

WHERE ZOMBIES WALK
[Book 1 of Kendra’s Journey]
by
Eileen Sheehan
©2018 Eileen Sheehan
Worldwide Electronic & Digital Rights
Worldwide Print Rights
Worldwide Rights of all Languages
ELECTRONIC EDITION
EARTH WISE BOOKS
www.earthwisebooks.com

All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photo-copying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the Publisher, except for brief quotes for use in reviews

This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Note:  This eBook has a sneak peek of another great book written by Eileen Sheehan at the end.


Notice** Portions of this story may prove too graphic, sexually explicit, or violent for sensitive readers. This novel is intended for mature readers.

This book is dedicated to paranormal fans around the world who enjoy thrills with some romance tossed in the mix.
Contents
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
A Sneak Peek at “The Regime”
Other Books by Eileen Sheehan
About the Author

Prologue
It’s the aftermath of an apocalypse of life on earth as we know it.  The planet has suffered a devastating alteration to its surface composition.  Although the earth has been resilient in the face of catastrophe over the millenniums and has already begun to rejuvenate in some way or another, there is speculation that it might never completely recover from the nuclear war that raged as a last resort for the powers that be to hang onto the control of the planet and not lose it to the few humans who were assisting with the invasion of a dominant alien race.  There are only a select few areas that weren’t affected. These areas were quickly seized by the invading aliens and the humans who’d worked with them during the takeover for habitation, leaving the rest of mankind to struggle for survival in a damaged world.  
With many of the natural resources impaired, most of the conveniences that society enjoyed have been lost or deliberately removed by the new world order.  The aliens brought in their own technology, but it isn’t made available to the humans who they strive to keep suppressed.  Transportation for man consists of walking or riding a domestic beast that he might be lucky enough to own and has the ability to maintain.  
Electricity is solar generated.
Communication is limited to solar operated cell phones for the select few who the aliens find useful and who have a skill to provide as a means to purchase them.  Their use is monitored by the reigning government. There is no such thing as private communication.  
If you are lucky enough to own a television or a radio, the world information and entertainment is censored by the ruling regime.
Most of the human population that manages to survive untainted leads an isolated life.  Their only contact with the regime is an occasional, undesired, visit by the cyborgs who patrol the area to enforce the new laws.
Drones routinely scan the earth’s surface by air, searching for animals and humans who have had the misfortune of having their genetics forever altered by nuclear contamination.  The drones are programmed to track and report to the Cyborgs the whereabouts of all creatures with altered genetics in an effort to eliminate the possibility of the earth’s population being permanently changed through breeding or infection. 
It was never the alien’s intention to destroy earth’s inhabitants, just dominate them and maintain them as a food and labor source. The leaders are eager to bring back the purity of both man and beast.
There exists a secret society amongst the wealthy who were able to foresee the loss of the planet to these cannibalistic aliens.  They spread the word amongst the rest of their kind and the wealthier humans who weren’t involved in conquering and running earth alongside the aliens escaped to inner earth.  The cost of such a venture is considerable, leaving it an option for the wealthy, only.  The remaining humans are left to struggle for survival under the thumb of an oligarchy regime. 
It was never the intention of the aliens to completely destroy the human race since it is coveted for multiple purposes that range from slave labor to food sources.   Furious over the unnecessary nuclear damage that was done to the planet and its inhabitants, they set an example as to what would happen to anyone who considered such an act again by capturing those who were involved in the detonation of the nuclear warfare that caused so much destruction and damage by publicly executing them in an extremely primitive manner.   
With mankind frightened and scattered over an unfamiliar and often non-supporting terrain, the regime does its best to do an inventory of who is left and untainted by radiation or disease and all births are recorded.  
In an effort to assume control of the quality of the regenerating population, the regime has passed a law.  Those born of perfect genetics are to be located and carefully monitored.  All males and females, aged fourteen and older, are to be sought out and taken from their homes to a breeding facility. There, they will be analyzed and paired with a mate whose combined genetics promise to produce the best offspring.  Those who are found damaged or mutated are to be immediately disposed of to prevent polluting the future human race.  
Humans living in isolated areas have yet to learn of the new breeding law due to lack of communication with the rest of the world.  With the exception of an occasional drone passing overhead, they aren’t as closely monitored as those who live near the more populated and habitable areas since the regime assumes that no one of notable and desirable genetics would remain in such an uninhabitable land.
To complicate matters.  Unbeknownst to the world leaders who set the nuclear warfare upon the planet, scientist involved in germ warfare had released a virus in concentrated enemy territory.  It was the intention of the powers that be to subdue the enemy with a disease that ate at their brain to the point they were literally walking corpses and then destroy the virus so that it didn’t spread.  Unfortunately, they were taken by surprise when nuclear devastation simultaneously consumed the planet and the scientists were either killed, or scattered for survival and the records containing the formula for the cure were lost. 
Now, along with having to hide their existence from the new world regime while struggling to survive in a world that is barely equipped to support them, the people of earth who have managed to go undetected by the ever present drones and cyborgs must also protect themselves for becoming a zombie or being eaten by the invading aliens who considered human meat a delicacy.

1
The sun beat down on the scorched and barren land with such intensity that its rays glistened off the tiny particles of soil that was so dark that it almost looked black.  Thick heat waves hovered in between Kendra and her target, making it difficult to focus for a clear shot.  She knelt on one knee in hopes that the mountain’s shadow would dull the sun’s rays enough to improve her vision.  She silently cursed as her stomach announced its need for sustenance with a loud rumble that softly echoed off the boulders on either side of her.  Holding her breath, she hoped that it wasn’t loud enough to alert the big cat of her presence as it languidly stretched its long body across the surface of a flat boulder while it bathed in the sun’s intense rays.  Beads of sweat trickled down her torso as she slowly pulled the bow string and released the arrow.  The cat’s wail of surprise echoed off the boulders that lined the barren valley as the arrow pierced its heart.  Kendra wasted no time rushing to the oversized feline’s side.  She reached it just as the wail was replaced by a thick, reverent silence that hung heavy around the beautiful beast.
She closely inspected her kill.  If it was too genetically altered, the meat would be dangerous to ingest.  To her surprise and delight, this cat looked to be in a healthy and unaltered state.  There would be no need to toss the mutated bits of its body away.  The entire body was consumable. 
Her hands trembled with both excitement and fear as she gutted the rare find. When she was finished, she rinsed the residue of blood and guts from her hands as best as she could with water from her canteen and then draped the heavy beast over her shoulders.  She didn’t know which was the more difficult part of hunting; the search for the animal or the task of lugging it home.
It was illegal to kill any animal that was in the original, pre-nuclear genetic state without a permit that was granted only for a justifiable cause. Needless to say, she had no permit. 
Not only was there no permit office nearby, but, although Kendra considered the hungry bellies at home a justifiable cause, she knew that the regime would not.  If she was caught, it could mean imprisonment, servitude, or worse.  
She searched the skies for signs of a drone while she crouched low and made her way back to camp. She wore dark clothes that blended with the landscape fairly well, but her burden’s rich, buttery coloring was in stark contrast to the world around her. The more space she put between her and the kill spot and the closer she got to her home that was located on a hillside with trees to help camouflage her, the calmer she grew.  
She’d made certain to mutilate the cat’s face just enough to make it impossible to tell if it was an original or a mutant, should she come upon someone with curious eyes. 
It was rare to encounter another person in those parts. She couldn’t remember the last time that it happened. So, it wasn’t running into someone while traveling home that really concerned her. It was the response to her kill once she got home. Her aunt Olga had done her best to keep their existence hidden from the authorities.  She lived in perpetual fear and was a stickler for keeping a low profile.  If she knew that Kendra had killed an original mountain lion and brought it home for her to cook, she would have surely had an attack of apoplexy.
Kendra did her best to be patient and understanding of her aunt’s fears and phobias. She had no recollection of the traumatic event that took her parents from her and left her in the care of her aunt while still a toddler, but Olga remembered it well.
The authorities had caught wind of the fact that Kendra’s mother and father had captured a few wild animals and were raising them as livestock.  Although, it wasn’t illegal to do this, it was the law that they report all livestock and crops to the regime and give one tenth of all yield to it.  Kendra’s clan was large with many hungry mouths to feed.  Therefore, her father disobeyed the law and didn’t register their entire yield with them.
To complicate matters, the adults in the clan were actively worshiping the gods and goddesses in hopes of the return of a better life. Her father and mother were the high priest and priestess. Since the regime demanded ultimate reverence, worship of any gods was considered a crime so severe that its punishment was death. 
When they learned of her father’s deceit, the regime sent Cyborg troops to seize their livestock and confiscate their yielded crops.  The crops that weren’t yet harvested were set ablaze. As were their modest homes.  
The raid upon their homestead revealed their worship habits and Kendra’s father and mother were taken to be put to death. It was unknown to her whether they were used as food or simply executed. She hadn’t bothered to find out.  She didn’t want to know.
Her sister and brother, along with her aunts, uncles, and cousins, were seized for breeding and servitude to the aliens.
Since Felix, Rupert, and Kendra were mere babes in arms and were too young to be of use in servitude for quite some time and there were no instructions given to the Cyborg troops -who lacked the capacity to think on their own- about what to do with babies, they were simply left to perish. 
Fortunately, Olga was not at home when this all came down.  She had learned of a berry patch at the foothills of the mountain and was off collecting what she could when the raid took place. It was with a saddened heart that she returned to find three toddlers sitting amongst the smoldering remains of their homestead. 
After sitting beneath the shade of one of the few trees that managed to somehow flourish on their cursed land to absorb and come to grips with what happened, she gathered the three abandoned infants and made for the hills to think on what to do.
After praying for guidance to the gods, she let the winds lead her east until she came upon a small, hidden valley that had managed to regain enough life to be habitable. When she discovered the stream of fresh water running through it, she quickly turned a small cave into a suitable shelter from the harsh elements.  
After a few days of foraging for edible wild plants, she felt that the destroyed crops of her homestead would have cooled down enough to allow her access. She considered tying the toddlers in the cave until she returned, but the fear of a wild beast finding them in her absence forced her to build a traverse and drag them back to the homestead with her.  It proved a wise decision, since -after she turned it into a fun game- they helped collect all of the singed canned goods that they could find amongst the rubble and pulled a good deal of the plants that survived the fire from the loose soil so that their roots could be replanted in their new home.
The troops had missed a few eggs that weren’t easily visible, so Olga quickly cooked them up and fed the children.  They’d taken most of the day to accomplish their mission.  Since she had no desire to travel through the night with three babies in tow, she picked through the rubble until she found some materials to make a small shelter for them. It was sooty, but it did the trick.  By the morning, they were smudged and in need of a bath, but they were rested with satisfied bellies and a hope for the future.
Olga not only managed to create a garden for them with the plant roots that they’d pulled from the ground, but she’d successfully created a home for them to live in.  It was in this home that Kendra grew into a strong, self-sufficient young woman.  In fact, she proved to be far better at caring for their needs than did Felix or Rupert.  Especially Rupert, who tended to be lazy and unreliable.
Olga was sitting on the stump that acted as a stool near the fire when Kendra entered their cave.
“I hung my kill up on the hook,” she said as she made her way to the washing barrel and immersed her arms up to her elbows in the water.
“So, the gods were with you today,” Olga said.
“Thanks be to Diana. We will eat well for a while,” Kendra said as she pulled a coarse rag from the drying rack to dry her arms and hands with.  
“Did you check it to make sure it was safe to eat?” Olga asked.
Kendra grew impatient. “You ask me that every time I hunt.”
“It only takes one slip up and your life is changed forever,” Olga replied.
Kendra pouted. “I don’t see why we can’t get a few domestics to raise.  It would be nice not to have to hunt and hope that your kill is edible.  The eggs from the few chickens we keep cooped up aren’t enough to sustain us and hunting is getting scarcer by the day.”
“Keeping the chickens is risky enough.  I’ve told you to the point that I’m tired of telling you that larger animals would be detected by the drones,” Olga grumbled. “We live in this damnable cave to keep from being noticed.”  She shrugged. “Is it really that difficult for you?”
“It would be nice if I got a little help from the men,” Kendra said. “They’re quick to fill their bellies but slow to join me on the hunt.”
“Felix’s club foot prevents him from keeping up with you,” Olga mused.  “He does his share of gardening. That’s sufficient.”
“And Rupert?” Kendra asked with a raised brow. 
Olga slowly shook her head. “He’s just damned lazy. Although, he’s good for a repair of electronics whenever we manage to scavenge something up.” 
“Electronics are worthless if you don’t have sufficient solar power,” Kendra snapped.
Olga struggled to stand. “I suppose I can rustle up enough life into these bones to go out in your stead now and then.”
Kendra scowled. “You’ll do no such thing. What are you cooking in that pot?”
“Turnip and carrot soup,” Olga said with a smile. “I’ll add a nice bone to it now.”
“With some meat, please,” Kendra said as she headed out to skin the cat. “I’ll get you a bone with some meat on it.  Then, I’ll cut the rest to dry out and store.”
“I got the cooler working,” Olga said with pride.
Kendra stopped at the opening and looked at the battered and rusty refrigerator.  “You’ve been struggling with that thing since you dragged it home last year.  There’s not enough power to keep it going. It spoils more than it preserves. I don’t dare trust it with this meat. I say we dehydrate it.”   
“It uses a lot of power.  We need better solar panels,” Olga said with a sigh.  “I’m going to take Rupert and Felix to scavenge for some in a few days.”
“Good luck with that,” Kendra said as she exited the cave with her knife in hand.

2
Where there was one mountain lion, there was generally a mate.  This was her thinking as Kendra headed back out the following day with her bow slung over her shoulder.  She wanted to take advantage of the possibility of the cat’s mate still being in the area.  It wasn’t easy to come across big game that had escaped genetic mutation enough to be edible; never mind an original.  Most of what she brought home was of the aviary family.  Since her kill was a genetic original, she was fairly certain that its mate would be too.  She just couldn’t pass up the chance to build their stores of protein with quality meat.  
She was so lost in thought about the soups and stews that her aunt would produce with the abundance of meat that she planned on supplying with this second kill that, when she came to the kill spot from the day before, she was surprised to have arrived so soon.  
She heaved a sigh of disappointment when she spotted the animal’s entrails in the place that she’d tossed them after her kill on the day before.  Had they been eaten, she’d know that there was more hunting to be done.  This made her even more determined to seek out the big cat’s mate.
Shielding her eyes from the sun as it slowly climbed higher into the morning sky, she scanned the ridge of the hillside while deciding which direction to take her search to.  Spotting a cluster of boulders that looked like they had a large, open center, she headed toward them.
With her mind firmly entranced in thought of the meals that the future held should she kill a second cat to the extent that she was salivating, her focus on her footing was lacking. As a result, she slipped on a smooth rock and tumbled to the tier below.
A sharp pain shot through her foot as it lodged in a crevice between two large boulders. She repressed the scream that clambered up her throat. Her gut told her that the big cat’s mate was nearby and it wouldn’t do to alert it of her presence for several reasons.  The main one being that she was in a vulnerable state.  Just like the cat was prey for her, she was also prey for the cat. The world was a place for survival of the fittest.  Now, more than ever before in history.
Not only did she have to repress the scream that her body longed to emit to help release the stress of the excruciating pain in her foot, but she was battling with an overwhelming panic with every second that passed as she tugged and pulled to free herself.  She quickly realized that the weight of her body had shoved her foot deep into the crevice and the shape of her boot prevented her from pulling it out.
After taking a few deep breaths to calm and balance herself, she thought about her situation. Not only had she traveled much further from home than normal, but she’d entered an unfamiliar area.  If memory served her correctly, she was on the edge of zombie territory.  This area was so severely damaged that the regime had declared it uninhabitable.  As a result, they didn’t hunt for zombies or mutants there.  Because of this, the number of mutated humans running for their lives and hiding in this land that were being infected and becoming zombies was steadily increasing.
Kendra had never encountered a zombie, but her aunt had schooled her on them enough for her to know that they were a dangerous lot. There were   zombies at various levels of deformities to their bodies; depending upon whether they were mutants when they turned or simply unfortunate humans. Since they were considered to be death walking, she had difficulty understanding how or why they would become cannibals. Why would they have a need to eat at all? It was a mystery that no one was able to explain to her.  What they were careful to make sure that she understood was the fact that the virus affected their brain and, unless the brain was destroyed, the virus would remain active; no matter what happened to or how much of the body remained.  She was literally made to practice shooting her arrow into the head of a dummy to condition her for the act should the need arise.
The land that she was now at the edge of while hunting the big cat’s mate- was called Zombie Land. Realizing that she not only had to be wary of falling prey to the big cat, but to zombies as well, she put greater effort into freeing her foot.  When she was finally able to get her mind to focus on the solution to her situation, she slid her agile and slender fingers into the crevice and loosened the laces of her boot.  It took some maneuvering, but she was eventually able to free her foot from its entrapment.
She took a moment to inspect her throbbing appendage.  The piercing pain had dulled to an ache and her flesh was discolored, but she was relieved to find that nothing was broken.  She nodded her approval while smiling with satisfaction.  A dull ache from bruising was something she could deal with on the long journey home.  Even so, it would be tough going without proper covering on her foot.  
She stretched out on her stomach as she carefully bent and twisted the well-worn leathered boot that was now flexible out of its entrapment.  She’d just pulled it free when a low growling sound echoed off the boulders that surrounded her.  Displaying the speed and confidence of an adept hunter, she was on her knees with her bow loaded and ready within seconds.  With careful determination, her eyes inspected the rocky ridge for the source of the growl.  While she hoped that it belong to the mate of her kill, she’d be grateful for anything at this point.
A ferocious, deep throated feline roar permeated the air as an enormous mountain lion leapt from the boulders above. It looked identical to her kill from the day before.  She quickly and precisely shot her arrow into its heart as it soared through the air toward her. Curling her body into a defensive ball, she quickly rolled out of the way in order to avoid being crushed as the heavy cat’s bulk thunderously landed on the boulder only inches from her.
Although she’d been hunting since she was a young girl, she’d never been this close to her kill as it fell prey to her arrows.  She’d shoot from a distance and the beast would die while she made her way toward it. 
She could feel the rock shudder below her feet as the cat’s body slammed against it. The low moan that escaped it’s lips and the look in the cat’s eyes as its life force slipped away was overwhelmingly tragic.  An instant regret consumed her; as well as a bout of nausea to the extent that she was forced to allow her stomach to purge.
“Is that your first kill?” came a cheery and young sounding female voice from somewhere in the myriad of boulders. “By the way you took it down, I thought that you were a seasoned hunter, but then you puked.  Seasoned hunters don’t puke after a kill.” 
Kendra looked around with surprise as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Her voice carried a threatening tone as she spoke.
“Where are you?”
“I’m here,” echoed the voice through the boulders. 
Kendra positioned her body in a defensive stance and readied an arrow in her bow.  “Where?” 
“I won’t harm you,” the voice said.
“Show yourself,” Kendra demanded while she continued to suspiciously scan the rocks above her for the girl’s location.
“I’ll show myself if you promise not to shoot me,” the girl said with such a musical cadence that it resembled a giggle.
After a considerable silence while she debated on what to do, Kendra lowered her bow and put her hands in the air for emphasis. Her eyes grew wide with disbelief as the petite, slender figure of a beautiful young woman with spiked flaxen hair slowly emerged from the shadows of the rock wall.  Her large green eyes drew Kendra to her like bees to honey as they reflected the sunlight in a way that resembled a twinkle.  It took a moment for her to regain control over her faculties enough to pull away from their grip and see that the stranger wore a crisp white shirt and jeans of the deepest blue.  They looked far too fresh and untainted by such a dust riddled landscape.
“You were there all along?” Kendra mused; more to herself than to the girl.  “Your voice sounded like it was coming from high up.”
“It’s the acoustics,” the girl said as she flashed a friendly smile. Her teeth were so white and perfect, Kendra questioned if they were real. “My name is Ari DeMarco.  What’s yours?”
“Are you a human or an alien?” Kendra asked with reservation.
“Do I look like an alien?”  Ari indignantly asked.
Kendra shrugged. “I’ve never seen one of them.”
“Surely you’ve seen other humans,” Ari continued.  When Kendra nodded, she said, “Well?”
“I’m Kendra,” she replied.
Ari cocked her head and scowled. “Is that your family name?”
Kendra shrugged as she carefully pulled her boot onto her tender foot. “It’s my name.”
“No second name?”  Ari asked with surprise.  “Ari is my name for me and DeMarco is my family name.  Have you no family name?”
“I’m sure that I do, but I don’t know it,” Kendra admitted. “It was never told to me.”
“How very odd,” Ari said in a wistful tone. Then with a shake of her head and an even broader smile, she said, “Kendra’s a good name.  It’s strong and sturdy, like you.” 
Kendra’s attention returned to the cat.  She was in the habit of cleaning her kills right away to avoid spoilage from any entrails leakage. “I have to tend to it or the hunt will have been a waste.”
“Do you want my help?” Ari asked as she timidly approached the big cat.  Although she’d made the offer, her body language gave Kendra the sense that it was an offer of politeness and not sincerity.
Still wary of her unexpected visitor, Kendra asked, “Do you have a knife?”   When Ari shook her head, she continued with, “I can do it, but you’d better stand back to avoid getting anything on you.”  Then, with a tone that was a mixture of suspicion and admiration she added, “Those clothes look fresh and new.”
Ari said nothing in response to the remark about her attire as she stepped back and watched with an expression that was difficult to read while Kendra skillfully gutted the cat and disposed of its entrails. 
When Kendra pulled the water canteen from her backpack and rinsed the blood from her hands as best as she could while making sure that she had water to drink on the arduous walk home in intense heat, Ari spoke up. “There’s running water close by. Wouldn’t you rather wash with that?  You could fill your canteen as well.  The water’s potable.” 
Kendra’s eyes shot her a look of both surprise and pleasure as she licked her sun chapped lips. “Where?”
Ari pointed to the ridge above them. “It’s not far.  Just over there.”
Kendra took a moment to evaluate the situation.  She estimated the cat to weigh about one-hundred pounds.  There were a lot of boulders to climb before she reached the ridge that Ari had pointed to.  Between her injured foot and the weight of the cat, she wasn’t sure it was such a good idea to tackle the climb; especially since she still had a distance to travel to get home.  
There was also the fact that the hike would take her deeper into the dangerous and unfamiliar zombie territory.  Even if she was up to braving a trip deeper into dead man’s land, if she left the cat, she could probably make the trip to the fresh water and back without mishap, but she wasn’t about to risk another beast stealing away with her kill in her absence.
She shook her canteen to gauge the amount of water left in it before shaking her head and frowning. “I’d like to, but I have a long journey back and I’ve twisted my foot.  I can’t risk not being able to make it home.”
“Is your home far?” Ari asked.
“Far enough with one-hundred pounds of dead weight over my shoulders and a bruised foot,” Kendra replied
“Would you like a ride?” 
The flaxen haired beauty’s tone was such that Kendra couldn’t decide whether she was trying to relay friendship or amusement.  She looked around for signs of a beast that could be used for transport, but saw nothing. “On what?”
Ari pointed to the ridge. “My ride is just over the ridge. It’s ready and waiting.” 
Kendra scowled with suspicion as she looked at her drab and barren surroundings. “If the water and your ride are both over that ridge, what are you doing here?”
The strange beauty wore a look of contemplation as silence permeated the air between them.  “If you don’t want a ride to ease your burden or to clean up in some cool, clear water, no one’s going to force you.” 
Kendra looked at the position of the sun.  It would be at its hottest soon.  She didn’t relish hiking on an injured foot through the impending, intense heat that the sun provided through the earth’s altered ozone. In a different world, during different times, she might have accepted Ari’s offer.  Sadly, times were such that even an offer from a friendly looking wisp of a thing like Ari could prove fatal.  She just didn’t dare accept. 
The time for small talk was over.  
She bent down and heaved the cat over her shoulders.   “It was nice to meet you, but I have to go.”
Ari shrugged. Her smooth, porcelain face that was just a shade darker than her hair wrinkled as she folded her arms across her chest and scowled her displeasure. “Suit yourself.” 
Kendra nodded and carefully picked her way down the ridge with her burden snug about her shoulders.  She could feel Ari’s mesmerizing green eyes boring into her back, but she didn’t turn and look.  There was something very strange about that girl and it wasn’t just the fact that her clothes were far too fresh and new and her teeth were remarkably unmarred and perfect for someone struggling for survival. Was she struggling for survival? That was the million dollar question.  What was she doing so far away from civilization? Surely she wasn’t pleasure riding; especially on land where she risked running into a zombie. 
Kendra’s mind milled these over as she endured the tortuous hike home. Sweat soaked her tee shirt and assaulted her nose as it combined with the blood that oozed from the opened cavity of her kill.  She thought of the absolute perfect picture that Ari made and sighed.  
Perhaps it was because the majority of her years were isolated from the masses and she had spent minimal – if any- time in the company of another female other than Olga, but standing before Ari made Kendra feel plain and intimidated by her pristine beauty to the point that she wanted to find a place to hide herself.  
Kendra was by no means an ugly girl.  Her long, dark hair had a silken feel when freshly washed and combed.  She was Caucasian, but her skin tone had a coppery hue to it from years of exposure to the sun.  Even so, not a wrinkle could be found on her smooth flesh.   This was partly because she was still young- having just had her seventeenth birthday- and partly because Olga was adept at mixing lotions to protect against sun damage.  Her teeth were straight, all there, and cavity free, but her smile couldn’t match up to the brilliant and alluring one that Ari had flashed her way.  She’d always considered her chocolate colored, almond shaped eyes to be exotic and alluring until she was almost consumed by the wide, emerald-green eyes of the beauty she’d just met. Ari was not only petite, but she had an air of femininity about her that made Kendra feel like a tomboy.
All in all, Kendra felt clumsy and frumpy for the first time in her life.
3
“Another cat?” Olga said with a smirk of delighted surprise as she stood in the cave’s opening with her hands on her hips.
“I’m going to be sick from the smell of sweat and sunbaked blood,” Kendra groaned as she wiggled out from beneath the bulk of the cat and heaved it onto the hook that was driven into the rock specifically for such purposes.  Her mood had only slightly improved during the journey home.  “It was a long walk.”
“You’re limping,” Olga observed.
Kendra pulled off her blood crusted shirt and tossed it to the ground.   Then, she limped to the nearest stump so that she could sit and remove her boots. “The cat was heavy and I bruised my foot on a boulder cluster.” 
Olga disappeared into the cave and returned with a fresh shirt.  Tossing it at her niece, she barked, “Cover yourself before the boys come out.” 
“Why are they home at this hour?  Don’t they have chores and errands to tend to?  Am I the only one killing myself to help you take care of this family?”  Kendra asked as she pulled the tee shirt over her exposed torso.  “It would have been nice to wash before I had to put this on.  I stink of blood and sweat.”
“That’s a whole lotta drama for so early in the day,” Olga said as she picked up the soiled shirt that Kendra had just shed. “I have another clean shirt for you to put on once you’ve cleaned up. You still have to skin this thing.  From the sound of it, there’s been a good deal of time since the kill.  It won’t do to leave it for later.  Fresh meat of this nature is a pearl to be cherished.”
When her aunt lifted the cat’s head and looked into its lifeless eyes, it struck Kendra that she was so rattled by her encounter with the mysterious flaxen haired beauty that she’d forgotten to mutilate the cat enough to disguise its purity. She’d been overly distracted by that girl, combined with the worry of making it home in that intense sun with her paining foot. She groaned inwardly as she took a deep breath and steadied herself for the lecture that she was sure would come.
 “Where did you find this cat?” Olga snapped.
“It was a good distance from here,” Kendra defensively replied.
“This cat is trouble,” her aunt said with disgust. 
Kendra’s brows raised with surprise as she stood. 
“I don’t understand,” she lied.  
She knew very well that killing a beast that was in its pure and original state was a heap of trouble, but she was willing to risk it as much as her aunt was not. Especially since she encountered the cats in the middle of nowhere on the edge of zombie land.  The only person around was Ari, and since the girl offered to help her clean her kill as well as help her bring them home, she was fairly certain that the cats didn’t belong to her.
Olga sounded regretful as she asked, “Did you get yesterday’s cat from the same location?”  When Kendra nodded, she shook her head and sighed. “These aren’t wild cats, dear niece.  They’re domestics.  They were someone’s pets.” 
“How can you tell?,” Kendra wailed with dismay.
Olga pinched the cat’s neck until the tracking chip protruded through the skin. “This is a tracking chip.” 
“What would domestics be doing wandering this far from civilization? There was no one in sight when I shot them,” Kendra nervously explained as Ari’s image flew into her head. 
She was telling the truth.  Ari didn’t appear until after the cat was killed.  Had she been aware of the girl’s presence, she wouldn’t have taken down the oversized feline.
She should have known that there was something wrong when she made her first kill.  Finding a pure beast in those parts was almost impossible. Finding one with as much meat on its bones was even more so.  To find two… well… she should have realized that something was wrong. Her greatest hope whenever she went out to hunt was that her kill would be only slightly altered and mostly edible.  Her excitement at the prospect of a supply of unaltered meat and easing the pressure of hunting from her days for a while drove out all other thoughts. 
Were the mountain lions actually Ari’s domestics? If so, why did she offer to help clean her recent kill as well as help her get it home? Why didn’t she say something? Claim it? Shout at her for killing it? Shed some tears over her loss? Threaten to report her to the authorities?  
The thought suddenly struck her and she swallowed hard. Was Ari’s reasoning for wanting to give her a ride home to find out where she lived so that she could send the authorities? Was her decision not to accept the offer impressed upon her subconscious by the gods to protect her?  She leaned against the wall as her legs went weak while she processed the possibilities of what atrocities could have happened to her and her family had she been foolish enough to accept Ari’s offer of friendship.
“I met a girl who looked to be about my age today when I killed the cat.  I don’t think it was hers because she offered to help me clean it and then to give me a ride home,” Kendra confessed. “I didn’t accept either.”
“Do you think that she followed you?” 
Kendra shook her head. “I kept close watch for drones and people. I saw neither.”
Olga sat on the stump that Kendra just vacated.  She wore a look of defeat. “It’s done now. Let’s just hope that chip didn’t lead anyone here.  It’s been my plan to sit you down and explain a few things for some time now.  I just kept putting it off because there was always something that needed my attention.  Now, it might be too late.” 
“You aren’t making any sense, aunt,” Kendra complained.
“Tend to the meat and then wash up,” Olga said with resignation. “There’s no sense in wasting such a fine supply.  I’ll make us a hearty meal.   Then, we’ll all sit down after dinner and I’ll explain everything.” She stood and looked at the cat one more time before shaking her head and going back into the cave.
Kendra’s hands trembled as she skinned her kill.  Knowing that it was someone’s pet changed everything.  It took an extreme force of will to remove its butter colored coat and then carefully portion out the meat.  Two hours later, she had delivered a meaty bone to her aunt and had sliced, seasoned, and laid out thin slices of meat to dry in the sun.
With her task completed, she made her way to the nearby stream. After stripping off her soiled shirt and pants, she quickly washed away the blood, sweat, and dust from her hunting trip from her body and hair.  With water still beading on her flesh, she put on the fresh clothes that her aunt had supplied and then sat down on a small boulder that was worn smooth from use.  Her hands stroked its surface as she immersed her bruised foot into the water’s depths.  It felt cool and soothing on her discolored flesh. 
She tried not to think about the fact that she’d slaughtered someone’s pet, but the thought just kept creeping in anyway.  Her stomach lurched on more than one occasion as she struggled with both her conscience over the act and her fear of what would come of it.  
“I didn’t know,” she said aloud as she swirled her foot in the water.  “Had I known…”
“What didn’t you know?” Felix asked as he limped up to sit next to her.
Kendra shrugged. Felix was like a brother to her, but there was still a thin wall between her that kept her from completely trusting him and pulling him into her total confidence.  The same went for Rupert.
Of her two cousins, she preferred Felix.  She knew that, if he wasn’t handicapped by his club foot, he’d be right out there with her on the hunt.  Rupert, on the other hand, was not only lazy, but had a crush on Kendra that was so extreme that Kendra was repelled by it. Olga considered it unhealthy. With his hormones raging and females a scarcity in his world, Rupert had repeatedly insisted that he be allowed to mate with Kendra.  His reasoning was to help replenish the world’s population.  Since they were third cousins, he saw nothing wrong with it. Kendra’s refusal to consider it, along with Olga’s lack of supporting him in his quest to make, left him angry and frustrated most of the time.  
When they were in need of acquiring information or supplies from the rest of humanity, Rupert was careful to disguise the fact that he was in perfect health so that he wouldn’t be taken or even monitored by the authorities.  He’d managed to get his hands on the armband that was worn by humans who were mutated, but who had volunteered to be sterilized in order to assure that they wouldn’t reproduce and pass on that mutation.  By doing this, they were allowed to live their lives in peaceful servitude. 
On his last trip, he’d learned of the new law for breeding and had threatened to go to the authorities to be included on the program.  To her relief, Olga’s stories of terror over the years always kept him from acting upon those threats.  She could understand a young man’s need to accommodate his hormonal desires. She could even understand the need to repopulate the planet with healthy humans. But, if he brought attention to the fact that they existed, she could only imagine the chaos and repercussions that would rain down upon them.   
More than once, Olga found the need to step in and prevent Rupert from badgering Kendra about mating.  The girl got so frustrated that she finally started to wear her knife full time for protection.  It was no way to live, but Olga had no idea what to do about it. She doubted that Rupert would do something that warranted Kendra wearing a knife, but if it made her niece feel better, then so be it. 
If she was to think on it with intelligence instead of emotions, it was only natural that a young man of nineteen would want a mate and, since Kendra was a beautiful young seventeen year old who was genetically removed enough to make mating legal as well as the only young woman in his life, it made sense that he would desire her. She suspected that Felix also had desires for Kendra, but was thankful that he didn’t act on them; especially since they were first and not third cousins.
 The air was thick inside the cave from a combination of the stillness of the hot summer’s evening and the tension between Kendra and Rupert as she sat as far away from him as possible in the limited quarters.
Hostility over being rejected dripped from Rupert’s words. “You killed not one, but two domestic cats.”  When Kendra’s eyes went wide, he made a face that resembled an evil smirk and added, “What? You thought that our aunt would keep it to herself?  How special you must think yourself to be.”
 “I…,” Kendra managed to utter before Olga barked for them to cease before they started as she positioned herself on the only sturdy chair in the small cave.
Felix sat next to Kendra and smiled as he placed his hand on the center of her back. It was enough to make her forget her other cousin and sit calmly to await Olga’s talk.
“This is a conversation that should have taken place a long time ago,” Olga said as she sipped on a cup of freshly brewed pine needle tea. “A good deal of sweat, blood, and tears went into making this a safe haven for us.  I guess I just didn’t want to bring up something that could change things.” 
“What could change things?” Felix asked with trepidation. “Change things how?”
“Maybe the fact that our dear cousin fed us someone’s pets for supper?” Rupert snipped. “You know they had to belong to someone important.”
“Who just let them freely wander on the border of zombie land,” Kendra barked.
“You were hunting on zombie land?” Olga gasped. 
“I didn’t go far into it,” Kendra assured her.
“Gods give us strength,” Olga sighed.  She wore a scowl as she looked directly at Kendra. “We’ll discuss this later.  I don’t want to get off track with our talk.”  She turned to her nephews. “We are all from the same clan and you children are all related, but, even though I have raised you as my own, I am only related to Kendra by blood.  Her father was my brother.  Her mother was your mother’s sister, Felix, and the cousin to your mother, Rupert.” 
The three sat and stared at Olga as if she had two heads.  Was she really calling a meeting to give them a genealogy lesson? Their lineage was something that they already knew.
“I have kept Kendra’s family name secret for a reason,” Olga continued. “Kendra may not venture to the areas where there are people about, but you, Rupert, do. Because of your constant agitation and unreliability and now the recent threats to go to the regime and enroll in the breeding program, I’ve made it a point to keep it from you.  The safest and most assured way was to just not tell anyone.”
“Why is he here now?” Kendra asked. “If he couldn’t be trusted before, why now?”
“What’s the deal with her last name?” Rupert grumbled. “Don’t tell me that she’s someone special.  She’s already too full of herself.” 
Olga took a deep breath. “The world was already at war before the alien invasion.  The invaders took advantage of this and paired up with some of the underhanded world leaders. Sadly, Kendra’s father and mother were bio-chemical scientists who were working with the world leaders who were trying to preserve life as it was. They were assigned to a laboratory that focused on germ warfare.  As a last and desperate attempt to keep the enemy from gaining control of the free world, they were ordered to launch a virus that they’d created into enemy territory.  This virus causes the body to mutate.”
“Are you telling us that the mutants and zombies are their fault?” Rupert bellowed.
“Partly,” Olga offered. “The mutants are a result of the nuclear bombs that were released, but the zombies are from the virus.”
Rupert snarled at Kendra. “Nice.”
“It’s not my fault,” Kendra hissed. 
“It’s no one’s fault,” Olga firmly said. “Kendra was a babe in arms when all of this went down. It’s ridiculous to try to lay the blame on her.”
Kendra stuck her tongue out at her cousin to help emphasize her aunt’s words.
“I still don’t understand why her last name is such a secret,” Felix mused.
“It’s not just her last name.  It’s my last name too,” Olga said.  “It’s a secret because they’re looking for us.  When the cyborgs killed Kendra’s parents, they had no idea who they actually were.  They were believed to be the high priest and priestess who were breaking the law by practicing a forbidden religion.  By the time their true identity was known, they’d been executed.”
Kendra emitted a gasp of sorrow at the mention of her parent’s execution. 
“I’m still not following,” Felix admitted.
“They created the virus. They also created an antidote.  It’s believed that the formula for the antidote is hidden away somewhere,” Olga explained. “With them dead, the authorities are searching for any relatives in hopes that they know the location of their notes.  My brother never shared where he hid the notes with me and Kendra was just an infant, but the ways of the authorities are brutal.  They won’t believe that we can’t help them and will torture us until we’re dead.  It’s imperative that our identities be kept hidden.” 
“I don’t understand.  If my parents had an antidote, why didn’t they release it? Why did they let the zombie virus spread?” Kendra asked.
Olga looked at her niece’s painful expression with sympathy and understanding.  She often saw her brother in Kendra’s expressions, but never more so than at that moment. “It was their hope that the aliens would be susceptible to the virus.  They were waiting to see if that was the case before they released the antidote.  They made sure to inoculate all of us against it while they waited to see.  Sadly, they were killed before they had their answer.” 
Her large, dark-brown eyes locked with Rupert’s beady grey ones. “If they knew that you were related to Kendra and me, they would seize and torture you as well.”
“Great,” he hissed as he stood up to leave.
“Where are you going?” Olga barked. “The meeting is not yet over.”
“I’m leaving,” Rupert said with a firmness that surprised his aunt. “I want out of this mess.  Forget that you know me and, trust me, I’ll definitely forget that I know you.”
The cave was so silent as Rupert gathered his belongings that, if someone dropped a pin on the dirt floor, the shifting of the soil could probably be heard. 
When, at last, he’d disappeared into the night, Kendra said, “Good.”
“I heard that!” Rupert bellowed as he raced back into the cave with amazing speed and knocked Kendra onto the flat of her back.  Before anyone could grasp what was happening, his powerful hands had ripped the front of her tee shirt in half to expose her well-formed breasts and was tearing at the waist of her Jersey shorts. Fully aware that she carried a knife, it was the first thing that he disposed of. 
“I think I’ll take what should have been mine long ago before I leave,” he snarled.
Olga was practically frozen with disbelief as she watched her nephew pin her niece’s arms above her head as his mouth consumed the rosy tip of her meaty breast while his free hand finished pulling her sweat shorts far enough down to give him easy access to her womanhood.  Her heart literally ached with confusion and shock. 
Rupert not only towered over Kendra, but he had double the strength. When he slammed her onto her back, her head hit the hard-packed dirt floor with such force that she was temporarily witless. With Kendra’s defenses removed and his aunt and cousin taken unawares and in shock like they were, he was accomplishing his mission in record time. 
He’d managed to free his manhood and was positioning himself to take her when Felix came to his senses enough to act. His roar echoed off the walls as he pounced upon his cousin.  The force of the impact of his lean body slamming into Rupert’s muscled one knocked Rupert off Kendra just enough to free her legs. With her wits returned enough to act and mindless of her injured foot, she pulled her knees up to her chest and planted her feet against Rupert’s powerful body. He’d removed his mouth from her breast and was focusing on pummeling Felix’s face with his massive fists. Summoning all of her strength to straighten her legs, she managed to finish what Felix had started and pushed is body off of her.
Rupert may have had size and strength in his favor, but Kendra had agility, athletic speed, and outrage on her side. Free and as angry as a bull, she rolled to her feet with the rapid fluidity of a wild animal that was accustomed to escaping precarious and life threatening situations and quickly retrieved her knife.  Within seconds, she was behind him with her blade to his throat.  A look of surprise came over him before he immediately regained his composure and replaced it with a cool and confident smirk. 
Her voice took on a steely tone as she placed her mouth next to his ear and hissed, “Try that again and I’ll slit your throat so deep that your head will roll off.” 
“You have tasty tits,” Rupert said with an arrogance that made Kendra shudder with hate. “I knew they would be.  Tasting all of you just might be worth dying for.”
“You disgust me,” Kendra said as she added more pressure to the knife. “Get out of here and don’t come back or I will kill you.”
“I leave a happy man,” Rupert said as he raised himself onto his knees and proudly tucked his bulging manhood back into his pants. His actions caused her knife to pierce his flesh, but he ignored the blood and the pain. “One day I’ll finish this.”
“Get out!” Kendra bellowed as she leapt back from him.
 Rupert stood and slowly consumed her naked body with his beady grey eyes while he licked his thin and cruel looking lips for emphasis. “It didn’t need to come to this. You should have just mated with me, cousin. You’ll regret it one day.”
Kendra stood defiant and proud; mindless of the fact that her shorts were down around her slender ankles and her bulbous breasts were exposed.
No one spoke as Rupert turned on his heel and exited the cave like a king before his court.
Felix groaned as he struggled to his feet.  His face was red from both blood and embarrassment as he took in Kendra’s state of undress.  Realizing her condition, she quickly pulled her shorts back up and gripped the front of her tee shirt back together.
“What just happened?” Olga gasped when she finally found her words.
“He’s a beast, aunt,” Kendra hissed.
Olga emitted a moan of despair. “I’m so sorry.  I should have expected something like this from him.  He showed all of the signs.  I raised him like my own.  I guess I just didn’t want to think him capable of rape.”  She wore a dazed expression.  “I should have done something to stop him.  It all happened so fast,” she worriedly mused. “It was in slow motion but happening fast at the same time.  I’ve never…”
“Did he hurt you?” Felix interjected as he limped to Kendra’s side.
“Only my pride,” Kendra admitted as her fingers inspected the back of her skull for a bump that might surface from when her head slammed into the hardened cave floor. “It’s good he’s gone.”
“No. I hate to say it, but it’s not good,” Olga said with remorse as the shock of the situation wore off. “I’m not saying that what just happened was okay, but it would have been better if we could have settled it and calmed him down. He’s stormed off, both angry and humiliated. That’s never a good combination; especially with Rupert. If the lad can turn his back on us so easily, he can’t be trusted.  I’m afraid we’ll have to move.”
“What?” Felix and Kendra said in unified dismay.
“I don’t trust that boy. I don’t think he’ll turn us in for your parent’s actions. At least, I hope he won’t. He risks himself if he does. Plus, he’d have to prove it and without your last name or any photos of my brother and his wife, that could be difficult. He may not know your last name, Kendra, but he knows about the mountain lions and he’s determined to make you pay for rejecting him.  You know how he is when he sets his mind to something.  He’ll either come back and take you by surprise and actually rape you or he’ll tell the authorities about your kill,” Olga explained. “It’s no longer safe to stay here.”
“This is our home. It’s been our home since forever. Where will we go?” Felix asked with a voice filled with emotion.
“We’ll ask the gods to guide us,” Olga replied in a voice that indicated that her mind was already miles away.
4
Ari held tight to her mare’s reins as she carefully maneuvered through the thick grove of trees that bordered Center Land Village.  She wore an expression of concern and disappointment. She’d been searching for the Schiele family for almost five years.  The girl that she met hunting on the edge of zombie territory, Kendra, fit the description, but she couldn’t be sure without knowing her family name. Was she the daughter of the two scientists who’d unleashed the zombie virus?  
It was well known that the child of the scientists was but an infant when they were executed and the reversal of the zombie virus was lost with the lives of the scientists, but they were banking on the fact that she was present during their discussions about it as well as during their daily routines enough for things to have been absorbed in her subconscious.  It was hoped that, with the technology available to them, there was a strong possibility that either the knowledge of the whereabouts of their notes or the formula itself could be rooted from deep within her subconscious.
Intel had assured Ari that Kendra’s parents were simply scientists obeying their instructions in germ warfare.  The virus was never meant to spread worldwide.  It was intended to be contained within enemy borders with an antidote to follow once the enemy had surrendered.  Unfortunately, the invasion of their alien allies and the rapid conquering of the free world countries prevented that from happening.  
To add to the crisis, the release of nuclear warfare only helped to accelerate the damage to the planet and its inhabitants that the war started. Now, it wasn’t just zombies that they had to contend with.  There were humans who’d been severely mutated by nuclear exposure.  Their bodies were disfigured at various stages.  It was Ari and her team’s task to prevent them from reproducing and replicating the mutation by capturing those who didn’t submit voluntarily and sterilizing them.  Although they were aware that the hated alien regime had issued orders to simply kill them, her people didn’t believe that a mass slaughter was necessary.  They felt that, if they were sterilized, the mutant humans would eventually die out, leaving only the zombies to contend with. There was also the fact that the mutation of some humans was far too minor to justify killing them.
As for the mutated fowl and beasts, well, they’d focus on them after mankind was saved.
“Any luck?” her brother, Baelil, said as he stepped out from behind a tree to join her.
“I found a girl who fits the description.  She looks to be about the right age and her features resemble the photo of the Schiele scientists that I was provided.”
“Where is she now?” he asked as he looked in the direction that his sister came from.
“Not with me,” Ari said with a slow shake of her head. “First of all, she claimed not to know her last name so I couldn’t verify that she was the one.”
“How’s that?” he asked with surprise.
“She said that it was never told to her,” Ari shrugged. “It could be true. The world was in severe chaos back then.  She could be an orphan who was found and taken in, for all I know.”  She flashed her brother a smile. “You’d like her, Baelil. Any man would. She doesn’t trust, but that’s to be expected, but she’s beautiful, smart, and self-sufficient. She’s got this long, dark, glistening hair that looks so smooth and silky soft that you want to reach out and stroke it. Her eyes are a rich chocolate and almond in shape. She’s definitely Caucasian, but with the coppery hue of her skin from sun exposure, her luscious hair and interesting eyes, I found her to be very exotic looking.”  Then, with hesitancy, she added, “She killed Mutt and Sophia.”
Baelil’s face went scarlet as his eyes squinted with rage. “How?”
“I was deep in zombie land.  I had them with me for protection to warn me of any zombies approaching.  She was out hunting and, well…”
“She was hunting in zombie territory?” he asked with surprise.
“On the edge of it, yes,” Ari said.  “Mutt roamed off.  I activated his tracking chip, but by the time I caught up with him, she had him slung over her shoulder and was carrying him home.  I tried to follow her, but Sophia was too distressed so I made camp with the intention of bringing her back at first light. Before I broke camp, the girl was back.  Sophia made to attack her and she put an arrow through her heart.”  When Baelil moaned, she quickly said, “It happened fast. I’m sure it was painless.  I imagine it was the same with Mutt.  She looked to be an accomplished hunter.”
 Baelil’s dark green eyes were filled with heartache.  “It must have been difficult to witness that.  I don’t know what I would have done if I’d been there.” 
“I was upset, but I didn’t show it,” Ari said with an air of wistfulness.  “I couldn’t. Could I?”
Baelil shook his head and heaved a sigh. “Finding the girl is more important, I guess.  Besides, the deed was already done.” 
Ari shuddered. “I actually offered to help her clean Sophia.  I was so worried that she’d accept my offer.  I don’t think I could have held it together if she had.”
“Why would you make an offer like that?”
“She’s very distrusting.  I was trying to win her over.  I also offered to give her a ride home. She’d hurt her foot so I had hopes, but she declined and walked home.”
“She’s a tough one, then,” Baelil mused.
“Like I said,” Ari grinned.  “You’d like her.”  After a moment of silence, she added, “I distracted Kendra enough that she only did the bare necessity of cleaning before she heaved poor Sophia over her shoulders and trekked off across that desolate and barren looking land.”  She shook her head. “She’s got to be brave to venture through such an area alone and on foot.”  Then, she added, “Sophia’s tracking chip stayed intact, so I know how to get to her home.  I thought we’d visit her tomorrow.  Hopefully, we can convince her to come with us without using force.”
Her brother’s brows knit together. “Kendra?”
“That’s her name.”
“That’s a strong name,” he said.
“She’s a strong girl,” Ari replied. “You wouldn’t know it by looking at her, though.  She’s lean and petite in build with a natural air of femininity about her that seems out of place with her lifestyle.”
Baelil grunted. “It makes one wonder what type of lifestyle she would have lived if the world hadn’t been hit with such chaos and devastation.”
“Do you remember anything from before it all happened?” Ari asked.
“Bits and pieces,” Baelil replied. “I was so young. When I sit with the elders and listen to their stories, more comes back to me.” 
Brother and sister walked, side by side and in silence the remainder of the way through the thick grove toward their home in Center Land Village.  It was easy to see that they were related.  Although born five years apart, one might think them identical twins. They both wore their flaxen hair in a short spike that accentuated the largeness of their emerald-green eyes and high cheekbones; a family trait on their mother’s side that had been passed down from generation to generation.  Both were fastidious about their teeth, using the wild sage as a natural whitener that they’d discovered while combing the forest for herbal remedies.  
Coming from wealth had its advantages, as Kendra had quickly noted. Neither sibling was want for fresh, clean attire or the help to keep them that way.  The fact that Center Land Village had its own fabric mill and clothing factory certainly didn’t hurt.
Center Land Village was located at the mouth of a tunnel that led to the center of the earth.  It was built as a replica to the community that it was named after that was created deep in the earth’s core centuries ago with the intent of disguising and guarding the tunnel leading to it. 
Although a good deal of the world’s wealthy had migrated inside the earth upon the invasion of the cruel alien race, they’d gone to a section that was far removed from the land protected by the original Center Land which was far larger and grander than the village. Those few who had heard of Center Land, were under the impression that it was the surface community at the mouth of the entrance to the center of the earth and not an actual very large and impressive place within the earth’s core.  Thus, naming Center Land Village after Center Land was working and Ari and Baelil’s home was still unknown to the masses. 
They wanted to keep it that way.
With the zombie apocalypse in full bloom and the planetary rule being assumed by aliens who practiced cruelty and cannibalism, more and more people were finding a way to migrate deep into the sanctuary of the earth.  It was no longer a land for the wealthy and well educated. Thieves and thugs were slowly infiltrating it. It wasn’t so much the ruling aliens that frightened the ruthless and lawless.  They’d always been quick to slip through the cracks and fingers of the regime, no matter who ruled. They were going to inner earth because they sought respite from the zombies and the virus that caused them.
It was important that the zombie virus be contained and the zombies destroyed before Center Land Village was discovered and their world changed forever.  It was because of this that Ari and Baelil volunteered to assist in finding the cure as well and fighting and destroying the walking corpses.  
As they approached the small community that was nestled deep in the hillside and camouflaged by a holographic image of pine trees, a young woman with long, copper hair stepped out from behind a boulder.  The sudden action caused Ari’s horse to nervously dance about.
“I’ve been waiting here forever,” she panted as her shapely brown eyes unabashedly took in every inch of Baelil’s physique of masculine perfection. “I was just about to leave.”
“I’ve asked you not to do that, Camron,” Ari snapped. “Speckles is high strung.”
“Why do you ride a high strung horse into zombie territory?” Camron asked while never taking her eyes from Baelil.
Ari rolled her eyes. “Pull in your tongue before you get a mouth full of dirt.”
When Baelil chuckled at his sister’s sarcasm, Camron scowled. “Do you really think yourself funny?”
Ari shrugged. “My brother seems to think me so.” 
“Why do you imitate him like you do? I mean.  You even wear your hair like him.  You look so… butch.”  She looked, longingly, at Baelil as she ran her slender fingers through her silken mane. “I can’t believe you prefer a boy cut on a girl instead of this.”
“We’re a little busy right now, Cam,” Baelil said in a soft, but firm tone. “I’ll find you when things have settled down.”
“Promise?”  she asked in a suggestive tone as her thick lashes fluttered over her dark brown eyes.
He flashed her a seductive smile and nodded.
Ari scowled as she watched the accentuated sway of Camron’s hips as she sauntered away. “What do you see in that creature?”
Baelil snorted with humor. “I guess you have to be a man to understand.”
5
Felix practically fell onto the small patch of grass that the hillside offered when Olga finally gave the order to stop and rest.  Walking wasn’t easy for him under the best of circumstances. The ache of having been the recipient of Rupert’s angry fists the night before and having a good amount of their belongings strapped to his back only hindered him more.  Even so, he had no intention of complaining.  He knew that his aunt and Kendra were toting the bulk of their belongings on their back as they took turns pulling the overloaded wagon. He was also well aware that Kendra had an injured foot.  Not to mention the fact that he knew that she’d experienced a fitful night with minimal sleep; which was understandable after Rupert’s almost rape.
“Where will this lead us?” he asked as he wiped the sweat from his brow and the back of his neck.
“It’s awfully close to zombie land,” Kendra said.
“I didn’t know that,” Olga confessed as she eased her body down next to Felix. “Geography was never my strong point.”
“Are we safe?” Felix worriedly asked.
“We’re not in zombie land.  Just near it,” Kendra assured him.
Olga’s tone was a mixture of teasing, fear, and sarcasm. “Do the zombies obey the boundary lines?”  
“Let’s hope so,” Kendra grunted as she struggled to pull the wagon to the top of the slight incline.  “I’m more worried about getting as far away from that cave as I can than I am the zombies. I don’t trust Rupert not to turn us in.”
“They’d seize him too, wouldn’t they?” Felix asked. “He’s related.  Didn’t you say they were after all of the relatives.” 
“If they can get the daughter or the sister… or both, they won’t bother with nephews,” Olga sighed. “I imagine he’s figured that out. Rupert is a disappointment, but he’s not stupid.”  She got up and helped Kendra pull the cart out of a small rut. “As much as I hate to admit it, I agree with you.  We need to get as far away from here as possible.”
“Maybe we should venture into zombie land,” Kendra mused. “They won’t expect us to be there.” 
“Are you out of your mind?” Felix asked, incredulously.
“If we stay close to the edge, we shouldn’t encounter too many,” Kendra said. “I’ve been hunting around here quite a bit and have yet to encounter one.”
“You’ve been lucky,” Felix sniffed.
“Do you really think that they stay within the invisible boundaries?” Kendra asked. “We could have just as easily had one wander into our cave in the middle of the night. We weren’t that far from the border, after all.”
“I had no idea,” Olga said with amazement.  “Had I known, I would have never settled us there.”
“It was still an easy ninety minute walk from our cave to the border of zombie land,” Kendra mused. “Dragging a heavy carcass with an injured foot made it even longer. I’m just saying that, in such an isolated area, there is no one to stop them from migrating if there were any around to do so. I don’t think that they’re near the border.  I think they’re deeper in toward the heart of the zombie area.”
“This is where you killed the cats?” Felix said with surprise.
“Not far from here,” Kendra said as she dropped down next to her cousin.  “I just need a few minutes to catch my breath and then I’m good again.”
“Felix and I won’t be good for an easy twenty minutes,” Olga assured her. “His club foot and my old age keep us from being as fit as you.” 
Kendra nodded and laid back. A short nap was just the thing to rejuvenate her.  Her body ached from the exertion of dragging the wagon, but she knew that, of the three of them, even with her injured foot, she was the most fit without her aunt pointing it out to her. She didn’t want to admit to them that the stress of the almost rape, sleepless night, and demands on her body that the wagon caused were overly taxing. She was thankful that she didn’t have to and could take advantage of the fact that they needed the break.
Olga’s conversation with Felix about where to settle quickly faded as her body went into sleep mode. It felt as if she’d just closed her eyes when Felix’s hand gently shook her shoulder to awaken her.  She was both surprised and alarmed to note that the sun’s position had shifted considerably.
“What time is it?” she gasped.
“We let you sleep,” Olga smiled.
Felix chuckled. “You were snoring.”
Kendra sat up and began to secure her oversized and fully loaded backpack onto her back. “We need to get moving.  It will be dark soon.”
“I thought that we could just make camp here for the night,” Olga said as she pointed to the make-shift lean-to and the fire pit she and Felix had fashioned at its opening.
“Are you kidding?” Kendra gasped as Ari’s image floated into her mind.  “We’re not in a safe area.”       
Deep lines formed in the flesh of Felix’s sun kissed face as he scowled with confusion.  “We’re not even in zombie land.  Why is this not safe when you suggested that we make a home in zombie land?”
“It’s not the zombies that I’m worried about,” Kendra admitted.  “This is close to where I killed the cats.  The owners might be about and looking for them.”
Olga groaned. “You could have mentioned that when we stopped.”
“I thought that we were only going to rest a few minutes, not a few hours,” Kendra grumbled.
“Three hours, actually,” Felix interjected.
“It’s too late to move on now,” Olga said.  “It isn’t worth the trouble of packing up.  We’d have to stop to make camp soon.”  She heaved a sigh.  “We’ll have to hope for the best.”
She was unhappy with the turn of events, but Kendra knew that her aunt spoke the truth.  It was less than an hour from sunset.  It made no sense to continue on.
She went to the wagon and pulled out the container that she’d packed their meat into. “Let’s hang this meat next to the fire. It wasn’t completely ready to pack away and I don’t want to lose it to spoilage.” 
Felix was quick to assist her while Olga started a fire in their recently fashioned fire pit.  Her eyes nervously scanned their perimeter while she worked the fire starter.
6
With their bodies exhausted and their nerves frayed from the drama and tension of the last few days, they ate a cold, light meal of jerky and raw carrots that they washed down with pine needle tea before they called it a day alongside the setting sun.
Since the only protection they had was their make-shift lean-to, it was decided that they would take turns keeping watch for predators or zombies during the night.  The fire was reduced to glowing embers to prevent attracting attention, should there be someone or something in the vicinity, but it was warm enough in the season for them not to need a fire for comfort.
Because Kendra was rejuvenated by her extended nap, she offered to take the first watch. Her aunt and cousin were asleep before she’d managed to settle into position for her task. She watched their chests move up and down to the rhythm of their steady breathing and sighed. Regret for not dealing with Rupert in a different way consumed her. She’d grown up in that cave. It may have been small, but it was home. It provided an anchor. It was a sanctuary that offered love and gave them a sense of safety and well-being. Now, because of her, they were homeless and wandering the border of zombie land. They were at the mercy of not only the elements, but whatever predators may be about.
There was also the matter of Ari. The more she thought about it, the stranger her encounter with the young beauty seemed.  What was she doing wandering alone on the edge of zombie land? Where did she come from? Her clothes indicated that she lived a privileged life. Didn’t she also claim to have transportation?  Why was she there?  Why was she so friendly to her, having just met her? It wasn’t making sense.
Suspicions about Ari’s motives and who she really was occupied her mind right up to the time that she heard movement in the distance.  She stilled her breathing to help her hear a bit better.  Was it two legs or four approaching?  She just couldn’t tell.
After debating whether to venture out to investigate or stay where she was and wait to see if whoever or whatever was out there approached their camp, she settled on the latter.  She did, however, climb the ancient tree -that managed to continue to eke life from the depleted soil it was rooted in- that she’d been sitting beneath to hide herself. Its foliage was sparse, but, if the intruder didn’t look too closely, she figured it provided sufficient camouflage.  Since she had no idea who, what, or how many she might have to battle to protect her sleeping loved ones, the element of surprise would come in handy.
It was a warm night, but she knew that the sweat that trickled down her neck wasn’t from the heat. She’d never encountered a zombie before and she had no idea how she’d do battling it. If that’s what was making its way toward them, she hoped that her arrows would do the trick.  
She closed her eyes and reenacted her practice sessions in shooting an arrow through a dummy head in her mind. Her mouth and throat were hot and dry from nervous anticipation.
Past conversations with her aunt about zombies surfaced in her mind.  Panic threatened to consume all reason as the movement grew closer.  She did her best to focus on what she’d learned from those conversations. Her aunt had encountered a few mutants in the early years of the apocalypse. She said little about it, but Kendra could tell that whatever her aunt was forced to do had an unpleasant impact on her aunt’s soul.
She wasn’t sure what time it was, but by the position of the moon, she guessed it to be around midnight.  Looking at the moon made her realize, for the first time, how full and bright it was.  She’d been so consumed with her own thoughts that she didn’t really notice its brilliance.  How could she not?  It was so bright that it acted like a flashlight in the sky.  
It was because of its brightness that she was able to see the handsome silhouette of a man as he stealthily approached their camp.  He wore a worn out safari hat. His ears were covered by smooth, dark hair that was pulled back at the base of his neck into a long ponytail that stopped just between his shoulder blades. The look only added to his sexiness.  
Wisps of dust fell from his lightweight overcoat that came to just above his booted feet with each movement.  It hung open to expose his form fitting tee shirt and faded jeans.  Even though his clothes looked worn and slightly ragged, they hung on him as if they were tailor made for his lean muscled physique.  He looked to have the body of a runner or a swimmer.  
Her first thought was that he was a wanderer.  Someone who was constantly walking from place to place would develop the lean muscled body of an athlete.  The constant hunting for food for her family had certainly contributed to her athletic attributes.
The big question was… Was he dangerous? She just couldn’t tell.
With the patience of a skilled hunter, she raised her bow and carefully aimed the arrow at his thigh.  She’d never killed another human and she wasn’t about to start now.  She pulled the bow taught, but didn’t shoot.  Instead, she waited to see what he was going to do.  
It took considerable willpower to keep an aim on his thigh instead of focusing on his handsomely rugged face. If it was this striking in the moonlight, she could only imagine what it would be like in the light of day.
The sound of Felix coughing caught both her and the stranger’s attention. He froze in place as he waited for Felix to rise.  When he didn’t, the man cautiously picked his way across the open area to the wagon and quietly rummaged through it. She thought that he’d disturb their crated chickens, but no sound of panic from the birds could be heard.
Kendra should have shot that arrow into his thigh, but something stopped her from doing it.  Instead, she lowered her bow and watched as he reached into their food sack and pulled out a few pieces of jerky.  The way he attacked the jerky confirmed what she’d suspected.  The man was starving.  She scowled when she saw him put their water jug to his lips and practically inhale the refreshing liquid.  How long had he gone without water?
A small moan escaped his throat as he chugged away.
The moan was soft and low, but it was loud enough to reach Olga’s ever alert ears; even in slumber.  Although she sat up with a start, her movements were smooth and silent. That, combined with the fact that the man was reveling in the bliss of finally getting food and drink for his deprived body, gave her the advantage. Before he realized what was happening, she was behind him with the tip of her knife jabbed against his back.
“Get your filthy lips off our water jug,” she said in a low, but threatening tone as she pressed the blade against his flesh hard enough that, if he made a sudden move, it would slice between his rib cage.
He slowly lowered the water jug and put the cap back on.  “I don’t mean you harm, ma’am.  I’m sorry.”
Kendra practically swooned when she heard his smooth southern drawl as he voiced an apology that sounded genuine and sincere.  This wasn’t the case for Olga, who was shouting for Felix to wake up and help her.
Her cousin wasn’t as swift and silent about getting up and coming to Olga’s aid.  It took him a few seconds to get his bearings and clear his head.  Once he did, his eyes went wide at the sight of his aunt with her knife taught against a strange man’s back.
“Get the rope and tie him up,” Olga barked.
“Where’s Kendra?” Felix asked with concern as his head whirled left and right in search of her.
“The rope, Felix,” Olga said with greater force. “Now.”
Felix hurriedly limped to the wagon and pulled out the rope.  He angrily yanked the stranger’s hands behind his back.  When he was finished, he and Olga forced him to the ground so that they could also tie his ankles together before tethering him by connecting the ankle binding and the wrist binding with another rope.
“You’d better not have hurt her or you’re dead, buddy,” Felix warned as he finished tethering the man.
“I don’t know who you’re talking about,” the man said in a calm and almost peaceful tone. “I was wrong to eat your food without asking, but that’s all I did.  I have no idea who she is.”
Kendra took advantage of the fact that her aunt and cousin were focused on the camp’s intruder and climbed out of the tree as quietly as she could. She didn’t know why, but she wanted to keep the fact that she’d been watching the entire time a secret.  Maybe it was because she felt guilty for letting it get that far?  She couldn’t say.  It was just a strong feeling inside of her that she followed.
“Where were you?” Felix asked with concern.
“Who’s this?” Kendra asked, ignoring her cousin’s question.
“A thief,” Olga spat. “I caught him raiding our food stores.”
“Did he hurt anyone?” she asked, knowing full well that he didn’t.  
She took the opportunity to move closer to him.  He had sky blue eyes that reflected the moonlight; reminding her of a starry night sky.  His jaw was square and freshly shaven, which made her question her theory of him being a wanderer.  Did wanderers practice such meticulous toiletries?
His eyes captured hers in a deadlock as he said, “I apologize.  I should have introduced myself and waited for an invitation, but y’all were sound asleep and I was ravenous.  That’s no excuse, I know, but it’s the truth.” His voice was smooth and surprisingly calm, considering his circumstances.
A rush of unfamiliar excitement flooded her body from neck to groin as she struggled to gain release from the grasp of his mesmerizing orbs. She did her best to camouflage her surprise by grabbing his chin and roughly turning his face from side to side. “Are you a mutant?”
“Is he?” Felix gasped. 
“I’m not sure,” Olga replied.
“What should we be looking for?” Felix mused as he stepped closer to the helpless man.
“You have a mighty strong grip, miss,” the stranger drawled. “I fear for my jaw.”
Realizing that she’d been far more aggressive than she’d intended to be, Kendra released his jaw and stepped back. “Are you a mutant?”
 “If you’re asking if I was affected by nuclear radiation, the answer is, “yes.” 
Kendra sucked in air. “You look so normal.”
“Don’t mutants eat each other?” Felix asked with concern.
“You’re thinking of zombies,” Olga offered. “This man’s no zombie. I can assure you of that.”
The stranger smiled. “Thank you, ma’am.”
“So, how were you affected?” Kendra boldly asked. “I see no arm band on you.” 
The stranger looked at her and smiled. “Before we make introductions?”
She scowled. “What?” 
“My name is Rex Henderson. I’m twenty-six years old. I’m a widower and a wanderer.”
“I knew it,” Kendra blurted out.  “I knew you were a wanderer.”
After a moment of silence, Rex said, “Now it’s your turn to tell me your names.”
“What it is, is time for us to return to our the much needed slumber that you interrupted,” Olga said with an authorative gruffness. “I’ll take the next watch.”  She looked, accusingly, at Kendra and added, “Go finish your sleep.  That’s what you were doing when he entered the camp, right?”
Kendra looked to the ground before slinking off to the lean-to.  She could have told her aunt the truth instead of letting her think that she’d fallen asleep while on watch, but that something that stopped her before was stopping her again.
Felix was quick to follow her into the lean-to.
“Where were you?” he whispered as he lay next to her. “I couldn’t see you anywhere.”
“Go to sleep,” she said in a soft voice as she closed her eyes.
7
Kendra thought that she’d slept very little that night. So, she was surprised to discover her aunt and Rex sitting by a roaring campfire while enjoying fresh, hot pine tea and some good conversation. How did she miss her aunt getting to know him enough to trust that it was safe to release him? She’d kept one ear on the alert, hadn’t she?
“You look like a frightened rabbit,” Olga teased as Kendra slowly approached them.
“More like a frightened squirrel come down from the tree,” Rex knowingly chuckled.
“You saw me?” Kendra gasped.
“I did,” he nodded.
A scowl consumed the smooth, sun kissed flesh of her oval face, but it in no way diminished Rex’s appreciation of her beauty. “Why didn’t you say something?” Before he could answer, she raced away from the camp while informing them that she had to pee, but she’d be back in a jiffy and expected an explanation.
Olga openly laughed at Rex’s surprised look over her niece’s unabashed innocence. “She’s led an isolated life.”
“I see,” he mused as he put his cup to his lips. His eyes showed his amusement as he looked at her over its rim.
“None of us have had much contact with people since… well… you know,” she added.
He heaved a sigh. “It’s been the longest decade and a half that I could ever imagine. Yet, it passed by with surprising speed. If that makes any sense.”
“Call me crazy, but I get it,” Olga replied.
“What’s he doing untied?” Felix barked as he clumsily climbed out of the lean-to. “Why didn’t you wake me for my turn? I should have helped with the watch.”
“To tell you the truth,” Olga said with a patient smile, “I started chatting with Rex and the time just flew by.  Before I knew it, the sun was peeking over the tree tops.”
“You’re going to be too tired to go very far today,” Felix complained as he looked accusingly at Rex.
“Don’t you give him that evil stare of yours,” Olga snapped. “He’s our guest and I expect you to treat him with kindness and respect.”
“Our guest?” Felix said, incredulously. “Since when does a thief in the night deserve to be called a guest?”
Rex put his hand up to stop Olga from reprimanding Felix any further. “He’s within his rights to feel that way.  After all, I did sneak into the camp and steal food and drink.”
“That you did,” Felix said as he folded his arms over his chest. “You’re a thief.”
“That, I am,” Rex admitted. “Although, it was my first time at it.  Sheer desperation drove me to it.” Then, with a twinkle in his eye, he asked, “How’d I do?” 
“You got caught, didn’t you?” Felix snipped.
Rex nodded, “That, I did.” Then, with a chuckle, he added, “So, now I know that it’s not the profession for me.”
“Rex has been wandering this area for a few years,” Olga said with enthusiasm. “He knows where there’s an abandoned camp that might make a good homestead.”
“A camp?” Kendra said with eagerness. “Where?”
“That’s the only thing,” Rex said with obvious remorse. “It’s a few miles into zombie territory.” 
“Oh, hell no,” Felix firmly said. 
“It’s something Kendra mentioned just last night,” Olga offered as she eagerly addressed Rex. “Did you see any zombies when you went through there?”
“I can’t lie.  I did,” he admitted, “but only a few stragglers.  They tend to stay in large clusters.  You’ll find them in larger numbers deeper into the territory.”
“What did you do when you saw them?” Felix asked with genuine curiosity. “Did you kill them?  Can you kill them?”
Rex studied Felix carefully. “I’m surprised that you’re worried about them.  What, with you camping here and all.  I killed two just last week not far from here.”
Olga and Felix gasped while Kendra scowled her displeasure at Rex’s bit of information.
“Tell us about the camp,” Kendra said as she poured herself a steaming cup of tea and grabbed a sizzling piece of meat from the cast iron frying pan that rested on a rock near the flames.
“Kendra killed our breakfast,” Felix said with pride. “She’s a very adept hunter.”
“Then, I guess I was lucky that she didn’t shoot me with that arrow last night,” Rex said with a smile that sent unfamiliar chills all over Kendra’s body.
“Rex is a widower,” Olga said with sadness. “He lost his wife and two children to a band of renegade aliens a few years back.”  She slowly shook her head. “So much has changed.”
“I was ten when the bombs were set off,” Rex said with emotion. “I was the only survivor. My mother, father, and sister were near the blast.  They died within hours.  I was on a camping trip with my uncle. It was something he and I did every year for his birthday.  The radiation spread to our campsite and I was exposed, but not enough to do too much damage.”
“You said that you were affected by the radiation,” Kendra interjected. “What did it do to you?”
“Mutants aren’t supposed to breed. How did you manage to get a wife and kids?” Felix asked unsympathetically.  It was clear that he still harbored distrust and resentment toward Rex.
“I have no outward signs of damage.  I get severe stomach cramps if I eat the wrong thing and suffer from frequent, almost crippling migraines.” Rex got a faraway look in his sky blue eyes that made Olga wonder if there was more to what he was saying.
“That’s it?” Kendra said with surprise.
“Isn’t that enough?” Rex asked with a mixture of perturbed amusement.
“I just thought… I mean… I thought that mutants were deformed,” she admitted. “What you claim is wrong with you could be an ailment on anyone of us.”
“The radiation did some pretty ugly damage to a lot of people. Luckily, I’m not one of them.”  He looked at Olga and smiled. “Because of my issues with food, it’s difficult for me to find something that I can tolerate.  I consider myself blessed to have stumbled upon y’all.” Then, with mild hesitation, he asked, “You weren’t affected? I know that there were some who managed to escape contamination, but they were mainly the ones who migrated to inner earth. It’s rare to find someone on the surface who hasn’t been afflicted in some way.”
Kendra and Felix’s eyes locked on their aunt in anticipation of just how much she’d divulge to their newfound friend. She sat in silent contemplation for so long that Kendra wondered if she’d been paying attention to the conversation and if his question had even registered with her.  When she finally spoke, Kendra was actually startled to the point that she jumped a little.
“We were fortunate that my family had a bomb shelter that my grandfather built in the fifties when the threat of nuclear war first became a reality.  It was the in thing to do back then.  It was small -suitable for half a dozen people at the most- but we were lucky to have it.  We were fortunate to receive intel about the impending detonation of the nuclear bombs a few days before it actually occurred.  As a safety precaution, we crammed a few dozen friends and relatives into it.  We ended up living there for months before it was safe to venture out.  Those were miserable beginnings for the misery to follow.”
“Even though it couldn’t have been a picnic to have that many people confined in such a small living space, you were lucky,” Rex mused.
“How long do wanderers stay in one place?” Felix asked.  When Olga and Kendra simultaneously gasped at his obvious rudeness, he added, “I’m just curious. They’re called wanderers, after all.”
“I think he’s asking because he wants to know if you stayed at that abandoned camp long enough to know that it’s really abandoned,” Kendra offered. She had no idea if that’s what Felix meant, but it was a good cover up for his rude question and also something that she wanted to know.
“I stayed for a few months,” Rex said as he drained the rest of his tea from his cup.
“Can your stomach tolerate red meat?” Olga asked as she jabbed a fork into a piece of meat and offered it to Rex.
“I certainly hope so,” Rex said with an appreciative smile. “My mouth is watering from its delicious aroma.”
Seeing her aunt offer food to Rex before taking some for herself made Kendra realize her fopa when she helped herself without offering some to him.  She made a mental note to study her aunt’s interaction with Rex more carefully.  She had a lot to learn about etiquette. 
They chatted about the camp, Rex, zombies, and mutants for the next hour.  By the time they were ready to pack up camp and head out, Felix was feeling friendlier towards the new arrival to the extent that he invited him to join them.
Rex hesitated while he waited to see how Kendra and Olga would react to the offer.  When they simply went about the business of packing up.  He accepted the offer and pitched in with the packing.
Having a strong male with no noticeable physical impairment to help pull the wagon was an addition that Kendra was grateful for.  She hadn’t wanted to admit to her aunt or Felix that she not only suffered from a sprained foot, but she’d pulled a muscle in her back during Rupert’s assault. Had Rex not been there to ease the burden from her, she wasn’t sure if they’d have gotten very far without having to stop so that she could rest.
She was helping him pull the overloaded wagon up a steep hill when he noticed her favoring her right side. “You’re hurt?”
“It’s nothing,” she said in a soft voice. Then, as an afterthought, she added, “I pulled a muscle, but I don’t want to concern them with it.  Please don’t say anything.”
He nodded as he pushed her hand off the rod and assumed the job of pulling on his own. “I won’t, but only if you stop pulling.  You could do more damage.”
“It’s heavy,” she protested.
“I won’t argue with that,” he said with a grin.  
It was then that she noticed how white his teeth were. He was the second stranger that she’d encountered with beautifully white teeth. 
“Why the odd look?” he mused. “Is everything alright?”
“How do you keep your teeth so white?” she blurted out.
He gave her a look of surprise before saying, “I rub them with wild sage whenever I happen upon it.” 
“Will you show me what it looks like?” she asked with earnest.
He reached into his pocket, pulled out a folded cloth and handed it to her. “There’s some inside of this cloth.  It’s still fresh enough. I collected it yesterday.”
Kendra took the cloth from Rex and unfolded it to reveal a dozen wild sage leaves. “This?  We cook with this,” she said with surprise.
“You can also keep your teeth nice and white with it.”
“I had no idea,” she mused as she folded it back into the cloth and tucked it back into his coat pocket. “You just take a leaf and rub it on your teeth?”
“Simple, isn’t it?” he grinned.
“Amazing,” she replied just as a painful cramp shot from her injured muscle into her side, causing her to stop and double over.
“Kendra?” he bellowed with surprise and concern as he quickly positioned the wagon so that it wouldn’t roll back downhill when he let go of the rods. “Kendra, what’s wrong?”
 His arms felt strong and safe as he wrapped them around her and slowly lowered her to the ground.  Had she not been suffering from a severe cramp, she would have thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
For the briefest moment, her face was close enough to his neck for her to revel in his musky scent. It caused a pull in her abdomen that competed with the cramp.  The difference being that the pull was anything but unpleasant.
Hearing the commotion behind her, Olga turned just in time to see Rex lower Kendra to the ground.  She rushed to them, with Felix not far behind her.
“I just have a cramp, aunt,” Kendra said as Olga worriedly rushed up to her. “I’ll be fine in a minute.”
“She shouldn’t be lugging that pack on her back or pulling the wagon,” Rex blurted out. “She didn’t want to worry you, but since she’s flat on the ground and you’re worried anyway, I’m going to tell you that she’s got a pulled muscle in her back.”
“And a sprained foot,” Felix added.
Rex gave Kendra’s feet a worried look. “I’d have never guessed.”
“My niece isn’t one to complain or pamper herself,” Olga said with both worry and annoyance. “Maybe if she was, she’d be better off.”
“I’ll be fine in a minute,” Kendra insisted.
Rex reached down and boldly removed her boot. She was so shocked by his actions that she did nothing to stop him.
He let out a slow whistle at the sight of the bruise that occupied the majority of her foot. “How can you walk on this?”
Kendra shrugged. “I have no choice.”
Olga and Felix simultaneously gasped.
“I should have looked at it before we left,” Olga lamented.
“We’d have had to leave anyway,” Kendra said.
“Damn that Rupert, anyway,” Felix hissed.
“It’s my fault,” Kendra said as she fought back tears of guilt, frustration, and pain.
“I’m not following. What’s her fault?” Rex innocently asked.
Kendra’s eyes flew wide at his question. The last thing that she wanted him to know was that her own cousin had tried to rape her.  Unfortunately, Felix was quick to inform him of the incident.  Her face went scarlet as she listened to her cousin bare her secrets to Rex and the world around them.
When Felix finished, Rex took his forefinger and gently pulled her face toward his.  His eyes were narrow with emotion. “It wasn’t your fault. Rupert was wrong in what he did. It’s all on him and if I ever run into his sorry ass, he’ll pay for it.”
“I only hurt my back fighting him off,” she admitted. “I sprained my foot while hunting.”
“I see,” Rex said, thoughtfully. He stood up and looked directly into Felix’s eyes. “I know that you struggle with that foot, but do you think you could help me pull this wagon the rest of the way up this hill?”
Felix took a moment to think before nodding.
“Good,” Rex said with a smile. “Take off your pack and put it in the wagon.  Take Kendra’s and put it in it too. It will help you move and, with the two of us pulling, that bit of extra load won’t make much of a difference.”
“I don’t know why I didn’t think of that before,” Olga said. “Sometimes my brain just won’t work right.”
“From the sound of things, you were under a good deal of pressure to get your niece away from there and to safety,” Rex offered. “I wouldn’t be so hard on myself if I were you.”
8
Felix proved to be a greater help than even he could imagine.  More than once, Rex praised him for his show of strength and stamina as they battled their way up the steep hillside with the heavily laden wagon.  
Olga worriedly monitored their progress, but said nothing. She’d overprotected her nephew because of his deformity for his entire life.  She could see now that it wasn’t a necessary thing to have done.  
Felix was born while they were huddled together like eggs in an egg carton in the bomb shelter. The birth was a long and complicated one. It resulted in a damaged foot for him and death for his mother.  Having assisted with the birthing, Olga carried a heavy guilt over what had happened.  It didn’t matter that none of them were trained for such an event and that they’d managed to save Felix even if they couldn’t save his mother.  She kept wondering if someone else in the group might have done it better.
Because of Felix’s age, Olga was careful to keep him away from those who might assume that his club foot was a result of nuclear contamination while in the womb.  He was deformed due to a birthing incident and lack of sufficient medical care. He was not a mutant.  She’d kept this worry from him while they lived in the cave and wondered if she should confess it now that they were relocating into a foreign territory. Felix was an innocent teenager who’d led a fairly isolated life. He had no idea of the true dangers and cruelties that awaited mutants in the world outside of their nucleus, just as he had no idea that he could easily be mistaken for a mutant. Seeing how well that he stepped up to and handled the responsibilities being placed upon him, she wondered if it might be time to warn him of these possibilities.
They camped one more night without mishap before they braved their way deeper into zombie land. They reached the abandoned camp in mid-afternoon.  Although tempted to rush in and explore the various buildings on the site, they hung back and observed to make sure that there were no unexpected occupants. 
Olga’s eyes surveyed the property with both approval and curiosity. “This is one impressive camp. The buildings look to be in great shape. I can’t understand why it’s abandoned. Is there something wrong with the soil?”
“From what I determined while staying here,” Rex offered, “the place was used as a health resort.  I’m assuming they left because of the zombie threat.  I imagine anyone who could afford to come here had money.  They’re probably safely tucked away in middle earth.”
“Hmm.  Middle earth,” Olga mused. “That’s a nice term.”
Rex raised a brow. “What do you call it?”
“I haven’t given it much thought, but when I think of it, I think center of the earth.  I like middle earth better.”
Rex smiled. “I think it’s safe to go in.”
Olga left Felix and Kendra with the wagon while she and Rex investigated each of the six buildings on the grounds.  
Kendra leaned against the wagon as she watched them disappear into the largest building.  Admiring its thick log siding, she could see why Rex would call the place a camp instead of a resort. The log buildings blended in with the raw landscape in a way that made it look like they belonged there just as much as the sparse patches of grass, rocks, and trees that surrounded them did.  She could just imagine how the wildlife must have meandered the grounds during dawn and dusk feedings before the war brought life as they knew it to a halt.  It must have been a hunter’s paradise.
She sighed with satisfaction when Olga stepped out onto the porch of the main building and beckoned for her and Felix to join them. She was tired and her foot was getting worse.  Had the place been uninhabitable for any reason, she just didn’t know if she’d have been able to move on.  The pulled muscle in her back was given a reprieve when Rex insisted that she carry nothing at all, but she still needed time off of her foot to let it heal.  As she and Felix limped together toward their waiting aunt, she inspected him with her peripheral vision. He was clearly tired.  Dog tired, in fact. It wasn’t just her who needed some down time.
The inside of the cabin was roomy enough to fit the cave that she’d been raised in inside of it five times over.  She was practically speechless as her aunt gave her a tour of the kitchen and great room. There was a large, dark pine harvest table on one side of the room nearest the kitchen. An overstuffed sofa with upholstery that sported a wildlife pattern and two coordinating chairs were strategically placed on the opposite side of the room next to a fireplace.  They were positioned so that the occupants could look out through the enormous, thermal paned picture window onto the center of the camp grounds.  A coffee table and end tables, a floor lamp, a table lamp, and a few area rugs completed the look. Although covered in dust, she could still appreciate the wood floor that ran the length of the house. 
“There are enough solar panels out back to power up the entire camp, but they aren’t connected,” Rex offered.
“Rupert was our solar wiz,” Felix said with a frown.
“As am I,” Rex said light heartedly.  “I connected enough to keep the lights on in here when I stayed before.  I’ll get all of them up and running in due time. For right now, let’s get that wagon emptied and settle in for the night, shall we?”
Kendra was in awe as she continued to tour the main house. She marveled over the enormous bathroom with its tub and shower. A slight gasp, followed by a giggle escaped her when Rex informed her that she’d soon be able to soak in the deep tub.
Olga had described her home before the war on many occasions, but it had seemed abstract until now.
“You lived like this?” Kendra said with an awed whisper.
Olga put her hands on her hips and nodded.  “Better than this.”
A single tear slid down Kendra’s cheek. “How hard it must be for you, aunt. I’m so sorry.”
Olga shrugged. “It’s been hard for all of us.”
Kendra vigorously shook her head.  “You can’t miss what you never had.  Felix and I never had this.  How were you able to continue on?”
“Did I have a choice?” Olga asked with a thick, emotional voice. “Anyway, after being crammed into that bomb shelter with a few dozen smelly bodies for the better part of a year, the cave was a palace.” 
“What type of home did we have before the cave? How did my mother and father live?” 
Olga looked at her with surprise. “This is the first you’ve asked that.”
“It never occurred to me before.”
Olga pulled Kendra into a hug and rested her chin on the top of her head. “Your parents weren’t rich, but the family was well off enough that we could afforded to migrate to the center of the earth alongside the wealthy ones.  The house you were born into was large with every possible amenity.  When your parents build our settlement, we still had a good number of perks.  It was one of the advantages of having a family full of scientists.” 
“I thought that only my parents were the scientists,” Olga mused.
“Your parents were the ones who were involved with the government’s germ warfare program, but you had two uncles and an aunt who were also scientists. There was also a mechanic and a refrigerator/air-conditioning repair man amongst us.”
“They were all taken?” she asked, knowing full well that they had been, but still needed her aunt to confirm that fact.” 
“All of them,” Olga said with a nod.
“Did you have a profession before the war?”
Olga chuckled. “You’re full of curiosities all of the sudden.”  When Kendra remained expectantly silent, she sighed. “I was the third scientist.”
Kendra grinned. “So, that’s why you’re so good at mixing things.”
Olga grinned and started down the hall. “You’ll be having your own bedroom here. Do you think you’ll like that?”
9
Ari scowled as she kicked at the rocks that made up the well-used fireplace.   Cold ashes billowed a few feet into the air before settling on and around her boots.
“You should have followed her home that day,” Baelil complained.
“I don’t know what good coming back here does,” Ari moaned.  “It’s been weeks.”
“I just thought that we should keep an eye on the place.  Maybe she’ll return.  You never know.”
“You’re right,” Ari sighed. “You’re always right. I shouldn’t have come home that day. I should have followed her. I just didn’t see the urgency. I also thought that maybe, if she met you, she’d warm up to us better. Never in a million years did it enter my mind that meeting me would spook her so much that she’d pack up and move.”
“I just sent for Denai. She should be here soon,” Baelil said in a tone meant to sooth and assure his sister as he slipped an electronic texting device into his pocket.
“What a great idea,” Ari said with renewed enthusiasm.  “Why did we wait so long to call her in?” 
Denai was a renown psychic whose success ratio of finding lost people and objects was almost one-hundred percent. She stumbled into the surface Center World three years earlier.  It took her almost a year to earn their trust. It was when a toddler went missing and the fear of a zombie or mutant getting her consumed the entire community that Denai stepped forward and used her abilities to find her in record time.  After that, Denai was not only accepted, but she was a revered member of the community.
Ari’s feelings for Denai were more than just respect and admiration for a woman with a talent.  From the moment her emerald green eyes took in Denai’s exotic ebony flesh as it reflected the sun’s rays and then locked with her coal black eyes that looked like they’d come from another world, she was lost in love.  Unfortunately, either Denai was straight or she was clueless because she seemingly ignored all of Ari’s subtle hints.
The knowledge of Danai’s impending arrival made Ari painfully aware of the soot she’d acquired on her boots and shins from expressing her frustration by kicking the ashes about. She remembered seeing a rag inside the cave and quickly fetched it. Once back in the sunlight, she did her best to brush the soot from her boots with the tattered rag.  
She was about to saturate the rag with water to complete the clean-up process when Baelil asked in a manner that bordered on panic, “Where did you get that rag?” 
Ari’s hand froze in mid-motion. “What’s the matter?”
“Denai needs objects with Kendra’s energy in them to scry for her with. You’ve just mixed your own into that rag.”
“No!” Ari bellowed as she tossed the rag in mortification. “I’m so sorry.  Do you think that I totally screwed things up?  Can’t she still pick up on Kendra even with my energy in the mix?”
“Is there anything else that she can use?” Baelil asked with a hopeful tone.
Ari raced back into the cave and looked around for something that might have been handled on a regular basis by Kendra or one of her companions.  She wasn’t certain that there actually were companions, but it made sense that there would be.  The cave was in a hidden and isolated location and Kendra looked to be in her late teens. It would be a rare thing indeed for her to be living alone in a place of this nature.  Her heart pounded against her ribcage as she cursed herself for her own stupidity.  Not only had she jeopardized their chance to find Kendra, but what would Denai think of her when she learned of her stupidity?
The sound of horses approaching caught her attention. “I think she’s here,” she gasped, more to herself than to Baelil.
Baelil climbed onto a large boulder and looked off into the distance. “Sound really travels in these parts.  I had no idea. No wonder she chose this hovel as a home.  It’s practically impossible to sneak up on it.  Denai is still at the base of the hill.”
“Seriously?”  Ari said as she climbed up onto the boulder next to her brother. “That’s unbelievable.”
She sucked in air and her abdomen contracted with desire as she looked down on the six foot tall ebony beauty sitting astride one of the most powerful Black Friesian horses Ari had ever encountered.  It’s sleek, ebony coat was a perfect match for Denai’s own rich flesh.  Its size made Ari’s own Arabian mare look like a Shetland pony next to it.  The colorful turban atop Denai’s shapely head added to the illusion of someone of stately importance -perhaps even royalty- approaching.
Baelil noticed his sister’s excited breathing, but he made no comment on it.  He was hoping that the crush that she had on Denai would become a passing fancy.  Ari was young; having only recently celebrated her seventeenth birthday.  She’d had no crushes up until that point so, of course her first time would be powerful.
If Ari wasn’t simply experiencing an acute infatuation with Denai, it would be not only a sad situation, but a dangerous one.  Although Center Land Village managed to keep themselves hidden and unknown to the new world regime, their society had adopted some of the new laws that were formed for the preservation and regeneration of mankind.  This included reproduction.  Because of its necessity for the survival of their species, acts of homosexuality and lesbianism were strictly prohibited and punishable by law. There were no exceptions.  
He could tell by the way Denai watched Ari from the corner of her eye that she was aware of Ari’s attraction to her.  He could also feel the strong pheromones that Denai emitted whenever Ari was around.  He had no doubt that in a different world and under different circumstances, the highly sexual ebony beauty would act upon Ari’s not-so-subtle invitations, even if it was only on a physical level and not of the heart.  He also had no doubt that she’d toss Ari aside as soon as she’d taken what she wanted from her.  Denai was revered for her psychic abilities and the services that she performed for the community, but he wasn’t blind to her dark side.  She was human, after all.
When a sigh escaped Ari’s lips, Baelil spouted one of the cruelest things he could to his sister in an attempt to make her understand the futility of allowing such an attraction to take hold and bloom. 
“Max lay with Denai this month.  He says she’s a goddess in bed; strong, skillful, and demanding.  We’re waiting to see if he impregnated her.  If he didn’t, I think I’ll have a go.  I already put my name on the list.”
His heart ached when he saw how watery his sister’s eyes became at his admitting to being registered to have sex with Denai.  He knew that she was aware of the fact that he was part of the breeding program, but he’d never openly spoken about it or who he was paired with for the month.  It wasn’t his way to do so. It’s just that he was desperate to keep his sister from foolishly letting people see that she had a powerful crush on another woman.  It would only end badly.  Not just for Ari, but for Denai as well.
He squared his shoulders as he told himself not to feel bad about what he’d just done. It was a necessary evil to avoid a more powerful evil.  He hopped off of the boulder and made ready to greet Denai and Max.
10
Denai was riding directly into the sun’s glaring rays.  She leaned forward in the saddle -far enough to take advantage of the shadows cast by the leaves of the few trees that had managed to regain enough life in them to produce a decent foliage cap- in hopes of getting a more focused look at the couple standing on the boulder. If she was seeing correctly, it was Baelil and his sister, Ari.
 A low moan of displeasure escaped her lips, but she was careful to subdue it before it grew loud enough to attract the attention of Max, who she’d asked to accompany her on the three hour journey there.
“I see Baelil,” Max said as he pulled his equally powerful horse up beside Danai’s Black Friesian beast.  “It looks like his sister’s with him.”
“She’s the one who met up with the girl a few weeks back,” Danai muttered.
Max shook his head. “Yet, here we are.  It just goes to show that you shouldn’t send a kid to do a grownup’s job.”
Denai chuckled. “Ari is hardly a kid.”
“She’s not yet a woman, either,” Max grumbled.  “I’m just saying that they gave her too much responsibility. Had any of us met up with the girl and she refused to come, we’d have the strength and wherewithal to drag her back by her hair if need be. That little blonde slip of a thing wouldn’t stand a chance.”
Denai shrugged.  “I get the feeling she can do more than you might think.”
“Well, what she didn’t do was bring the girl back.” 
 Denai sighed. “No.  She didn’t.”
Max looked long and hard at Ari.  “Maybe she should quit this work and do something useful like become a breeder. She’s old enough, after all.  Although, she’s just a slip of a thing.  I’d be afraid of splitting her in half.  Not to mention that hair.   Between those tiny breasts and that butch hairdo, I’d be afraid I was breeding her brother.”
Denai ignored is comment as she urged her horse up the hill.  The two rode in silence until they reached the small plateau where the cave was located.  Although the sun beat down upon the landscape, the air felt tolerable and balanced.
Max looked about him as he hopped off his mount and then grabbed the reins from Denai while she dismounted.  “Son of a gun.  Look over there. Is that a garden?”
Ari moved toward them. “It’s been picked fairly clean, but there are still a few plants with something on their vine. My brother and I helped ourselves.” She smiled at Max. “There isn’t enough to harvest and bring home, but certainly enough to treat yourself.”
“Don’t mind if I do,” Max eagerly said as he hurriedly hobbled the horses and then headed for the garden.
Denai looked around. “Primitive, but nice. I could live here.”
“It’s isolated,” Ari said as she moved as close to Denai as she dared without being too obvious. “I’d get lonely.”
“Hey, you,” Baelil said in a low, almost sensual tone as he came out of the cave carrying a singed wooden spoon. He stopped just inches from Denai and looked her directly in the eyes. It was easy to do since they were of a similar height. He held her gaze for a brief moment while reveling in the pheromones that she so freely emitted before raising his hand to show her the spoon. “I found this. Maybe it will help.”
Denai smiled seductively at Baelil.  She knew that Ari was watching. That was part of the reason that she did it.  She didn’t need the complications that would come her way if she was thought to be a lesbian or even a woman who swung both ways.  The other reason was that she’d learned that Baelil had placed himself on the breeding list. She’d heard about his prowess in the bedroom and was eager to experience it for herself. She hoped that she hadn’t conceived yet.  She’d know in a few days. If she hadn’t, she fully intended to move him up on the list.  She had that right.  Since she decided to do her share to help bring humanity back into power and entered the breeding program, she’d accepted whoever was sent to her; knowing that every male she coupled with had been thoroughly examined to assure a healthy and strong offspring. This would be the first time that she made an adjustment to the order of male partners.
Ari didn’t miss the way Denai’s long fingers lingered against her brother’s strong ones as she took the spoon from his grasp. She wanted to cry, but knew better.  She also knew that her feelings for Denai were forbidden and could bring a slew of unpleasant and possibly painful repercussion on her, but she couldn’t help her heart. She did her best to disguise her pain as she babbled about the landscape and what it must have been like for Kendra to live there.  Since her brother’s eyes were locked on Denai and Denai’s eyes were closed in concentration, she doubted either of them heard or even cared about what she was saying.
“I don’t need the spoon.  Their energy is embedded in this place so deep it will take centuries to clear out.  There were several people living here,” she said. “There was an argument. A very intense one that include violence.” She opened her eyes and moved toward the southern edge of the plateau. “One – a male- went this way.  He was angry.”  Then, she walked to the east side of the plateau. “Two women and a male went this way.  They were on foot and moving slow from their burdens. One of them was injured. A foot, I believe.”
“Kendra hurt her foot the day I met her,” Ari offered.
Denai nodded, but said nothing.
“Since it’s the girl we’re after, we’ll go this way,” Baelil said as he unhobbled his horse and made ready to mount.
“Right now?” Ari asked with dismay.
His annoyance with his sister was clear when Baelil said, “You can go back with Denai and Max, if you want.”
She thought for a moment and then shook her head. “You’ll need me to identify her.”
Baelil mounted his horse and urged it forward. “Then, let’s go.”
“Do you want me to come as well?” Max asked as he eyed Ari with disapproval.
Baelil would have welcomed Max’s assistance, but he knew the importance of him seeing Denai safely home again.  So, he thanked him for the offer and then reminded him of his duty.  
Max heaved a sigh of resignation.  “We only just arrived and we’re headed back again. It hardly seems worth the trip.”
“It’s testimony to Denai’s skills,” Ari said with pride.
Denai smiled at Ari and then moved close enough to Max for their bodies to touch. “I could use a little time out of that saddle.”
Max’s eyes half closed and his nostrils flared. He had only a few days left to his month of bedding her. Taking her in the soft grass of the plateau was a suitable consolation for not being able to accompany Baelil on his hunt for the girl.  
Ari’s lower lip trembled as she did her best to hold back the tears of heartache as she watched Denai and Max unabashedly disrobe before falling to the ground in a lover’s grasp.  Her eyes locked on Denai’s pert, dark nipple as Max took it into his mouth with a gusto that made Denai’s back arch while she moaned with delight.  She gasped with surprise at the unusual pull in her groin that occurred as she watched Max bury his head between Denai’s strong, shapely thighs.
“Ari,” Baelil hissed. “Look ahead and come on.”
“That will be you next month,” Ari pouted.
Baelil placed his hand on his chest and said, “One can hope.”
11
Kendra sat in the library with the book, The Hobbit, opened on her lap. When Rex had first shown the room that was lined with books to her, she’d been both intimidated and overwhelmed. She was taught to read by Olga, but the availability of reading material was limited.  Therefore, her reading skills were wanting.
To add to her frustration. Rex had been raised around enough books that he was a very adept reader.  For the first few days, he had to coax her into the library and then convince her to explore the inventory. Eventually her insecurity and humiliation over her poor reading skills were replaced by an enthusiasm and notable improvement in her ability to decipher the meanings of the words on a page.  Within a few weeks, her companions were hard pressed to pull her nose out of a book.
The fact that the library was a complete literary treasure trove only added to the situation. Where she stood in intimidated confusion while fearful to tackle one of the many books that lined the shelves upon their arrival, she now coveted each as if it was her own and was determined to devour every copy in its entirety. 
Olga was kept busy with the day to day duties of the head of the family and Felix had no interest in reading, but Rex joined her often.  Soon, she was so comfortable in his company that she began to look for it. To her surprise, instead of easing up whenever Rex came around, the pull in her abdomen grew stronger.  
She’d considered discussing this with Olga, but then thought better of it.  She was not versed in matters of love or even male/female attraction, but she was smart enough to know that whatever was happening inside of her was a result of her attraction to him.  The problem was that he showed no signs of being attracted to her in the least.  Sure, he was friendly and kind, but he looked at her and talked to her like a brother would a sister. Because of this, Kendra was careful to keep her feelings hidden. 
She stared out of the window at the pitiful looking tree line that marked the edge of the grounds. It contained more dead trees than live ones, but there was still enough foliage to create a type of canopy to provide a bit of relief from the sun’s intense rays. 
Rex, Felix, and Olga had started to cut down trees that had suffered beyond the point of return to build a fence for the purpose of securing the place from any walking corpses that may be about. Rex also pointed out that, by removing the dead trees, the living ones would have a better chance of flourishing. His knowledge of such things impressed both Olga and Felix more and more with each passing day.
Kendra felt a slight pang of guilt over the fact that she hadn’t been out to help them. Her aunt, cousin, and Rex had all insisted that she needed to stay off of her foot in order for it to heal correctly. 
Once they’d settled in on the night that they arrived, Olga had insisted upon checking its condition.  After putting a poultice on it, followed by a snug wrap, her lamentations for not tending to it and making Kendra walk several days on it could be heard for hours.
Her foot had been completely healed for several days, but she’d been selfish and said nothing. She’d experienced what it was like to relax, read, and simply enjoy life for the first time in her seventeen years and she wasn’t eager to give it up.  She looked, longingly, at the wall of books that she’d yet to read and then back out at the tree line where Rex and Olga were pounding a post into the soil that was made overly resistant from being sunbaked. Felix was laboriously making his way up the tree line as he struggled to drag one of the logs that they’d felled the day before to them. It was much thinner than the posts, but also much longer.  Even from a distance, she could see his muscles straining to get the job done.
She stood up and took a deep breath.  Her little reprieve from such a harsh life was at an end. It was time that she stopped hiding behind an injury that was no more and did her share.
As she set her book onto the end table, she spotted someone moving along the edge of the clearing to the left of Rex and Olga.  She squinted her eyes to get a better look.  It was a man, but he was holding his body in an odd manner. Racing to the great room, she grabbed a pair of binoculars that hung ready for use on a hook near the picture window and peered through them. 
The oversized window in the great room gave her a better angle to look from. That, plus the assistance of the binoculars, allowed her to scrutinize the man’s face.  Her blood ran cold when she saw the lifeless eyes and odd colored flesh.  This had to be a zombie.  She didn’t have to have experience in what they looked like to know that this was one.
Her heart scrambled up her throat to the point that her breathing was impaired.  She forced herself to calm down before she hyperventilated and passed out.  The zombie was close enough for Olga to notice by the time Kendra had regained control of her faculties and was able to grab her bow and arrows and run out to the porch.
 She couldn’t hear their words as Olga tapped Rex on the shoulder and pointed to the zombie, but she didn’t have to hear them to know that her aunt was in a panic to get to safety.  The two dropped what they were doing and raced back to the protection of the house.  Unfortunately, neither of them had noticed Felix struggling with the log until they were on the porch next to Kendra.   They shouted for Felix to drop the log and run to the house, but when he saw the zombie, he panicked and fell back with the log pinning his leg beneath it.
Kendra screamed Felix’s name as the zombie moved in his direction.  She was surprised at how quickly it gained ground.  For some reason, she expected it to move at a snail’s pace.  Instead, it displayed steady forward movement at a pace that was somewhere between meandering and speed walking.
Her hands trembled as she loaded her bow and aimed.
“You’re too far away,” Olga cried as she watched Kendra release the arrow.
Although it reached the zombie, it didn’t hit its mark; landing in the ground a few inches behind the lumbering creature. Kendra swore beneath her breath and wiped at the nervous sweat on her brow with her sleeve before loading another arrow. She hopped to the bottom of the porch steps and forced her trembling hands to shoot another arrow.  Once again, it missed its mark. 
While Kendra loaded her bow for the third time, Rex raced past her toward Felix and the zombie.  Olga bellowed for Rex to stop. She and her wards were immune to the virus and needed only to be careful of being eaten by the creatures.  That wasn’t the case for Rex. If he was bitten while saving Felix, there’d be no helping him.
“It’s going to eat me!” Felix screamed with terror. “Don’t let it eat me!”
Rex was almost where he could tackle the zombie when another of Kendra’s arrows whizzed past his head.  He ducked and then stopped short as the arrow pierced the zombie’s temple.  The walking corpse fell just a few inches away from Felix.
Felix’s voice was high pitched and panicked as he begged for Rex to hurry and get the log off of him.  He closed his eyes and tried to shut out the image of the dead zombie as it lay next to him, but he feared it was burned into his memory forever.
Kendra reached Felix in record time to help Rex pull the log off of his leg.  He was unable to stand on his own, so Rex wrapped Felix’s arm around his shoulder to assist him. Kendra would have done the same, but her lack of height made it impossible. Instead, she slid her body beneath his arm and leaned into him to help support him while they quickly made their way back to the main house.
Even during such chaos, Kendra’s skill with a bow, her strength, stamina, and fearlessness didn’t go unappreciated by Rex. He found that they only added to the appeal of this beautiful young woman.  More than once, he’d wished that he had the courage to express to her how he felt, but her words and behavior whenever they were together convinced him that it was a one sided attraction. So, he kept his desires and his complements to himself.
Olga waited at the foot of the porch steps to relieve Kendra of her share of the burden.  The fact that she was closer to Rex in height and strong in her own right made aiding Felix up the steps an easy feat.
Free to look around, Kendra carefully surveyed the trees for signs of more zombies.  Seeing no more, she grabbed her bow and arrow from the floor where she’d set it down before running to help Rex with Felix and followed them inside.
She secured her bow and arrows on the wall mount and then waited to make sure that Felix would be alright before going back onto the porch and allowing her body to finally give in to the stress and trauma of what just occurred.
As she sat on the top step, she was trembling so much by the time Rex joined her on the porch that it was impossible to stop.  She sat on her hands in an attempt to hide it as best she could, but there was little that she could do to get her body to relax and not give her away.
He sat down next to her, but said nothing as he scoped the tree line. She wanted to scream about what a horrific experience it had been to shoot an arrow through the skull of a human.  It didn’t matter that the man was technically already dead.  She was still shooting an arrow through someone’s skull to kill it.  Not for food.  Just to kill.  
She sat next to him in tortured silence until he finally said, “I think that was the only one.” he finally said.
“G-good,” she managed through chattering teeth.
He looked at her as if seeing her for the first time since he stepped out onto the porch and sat down. “Are you alright?”
“No,” she said in a flat tone. “I just shot a man in the head with an arrow.”
His eyes softened and he put his arm around her shoulder.  He pulled her close enough for her to burrow her face into his chest while he rested his chin on the top of her head. “It gets easier.”
She vigorously shook her head. “I doubt that.”
“It’s kill or be killed, my beautiful Kendra,” he said as he took her face in his hands and looked into her eyes. “You have to be the bravest woman I’ve ever met. Do you know that?”
“I’m not brave,” she whimpered. “It took me three tries to take that thing down.  Felix could have died.”
“But, he didn’t.”  Rex studied her watery brown eyes a bit longer before pulling her head back to his chest and enfolding her in his arms.  After a long moment of silence, he said, “So, if you were brave you would have only had to use one arrow?”
“Of course,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone.
He gently pushed her from him so that he could stand up.  Holding his hand out for her to take so that he could help her to her feet, he said, “Show me.”
Kendra looked both surprised and annoyed. “I have to prove myself?” 
“Not at all.  I’m impressed and want to see.”
She thought for a moment and then strode back into the house to fetch her bow.
“Are you okay?” Olga asked as she watched her niece snatch her bow and arrows from their place on the wall and turn on her heels to leave again.
“His majesty wants a show,” Kendra grumbled.
“I beg your pardon?” Olga snickered.  She’d seen the way Rex looked at her niece, even if Kendra was clueless to it.  She was certain that he was seeking a means to be alone with her and not an archery display. This pleased Olga.  Kendra was a young woman in a world where women less in age than her were pairing up and replenishing the human population.  It wasn’t that she wanted to see Kendra enter into a breeding program, but she was certainly old enough to fall in love with a handsome man and couple with him when the time was right.  Rex was certainly handsome.  To add to that, he was strong, brave, kind, caring, and intelligent.  Kendra couldn’t have found better if she’d placed an order in a mate catalogue. 
Olga subdued the grin of approval that tugged at her mouth.  It wouldn’t do to let on that she was aware of something that her niece was not. “By his majesty, you mean Rex?”  When Kendra stopped with her hand on the doorknob and nodded, she said, “Then, by all means. Give the man a show.  There is a pile of cast out furniture, and such behind the buildings out back. I’m sure you can find a suitable target amongst them.” 
“Sure,” Kendra muttered as she pulled the door closed behind her.
12
Kendra walked past Rex with her head held so high that she didn’t notice the look of amused anticipation on his strong, handsome face. He waited for her to get a few yards ahead of him before he stepped off of the porch to follow her.  He was startled to see the look of approval on Olga’s face as she watched from the window as he disappeared behind the house.  Was that look because of her pride in Kendra’s prowess with a bow? Or, was there something more behind it?
He’d grown close to Olga and considered her a friend.  Even so, he’d shied away from discussing his feelings for her niece. After all, Olga was more like a mother than an aunt and, therefore, was protective of Kendra like a mother would be.  He wasn’t worried about her rejecting him because of the nuclear exposure that he’d experienced as a youth.  He didn’t consider the bit of damage that it did to his digestive and neurological system enough to justify him being labeled and treated as a mutant.  He knew, first hand, that he was able to produce healthy, whole, and normal children since both of his were perfect during their short, precious lives. 
It was that he wasn’t sure how she’d feel about a man who was almost a decade older than her niece, had fathered two children, and who was already a widower desiring Kendra in a romantic way. He knew that, in this changed world, men much older than he were members of the breeding pools and were impregnating girls as young as fourteen, but he also knew that Olga wasn’t sold on the idea of young girls being used like breeding stock.  It was a topic that they’d had many a long discussion and agreed on.  
She understood the need to repopulate the planet with healthy humans, but she did not approve or agree with the enforcement of girls who were once considered underage and jail bait into the program. She came from a pre-apocalyptic world where a girl wasn’t considered old enough to marry and/or couple with a man until her eighteenth birthday.  Sure, it was done, but it was frowned upon and, in some places, illegal.  Rex knew that, although this new breeding practice was put into place by the new alien regime, there were still people who managed to keep their sons and daughters out of the radar and free of it.  Olga’s family wasn’t alone in that matter.
He knew that he could have kept the fact that he was a widower who’d had children who were taken -and likely eaten- by rogue aliens from them, but it wasn’t in his nature to lie.  To Rex, withholding information of such magnitude was a form of lying. 
It was completely out of his character to slip into their camp like he did that first night. He’d been wandering for a few days after encountering a small band of mutants who had robbed him of his food and hunting equipment. The night that he slipped into their camp, he was hungry, thirsty, tired, and desperate.  When Olga showed him genuine warmth and compassion, his out of character behavior was magnified and it sickened him. Not only did he see the benefits and advantages of traveling with a small group, but he felt an instant kinship to them that made him realize just how lonely he’d become.  He missed his family and longed to be a part of one again.  He made up his mind to never do something dishonest again, no matter the circumstances.  That included truthfully answering all questions asked of him and let things fall as they may.  Hence, he admitted to his past as a family man, as well as his childhood nuclear exposure.  
Of course, none of it would be of significant importance if he wasn’t now longing for Kendra.  If he’d just stayed a family friend and member of their group, he’d have no worries.  The question was, could he manage that?  The attraction to Kendra was getting stronger and harder to resist with each passing day.
By the time he caught up with Kendra behind the small utility buildings, she’d managed to pull an overstuffed chair cushion from the pile of discarded furniture and was setting it up as a target.
“Let me do that for you,” Rex said as he rushed to take it from her slender hands.  
Kendra sucked in air while she did her best to hide her reaction to his nearness and his touch when his hands grazed hers while taking possession of the chair cushion.  She fervently hoped that he didn’t catch the involuntary shudder of delight that swept through her.  The tenseness in her abdomen made it difficult to nonchalantly walk the necessary paces away from the target that he was setting up to adequately show off her skills.  She vied for time to give her body a chance to normalize by fiddling with her long, dark hair; taking the time to braid it under the pretext of getting it out of her way.
When he’d secured the target, Rex moved back and patiently waited. He was almost mesmerized by the action of her adept fingers as she blindly put the hair that he longed to bury his nose into until he’d memorized its scent in a neat, tight, braid. He could feel the telltale signs of his emotions growing stronger in his groin so he paced, in an effort to keep them at bay.  He often thought how unfair it was that a man’s needs were clear to the world while a woman could keep hers secret.  
“Okay, my beauty, are you ready to show me your stuff?” he called out.
Although she gave no reaction to his words, Kendra noted that was the second time he’d called her beautiful that day. Did he mean it? Or, was it simply a term of endearment that he’d heard Felix using and was just repeating it?  She couldn’t tell.
Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes to take her mind off Rex and focus on the target.
“Are you sure that’s close enough?” he called out with a hint of amusement in his voice.
His teasing hit her pride button and she backed up a few feet further.  Then, before he could taunt her even more, she let loose the arrow.  It hit just a half inch to the left of the bulls eye that Rex had put in the center of the target.
He vigorously applauded while smiling from ear to ear with the pride one might show for a loved one who’d done well in a competition of some sort.  She couldn’t help reacting to his enthusiasm with a grin.  
“I can hit the bullseye,” she called out.  “I was just warming up.”
He bowed low and made a sweeping motion with his arm toward the target to indicate for her to show him. In control of her body once again, she giggled to herself while she backed up a few more feet. 
Rex showed his faith in her aim by standing fairly close to the target.  He stayed silent as his eyes took in the sight of the muscles of her strong, lean arm as they worked to control the bow.  A mixture of athletic power and feminine beauty, Kendra’s petite, perfect shape was a vision to behold.  Her shoulders and back were lean and strong, making her perky, well-developed breasts appear even larger than they were. Her shirt was light enough to show the outline of the tips of her nipples as her forearm disturbed her breast while pulling back on the taught string. Her waist looked to be a perfect ten inches smaller than her muscled hips that rested just above equally muscular thighs.  If she had the height, she could easily be an Amazon warrior woman.  What appealed to him most was the fact that she clearly had no idea how lovely she was. She was neither aware of it or worried about it.  She presented herself with an air that stated that she was who she was and the devil take anyone who didn’t like it.
While he was admiring her perfection, Kendra was doing her best not to let him see that she was taking in every inch of him as he stood near the target that she was walking toward to retrieve her arrows from.  He stood at least ten inches above her in height.  She’d burned the feel of his lean, muscular chest, and musky scent into her memory from when he’d held her to comfort her.  She’d taken advantage of his nearness and placed her hand on his thigh under the ruse of needing balance while standing up so she knew, first hand, that he had rock hard, powerful legs. Although he’d wrapped her in his arms in a comforting way, she could also feel the solid power of his arms as he held her. Even though his chest was like a rock, it felt comforting and inviting enough for her to never want to leave it.  
She filled her lungs with air during the final steps toward him and let it out long and slow.  This man did things to her that had to be shameful.  Even so, she wanted to experience more with him.  If only he wanted it too. 
She was so preoccupied with thoughts of Rex and what it would be like to have him hold her in his arms and kiss her that she didn’t see the rut in the ground.  The toe of her boot dipped into it just enough to knock her off balance.  With nothing to hold onto, she fell forward onto her face.  Mortified, she lay still.
“Kendra,” he gasped as he rushed to her side.  He fell to his knees, placed his strong hands on her shoulders, and carefully sat her up.  Brushing the dirt from her cheek, he asked, “Are you okay?”
His deep and throaty words were so filled with emotion that she found it impossible to hold back her tears of humiliation. Seeing the tears slide down her cheeks, he pulled her close and began kissing her temple.  She clung to him with a type of desperation that she’d never felt before as she turned her face so that her lips were more accessible.  As if on cue, his lips consumed hers in a kiss so deep and so hot that it took her breath away.
Her entire body was on fire by the time he released her enough for her to catch her breath.  As he started to release her, she clung to him tighter; silently telling him what she was unable to say aloud.
Understanding her need because it was a need that he too suffered, he swept her into his arms and stood.  She knew his legs to be powerful, but she didn’t expect him to be able to stand from a kneeling position while holding her in his arms. She choked on the emotions that welled within her from the realization of just how perfect he was.
He rushed to the nearest building and kicked open the door.  The door didn’t suffer, since it was unlatched, but she doubted he would have cared even if it had.  As he gently lowered her to a standing position, he pushed her back against the wall and kissed her once again.  She could hear a throaty moan escape her as his hands slid beneath her shirt and explored her breasts.  Her tongue explored his mouth with an urgency that excelled as his fingers played with her hardened nipple.
Lost in the moment, she grew bold and pulled her shirt high enough to expose her breasts in an obvious invitation.  She shuddered as his kisses slid down her throat until they reached their destination.  Her back arched as she savored the sensation of his suckling.  She’d imagined this moment hundreds of times since she’d realized her feelings for him, but she never dreamed it would be this good.  She kissed the top of his head and wrapped her fingers in his downy soft hair as he moved from one breast to the other.
“I want more,” she moaned as she pulled at his shirt.  
His desire for her was so intense that the blue of his eyes was almost lavender.  He looked deep into hers and kissed her before whispering, “Tell me what you want.”
“I don’t know,” she gasped. “I just want more.  Teach me.  Show me more.”
He moaned as he fell to his knees and buried his face into her bare stomach.  His tongue laved her belly button while he pulled her shorts to her ankles.  She obediently stepped out of them and sighed as a sense of sensual freedom consumed her.
His kisses went lower until his tongue found her sensitive nub.  She gasped with both surprise and pleasure as he lifted her so that her strong thighs were resting on his shoulders and he had better access to her deliciousness. His hands reached up and worked her breasts as she reveled in the new sensations that his mouth was creating. When she peaked, she was so shocked that she squealed with surprise.
He lowered her so that she was standing once again and stood up.  After kissing her with a tender passion that signified so much, he said, “There, my beauty.”
“Not enough,” she moaned as she reached for the bulge in his pants.
His eyes grew smoky with desire. “What else, my beauty?”
“Help me,” she whined as she struggled to unfasten his pants.
He gave a throaty chuckle as he quickly unfastened his pants.  Taking her hand in his, he guided it beneath the fabric until it was on his manhood. It reacted immediately to her touch as well as her gasp.
She’d never had a talk about sex with Olga, so she was limited on what to do with him now that she had him.  Struggling to remember what she’d read in some of the romance novels that she’d practically devoured over the last month, she took his manhood into her mouth and worked her head up and down.  Unsure if she was doing it right, she paid close attention to his response.  
When he forced himself free from her, she pouted with dismay. “Did I do it wrong?”
“Hardly,” he managed to choke out.  “I was about to release in your mouth.”
“Is that a bad thing?”
“It’s a bit much for a virgin, don’t you think?” he said as he tucked his manhood back into his pants and stepped away from her.
Kendra didn’t understand what was happening.  He suddenly seemed so cold.
“Are you mad at me?” she asked as she accepted her pants from him.
“I didn’t mean for it to go this far,” he said in a tone that sounded apologetic and lamenting at the same time.
“It’s okay that it did,” she said.
“Is it?” he asked before leaving her standing with her shirt up over her breasts and her pants in her grasp.
She stood and stared at the door he’d exited for some time before robotically putting herself back together and cursing him forever walking into her life.
13
Olga brooded over Rex’s obvious foul mood as she watched him walk with aggressive deliberation to where the zombie lay.  He grabbed it by its feet and dragged it into the trees before heading back to the fence to continue pounding the post into the ground. Things clearly didn’t go as she’d hoped between him and Kendra.  Did the foolish girl refuse him? She’d watched the way he looked at her as well as the way she looked at him. She could have sworn that they were equally attracted to each other.  What happened.  
As she headed out the door to assist Rex with the fencing, she made a mental note to have a talk with Kendra.  She needed to understand that men like Rex wouldn’t be coming about one after the other.  They were lucky that he came along at all. Rejecting him was a foolish move even if she didn’t have feelings for him; which she was sure that the girl did.
“I have to say that I’m impressed to see you get right back onto the horse so soon after a zombie encounter,” Olga said as she walked up and wrapped her hands around the post to hold it in place while Rex pounded it into the ground.
“We’ve settled in zombie land.  Sightings like that one are to be expected from time to time,” he mumbled as he brought the mallet down onto the top of the post as hard as he could.
Olga’s arms ached from the impact, but she made no mention of it. “I guess we’ll get used to it in time.”
“I dealt with a few when I was here before,” he said as he swung the mallet again. “I told you that.”
Olga nodded.  “Like I said, we’ll get used to it.”
She could see his body visibly harden as Kendra approached. 
“What do you want me to do?” Kendra asked without sparing so much as a glance in Rex’s direction.
Olga wasn’t sure if she should ignore what was happening and act as if all was well or face the topic head on.  She decided to pretend she didn’t notice and hope that they’d work things out.  If Kendra wasn’t attracted to Rex, she had no desire to force the issue.  Rex was not only a good catch, but he’d already earned his place with them. She just hoped that her niece would see the error of her ways and give Rex another chance. If he wanted one, that is.
Rex gave Kendra an odd look that Olga couldn’t decipher as he said, “If you can help Olga hold the rail up, I’ll secure it to these posts.”
Kendra nodded as she looked for the rail. Seeing the long, slender log that Felix was struggling with when the zombie appeared, she asked if that was the rail. When he said that it was, she quickly moved to finish dragging it to where they stood.
She found it hard to believe that only an hour ago she’d felled a zombie. She could see the drag marks in the ground where it had been taken away, but she didn’t follow them with her eyes.  She had no desire to see the creature up close.  Knowing that the zombie’s body lay nearby gave her a rush of adrenaline that she used to help her get the log to Rex and her aunt with surprising speed.  The fact that she was filled with hurt and anger over Rex’s recent behavior added to her determination.
The trio worked in silent unison until they’d secured a railing to the posts.  Rex was fairly certain that one rail would be sufficient to stop a zombie since he’d never encountered one with the ability to bend under or step over.  They basically shuffled forward with the ability to turn left and right, but that was it as far as he knew.
Olga decided to trust that Rex was right.  Having to only put up one railing would make building the fence a lot faster. As far as she was concerned, the sooner they had a barrier against wandering zombies, the better.
“I know we are in zombie land,” Olga mused as she wiped the sweat from the back of her neck and rotated her shoulders after straining to hold the post in place for Rex, “but I’m glad we came here.  It’s a lovely complex.  If we can keep it safe, it will make a wonderful home for us and our future generations.”
“Good luck with that,” Kendra said as she trod off to the house without looking left or right.
“Woah,” Olga mused. “Do I even want to know what’s wrong?”
Rex heaved a sigh as he balanced the mallet on his shoulder and headed toward the tool shed. He’d gone about three feet when he said over his shoulder, “Probably not.” 
“Definitely not,” Olga said in a voice that was just above a whisper.
Her shoulders were slumped from sheer exhaustion from a day of both emotional and physical stress.  She was so tired that much of the day’s events seemed like a waning dream. The zombie incident seemed so long ago, yet it was only hours earlier. She was unaccustomed to the type of labor she’d been doing over the past few days and it was taking its toll on her.  As soon as she checked on Felix’s welfare, she fully intended to soak in a hot tub and then go to bed.  Everyone in the house was an adult.  Surely they could fend for themselves at dinnertime for one night.
She smiled at the thought of a long hot bath.  After years of washing in the cold creek, her month of luxury still felt surreal.  Once again she prayed to the gods that they would be able to stay; zombies or not.
14  
The alluring aroma of rosemary and roasting meat pulled Kendra from the deep and fitful sleep that centered on dreams of Rex and his rejection of her.  Even though she could have easily done without the self-torturing dreams, she would have appreciated a bit more slumber for her tired body. Unfortunately, her empty stomach was on the alert and there’d be no more rest until it was satiated.
She’d gone into her room right after they’d finished working on the fence, taken a quick shower, and then crawled onto her bed for what she thought would be a short rest.  By the depth of darkness outside of her window, it was clear that she’d slept for hours instead of napping for minutes.
Her stomach rumbled as she slowly crawled out of bed.  She massaged her shoulder as best as she could while rotating it. The demands that she’d placed on her body while helping with the construction of the barrier around the camp had required the use of muscles that she’d rarely called upon during her daily routines. 
Finding the fully stocked health retreat was a dream come true that Kendra was still trying to absorb after being raised in a small cave with a dirt floor and minimal comforts.  Not only was each of the buildings furnished in accordance to its designated use, but it was fully stocked with supplies that one would find in a spa/health facility. From what she could tell, whoever owned and operated the place had left rather suddenly.  The reason was something that she didn’t want to know or think about.  The thick layers of dust on every surface told her that whatever caused the place to be abandoned in such a way had happened a very long time ago.  Therefore, the compound and all that was in it was fair game for whoever chose to brave the zombie threat and make it their home.
Still wrapped in a large, plush body towel, she pulled on one of the spa robes that were so plentiful in the closets, slipped her bare feet into a pair of open toed plush slippers and headed out to see what delicious fare her aunt had whipped up for dinner.
Both place settings and food were neatly arranged on the table, but there was no one in sight.  She meandered up to the delicious looking spread that was far more elaborate than the usual meals that Olga provided.  Was it a holiday or some other type of special occasion? 
She filled her lungs with the rich aromas. The mixture of rosemary seasoned venison roast, sautéed turnip greens, and garlic mashed potatoes overwhelmed her deprived senses and needy stomach to the point that her legs went weak.  She held onto the back of a chair to steady herself as she willed her body to relax and not give in to the temptation of sitting down and eating as much as she could in a gluttonous manner that was not only rude and unbecoming, but very unlike her.
Impatient to satiate her ravenous hunger, she called out, “Hello!  Where is everyone?”
“I’m here,” Felix moaned as he hobbled across the great room to the table.  Like Kendra, he wore a spa robe and slippers.  Unlike her, his robe was left untied to display the jersey shorts and the tee shirt that he wore beneath it.  “I hurt like a son-of-a-bitch,” he said as he stuck his foot out in front of him to show her its dark purple and blue coloring that was spread half way up his shin.  I almost skipped dinner, but it smells too good.”
“Our aunt outdid herself,” Kendra said in a soft, approving voice.
“It wasn’t Aunt Olga doing the cooking,” Felix said as he clumsily seated himself at the table. “It looks like Rex can add cooking to his repertoire of talents.” 
“Seriously?” Kendra said with admiration. She’d managed to push thoughts of Rex and his rejection of her out of her mind since awakening, but at the mention of his name they came rushing back in.
Seeing the odd look in his cousin’s face, Felix’s tone was a mixture of praise and jealousy as he said in a low tone, “He killed the deer we’ll be dining on.”
“I’ve killed deer,” Kendra said in a defensive manner as she struggled not to scream out that the last person who she wanted to converse about was Rex Harrington.
“But, you’ve never cooked it like this,” Felix teased; knowing fully that there was something bugging her that had nothing to do with Rex’s ability to cook, but did have something to do with Rex.
Kendra recognized the scrutinizing look on her cousin’s face.  He knew her too well.  He’d read, either in her face or by her body language, that there was something wrong between her and Rex.  The last thing that she wanted was for him to know that Rex had rejected her.  The humiliation would be more than she could bear.  In an effort to throw him off the path that she was sure that he was on, she emitted a sarcastic giggle as she struggled to regain control of her emotions.  “As wonderful as it is that he can do so much, it’s a bit annoying.  Isn’t it?”
Felix chuckled and nodded in agreement.
“I could always step it down a bit,” Rex said in a smooth, cool sounding drawl as he approached the table with Olga on his arm. He looked directly at Kendra. “Whatever I’m doing that you find annoying, just tell me and I’ll stop.”
Kendra’s heart lurched from a combination of desire, pain of rejection, and jealousy as she quickly forced her eyes to look away from his handsome face.  Seeing her aunt’s gnarled and work worn hand slipped through his crooked arm made her blood boil.  What type of game was he playing? Had he tested the waters with her and then decided that he preferred a more mature woman? Did her aunt know that he’d been enjoying her just that very afternoon? Had he done the same with Olga?  The very thought that he might have been with Olga in the same way that he was with her caused her entire body to tremble with both jealousy and fury. She hurriedly grabbed onto the edge of the table as her knees buckled from beneath her and did her best to act as if she was sliding into the chair to sit instead of doing whatever she could to catch herself before she crumbled to the floor.
“Are you ill?” Olga worriedly asked as she released Rex’s arm and rushed to Kendra’s side. Then, in a more intimate voice she added, “Or, are you just seeking a way out of having to stand up and defend your childish pettiness.”
“I’m hungry,” Kendra grumbled as she kept her eyes focused on her lap.
Olga brushed a lock of Kendra’s long, freshly washed hair from her face. “Are you wearing anything beneath that robe?” she asked in a startled whisper.  When Kendra shook her head, she sucked in air and said in a voice that was barely audible, “You’re not a young girl anymore.  You have a woman’s body.  You’d do well to remember that.” 
Kendra’s eyes shot up as she insisted that she was adequately covered and that, if she didn’t tell them, no one would know what was or wasn’t beneath her robe.  Olga clucked her tongue with disapproval, but said no more.
“I was too exhausted to cook tonight so Rex did the honors,” Olga said with a smile of thanks. “By the look and smell of things, I just might be too exhausted more often.”
Rex smiled appreciatively. “Let’s just hope it tastes as good as it looks.  It’s been a while since I’ve done much more than boil roots and meat together over an open camp fire.”
Olga chuckled. “It took me some time to get used to cooking in a real kitchen with pots and pans and spices.  I understand.”
“I’m just grateful that the stove and oven are electric instead of gas,” Rex offered.
“It was lucky that you knew about solar panels,” Felix interjected. “You know so much, Rex.  Where did you learn it all?”
All eyes and ears were on Rex as they waited to hear his response to Felix’s question.
Rex shrugged as he took his seat at the table. “It’s no big deal.  I learned a lot from my uncle and then, over the years, I picked up a bit here and there.  One of the advantages of being a wanderer is that you meet a variety of peopled with a myriad of talents.  I kept my eyes and ears opened and absorbed as much as I could.”
“Isn’t being a wanderer dangerous?” Felix asked as he scooped a heaping spoonful of potatoes onto his plate. Then, as an afterthought he said, “I can start helping myself, can’t I?”
Rex and Olga nodded simultaneously.  Olga followed through by passing the turnip greens to Kendra while Rex carved the roast.
The dinner conversation centered mostly on the pros and cons of being a wanderer and about the things that Rex had experienced over the years.  Kendra said very little, but listened intently.  The more she learned about the handsome heartthrob at the table, the harder it was to hate him. At one point, out of sheer desperation, she contemplated the idea of sharing him with her aunt if he would only not reject her again.  Her stomach twisted and lurched with every bit of laughter or pleasantry that was exchanged between Olga and Rex to the point that it almost spoiled her meal.
When they were finished, Kendra volunteered to clean up while Olga helped Felix back to his room.  Even though she insisted that she was fine cleaning up after dinner on her own while emphasizing that he’d done all of the cooking and it was only fair for her to clean up, Rex refused to leave her alone with the task.
“It was good to hear my aunt laughing and enjoying herself,” Kendra said.  She was both lying and telling the truth.  She was very, very pleased to see how happy Rex’s company made her aunt, but she was also very jealous about it.  She hoped that he wasn’t able to see through her ruse and would accept her words at face value.
“I like Olga,” he said with a thoughtful tone. “She reminds me of the babysitter I had before everything went to shit.”
“You can remember?” Kendra said with surprise.
“It seems like a life from a dream most times, but every once in a while a memory that is clear as a bell will pop up,” he replied.
“I’m glad I don’t have memories of a life before this,” she mused. “I don’t know if I could deal with the loss.”
“You get used to loss when it happens to you often enough.”
“Are you talking about your wife and children?” Kendra hesitantly asked.
He nodded. “And other things.  Sometimes I think that it’s better to just not get attached.”
“You seem pretty attached to my aunt,” Kendra said before she was able to stop herself.
He gave her a look of surprise and smiled. “She’s a good friend and I would miss her if we ever parted ways, but that’s not the type of closeness or loss that I’m referring to.”
Kendra thought for a moment. “I don’t understand.”
He moved closer to stand behind her.  Chills raced up and down her naked flesh beneath the plush spa robe as he placed his hands on her shoulders and whispered, “It’s loss of the heart, my beauty.”
She leaned back against him and closed her eyes. Her mouth felt as if she’d swallowed a fistful of sand and when she spoke, it was in a throaty whisper. “I still don’t understand.”
He turned her to face him. His voice was equally soft and sensual. “I think you do.”
Taking her face between his hands, he tipped her head so that he could kiss her long and hard. Her body shuddered with erotic delight as she inhaled his musky scent.  His tongue explored her mouth with an urgency that she reciprocated.  She mimicked his actions with her own tongue until she could hear his deep throated moans.
She pulled on the memories of passages in the romance novels that she’d read – imagining that Rex was the handsome sexy man in the story and she was the female- and moved her hands over his body in the same way that the books had described over and over again. She wasn’t sure what was the right or wrong thing to do since she was so new to the game of making love, but she figured that if the same movements were written about in so many different books, they had to be right.
Cool air caused her nipples to harden as he untied the belt that held her robe closed.  She let her head fall back and arched forward in his arms as his mouth greedily wrapped around one of her rosy tips. When his hand slid between her legs and his fingers worked the sensitive nub in the apex of her thighs, her knees buckled to the point that she was forced to hold his shoulders to keep herself upright.
She recalled how his tongue had done to her womanhood what his fingers were now doing and sighed. Both were pleasurable, but he thought that she preferred it this way, since it left his mouth free to pleasure her needy breasts.
When his strong fingers slid up inside of her, she gasped. First, it was with pleasure and then it was with pain as he drove them deep enough to break her virgin barrier. He stilled his hand for a moment, but kept working her breasts with his mouth as he waited for her to relax again. When he was satisfied that she was ready for more, he slowly moved his fingers in and out while his thumb continued to work her sensitive nub.
She was so lost in abandoned delight that she barely noticed when he lifted her into his arms and carried her to his room. The bed felt soft and inviting as he lowered her onto it. All the while, his mouth never released her breast. It was an erotic experience that she didn’t recall reading in any of her books.
When he finally ceased suckling her, it was so that he could stand and disrobe. She’d enjoyed the sensation of the attention he’d been paying her well-formed mounds that they literally felt abandoned when he released them. She massaged them absent mindedly while she watched his body be relieved of the tee shirt and sweat pants that he’d put on after showering off the day’s toil.
His manhood stood proud and erect as he moved over her.  She thought it had to be the most beautiful thing she’d ever set eyes on. She wanted to hold it and kiss it like she’d done that afternoon, but she remembered how he’d pushed her away and rejected her when she did. So, she forced her hands to refrain from caressing it and lay back to see what he was about to do next.
He lowered himself onto the bed next to her and resumed teasing her womanhood with his hand while his lips found a nipple again.  A shock wave of ecstasy shot through her unexpectedly and her entire body jolted upward. She could hear his low, throaty chuckle as his mouth spoke around its contents to tell her that it wouldn’t be much longer before they would join as one.  She writhed with insane desire as she begged him to free her from the overwhelming longing that needed to be quelled.
“Are you sure that you want this?  Once it’s done, it can’t be undone,” he said as he positioned himself above her and placed the tip of his manhood at the warm, moist opening of her womb.
“Please,” she begged.
“I did my best to break your hymen, but it still might hurt at first,” he warned.
“I welcome the pain,” she whined as she grabbed his manhood and tried to shove it inside of her. “I need you to do this.”
He grinned a sexy, lust filled grin before he consumed her mouth with his own and then forced himself into the tightness of her womanhood.  His kiss absorbed her gasp that began as pain and then shifted to pleasure as he moved himself in and out of her.  Before long, she was matching his thrusts with her own.
They spent the night in abandoned, almost wanton love making as they did their best to satiate their overwhelming need for each other.  The sun was peeking over the horizon before they finally fell into a deep, exhausted sleep.
15
Even though she fell into a deep sleep almost immediately, it didn’t last long.  Fear of getting caught in Rex’s bed by her aunt or Felix robbed her of her sleep. She was of an age where having sex was expected of her, in fact, it would be mandated if the regime was aware of her.  Even so, she wasn’t ready to share with her family what had occurred between her and Rex.  She wasn’t confident in where they stood as far as their relationship was concerned.  Was it strictly sex? Or, was he expecting more from her? They had no condoms so their sex was unprotected, but he’d pulled out of her every time he released his seed.  What did that mean?  Did it mean that he didn’t want to impregnate her because he didn’t want to start a new family?  Did it mean that he wanted to enjoy her body without a commitment? If so, what would her aunt and cousin think? Would they approve? She doubted it.
Until she knew exactly where she stood with her new lover, she preferred to keep what was happening between them a secret.
She slid out of bed as gently as she could, although, from the steadiness of his breathing, she imagined it would take a lot more than the moving of the mattress to pull Rex from his almost coma sleep. 
With Olga busy preparing breakfast and Felix laid up in his bedroom, Kendra managed to slip out of Rex’s room and tip toe the few yards down the hall to her own room without being noticed.  She was not only sleepy tired, but her womanhood was sore from her introduction to love making. She wasn’t certain, but she had a feeling that the amount of times they’d had sex was above and beyond what was considered normal.  
Deciding that a hot bath was in order, she rushed into her ensuite bathroom to fill the tub.  She knew that the sound of running water could be heard by her aunt if she was listening for it, but decided that if she questioned why her niece would get out of bed and immediately take a bath, she’d tell her that it was because her muscles hurt.  It wasn’t a lie.  It just wasn’t the entire truth.
She’d just finished carefully immersing her body into the hot water when Olga popped her head through the bedroom door and called to her.  In anticipation of her aunt’s visit, she’d left the bathroom door opened.
“I’m in the tub, aunt,” she called out. 
“That’s a good idea,” Olga said as she stood in the bathroom doorway. “I should have done the same when I got up.”  She rotated her shoulders and turned her head from left to right. “It’s amazing how sore I am this morning.”
“I think the zombie fright had something to do with it.  My entire body seized up,” Kendra said. “Plus we worked harder than usual to try to finish.”
“Which we didn’t do,” Olga groaned. “I’ll bet we have at least a week to ten days of hard labor left.”
“Felix will be no help,” Kendra mused as she swirled the hot, silken water with her hands. “I’ll need to hunt soon too.”
“We have enough food for another few weeks,” Olga assured her.
“I’d like to stay ahead if I can. I’m not familiar with the hunting around here.”
Olga nodded. “Rex can tell you where he’s been going.”
“He’s gone out more than once?” Kendra said with surprise.
“He went out several times while you were healing,” Olga replied.  “He mostly caught rabbit and pigeon, but he did get that deer.” 
“I’d like to know where he got that,” Kendra said with open eagerness. “Was it badly mutated?”
“Hardly at all,” Olga said with a smile. “How long will you be?  The chickens have been laying nicely so I made a frittata.”
Kendra’s mouth watered. “You know I love them.”
“So does Felix and I hear him stirring,” Olga chuckled. “I’d get a move on if I were you.”
Reluctant to give up the soothing heat of the water, Kendra had to decide between her sore muscles or her empty stomach.  Of course, there was no real choice.  If it came between choosing to pamper her sore muscles or subduing hunger pangs, hunger won out every time.  She knew better than to take the fact that food was plentiful for granted.  They planted a garden, but it wasn’t mature enough to count on delivering and the meat would eventually run out.  Since she’d spent her time since their arrival recovering from her foot injury, she wasn’t familiar with the hunting in the area.  What if the deer that Rex got was a fluke?  What if hunting wasn’t good and the edible plant life was scarce?  Food was something that she never did and never would take for granted.  After years of struggling to keep the family in supply, she appreciated every morsel that came her way.
She quickly finished scrubbing her important body parts clean and climbed out of the tub.  Eager to satiate her stomach’s needs, she pulled on her robe and secured it around her waist before scurrying out to take her place at the table. Her stomach bellowed as her aunt set a plate containing a large slice of the frittata on the table in front of her.
Olga put her hands on her hips and cocked her head. A slight scowl consumed her normally serene face as she looked Kendra up and down. “Is this to be the new look at the table?”
“I was too hungry. I’ll dress as soon as I’ve eaten. I promise,” Kendra said as she shoveled the frittata into her mouth in a most unseemly way.
Heaving a sigh that conveyed far more than words could ever do, Olga returned to the stove to prepare a plate for Felix.  He’d just hobbled to the table when she returned with it.
“Don’t you own clothes?” he said as he struggled to seat himself.
“Don’t you think you’re being a bit dramatic with that foot?” Kendra said, impatiently.
“Don’t fight first thing in the morning, you two,” Olga warned.
Felix studied Kendra with a look that she was unable to decipher.  “You have dark circles under your eyes.  Did your night with Rex tucker you out?”
“That will do!” Olga bellowed.
Kendra gave her aunt a look of both shock and curiosity. “You knew?”
“The walls in this place aren’t that thick,” Olga admitted.
“Ahh, ahh, ooh Rex… do it to me Rex,” Felix taunted.
“I said that was enough!” Olga bellowed.
Kendra felt sick with embarrassment and shame.  Tears flooded her eyes, but they didn’t fall as she stood up to leave the table.
“You haven’t finished your breakfast, child,” Olga said in a soft, coaxing tone. “Felix will behave himself. Sit and finish.”
“I feel sick,” Kendra admitted as she rushed back to the protection of her bedroom and threw herself onto the bed. Memories of her cries of love making tortured her mind as she cried over the sudden realization that she’d been providing a good deal of entertainment for her aunt and cousin.
She was so engrossed in her own mortification, that she didn’t hear Rex join her aunt and Felix for breakfast.  Nor did she hear him as he headed out to hunt.
16
Baelil wiped the sweat off of his forehead and the back of his neck as he stopped to rest his horse. Reaching into his saddle bag, he pulled out a fresh shirt.  Stripping the sweat soaked polo from his muscle defined torso, he rolled it up and put it in a small sack that was designated for such a purpose and donned a clean one that had been rinsed in lavender water to help retain its brightness and, therefore, gave off a light and refreshing lavender scent. They’d combed the area for weeks without any sign of the girl and her companions.  How could they just up and disappear?
“She has to be here somewhere,” Ari groaned as she pulled her horse up next to his and released the reins so that it could graze on the thick blades of grass that not only managed to survive the nuclear holocaust, but they’d grown back stronger than ever. 
It never ceased to amaze Baelil about how flexible and adaptable nature could be when it came to survival.  In many ways, man was like that too.  The problem was that man’s methods of adapting were not necessarily ideal and could eventually lead to the extinction of man as they knew him over time.
Seeing what her brother had done, she decided to do the same.
“You haven’t an ounce of modesty,” Baelil said as he watched his sister remove her soiled shirt and put on a fresh one. 
“In front of you?  Should I?”
“You aren’t even wearing a bra,” he scolded.
“Bras are at a premium.  They’re reserved mostly for the older women who need the support.  Besides, they’re just breasts,” she scowled. “You’ve seen me naked so many times. What’s the issue?”
“I just think that it’s time you stop showing me your nakedness,” he sulked. “You’re getting too old for such behavior.”  When she extended her lower lip in a pout, but said nothing, he added with conviction, “We’ll look for the girl for a few more days, but, then, we go back. I’ve already forfeited my month with Denai. With my luck, she’s been impregnated and I’ll have to wait until she’s ready to breed again.” 
“Is that all you think about?” Ari asked with irritation.
“I happen to enjoy sex and I have had my eye on Denai for some time.  She comes highly recommended. Maybe you should start thinking about it as well,” he grumbled. “People are beginning to talk, you know.”
“I don’t care,” she pouted. “I’m not ready to breed and there’s no one at Center Land Village who I have any desire to lie with simply for the sake of sex.”
“No one with a penis, that is,” he scoffed.
“That’s unkind.”
“But, true,” he said with a scowl of disapproval. “I suggest that you take this time away to get your head on straight.  If people discovered that you’re showing me your body, we’d be accused of incest and I have no intention of being hanged because you can’t summon up a bit of modesty. I’m sure Denai isn’t thrilled about the threat of being accused of lesbianism because of the way you openly moon over her either. I’ll wager that’s why she dove so heavily into the breeding program.  You may long for the hangman’s noose, but keep the rest of us out of it.” 
“It’s so unfair.  It’s only mandatory for the girls to breed. Men get a choice.  Men also don’t have to be pregnant for nine months and then risk dying when they go through the birthing process.” 
“I didn’t create the sexes and how they function,” he said with a shrug.  “If men could get pregnant, we’d be mandated to do so as well. The future of the human race should be a priority, sister.”
“Is it really the future of the human race that keeps you hopping from woman to woman? Or is it simply your lust for the female body?” 
Baelil looked away. “Anyway, the law about incest and same sex relations is equally harsh for both men and women.  It’s very fair.  You break it, you die no matter what your sex.  You’d do well to remember that.”
“Sure,” she grumbled as she pulled on her horse’s reins to get its attention. “Are we going to move on, then?”   When her brother remained quiet while he stared off into the distance, she prompted him again. “Baelil?”
“Do you see smoke over there?” he asked.
She squinted her eyes against the sun as she looked in the direction that he was pointing. “It might be smoke.”
“How far into zombie territory do you estimate that to be?” 
She thought for a moment. “Do you think that we’ve been looking in the wrong place?  Could she have actually settled in zombie land?”
“If she did, she’s far more courageous than either of us gave her credit for.”
Ari grinned, “Just the little time that I spent talking to her showed me that she’s not like anyone I’ve met before, brother.  That could very well be her.”  She nudged her horse into motion. “Why didn’t we think of that before?”
“Because we don’t think like crazy people,” he replied as he nudged his horse into motion as well.
“Or, maybe like a survivor?” Ari chuckled with a mixture of awe and pride. “How far away do you think that is?”
“I’m guessing we’ll be there in a few hours.  Maybe less.”
“We should use that time to think on how to convince her to come with us,” Ari mused. “She was pretty resistant.”
They chatted about different tactics that had worked with others that they’d been assigned to track down and bring back to Center Land Village.  They finally decided on the ruse of pretending to be lost and alone so that they could get close enough to her to convince her to return to Center Land Village with them voluntarily.  
In order to pull it off, they needed to dirty-up; which was something that Ari abhorred.  She suffered from a mild case of obsessive compulsive disorder when it came to the care of her body.  She visibly shuddered from head to toe as Baelil took handfuls of soil and lightly smudged her pristine clothes to make them look less fresh. Knowing that her brother suffered a similar affliction, when he was done, she took great pleasure in doing the same for him.
By the time they sighted the compound, they were both miserably uncomfortable from being dirty and overheated. Because of this, it was easy to seem out of sorts when Olga greeted them at the newly erected fence with a bow and arrow aimed at their hearts.
“Don’t shoot,” Ari whimpered with genuine dismay; her unkempt state getting the better of her. “Please.”
Baelil raised his hands. “We mean you no harm.  Please, lower that arrow.”
“Who are you and what are you doing here?” Olga barked.  
She called for Felix and within seconds he was on the porch with the shotgun they’d discovered in the gun cabinet that was located in the closet of the master bedroom raised and pointed in their direction. He sincerely hoped that he didn’t have to use it since he’d never shot a gun in his life.  He’d sat at the table while Rex explained how to load and fire it, but that was all the exposure he’d had.  In fact, he was literally holding it for the very first time.
Olga sucked in air when she saw Felix aiming the shotgun in their direction.  Like Felix, she prayed that he wouldn’t have to use it. The risk of her being shot was far too great.
Disappointed that there was no sign of Kendra and seeing how very wrong the situation had become, Ari did the only thing that she could think to do.  She fell to the ground.
It surprised her at how close to actually fainting that she really was.  It made sense that she’d want to escape from the reality of the situation.  She was miserably hot and dirty and, to top it off, she had an arrow and a rifle pointed at her by two very distrusting and seemingly unfriendly people.  
Had they guessed wrong? Was this not where the girl was?  If it wasn’t, where could she have gone to?  They’d combed the territory from city border to city border.  They’d even searched the badlands where thieves and gangs of the worst kind were the only ones who could survive.
Voices sounded distant as Baelil picked her up in his arms and followed Olga into a small, nearby building.
17
“You’ve missed a lot,” Felix said as he set a steaming cup of pine needle tea on the bedside table next to Kendra’s head.  “Wake up, Kendra.  Auntie wants you to go looking for Rex.”
Kendra sat up with a start. “He’s missing?”
“He went out hunting early this morning and hasn’t come back yet.”
Kendra peered out of the window and into the dusky light. “What time is it?”
“It’s late.  You slept all day.”  Felix had a teasing remark about how sex with Rex had worn her out on the tip of his tongue, but he kept it to himself.  He’d not only received a killer lecture from his aunt about his teasing her that morning to the point of such embarrassment that she refused to leave her room, but he inherently knew that her exhaustion was from more than that.  She’d basically been the backbone of their family unit for so long that he couldn’t remember when she wasn’t.  
Sure, Olga was technically in charge and head of the family, but, if it wasn’t for Kendra, they’d have died of starvation years ago.  He did his best to help keep the garden in operation, but the soil was so depleted that the nutrients in the plants that he managed to produce was lacking.  They needed the protein from her hunts to keep their bodies functioning properly. At the tender age of seventeen, she’d shouldered a heavier burden than most men of thirty.  He was sure of it.
“It will be dark soon,” Kendra worriedly said.
“I don’t want you to go far,” Olga said as she stood in the doorway of the room.  “I’m hoping he’s late coming back because he had a good hunt and needs help dragging it back.”
“If that’s not the case, what do I do?” Kendra asked with a voice that barely disguised her emotions.  “I won’t be able to come back and just leave him out there.  Something might have happened to him. He could be hurt.”
“My gut tells me that he’s fine,” Olga assured her.
“If so, then why do you want me to search for him?” Kendra asked, suspiciously.
Olga and Felix exchanged looks before she said, “We have visitors and I’d just feel more comfortable if he was here with us.”
“Visitors?” Kendra said as she swung her legs over the side of the bed and slid off.  “That’s not good.”
“It’s odd, to be sure, but that doesn’t mean it’s not a good thing,” Olga offered.  “After all, look how it turned out with Rex.”
“Rex was a thief in the night that you befriended,” Felix reminded her. “You were lucky.  We were lucky.”
“And, these people?” Kenda anxiously asked. “How many are they? Did they just walk into the compound? What’s their story?”
“There are only two,” Olga assured her. “A brother and a sister.” 
“The sister’s a tiny little thing,” Felix mused, “but mighty pretty. Even with that flaxen spiked hair of hers.”
Kendra swallowed hard. “Spiked, flaxen hair?” 
Olga studied her niece’s reaction carefully before asking, “What aren’t you telling us?”
Kendra took a long drink of the pine needle tea before carefully setting the cup back down and facing her aunt. “I think I met her the day I killed the second cat.  There was a pretty girl with flaxen hair that was spiked and big green eyes hiding in the rocks.  She showed herself just after I killed the cat and offered to help me.  She claimed to have a horse and wanted to bring me home, but I declined.  Did this girl have a horse?”
“She and her brother showed up on foot,” Felix eagerly said. “Did the girl you met have a brother with her?”
Kendra vigorously shook her head. “Just her.”
“Why are we only just hearing about this?” Olga demanded.
“When you said that the cats weren’t wild, I got rattled and, well, I don’t know,” Kendra mumbled. “I don’t think the cats were hers.  She offered to help me clean the one that she saw me kill.  An owner wouldn’t do that.”
“I don’t think this is the same girl,” Felix said with a tone that sounded lovestruck and moony. “This little slip of a thing fainted at the sight of an arrow pointed at her.  There’s no way she’d be able to gut a kill.  No way.”
Kendra could feel the muscles in her body relax.  A slow smile spread across her delicate features as relief flooded her body. “Where are these two people now?”
“I have them in the spa house for now,” Olga said.
“Did you lock them in?” Kendra asked with surprise.
“I did,” Olga said with defiance, “and they’ll stay there until Rex gets back. That girl might be a snip of a thing but her brother makes up for it.”
“He’s pretty big and solid,” Felix said with a supporting nod.
“Bigger than Rex?” Kendra asked with disbelief.  Rex had a solid, well-muscled body and stood a few inches over six feet.  To her, he seemed a giant. She couldn’t imagine anyone exceeding that.
Felix thought for a moment. “I’d say that he’s about the same, wouldn’t you auntie?” 
Olga’s brows knit together in thought. “Probably.  I didn’t take measure. I just know that I’d feel a whole lot better if Rex was here.”
Kendra pulled on her work boots and began tying them.  It would be dark soon, so there was no time to waste.
“I’ll go with her,” Felix offered.
“And leave me here alone with those two?” Olga practically screeched. 
“Auntie? Are you frightened?” Felix asked with surprise.
“Of course, you ninny,” Kendra snipped. “We have no idea who this couple is or what they want.  We’ve been in hiding ever since we were infants and they came and killed my parents and made off with our people.  What would make you think things are different now?  For crying out loud, we live in zombie land because of it.  Of course she’s frightened. You should be too.”
“You’ll need to keep an eye out for zombies,” Olga said as if just then remembering where they were.
“I’m taking covering for the night,” Kendra said with such insistence that her aunt immediately recognized the futility in arguing with her.
“Do you want to meet the brother and sister before you go?” Felix asked.
“I don’t feel good about that,” Olga blurted out for a reason she couldn’t explain.
Kendra and Felix simultaneously gasped while they looked, questioningly, at their aunt.
“I can’t explain it, but I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Olga said in a soft tone. “Just wait for Rex, okay?”
Kendra nodded. “I’d better get going. It will be dark soon.”
Olga gave Kendra a warm smile. “Hopefully, you’ll meet up with him as soon as you step outside of the fence.” 
18
Rex pulled his leg from the clear, cool water of the stream that he’d been fortunate to stumble upon hours earlier.  The wound on his leg looked cleaner, and the bleeding had slowed considerably.  He’d never been bitten by a rattler before so he had no idea how deep to cut to get the poison out. Since he could see his bone, he suspected that he’d gone further than was necessary.  At least he’d managed to get enough of the poison out before it spread through his system. The little that did eke into his blood stream had made him nauseous, tired, and slightly disoriented to the point that he was forced to rest in a small grove of trees at the far end of the canyon where he’d made his kill. 
It was in this grove that he found the running water. After testing it to make sure that it was potable, he immersed his face in hopes of flushing the fog from his head.  It didn’t completely bring the world back into clear view, but he was at least able to focus on his wound enough to clean and bandage it properly.
After thoroughly rinsing the blood from his make-shift bandages and making sure that his leg was cleaned by the running water, he hung the strips of fabric on branches to dry in the warm breeze while he sat with his leg outstretched so that it could do the same.
He’d managed to kill another deer, but he had no idea how he’d get it back to the compound.  He’d discovered a herd about thirty minutes from home.  Unfortunately, at about the same time that he discovered them, they discovered him as well.  
The chase was on.  
By the time he caught up with them, they were grazing in an inviting field of lush grass at the recesses of a hidden canyon.  The thick green bed looked so smooth and soft that he was tempted to remove his shoes so that his feet could revel in its feel. 
It wasn’t until after he’d made his kill and was climbing back out of the canyon that he realized that he was a few hours from home.  It was at this same time that he encountered a rattle snake that was angry about having his afternoon basking in the sun session disturbed.  Before he knew what was happening, the snake’s poisonous fangs had pierced his leg with an excruciating vice grip.  
He’d draped the deer over his shoulders for the long haul home. The sudden jerking of his leg forced the deer’s weight off balance and it pulled him along with it until he fell to the ground; right on top of the enormous and very angry snake.  With the snake pinned beneath his bulk and its fangs still in his leg, he needed to act fast.  
As he thought back on the ordeal, he was grateful for the quick thinking that the life of a wanderer required.  Had he not lived such a dangerous and precarious existence for so many years, he questioned if he’d have had the presence of mind to act as fast and efficiently as he did by, first, severing the snake’s head from its body and, then, pulling its fangs from his already swelling leg.  He wasted no time cutting an exaggerated x into the wound and assisting the rapid flowing blood from his body by squeezing and massaging.  All the while, hoping that the poison was leaving along with the blood.
When he was satisfied that he’d gotten rid of as much of the poison as possible, he took off his shirt and cut it into strips so that he could bandage his self-inflicted cut and, hopefully, stem the bleeding.  When he felt confident enough to walk, he abandoned his kill and made his way to the grove of trees that seemed to be beckoning him.  There, he lay back and fell asleep for an hour. When he awoke, he was able to function enough to make use of the clear, running water and work on getting his body fit for the long walk home.
The strips of shirt dried quickly in the warm breeze and soon he was bandaged and trying out his leg for mobility. He looked, longingly, at his kill as it lay in the hot sun and sighed.  Even if it was still salvageable, there was no way that he’d be able to lug it home with that leg of his being the way that it was.  He’d have to leave it for some lucky beast to consume.  His eyes combed the ridge as he wondered just what type of animal that might be.  The herd looked fairly calm and contented, so he questioned if they encountered a predator very often in this little paradise of theirs.
It was then that he spotted a zombie making her way down the hillside toward his deer.  He froze in place and shallowed his breathing while he looked to see two more walking not far behind her.
He was grateful that his leg had stopped bleeding heavily and that he’d gutted the deer so that the smell of its blood would overshadow the smell of his own.  Even if it was only a small amount of blood oozing from him at that point, the breeze was blowing in their direction and he didn’t trust that the zombies wouldn’t have picked up on its scent, had the deer not been there.  After all, they may look like a human, but their humanity was long gone. They were mindless, unmerciful predators who were driven by animal instinct.
He wasn’t sure what to do.  He doubted that he’d be able to fight off three of them at once with his leg being in such a raw state.  He wished that he possessed the archery skills that Kendra had.  His aim was only fair. Because of this, he’d lost a good amount of arrows during the hunt, but he still had a few left.  If he used them on these zombies he’d have nothing for protection on the trip home.  Although he’d encountered nothing dangerous until now, that didn’t mean it would be smooth traveling back.  Zombies weren’t the only dangers to keep watch for. He was sure that he’d seen some bear tracks at one point.
He looked above his head and saw that the tree had a few sturdy looking branches that could act as a platform for him.  Taking advantage of the fact that the zombies were in the middle of a feeding frenzy, he climbed the tree and settled himself in.  He had no idea how long a wait he’d have before they moved on, but he guessed it would be quite a while. 
Deciding to make the most of the situation, he hung his water canteen on a nearby branch and removed the rope from it.  After making sure that he was in a position that he’d be able to stay in for hours and then tying himself securely to the tree, he closed his eyes and let his mind reminisce about his night of love making with Kendra until he finally fell into a deep, healing sleep.
The sun was creeping over the treetops when he finally awoke.  Even though the situation was precarious, he took a moment to appreciate the beauty around him.  Although the earth was regaining its health, it was rare to find a place as well healed as this.  It reminded him of the way things were before the holocaust. He knew that he’d want to return with Kendra at some point so that she too could see Mother Nature’s work in action.  If it wasn’t for the fact that their compound was so well set up, he’d be tempted to move them into this land of beauty.
He had no idea when the zombies had moved on, but he saw no sign of them.  He stayed as he was for ten more minutes to make sure that there were none about and then worked at untying the rope. His body was so stiff from being forced to remain in one position for so many hours that even his fingers refused to cooperate.  It took him far longer than it should have to work the knot free.
By the time he’d re-coiled the rope that was brought along for the purpose of trussing a large kill and packed it back into his hunter’s pack and then carefully shimmied down the tree the sun was illuminating the world in its usual aggressive manner.  He took a moment to relieve himself and then made his way to the running water. After satiating his thirst with the cool liquid, he filled his water container and then slung it over his shoulder.  Securing his hunter’s pack onto his back, he took a deep breath and called upon his wounded leg to keep up with the rest of his body as he headed toward home.
He’d traveled for a little over an hour at a pace much slower than normal when he felt the need to rest again.  His body glistened with sweat that was a product of the strain on his body more than the heat of the sun. He’d traveled into an area that was less lush than what he’d spent the night in, but it still had a few trees to offer shade.
His breathing was labored as he practically collapsed beneath the nearest tree.  He wanted to peek beneath the bandage, but was afraid to disturb it since there was no water nearby should anything get on the opened wound.  He guessed, by the swelling of his leg, that it was starting to infect.  His determination to get home where he’d get proper care for it as soon as possible was reinforced.
He succumbed to the overwhelming need to close his eyes and awoke a few hours later to surroundings that he didn’t recognize.  Disoriented, he scrambled to his feet with frightened urgency. His heart pounded against his ribcage as his cognitive senses slowly kicked in.  He steadied his breathing and forced his body to stop trembling from the surge of adrenaline that occurred.
His panic was replaced by frustration as he stood on his leg and found that the swelling was so bad that it barely had the strength to hold him.  He guessed that the remnants of poison, combined with the excessive loss of blood, was also having an impact on his condition.
He tried to pull a thin branch free from a tree to assist him in walking, but he found himself too weak to do it.  Angry tears welled in his eyes as he summoned all of his strength to do something that would have seemed like child’s play just a day earlier.
 Having exhausted his strength reserve, he found it necessary to sit down once again to allow his body to regenerate. Realizing that he’d yet to eat something, he pulled out a piece of jerky from the supply that he kept for moments such as this.   He could feel his body absorbing the needed energy that the dried meat provided. By the time he’d washed the last of it down with some of the fresh water that he’d collected that morning, he was feeling rejuvenated enough to try to move on.
Although it would have been nice to have a stick to help support him, he had no intention of battling with the tree and having to rest even more.  By the position of the sun, he could see that he’d already wasted most of the morning. If he wasn’t careful, it would be dark before he reached home.   The thought of spending another night in a tree gave him the fortitude to force his leg into action.
19
Kendra packed up the makeshift tent that she’d assembled for the night and doused the fire with the remnants of the pine tea she’d made.  It never tasted right when she made it, but, since she was on her own, it had to suffice.
She took a moment to look around her for something that would clue her in on where to look for Rex.  She was worried.  She’d taken the route that he’d clearly gone when he left the camp, but it was so late in the day by the time she’d gotten herself packed up and out the door that she’d had to make camp less than thirty minutes out.  She’d hoped that he’d see her campfire and join her on his way back to the compound.  The thought of making love to him beneath the night sky was erotically appealing. In fact, it occupied the little bit of dreaming she did for the few times that she’d drifted into a light sleep. Sleeping was dangerous when on your own at night, so she was careful to only allow short, light naps, but they were enough to keep her body going.
 Although she hadn’t done it often, Kendra was no stranger to overnight hunting trips. She’d learned early on how to keep her wits about her when alone in an area that threatened her well-being.  This was the first that she’d ventured outside of the compound since their arrival so she considered the unfamiliar territory a definite threat and would until she’d hunted and studied it better.
Her survival skills were a necessity that had come naturally to her when her aunt’s body gave out and she was no longer able to sufficiently hunt for the family.  Without Olga’s knowledge, Kendra had practiced with the bow and arrow until she felt confident enough in her skills to venture out in search of game. The first time that she brought home rabbits for dinner was when Olga learned of her new, self-appointed role in the family.  Rather than scold her niece for doing something so risky as to hunt away from the safety of their home alone and without her permission, she praised her for her fortitude and thanked her for her help.  From that moment on, at the tender age of eleven, Kendra assumed the role of hunter and family protector.  
Now, eight years later, with her belongings secured on her back, her skills fine-tuned, and her confidence at its optimum, she set out to track and bring home the most precious thing of all.  The man that she loved.
Although she doubted that a drone would be flying overhead this deep into zombie land, habit made her look overhead anyway.  Secure that there was no threat from above, she slowly paced around the perimeter of her make-shift camp until she found the tracks that she was sure belonged to Rex and headed off in that direction.
It was nearly noon by the time she spotted him limping across the clearing. Her fears were correct. He was injured!
She raced as fast as her legs would carry her to him. He stopped and looked at her, but she questioned if he realized who she was. He seemed disoriented.
“What happened?” she breathlessly blurted out as she flew into his unsteady arms.
She could feel him immediately shift the burden of his weight onto her and questioned if she’d be able to handle it.  She was strong, but he had a body that was solid muscle and over six feet in height.  Since her shoulder slid easily beneath his armpit, she tightened the muscles in her back so that her body stood erect enough to act as a crutch until they reached an area with more covering and she could inspect his injury.
By the time they managed to get to the edge of the woods that she’d rushed out into the clearing from, she was drenched with both his sweat and her own.
“I’m so sorry,” he managed to eke out between heavy intakes of air.
“What happened?” she asked with concern as she helped him lower his body onto a small boulder.
“I killed a deer and was bringing it home when a rattler got me.”
“Rattler? There are poisonous snakes here?” she exclaimed as she jumped to her feet and inspected the ground around them.
“I was surprised,” he panted.  “I cut out most of the poison, but some got in my system. Plus, I think the wound’s infected.” 
Kendra studied their surroundings.  It was a less than ideal place to make camp, but she questioned if she could get him much further. Since she wasn’t sure how long they’d have to stay in one place, she decided to try.
“We’re going to have to make camp while we get you better,” she said in a soft, soothing tone. “I passed a creek not far from here.  Can you go a little further?”
“I can go all the way home,” he said in a weak, unconvincing tone.
“Sure,” she grinned, worriedly, as she put his arm around her shoulder and helped him to stand, “but I’m going to be selfish. I had visions of making love to you under the stars and I fully intend to do it before I have to share you again.”
Rex gave a weak chuckle. “I see I unleashed a tiger.”
It took them twice as long as it should have to get to the area that she had in mind, but they finally made it.  After removing his bandage and immersing his leg in the cool, flowing water, Kendra busied herself with setting up camp. Reunited with the young woman who he’d found he’d fallen in love with and feeling like things were finally going to be alright, Rex rested his back against the bank of the creek and closed his eyes. Within seconds, he was sound asleep.
Kendra kept a close eye on him, but didn’t bother to try to wake him.  His wound was angry with infection and needed time in the water to help tame it while his body needed the sleep.  As long as he didn’t slide into the creek and drown, she intended to leave him as he was until he awoke on his own.
She’d collected some pine needles and brewed a tea for drinking as well as a healing tea that was made with willow bark and pine needles to use as an antibiotic by the time Rex stirred.  A few squirrels that had the misfortune of crossing her path were roasting over the campfire.  Praise for their delicious aroma was the first thing that came from his lips.
“Other than a piece of jerky, I haven’t eaten since yesterday morning.  I was about to eat my boot when you came along,” he teased.
“I left in a hurry without considerations of camping for any length of time so there are no spices for this squirrel.  Your boot might have tasted better.”
Rex chuckled as he pulled his leg from the water. “My skin’s as shriveled as an old man’s.” 
“Yes, but the wound looks better,” she said as she helped him sit near the camp fire. “I was hoping that you’d wake up before it got too dark.”
He looked at the setting sun and sighed. “I’ve slept more today than I usually do in a week.”
“You needed it.”
“Is that tea in the pot?” he asked with eager anticipation.
“I want to take care of your wound and then I’ll feed you,” she said with a firmness that reminded him of Olga. 
He clenched his teeth from the pain as the still warm healing tea was poured over his open wound.  Little by little, the pain subsided until it was nothing more than a dull ache.
“What’s in that?” he asked approvingly as he watched her pat the wound dry and bandage it with fresh bandages from her medical kit.
“You might get cold tonight,” she said as she looked at the goosebumps forming on his shirtless torso. “My shirts won’t fit you.”
“I might have something in my hunter’s pack, but I doubt it. I hadn’t planned on being more than a few hours.   I only brought the bare necessities.”
Kendra rummaged through his hunter’s pack, but knew before she started that she’d find nothing. She was thankful that she’d had the foresight to pack supplies for a makeshift camp. If she huddled close to him, it should be enough warmth to prevent him from getting sick and complicating the situation.
She tended to him with the care of a woman in love, fed him, and then settled them in for the night.  The nearness of his body was tortuous to her newly awakened womanly senses, but she refrained from doing anything that might encourage him to make love to her.  There would be time for that once he was healed and strong again.
As she’d done the night before, she allowed herself short cat naps as she worried over his feverish thrashing in his sleep while she kept watch during the night. She wasn’t used to seeing him in a vulnerable state. He’d been the strong protector that they’d grown to depend upon since he’d slipped into their camp a few months ago. She smiled at how quickly her aunt had accepted him. It took her a bit longer, but, when she did, it was with all of her heart.
With the sun soon to crest over the horizon, Kendra felt confident in allowing her body a few hours of deeper sleep. Rex’s fever had broken in the night and she was certain that he would awaken soon.  His leg may be injured, but his mind and senses weren’t. He could alert her if there was danger amiss. 
She reveled in the most erotic dream of his lips consuming her body. It was pure bliss.  It was when his fingers slipped inside of her while his thumb teased her sensitive nub that she opened her eyes to see that it wasn’t a dream after all.  
He didn’t give her the opportunity to protest about his physical condition being too precarious for lovemaking before he covered her lips with his own. She moaned her protest, but it was lost in the heights of passion that was quickly consuming her.  When she finally managed to push him onto his back, his look of worry that she might stop what was happening quickly shifted to lustful anticipation as she stripped off her pants and climbed atop of him.  
A tremendous amount of built up anxiety was released as she rode him until he could hold back no longer. He tried to lift her off of him during his peak, but she stubbornly remained atop of him while he released his seed deep inside of her.  She knew that the odds of him impregnating her were great, but she didn’t care.  In fact, the idea of creating a life with the man that she loved was most appealing. 
“That was risky,” he said when he finally completed his peak. “You’ll probably get pregnant.”
“Don’t you want children?”
“With you?” he said in a husky, throaty voice. “I’d take a dozen with you, my love.  It’s just that you’re so young…”
“If the regime knew about me, I’d have already birthed several babies by now,” she interjected.
“That’s very true,” he said with a sigh.
“I love you,” she whispered as she leaned forward and teased his nipple with her tongue and teeth. “I can’t imagine not having you in my life and I can’t remember what my life was like before you came along.  I want to have children with you, Rex.  I do.”
“Damn,” he sighed as he writhed from her ministrations.  As he began to move inside of her again, he managed to choke out, “I didn’t think I’d ever find happiness again. Sometimes I have to pinch myself to make sure that you aren’t a dream, my beauty.” 
Consumed with the lust of new lovers, they made love until neither could function and then lay naked in the warmth of the day while their bodies rejuvenated.
“How long will we have to camp here?” Rex asked as he rolled onto his side, propped his body up with his elbow, and traced the circumference of her pert, rosy nipple with his fingertip.
“As long as it takes for your wound to heal enough for you to walk without my help,” she replied as she arched her back so that her breasts stood at attention and stretched in a satisfied, cat-like manner. 
“I hope it takes a long, long time,” he whispered as his hand found her womanhood and his lips consumed her pert nipple once again.
20
Ari paced the interior of the small spa house. “I know that was her leaving the grounds late yesterday. I’d recognize her anywhere.”
“This isn’t working like we thought it would,” Baelil complained.  “Did you see her come back?”
“Not before dark,” Ari grumbled. “We need to get out of here.  I don’t trust that old woman.  She looks at me funny.”
“I get creeped out when she looks at me. It’s like she wants to eat me or something,” Baelil said with a shudder. “Do you think they’re cannibals?”
“I didn’t get that impression from Kendra, but the old woman gives me pause to wonder.  What’s with the long stares?”
“Beats me,” Baelil said. “We dirtied up enough. I’m sure of that.”  After a moment of silence, he added, “Why do they have a mutant living with them?”
“I hope he’s castrated and hasn’t gotten his hands on Kendra,” Ari grumbled.
“That is a concern, isn’t it?” Baelil mused. “Wait. Isn’t he her cousin? Didn’t I hear that?”
“If so, it would depend upon how close a cousin he is,” Ari said with a slow shake of her head. “If these people are living such an isolated life, there’s a good chance that he’s bedding her, no matter what level of cousin he is.”
“Unless he’s been castrated,” Baelil reminded her.
“Did you see a band?” 
He shook his head. “I wasn’t looking at him that close. How about you?”
“I couldn’t take my eyes off that old woman.” Ari shuddered. “She’s got a piercing stare.”
“Spooky,” Baelil whispered.
“Spooky,” Ari repeated. “Definitely spooky.”
Brother and sister continued to pace the perimeter of the room, stopping to peer out of the window now and then until Baelil could stand no more.
Determined that it was time to break free from the place, he sat his sister down so that they could put their heads together and decide what to do.
They’d hobbled and hidden their horses a few miles east of the compound.  Hoping that it would be the crippled mutant and not the scary old woman who came with their dinner, they made a plan to ambush him and escape.  Even if it was dark, they’d take the chance of traveling by night rather than spend another moment locked up like animals.
As luck would have it, it was the old woman who brought dinner that night.  Undaunted, Baelil when ahead with his plans for escape and when her guard was down, he punched her in the jaw as hard as he could.  The sound of her body crashing to the floor was startling.  He’d never hit a woman before, no matter what cause he may have had to do so. He pushed back the guilt as he grabbed his stunned sister’s hand and raced out of the building.  They briefly stopped with their bodies flattened against the building’s exterior while they watched and listened for signs of the mutant.  Baelil had grabbed the old woman’s bow and arrow and was prepared to use it on the mutant if need be.  He hoped not. Even though Felix was a mutant, he was still a person and Baelil had never killed a person before.  It was bad enough to have hit a woman for the first time without adding killing for the first time to the events of the day.
Assured that the coast was clear, they raced to the fence and quickly slid through it.  They didn’t allow themselves to breathe until they’d reached their horses and were mounted on their backs.  
It was too dark to travel fast. Since the horse’s vision exceeded theirs in the night, they pointed their horses in the direction that they wanted to go and, trustingly, let them pick their way.  
“This is a bit nerve wracking,” Ari said in a hushed tone.
“The horses will sense danger,” Baelil assured her. “It’s safer than you might think.”
“I guess I’m just uncomfortable with not knowing where I’m going.”
“We can stop for the night, if you prefer,” he offered while hoping that she’d refuse.
“Maybe in a bit,” Ari said with hesitancy. As much as she wanted to stop, she wanted distance between her and that spooky lady and her mutant more.
They’d traveled for another half an hour in silence when Baelil pulled his horse to a stop and reached over to do the same with Ari’s mount. 
His voice was just above a whisper. “I smell smoke.”
Ari sniffed.  It was faint, but she smelled it too.
They dismounted, tied their horses to a tree, and then cautiously crept in the direction of the smoke. It wasn’t long before they spotted the low light of a campfire.  Upon closer inspection, they were able to see a man and a woman lying next to it.  It was dark, but Baelil was fairly certain that they were in the throes of passion.
“I recognize that long, silken hair,” Ari said in a hushed tone. “I’m positive that’s Kendra.”
“Did she sneak off to a lover’s rendezvous?” Baelil asked with amusement.
“I can’t imagine that old woman allowing that,” Ari said. “Just from the little we saw, she appeared to be strict.”
“That’s probably why they had to sneak off,” he chuckled.
With Kendra and Rex so involved in their love making, it was easy for Baelil and Ari to approach the camp unnoticed. The sight of Kendra’s naked body moving atop of the equally naked body of a near perfect male made Ari’s loins ache with need. She stole a glance in her brother’s direction.  She’d had oral sex a few times, but that was it. Her brother, on the other hand, was a member of the breeding team and was, therefore, accustomed to having sex daily; sometimes more than once a day.  He’d been denied sex for over a month while searching for Kendra.  If she was reacting to the sight in such a way, she could only imagine what it was doing to him.
Baelil felt an unexplainable sense of jealous rage as he watched the girl’s beautiful body move in a sensual way that was meant to bring her lover to his height of passion.  His blood boiled as she arched her back so that her breasts were easily accessible to his large hands. Her nipples jutted out as they slid between her lover’s fingers as he kneaded her bulbous mounds in an intimate and lusty manner. Baelil’s loins ached when he noticed how meaty and abundant her breasts were for such a petite frame. 
His green eyes studied her closely. Her slender waist made her hips and breasts even more prominent in appearance. She had the epitome of the hourglass figure. 
The sound of her lover reaching his peak grated on his nerves.  He snarled as he watched her drop her head back and raise her hands high over her head while the man’s strong hands dug into the flesh of her hips while he held her in place so that he could push himself deeper inside of her.
“He’s going to impregnate her, if he hasn’t already,” Baelil snarled as he rushed forward and kicked Rex in his temple with the toe of his boot. 
While observing their lovemaking, Baelil saw that the man was wounded, but he also noted the solid muscles on his large frame. He’d been through enough to find this girl without enduring a battle with her lover as well. So, he rushed forward to take them unawares and kicked him in the head. It wasn’t a hard enough kick to kill him, but it was enough to knock him out for the necessary time needed to steal Kendra away.
Ari stood in stunned amazement as she watched Baelil pull Kendra off of the comatose man. Kendra screamed from the shock of the intrusion as well as the sight of her lover’s bloody temple as he lay, lifeless, on the ground while Baelil dragged her to the creek.  It took a moment for her to come to her senses enough to follow them.
She reached the creek bed just in time to witness Baelil forcibly cleansing Kendra’s womanhood.  Seeing his sister standing on the bank, he order her to get him a rag of some sort.  It took him asking several times before she sprang into action and did his bidding. 
Soaking the rag with the cold water, he shoved it deep inside of her and did his best to clean out as much of the sperm as he could. With any luck, he’d prevented conception.
Kendra’s wild struggling required that he hold her firmly against his body.  The feel of her naked softness against his own manhood was almost overwhelming.  He looked at her heaving breasts in the moonlight and had to fight off the urge to take one of her pert, protruding nipples into his own mouth.  He could just imagine their sweetness.
“You’d better stop fighting me or you’ll find me taking you right here and now,” he said in a husky tone in her ear.
Kendra froze.  He already had one hand clasp tightly over a breast while his cloth covered fingers worked inside of her in a way that was anything but intimate.  With her body still, she could feel the hardness of his manhood beneath his pants and knew that he spoke the truth.
“Who are you?” she demanded in a tone that showed no fear.
Baelil stayed silent as he continued to soak the cloth and shove it deep inside of her.
“Is that really necessary?” Ari asked. Seeing her brother make merry with Kendra’s female parts was surprisingly and uncomfortably arousing.
“I’m trying to prevent conception,” he barked. “So, yes it is.” 
Ari was shocked at how still Kendra stayed as her brother manhandled her.  She’d have accused him of using this as an excuse to explore the girl’s nakedness, but she’d seen her brother take a woman by force more than once.  If he wanted Kendra, he’d take her. “I didn’t know you could prevent conception that way.”
“It’s not foolproof, but it’s been known to work,” Baelil said as he completed his task and tossed the rag away. Looking down at Kendra, he only then noticed what his hand was gripping.  He took a deep breath and pushed his manhood against her body as he lightly kneaded her breast.  When she made no move to stop him, but looked him defiantly in the eye instead, he stopped. “You’re not afraid of me, are you?”
“I kill beasts. I don’t fear them,” she hissed.
He threw his head back and laughed whole heartedly as he dragged her out of the water.  She noted that his frame was similar to Rex’s; as was his strength. In fact, at the moment, he was stronger than poor Rex who was still recovering from the snake bite.
“I want to check on Rex,” she hissed as she pulled against him.
“Is that his name?” Baelil said as he continued to grip her wrist and drag her behind him.  “Ari, grab some clothes for this lovely lady to put on before I forget my mission and have my way with her.  This body of hers is far too tempting.”
“Ari?” Kendra gasped as her head spun around to get a better look at her. “I remember you.”
“I’m sorry,” Ari said as she grabbed as much of Kendra’s things as she could and rushed to keep up with them.
 “You aren’t just leaving him like that! You can’t!” Kendra bellowed as she fought to free herself from Baelil’s grip.
Baelil pulled her close and gripped her naked buttocks with his strong hands.  “I’m warning you here and now. I’ve been through a lot and forfeited even more to find you. It’s our policy not to mount a woman who’s been mounted by another man until after she had her next cycle. It prevents confusion over fatherhood that way.  But, if you keep resisting me, I just might break that rule and reward myself for all of my sacrifices and suffering by having you anyway.  Test me on this and you will find that I speak truth. 
“Listen to him, Kendra,” Ari urged. “He takes women by force.”
Kendra gasped at Ari’s confession while Ari gasped at the fact that she’d made it.  She waited to see what type of response such words would bring from her brother and was surprised to see his brilliant white smile in the moonlight.
“I don’t know if I’d call it rape.  It’s more like claiming my right,” he said in a soft tone. “I sit at the head of the breeding committee and am allowed whatever female I desire, whenever I desire.”  He shrugged. “There have been a few times when the female wasn’t ready. That’s all.”
“That’s rape,” Kendra hissed.
He lowered his head so that it was close to her ear and whispered. “I liked it enough to do it again, little one.  So, just keep fighting me.”
“Here are your clothes,” Ari said, nervously as she shoved Kendra’s clothes at her.
Baelil quickly grabbed them and announced that he’d help her dress.  It took all of her will not to punch him in the nose as he deliberately slid his hand along the intimate parts of her body as he adjusted her shirt and pants over her curves.  He even went so far as to demand that she place her hands on his shoulders while he put her boots on her feet for her.
The experience could have been excitingly sensual with the right person. As it was, it was torturously irritating as she struggled to figure out how to get back to Rex and make sure that he was okay.
When they reached the horses, Baelil insisted that Kendra ride in front of him instead of behind him.  He strong arm wrapped around her waist with his thumb occasionally toying with her nipple to break up the monotony of the long, arduous trip through the night.
With the trees’ foliage blocking much of the moon’s rays, Ari wasn’t able to see much whenever she was close enough to check on her brother and Kendra, but she was positive that his hand was beneath her shirt instead of outside of it. When she saw his strong hand slide up to tease Kendra’s nipple she was filled with mixed emotions.  Part of her was excited by the sight while the other part of her was disgusted. Did he think that it was too dark for her to see? Or, did he just not care. She’d known that her brother took women at will, but it was always under the guise of breeding.  What he was doing to Kendra had nothing to do with replenishing humanity. Nothing at all.
She suddenly regretting her role in finding the girl.  
21
Felix sat on the front porch steps with his elbows resting on his knees, his head held low, and the shotgun an easy reach on the porch floor next to him. Things were a mess and he had no idea what to do about it.  Kendra and Rex were missing and his aunt lay on the sofa in the great room with a bag of ice on her face. When he pouted about her condition and declared his remorse over having left the cave and exposing themselves to strangers like they had, she scolded him and said that they should be happy that there was ice to treat it. Had they still been living in the cave, she’d be suffering a lot more.  When he proceeded to express concern over the fact that Kendra and Rex had been gone for two nights, she reminded him of the many times that Kendra had gone out hunting and how it had taken several days for her to return. She’d insisted that it wasn’t yet time to worry.
He wished that he had a bow and arrow instead of the shotgun, but Kendra had taken hers, Rex had his with him, and Olga’s was stolen by that evil brother and sister.
“Good ridden to them,” he grumbled to no one in particular. “Auntie didn’t like the feel of them and she was right.”  He thought of how Olga had immediately seen the good in Rex and added, “She’s always right.”
“Who’s always right?” Olga asked as she stood in the doorway. “Who are you talking to?”
Felix pointed to a squirrel climbing a nearby tree and grinned. “He’s a good listener.”
Olga shook her head. “We have to get you a mate, boy.”
Felix’s face fell at her words.  He’d never expressed the fact that he’d been hoping upon hope to be paired up with Kendra to either Kendra or his aunt. He knew that the fact that they were first cousins didn’t make it an ideal pairing, but he’d hoped that it could be overlooked since they led such an isolated existence. When Rupert left, his hopes increased.  Until Rex showed up, that is.
He couldn’t hate Rex.  He was too likable a guy for that.  He also couldn’t blame Rex for falling in love with Kendra.  He’d watched the man since he’d joined up with them. He saw how Rex resisted his attraction to Kendra, but he could also see how right they were for each other.  It was only a matter of time before Rex succumbed to the attraction.
He found himself wondering what would have happened if the brother and sister had turned out to be decent like Rex. Would he have been paired up with the girl? He wouldn’t have minded.  She was a pretty little thing, after all, and only a year or two older than him.  
What about the brother? He was just as strong as Rex, equally good looking, and closer to Kendra in age. Would he have given Rex competition for Kendra’s attentions?
“Your mind’s pretty far away, son. What are you thinking about?” Olga asked as she eased her body down next to him.
“How’s your head?” Felix asked, hoping to avoid discussing his thoughts with her.
“It’s pounding pretty hard.  I could use some willow bark,” she said as she rested her forehead against the rail post.
Felix leapt to his feet. “Sit tight and I’ll get it.”
Olga closed her eyes against the setting sun’s brilliant rays that skirted across the tree tops to assault her vision. She was furious with herself for letting her guard down around that odd boy and girl.  Something about them didn’t feel right. They were hiding something. She just wished that she knew what it was.  She’d probably never find out now.
Felix returned with her headache powder and she took it gratefully.  She’d been punched almost twenty-four hours earlier, yet her head still hurt.  By the color and size of the bruise on the left side of her face, she had a pretty good idea of the power behind the punch that she’d received. Her guess was that she had a mild concussion and that was why her head wouldn’t stop pounding.
Olga was just as worried about Kendra and Rex as Felix was, but she refused to show it.  It would only make things worse.  She was in no condition to go looking for them and wouldn’t be until she was able to stand and walk around without hammers pounding at the inside of her head.  There was also the fact that they had no weapon other than a shotgun that neither of them knew how to use. She cursed the boy and his sister. It was bad enough that he’d injured her. Did he have to take her bow as well?
They sat on the porch until the moon finished exchanging places with the sun. Even though the solar panels provided plenty of electricity, they’d lived so long by the rotation of the sun that they found it difficult to stay up once the sun went down.
With the agreement that, if Kendra didn’t return by the following afternoon, they’d pack up in preparation to go searching for her, they bid each other goodnight and went to bed.
Felix was in that state of relaxation just before sleep took over when he heard a commotion on the porch.  His heart competed with his body as to who could exit the bed first.  His heart almost won.
Creeping down the hall to the great room, he left the lights off so that whoever or whatever was outside wouldn’t be alerted of his presence.  When he saw the shadow of a tall man creep past the window, he raced to the kitchen to grab a knife.  Holding it in both hands, he stared at the door while whoever was outside turned the knob. 
His breath caught in his throat as the door slowly opened and the shadow hobbled in.  Raising his knife in preparation to defend himself, he flicked on the lights.
Rex covered his eyes from the sudden glare while Felix dropped the knife, bellowed for his aunt to wake up, and then rushed to his side.
Since she had yet to fall asleep, Olga was helping Felix get Rex to the sofa in record time. When she saw his bandaged leg and gashed temple, she gasped with shock while Felix badgered him with questions that he was hard pressed to answer.  
“Leave him for the moment, Felix,” Olga barked. “Let me check the wounds.”  She took Rex’s chin in her hand and turned his face so that the light hit his wounded temple. “What happened here?”
“I couldn’t say, exactly.  I think I was kicked.  I was ambushed and didn’t get a look at the fella, but I’m pretty sure that’s what happened.”
“Damn,” Felix softly muttered.
“And the leg?” Olga asked as she removed the bandage.  
“A rattler,” he muttered as he rested his head on the back of the sofa and closed his eyes.
“Don’t be going to sleep on me, Rex.  I’m thinking you have a concussion,” Olga said, firmly.
“I was out for a long time,” he complained, “but I haven’t been right since the snake bit me. I made that cut to get out the poison, but I didn’t get it all.”
“It’s infected,” Olga mused.
“It was worse,” he said weakly. “Kendra cleaned it up.”
“Kendra?” Felix eagerly said. “Where is she?”
“Whoever kicked me in the head took her,” Rex moaned. He looked Olga in the eyes as best as he could. “Can you fix me up enough so that I can go looking for her?”
Olga was sick inside. She wasn’t sure, but she suspected that it was the boy and his sister who’d done this to Rex and kidnapped Kendra. Were they sent by the regime? If so, why didn’t they just send cyborgs to do their dirty work?  It didn’t make sense.
She didn’t know how to answer Rex. Of course, she wanted him to rush right out and find her niece, but he was in no condition to do it.  Nor was she. Not yet, anyway.
She didn’t dare send Felix on his own.  Of course, his worry over Kendra would make him want to go, but she was afraid that if he met up with anyone, they’d take him for a mutant.  That couldn’t happen.
“I’ll do my best,” she finally said, “but only if you promise me that you won’t leave until I say you’re ready.”  When Rex made to protest, she raised her hand. “Kendra is my flesh and blood.  She’s like a daughter to me. You don’t know what mess she’s caught up in or the conditions of her rescue. You’ll be no good to her if you aren’t decently healed. Promise me you’ll not leave until I say so and I’ll fix you up.”
Rex heaved a sigh before slowly nodding.
Olga took Rex’s hand. “I know you love my niece and I’m glad for it.  I love her too.  Let’s get you fixed up so that you can bring her home, shall we?”
While Olga worked on properly tending to Rex’s wounds, Felix proceeded to tell him about their unwanted visitors.
22
It was almost two months since she’d been kidnapped and Kendra still hadn’t figured out where she was or how to escape.  Her ride through the night on horseback with Baelil had been grueling and offensive as he’d made merry with her breasts to the point that her nipples were sore by the time the sun was on the horizon.  With the light of day making it easy for his sister to observe his antics, he’d pulled his hand from beneath her shirt and simply held her abdomen so tight that her buttocks was jammed into his enlarged manhood.  His occasional moan of pleasure when the horse’s gait grew ragged, making her backside rub into him in a suggestive way, made her want to vomit. He’d questioned her on multiple occasions as to when her cycle was due, but she refused to answer him.
Ari tried to converse with her a few times, but she too was met with silence.  Not only did Kendra have no use for either of them, but her mind was occupied with worry over Rex’s wellbeing.
Baelil had Ari go ahead of them and draw away the attention of anyone who might be interested in their arrival so that he could sneak her into the village.  He locked her into a small room in his house as soon as they arrived and checked for her menses daily.  When it finally came, he eagerly forced her into his bed.  
She’d seen little of Ari since her arrival.  In fact, she saw no one but Baelil. It was obvious that he wanted to keep the fact that she was there a secret.  At one point, she’d tried to escape through the window, but was caught by her evil captor.  He punished her by stripping her naked and removing her clothes from the room.  When she took the sheets from the bed and made a toga for herself to wear so that she could attempt escaping again, he tied her naked body to the bed posts.  Furious, he left her that way for several days while taunting her about how much easier it was to enjoy her lusciousness to its fullest without her resistance.
To her horror and disgust, he did just that.
It was time for her to bleed again, but she felt no signs of its oncoming.  Had the beast finally impregnated her?
When he saw that her spirit was finally broken, he untied her. With her desire to resist him depleted, she quickly learned that his treatment of her was far kinder the more she cooperated with him. She also discovered that she was able to enjoy his expert sexual advances while still hating him.  To her surprise, one had nothing to do with the other.
She was fairly certain that she was pregnant and equally sure that there was nothing to be done about it.  Wherever she was, they were strong advocates of the breeding program set forth by the regime.  She expected to see a cyborg or two wandering around and was surprised that she still hadn’t.  Then, she’d yet to be allowed out of her room to explore. Perhaps the cyborgs were on the outskirts of the village.
The sound of the key turning in the lock caught her attention and she backed up against the wall. She was still naked.  She’d asked for the return of her clothes, but Baelil had yet to do it.  She sometimes wondered if she’d be able to stand clothing again after being so used to walking around in her birthday suit.
The rich aroma of the thick stew aroused her stomach and it grumbled unmercifully.
“Ah, you are hungry, then?” Baelil said with a grin that Kendra knew all too well. “If you behave yourself, I’ll let you eat every last drop.”
Kendra heaved a sigh.  A few weeks ago, he’d have needed to make a deal with her to get her cooperation, but not anymore.  She’d succumbed to her fate. She was his sex slave, plain and simple.  Fighting him only made things worse and she was tired of fighting. Very, very tired of it.
“I won’t fight you,” she muttered as she went to the bed and complaisantly lay, waiting, on her back.
Baelil chuckled with satisfaction as he licked his lips in anticipation. “That’s what I like. Obedience in my woman is a must in order to get the utmost pleasure out of our coupling.  You understand that, don’t you, baby?”
He set the stew down on the bedside table.  The saliva built up in her mouth as her stomach begged for just one bite, but she swallowed it back as he buried his head in the apex of her thighs and began to tease her sensitive nub with his strong tongue.
She thought about the night that she was taken and how Ari had warned her about the fact that her brother forced himself on women. He’d done that with her in the beginning, but was he forcing her now?   She was willingly succumbing to it, was she not?  The fact that she’d learned to separate her body’s responses to his ministrations from her mind also made it more consensual than forced. It may not have started out that way, but that’s what it became over time. 
She hated to admit it, but she actually looked forward to Baelil’s visits. It was partly because the sex was the only thing to break up the monotony of her existence in that tiny room and partly because she’d grown to not only like the things that he did to her, but she craved them.  Soon, she had her legs wrapped around his neck and was urging him to take her to her highest peak of passion.  When he did so, she pulled his head up to her breasts and reveled in his suckling while his hands took over for his tongue.
“I love you, Kendra,” he whispered. It was something that he said every time he took her, so she didn’t take it seriously.
“I love what you do to me,” was her usual reply.  Was she lying? Nope. She loved the things that he did to her body and the way it made her feel. She just didn’t love him.
His thrusts were strong and deep as he continued to utter his love for her in a cadence that matched the rhythm of his love making.  She allowed her body to relax and enjoy the sensation of his engorged manhood as it found her internal g-spot in time for them to peak simultaneously.  
More than once, he’d made mention of how good they were together.  Since she’d only had sex with Rex before him and wasn’t the expert that he was, she had to take his word for it. She had to admit, though, to herself if to no one else, that they did seem to match each other in desires and actions quite nicely.  If only she could love him. Sadly, Rex occupied that place in her heart and he probably always would. She’d have to make do with the pleasures of the flesh and ignore the agony of her heart.
He took her two more times before he allowed her to eat her food.  It had cooled down considerably, but it was still delicious.
She was aware that he watched her as she ate unabashedly, but she didn’t question the fact that he’d remained in the room until every spoonful of the stew was consumed.
“Why are you still here?” she asked as she shoved the bowl onto the nightstand and laid back on the bed with the pillows propped behind her.
“They found out about you,” he said in a soft tone.
“Who is they?” she asked with little care as to the answer. 
“I’ve been hiding you in here so that I didn’t have to share you,” he confessed. “There is a breeding law here.  I’m supposed to pass you around. One month with me and then on to the next guy until you’re pregnant.”
“Legal whoring then, eh?” she said with a sarcastic tone. “Did you stop to think that maybe I don’t want to be a one man whore?”
“You’re not my whore,” he spat as he stood and began to pace the room. She cackled and raised a brow. “You have me several times a day. What would you call it then?”
““There’s something about you that I can’t get enough of. I’ve never wanted a woman like I want  you. It’s a driving force from deep within.  It’s love.  You’re not my whore.  I call it love,” he whispered.
“Be serious, Baelil,” she said with sarcastic disdain.
“I was hoping that, in time, you’d love me back.”
“How can you say that you love me?” she asked, incredulously. “You don’t even know me. You come in here and use my body for your pleasure, pour your seed inside of me in hopes of impregnating me, and then leave me naked and locked in here when you’re done. This is the most we’ve ever talked.”
“You don’t need to talk to someone to fall in love with them.  I fell in love with you the moment I set eyes on you.  I don’t want to share you. I can’t share you.”
“How do you intend to stop it?” she asked; hoping upon hope that he had a plan because she didn’t want to be shared any more than he wanted to share her.
“Are you pregnant? If you’re pregnant we’ll at least have until he baby is born before I have to let you go.”
“I won’t know for another week,” she said with obvious disappointment.  From the sound of things, pregnancy was only a way to delay the inevitable.
“Then, marry me,” he blurted out. “If you’re my wife, I don’t have to put you into the rotation.”
“I don’t love you, Baelil,” she muttered.
“It’s either marry me or hope that you’re pregnant,” he said with a firmness that frightened her.
Swallowing hard, she weighed her options. She didn’t love him, but the hate that she’d felt for him had softened to a tolerable dislike. If she married him, she’d more than likely be let out of that room and, with any luck, would find a way to escape. If she wasn’t pregnant, that is. The thought of trying to find her way back to her family while carrying a child was a frightening thought.  She looked out of the window at the people walking by. It took her a very long time to give in to her fate and allow herself to endure and, even enjoy, Baelil’s sex visits.  Would she be able to do it over and over again with strangers? She sincerely doubted it.
“Well?”  he urged. “They’re waiting for me to bring them an answer.  What will it be? Rotation or marriage?”
“I’ll marry you,” she muttered softly.
He grinned broadly as he rushed to the bed and took her in his arms. “I was hoping that you’d say that.”  His lips consumed her unresponsive ones before he moved them down her throat to her breasts.  His words sounded garbled as he spoke while suckling her nipple, “You’ll learn to love me just as you learned to love this.”
She said nothing as she spread her legs to allow his hands free access to her womanhood.  Within seconds, she’d forgotten all about the fact that she was now engaged to a man who she didn’t know and could barely tolerate while her mind abandoned her body so that it could revel in its lusty pleasures, unhindered.
He stayed the night, leaving his seed deep inside of her over and over again with only a few hours sleep in between the sessions of hard, lust filled sex.  It was as if he was sealing the deal and claiming her fully.  By morning, she was so sore that she could barely walk.
He woke her by tossing a loose fitting dress on her face.  She sleepily pulled it off and held it out to get a better look at it.
“What’s this?” she asked with a voice that indicated that it was the first it was being used since awakening.
“It’s your wedding gown,” he said as he yanked the sheet from atop of her and pulled at her ankles until she was closer to the bottom of the bed where he stood. “Don’t put it on yet.  I want to have a few go rounds before we get married.”
She groaned and, with a burst of courage, shamelessly placed her hand over her womanhood. “No more.  I’m raw from last night.”
“There’s other things you can do, baby,” he said in a husky, deep voice that belied his lust.
She looked at his bulging manhood as he held it while he moved closer and groaned. This was something that he’d not yet asked her to do. It was, to her, an act of intimacy that should be reserved for the one man that she truly did love, Rex.  She had no intention of sullying the act by doing it for Baelil. She choked back the tears as she frantically thought on what to do.  Her body seemed to have the answer even if she didn’t.  Without warning, she bent over the side of the bed and emptied her stomach’s contents onto the floor.
23
Olga leaned her back against the porch railing as she watched Rex slip through the perimeter fence and headed toward the house with his head hung low.  She could tell by the slumping of his shoulders and his slow, methodical walk that he’d been unsuccessful in his search for Kendra, once again.
As he climbed the stairs, she said in a mournful tone, “That girl is like a daughter to me, so it pains me to say this, but it’s been several months… maybe we should stop torturing ourselves.  She’s more than likely in the hands of the alien regime.  All we can hope for is that they entered her into the reproduction program and not done worse with her.”
“The regime isn’t all alien,” Rex said in an off-handed way.
“The people  in charge are owned by the aliens.  Don’t make the mistake of thinking differently.”
 “I should have gone after her right away.  The tracks would have been fresh and undisturbed.  I could have found her then. I know that I could have,” he muttered.
“Are you blaming me?” Olga asked with surprise.
“I’m blaming no one. I’m just saying that it was crummy luck for me to be in such bad shape.”
She  looked down at her feet and slowly shook her head. “And me.  I had a concussion.”
“You don’t  track anyway,” Rex said, matter-of-factly.
“I’d still have gone after her,” Olga testily replied.
When Rex reached the top of the stairs, he set his bow against the house and positioned himself next to his friend with his back against the railing as well. “I don’t mean to take it out on you.  I know that you’re hurting just as much as I am.”
“She was just a few years old when they killed her parents and destroyed our home. I’ve raised the child as my own since then,” Olga interjected.
Rex nodded. “I’m just frustrated.  I can feel her reaching out to me when I get to a certain area. It’s like she’s right there, but all that I see is wilderness.  I’ve gone back there multiple times and the same thing happens each time.  It’s enough to drive a man insane.”  He placed his elbows on the rail and stretched his feet out before him. Looking at the thick layer of dust on his well-used boots, he said, “Tell me again about the  brother and sister.”
“They had to be the ones to take her,” Olga insisted as she turned so that her stomach was leaning against the rail and  looked out over the courtyard.  “I mean, they break out and then Kendra gets kidnapped. That’s way too coincidental.”
“What was their story?”
“They didn’t really have  a valid one, which was why I locked them up.  They had clothes that looked new underneath and excessive amounts of dirt that appeared smudged all over them on purpose. It was as if they were trying to support their story of being lost.  Their shoes weren’t worn in the least and had very little soil on them for having wandered the wilderness for days as they claimed.  They also looked far too well fed.  I take pride in the balanced diet that we manage, yet we look gaunt and sickly next to them.”  She looked Rex’s powerful physique up and down with mild amusement and chuckled. “Well, most of us do, anyway.”
“I’m an easy keeper,” Rex admitted as he allowed a small grin to form on his handsome face. “It takes little to maintain my weight.”
Olga lightly touched his arm in a gesture of friendship. “You’re lucky.”
“Indeed,”  he said as he turned and rested his forearms on the porch rail. “If I could just figure out why they targeted Kendra, I might be able to do something.  This wandering blindly while looking for people I’ve never set eyes on and have no idea what they want or why they want it is fruitless.”
Olga’s once rich, but now faded chocolate eyes gave away the fact that her mind was miles away.
“What aren’t you telling me?” Rex demanded.
After a long moment of silent debate, Olga took Rex by the wrist and pulled at him while she lowered herself so that, in the end, they were sitting on the top step next to each other. “I’m about to tell you something that even the children don’t know. It’s a secret that I’ve carried with me for years and  didn’t plan on divulging until it was time to go to my grave; if then.” 
As she filled her lungs to speak again, Felix barreled around the corner of the house.  His face was drained of color and his eyes were wide with fright. 
“I don’t know what happened,” he stammered.  “I was sure that I closed the gate. Then, suddenly, they were there!”
“Who was there?” Olga nervously asked.
The sound of deep throated grumbling trickled toward them from the direction that Felix had just run from.  She didn’t need to ask any more questions about what was happening.  The situation was clear.  Felix had left the fence opened and several zombies had wandered in.  Although she didn’t care for zombie altercations, there had been enough of them wandering into the compound or around the perimeter while she was out gathering wild herbs and roots that she’d grown accustomed to taking them down. As had Felix… which was why she didn’t understand his panicked state.
“They’re coming!” Felix practically screeched as he pushed his way between Rex and Olga who were only then making sense of things.
Rex had propped his bow and arrow against the house exterior when he began his talk with Olga.  He quickly grabbed it and made ready for when the zombie came around the corner. Olga rushed into the house to collect her own bow and arrow. When she returned a few seconds later, she asked Rex if he thought that they might be better off standing at the bottom of the steps to kill the zombies as they came around the corner of the house.
“Are you crazy?” Felix bellowed through the crack of the opened door upon hearing his aunt’s suggestion. “There are too many of them.  They’ll have you surrounded before you can put another arrow into the bow!”
 “What?” Olga gasped as the confusion of the situation settled and the reality of it set in. “How many are there?” 
“Get in here, quick!” Felix urged.  “Get in before they see you!”
Normally, Rex wasn’t one to run from a fight, but from the extent of Felix’s panic, he determined that this was a time when he was better off running.  He hurriedly closed the gate at the top of the steps in the event that a zombie had figured out how to climb them. Not all zombies were equal, after all.  Some had more human-like traits than others. He’d heard that it was due to the type of immune system as to how hard the zombie virus hit a person, but that was only hearsay.  He wasn’t sure of the reason that some were more advanced than others, but that theory made sense to him.  So, he hung onto it.  He just hoped that this small army of walking corpses were on the lesser end of the intelligence and ability scale.
Then, with a firm grip on Olga’s elbow, he hurriedly  nudged her into the house ahead of him.  They closed the door only seconds before at least two dozen bedraggled and grotesque looking human’s lumbered into the center courtyard of the compound.
Felix covered his mouth to hold back the terror that wanted to flow from it as they watched at least half a dozen of the zombies sniff the air and cock their heads as if listening closely. It was their cue that there were some within the group that were on the advanced side.  The trio scurried from the window so that they wouldn’t be seen and watched as best as they could while the hoard of creatures seemingly settled in.
After forcing Felix to lie on the sofa and stay quiet, Olga and Rex silently rushed through the house to close all of the blinds and draperies to prevent being seen by a passerby.  Unsure of how acute their hearing was, Rex pulled out a pad of paper and wrote down whatever needed to be said to Olga.  She replied in the same manner.
Since the three zombies that he’d sought refuge in the tree from were gone by morning, he assumed the same would be the case with the small army of bedraggled looking animated bodies that were trampling through their garden and pushing against their fence to the extent that it bowed. Sadly, when they awoke the following morning after a tortuously fitful night of practically no sleep, the zombies were still there.
Rex didn’t lose hope that the hoard would move on until the third day when their ready food was dwindling and the aroma of cooking was out of the question.
They were going to have to do something.
But, what?
He sat down next to Felix -who, by now, was calmer, but still nervous and worried- and penned the message that they were going to have to think of a way to destroy the zombies or they’d end up starving to death. Felix vigorously shook his head, but Rex refused to take “no” for an answer.  Holding Felix’s chin with his strong fingers, he forced him to look him in the eye while he nodded with all seriousness.  Silent tears of terror flowed down the young man’s cheeks, but he said nothing.
Olga pursed her lips as she shoved a piece of paper in front of Rex that read; He was only an infant when he witnessed a member of our community being eaten by a zombie. I’m surprised, but I think he remembers. Then, heaving a sigh, she added,  I have coddled him too much because of his foot. It did him more harm than good.
Rex made no move to reply.  He’d noticed that there were many areas where Felix could show more strength and courage, but he also recognized that not everyone was made of the same stuff.  If Felix did have memories of such a horrific act, it would certainly explain his own extreme fear of being eaten.  
He knew that if Kendra was there, she’d be on the porch shooting arrows into the heads of the zombies so fast that they wouldn’t know what hit them.  He’d be doing it too if he had her skill.  But, that wasn’t Felix and it probably never would be.  He harbored a deep rooted, over the top fear of zombies.  All they could hope for was that he’d be able to function and offer some degree of help when the time came.
Closely monitoring the exchange of emotions between Rex and Felix, Olga realized what it was that Rex had in mind.  She quickly penned a message for him to follow her into the room off the kitchen that she’d turned into her personal laboratory for mixing and creating remedies with the supplies that she gathered from mother nature. 
His face showed his curiosity as he obediently followed her to the room.  Leaning against the counter that ran the length of the twelve-foot wall, he watched as she went to the far end and pulled a small tin box from the recesses of the cupboard below the counter. Handling it with loving care, she opened the hinged lid and pulled out a needled syringe and a small, smoked glass vile.
Summoning him to come to her with her hand, she grabbed a bottle of homemade witch hazel and a clean rag.  Miming her intentions, she managed to convince him to hold still while she cleansed an area of his upper arm with the witch hazel before inserting the needle and emptying the contents of the syringe into his arm.
It stung unmercifully, but he simply squeezed his eyes shut.  He had no idea what the shot was for, but he trusted Olga enough to believe that it was to help and not hurt him.  His sky blue eyes locked with her faded chocolate ones and she nodded while miming that he needed to sit for fifteen minutes before doing anything.  
Although he was certain that the message that she conveyed to him was that all would be fine, he detected a heavy sadness amidst it that he couldn’t explain. Assuming that it was the dread of the battle that was to come, he nodded his head and left the room.
Joining Felix in the great room, Rex eased himself into an overstuffed chair near the fireplace and closed his eyes. He could feel action taking place in his blood stream.  It was as if he could actually track the serum as it was distributed throughout his body.  He wanted to ask what it was that she’d shot into him, but conversation between them was out of the question and he seriously doubted if she’d commit it to pen and paper.  Something told him that she’d just shared a very deep secret with him.
Fifteen minutes later, after a slight bout of dizziness, followed by heart palpitations, sweating, and uneven breathing, he finally felt himself again.  Standing slowly and finding that his equilibrium was back to normal, he closed his eyes to get better in touch with how his body was feeling.  He felt strong and ready to go.
Vowing that he’d insist that she explain what she just did after it was all over, Rex motioned for Olga and Felix to grab their weapons and follow him.  
Armed with the blades of knives of all shapes and sizes stuck through their belts and their arrow supplies fully stocked, they quietly slipped out onto the porch.  Kneeling down so that the posts of the railing impaired the zombies ability to see them, they began to pummel the crowd of walking corpses with carefully aimed arrows.  Although they weren’t as accurate in their aim as Kendra would have been, Rex was satisfied.  
By the time they ran out of arrows, there was only about a dozen zombies left.  Unfortunately, these turned out to be more advanced zombies who were angry and determined to finish the three of them off.  Two of the zombies had managed to climb three of the seven steps leading to the porch before Rex had a knife pulled from his belt.  The remaining  had formed a cluster at the bottom of the stairs.
No longer concerned about verbal communication alerting the zombies of their presence, Olga shouted for Rex to stand aside.  He moved just in time to avoid the blade that was soaring through the air from clipping him in the temple.  Instead, it landed right between the eyes of the zombie nearest them.  Rex turned and looked at his friend with both approval and admiration. He had no idea that she possessed such a skill.
Taking no time to enjoy her victory, Olga pulled another knife from her belt and threw it with equal skill and accuracy at the second zombie.
With both zombies down, Rex quickly opened the gate and tossed them, one after the other, at the cluster that had formed at the bottom of the stairs with enough force to knock them off balance.  Olga knew that Rex was strong, but his display of strength at that moment was beyond anything she could imagine.  She assumed that it had to do with the excess flow of adrenaline that occurred in a crisis.  Whatever the reason, it was impressive.
Felix finally found his courage and pulled a knife to join them.  Olga flashed him a smile that was meant to improve his confidence as she followed Rex down the stairs.  Filling his lungs with air, Felix rushed after his aunt.
With the zombies off balance and disoriented, the trio was able to quickly put them out of commission. 
It wasn’t until the last zombie went down and Olga took a moment to look at the sea of grotesque bodies scattered about their courtyard that she allowed herself to react to what they’d just been through.  With tears of both relief and disgust silently sliding down her cheeks, she took her trembling body and sat on a patch of grass that wasn’t riddled with blood.  Felix sat next to her and placed his hand on her shoulder, but said nothing.
Seeing her reaction, Rex wasted no time collecting and dragging bodies to the far side of the property where they could be burned.  After a long moment with his aunt, Felix joined in.  It took Olga a few minutes after that to regain her composure, but when she did, she grabbed the leg of the nearest corpse and pulled it behind her toward the already growing pile.
24
Ari sauntered up to the bench where Kendra sat reading a book. “Is it good?” she asked as she slid onto the seat next to her.  When Kendra made no move to acknowledge her presence, she added. “For crying out loud, Kendra.  It’s been a few months now.  You’re married to my brother and carrying his child as well. That connects us. We’re family. Sisters. When are you going to stop ignoring me?”
 “Maybe when hell freezes over,” Kendra said as she turned a page of her book while never taking her eyes off of it.
“You didn’t strike me as being so hateful when we first met.”
“Maybe you’re not as good at reading people as I am.  I distrusted you from the start and I see that I was right in doing so,” Kendra said as she slowly closed the book and turned to face Ari. “Let me say this as clearly as I can so that there is no misunderstanding. I don’t like you.  I don’t like your brother. I’m pregnant with your brother’s child because he held me captive and took me daily and I’m married because it was either that or be forced into that damnable breeding program and have to endure even more men that I hate taking me.  I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to be married to your disgusting brother and I don’t want to talk to you.”
“What do you mean. What breeding program would you have been forced into?” Ari asked with confusion. “All programs, breeding or otherwise, are voluntary here.”
“Seriously?”  Kendra practically screeched.
“You and I are about the same age, I think,” Ari mused. “I’m not in any breeding program.  They’ve asked me, but I’m not feeling it.”
“Funny,” Kendra said with a sarcastic chuckle. “I wasn’t feeling it either.”           
Ari looked away. “I feel bad about that.  I’m sorry that I found you that day and I regret telling Baelil about you.”
“Save your regrets for someone who’ll appreciate them,” Kendra snarled as she stood up.
“It’s not so bad being married to Baelil, is it?” Ari asked with hope in her voice. “He can be a good guy when he wants to be.”
Kendra shrugged. “I feel more like his whore than his wife.  All he ever wants to do is have sex.”
Ari grinned. “I’ve heard about that appetite of his from the other girls. He’s got quite a reputation with the ladies, as well is a few children as a result. He’s been an active participant in saving  the human race.”
“That’s an interesting way of putting it. I just thought he had an overactive sex drive.  After all. I’m pregnant, yet he still comes around several times a day.”
“That will change as you get bigger.  In fact, I heard that his turn with Denai is coming up.  He’s been wanting to bed her for a while now.  He was pretty mad that he had to forfeit it when we were searching for you, so I doubt he’ll pass on it now.”
“I don’t know which is more interesting,” Kendra said with open sarcasm. “The cavalier  attitude you  people have about sex or your lack of respect for the sanctitude of marriage.”
“Why did you marry him if you don’t like him?” 
“I already told you,” Kendra said impatiently.
“If they did force women to breed… which they don’t… your pregnancy would have kept them from putting you into the program until after the baby was born.” 
“Baelil said that if I married him, then no other man could claim me,” Kendra said with a scowl.
“You always have final say.  The program is voluntary, as is the man you choose to have sex with. I’m still a virgin because none of the men appeal to me.  See?  It’s voluntary.”
“Then, why was I held prisoner and taken by force?” 
Ari frowned. “He shouldn’t have done that.  If the elders knew about that, he would have been punished.” 
“Who are these elders? Tell me how to find them. I want to report him,” Kendra declared as she jumped to her feet.
“It’s too late.  You married him.  That’s like saying that what he did was done with your permission.”
“The bastard,” Kendra hissed beneath her breath.
“He told you some clever lies,” Ari said. “I never thought him capable of such deviousness.”
Kendra gave Ari an accusing look. “You told me the night that you kidnapped me that he forced himself on women.”
Ari nodded. “He’s done it once or twice, but only the one time. He never held a woman prisoner like he did you.”  Ari stood up and grabbed Kendra’s hand.  Kendra scowled, but didn’t pull away as Ari continued to speak. “I didn’t know about that. He lied to me. He told me that  you’d escaped.  No one knew. If I’d known, I would have stopped it.”
A tiny tear escaped the corner of Kendra’s eye as she raised her chin in defiance of her emotions. “He not only held me prisoner, but he took my clothes so that I couldn’t escape and visited me multiple times a day for his pleasure.”
Ari sucked in air upon hearing the truth of what happened, but said nothing. What could she say? It was done. “You could divorce him, but that might not go in your favor. The elders are quite fond of Baelil. By marrying him, you gave license to the way that he treated you.  So, they’ll do nothing to him.  What’s more important is what they do to you.  I’m sure that after the baby is born and the procedures begin, if you are his wife, they will be extra careful.”
“Procedures?” Kendra said with obvious confusion. “What are you talking about?”
Ari’s big green eyes got even bigger as she threw her hands over her mouth. “Didn’t he tell you?”  When Kendra’s eyes never left hers, she swallowed hard and said, “You’d better sit back down.”
Ari waited for Kendra to seat herself, but she didn’t sit next to her. Instead, she looked around for any signs of people listening in on their conversation before she began explaining what she meant by  procedures to her new sister-in-law. 
“I have been looking for the child of the Schiele scientists for several years now.  You were well hidden.”
“Me? I don’t know who the Schiele scientists are,” Kendra blurted out.
“Your parents? Are you claiming that you don’t know who your parents are?”
Kendra shrugged. “I didn’t know their names.”
Ari gasped. “So, you were telling me the truth the day that you killed Sophia. You really didn’t know your last name.”
“Was Sophia the cat’s name?” Kendra asked.
“Yes, but that’s not important,” Ari said, hurriedly. “Let me tell you this before someone comes along and I have to stop.  Not many people are aware of who you are or why you are here. It would be chaos and desperation if they did. They just think that you and Baelil met on one of his trips outside of Center Land Village and fell in love.”
Kendra chuckled at that comment and, then, with a raised brow, she looked around and asked, “Is this place Center Land Village?”
“Yes, but again, let me finish,” Ari snapped.
Kendra sat up and paid closer attention. Without realizing it, Ari was giving her more information about where she was and why she was there than she’d managed to learn since her arrival.  She sat quietly to hear more. If she was lucky, the girl would divulge a way out of this mess.
“Your parents created the zombie virus.  It wasn’t just them. There was a third scientist, but  we don’t have the identity of that one.  We only know about the scientists named Schiele.  When they created the virus, they also created an antidote.  When the virus was set loose on the communists, it was meant to be contained and temporary. The antidote was supposed to follow before the virus got out of control.  Unfortunately, about that same time, the  aliens invaded and panic struck in the form of nuclear war.  Your parents went into hiding and the zombie virus was forgotten about until walking dead people started showing up all around the globe. That’s when we began the search for your parents so that we could get the cure.  At first, we thought that they went to inner earth. After an exhausting decade of searching, we concluded that they stayed above ground.  Although, how they managed to remain hidden is a mystery.”
“We stayed in the family fallout shelter,” Kendra offered.
“I’ve heard about those things.  They were popular in the fifties, right? They’re stuffy and cramped, aren’t they?”  Ari mused.
“I was a baby.  I wouldn’t remember,” Kendra replied, dryly.”
Ari giggled. “Of course.”  Then, with a more serious tone, she continued. “We learned of their deaths and were heartbroken.  Damn those  cyborgs anyway.”
“You’re damning your own team?” Kendra said with dry surprise.
“What makes you think that we’re on the same team?” Ari asked.
“Kidnapping me.  The breeding program,” Kendra said. “Those are traits of the regime.”
“We hate the regime, but we agree that mankind needs to regenerate. It’s true that our breeding program is modeled after the same concept as theirs, but that’s where it ends.  No one.  I repeat. No one here is forced into it.” Then, as an afterthought, she added, “We also don’t keep slaves or eat each other.  We have home-helpers that we pay.  There is no servitude here.”
“Except in my case,” Kendra said with a heavy sigh.  “This is all very interesting, but it doesn’t explain what you mean by procedures.”
“I was getting to that,” Ari said. “When we learned that your parents were executed for such a ridiculous thing as worshiping the wrong god, we were devastated.  How archaic are these aliens? We thought that all was lost until one of our scientists from inner earth produced equipment that can pull deep rooted memories from a person. That’s what they’re hoping will happen with you. You were just a baby when your parents died, but we are hoping that they spoke of the antidote around you and that the equipment can pull that information from your subconscious. Everything that is ever heard -whether inside the womb or out- is recorded by your subconscious.  If your parents spoke in front of you about the cure, it will be in there… somewhere.”
“That doesn’t seem so bad,” Kendra muttered.
Ari looked at her with saddened eyes. “Except that you could die if they get too aggressive or screw up in another way.  It’s a dangerous procedure that we know little about.”
“You’ve never tried it?” Kendra asked with surprise.
“We’ve used it a few times.”
“And?” Kendra urged.
“We got the information that we were looking for, but the machine had to dig so deep for it that the subject died.”
Kendra’s hands trembled as she pushed a few stray hairs from her face.
Ari looked worriedly at her and then gave her a weak smile. “They’ll  be as gentle with you as possible. You’re Baelil’s wife, after all.  They’ll  do nothing to jeopardize the baby, so you’re safe for now.”
Kendra blew out a puff of air.  “That’s comforting.   What do I do? Stay pregnant?”
Ari looked long and hard at her new sister. “It might be the only thing that guarantees your safety.”
25
Olga leaned against the tree trunk as she rummaged for her water jug.  The day felt excessively warm with a high humidity factor. It was the humidity that she found the most difficult to deal with. Normally, the atmosphere was almost desert dry, but this new country that they were walking through had an abundance of plant life which promoted the humidity. It was almost as if they’d entered a different world; or a different dimension at the very least.  As she seized the opportunity to rest, she thought back over the last week.
They’d taken a few days to deal with the carcasses of the zombies that had wandered into the compound and then reinforce the fencing. During this time, Olga explained to Rex that she’d inoculated him against the zombie virus.  Upon his shocked response, she divulged that she, her brother, and his wife were the scientists who were involved in the creation of the virus. Felix and Kendra knew about her brother and his wife’s role, but, what they didn’t know was that Olga was the third scientist. She’d only recently told them about Kendra’s parents and felt that adding herself to the mix would cause confusion and complications under the circumstances in which they were told.
When Rex expressed his concern about the fact that Olga had allowed the virus to continue to exist and spread over the years when she had the means to destroy it, she proceeded to explain that she didn’t actually have the cure on hand like she did the inoculation; and even that was limited.  
She’d gone out of her way to keep her family hidden from the new alien run regime.  She was afraid that if they knew her identity, they would take her and Kendra -since she was the daughter of the other two scientists- and hold them prisoner for the rest of their lives for their own purposes and not just until Olga presented them with the cure.  She  not only wanted to escape such a fate, but she was adamant that Kendra was innocent and didn’t deserve to have to pay for  her parent’s actions.  
Since the wealthy and privileged went to live in the communities that were set up in inner earth and were free from worry of the virus or the aliens and -with the exception of a few clever families like hers who managed to stay under the radar- the people left above ground that escaped genetic alteration from the radiation where held captive by the alien regime and were being forced into breeding programs or eaten, she saw no point in jeopardizing the freedom and lives of herself or her loved ones. The aliens only wanted the regeneration of the human race because they found them to be a delicacy.  She refused to help them in their quest to eliminate the virus so that they could have a higher quality food.  Right or wrong, it was the way that she felt about it.
Olga had hands on experience with the creation of the zombie virus, but she’d only seen the notes on the cure that her brother and sister in law came up with and she certainly didn’t know them by heart.  She would have to go to a proper lab in order to work the notes and create the formula for the lab to use in manufacturing an airborne solution. 
Her brother’s notes were kept in a fireproof box, so they survived the destruction of the village that was caused by the cyborgs so many years ago.  Even so, over the years, the box and the notes were exposed to the elements and portions of the notes were corrupted.  So, between not having a lab to work in and incomplete notes, even if she wanted to eradicate the virus, she really didn’t have the information to do so at her fingertips.
Hearing her explanation, Rex relaxed and agreed with her thinking.  He’d been fortunate to have been able to stay below the radar when it came to the aliens and their puppet regime, but he’d heard enough about what they were like and what went on to know that nothing good came of being in contact with them. If they didn’t kill you for being too genetically mutated by radiation or eat you, they forced you into a life of servitude; which was surely a gruesome hell. It was then that panic took over and he asked if she thought that they took Kendra because of her parents.
“I never told Kendra her last name on purpose. She can’t admit to being someone if she doesn’t know that’s who she is.  I only recently told her about her parent’s role in the creation of the zombie virus and I feel certain she won’t divulge that.” 
Suddenly, a very disturbing memory came to light. Olga told Rex of an invention that was just in the experimental stages when the war broke out.  This machine would pull memories from a person’s DNA.  She could only imagine the havoc it could play on a body’s physical makeup while doing it. 
“If they took her to use that machine on her, that means that they were aware of her identity. I’ve been so careful that I just can’t imagine  how that could be.”
“Even so, it could be,” Rex mused.
“Tell me about this place where you keep feeling her, but see nothing,” Olga insisted.
When he proceeded to explain about the lush environment a few days walk from them and how he just kept feeling Kendra whenever he was there, the first thing that she asked him was if he was familiar with holograph machines. Unfortunately, he wasn’t.
“Take me there. If there’s a machine in the area disguising where they’re keeping her, I’ll find it,” Olga insisted. “I know what to look for.”
“Do you think that’s why I feel her so strongly?” Rex asked with anticipation.
“You two have coupled, have you not?” Olga asked, matter-of-factly.  
When he hesitantly nodded, she smiled and assured him that she was fine with it before explaining that he and Kendra had blended their auric fields together through sex which was why he could sense her even though he couldn’t see her.  
As crazy as it sounded, it made sense. Not only because Olga had a scientific background, but because there had to be some explanation as to why he felt her so strongly.
Since they were unsure of what they were going to encounter, Felix was made to stay home.  He argued profusely, but when both Olga and Rex emphasized the fact that, because of his deformed foot, he would more than likely be mistaken for a mutant and then proceeded to emphasize what was done to mutants until he relented and stayed behind. He did, however, give them a time frame in which they could be gone before he came looking for them. 
That was two days ago.
As Rex had warned her throughout their trip, the air grew heavy with moisture and had a tropical feel about it.  The further they walked from home, the more the terrain shifted from barren, to struggling foliage, to thick, lush greenery.
“Are we even in zombie territory anymore?” Olga asked as she wiped at the moisture that was beading up on the back of her neck and décolleté.
“I’ve encountered a few friendly wanderers while searching. From what I gather, we’re on the south side of the territory, but they are almost never spotted here.” 
“That’s what was said about the compound,” Olga muttered as she remembered their recent battle with a hoard of zombies and the grueling cleanup afterward. “So, we keep our eyes opened.”
“Absolutely,” Rex said with a nod.
They had no sooner made that decision when a lone zombie meandered through the trees.
“Don’t get too cocky just because you’ve been inoculated.  You can still be seriously wounded or killed by  them,”  Olga said as Rex grabbed a knife and raced toward the walking corpse.
To their surprise, the zombie responded with coordination and a semblance of speed, making it more difficult for Rex to get the knife into its head.  It was as if it knew to block the knife.
By the time he succeeded in driving the blade deep into its skull, he’d expended so much energy that he needed to rest and recuperate.
“That thing was not only showing intelligence, but it was amazingly strong,” he panted.
“He looked different from the others too,” Olga added. “He could have passed for a mutant if you didn’t know better.”  After a moment of thought she asked, “He wasn’t a mutant, was he?”
“What color blood do you see when you kill a zombie?” Rex asked with a mildly defensive tone.
“It’s almost purple.”
“And a mutant?” he continued.
Olga thought. “I can’t be sure. I’ve never seen a dead mutant.”
“What is a mutant?” 
“What kind of question is that?” she scoffed.
“Tell me what a mutant is,” he urged.
Olga heaved a sigh. She had no idea where he was going with this, but if it made him feel better to continue down this path, then so be it.
“A mutant is a human with altered genetics.”
“Is a zombie a human?”
“Hell, no. It just looks like one, but all of humanity is gone from it.”
“What color do humans bleed?” 
“Red,” she said with raised brow as she looked over to where the zombie lay.
“That’s purple blood coming out of that corpse, is it not?”
“You’ve made your point,” Olga snapped.
Rex looked at his friend long and hard. “I’ve never killed a human. Mutant or otherwise. Don’t ever accuse me of it again.”
Realizing that she’d touched a sensitive topic with him and knowing that there was something behind that sensitivity that one day he might divulge, she apologized and offered him some water.
They sat in companionable silence. Olga was glad for the break in walking.  Even  before the holocaust, she never enjoyed the heavy, humid climate of the tropics. Although this wasn’t as bad as that, it was a drastic change from the arid environment that she’d been living in.  When Rex was finally ready to move on, she did so grudgingly.
26
Kendra stopped short in the middle of her afternoon walk and cocked her head to the side as she watched Ari lead her mare across the center greens toward the stable.  She’d left the village on assignment again. 
Even though she was married to Baelil and he was well respected, Kendra was still looked upon as an outsider who hadn’t proved that she deserved to be included in village information.  Kendra didn’t care about that because she didn’t want to be a member of the community. She wanted to go home. But, the fact that they were careful with what they said around her made it difficult for her to learn things about where she was and how she might escape.
It took her several months of slow, afternoon walks where she’d nonchalantly meander past a few citizens and eaves drop on their conversation as inconspicuously as possible and a few clever chats with Ari -who seemed almost desperate for her friendship- to learn that there was some sort of artificial image cloaking the entrance of the village as well as the exit.  Only those who held a position high enough were allowed to know the way out or in.
Upon learning this, she did her best to keep an eye on Baelil and Ari, since they were of the few who were privileged enough to come and go at will.
Not only had she learned about the cloaking of the exit, but she’d discovered a bit more about the elders’ of the community’s plans for her and that confounded machine that they intended to use on her just as soon as the baby was born.  They’d even  taken the precaution of arranging for a wet nurse in case she didn’t survive the process.
At first, Kendra didn’t understand why they were so eager for the zombie cure, since they clearly lived in a world apart from the one she’d grown up in. Then, one day an alarm was raised to announce the fact that a zombie had wandered into the village.  This was her first clue that, although there was a cloak to hide the visibility of the entrance/exit of the village, it didn’t seal it.  Zombies – or humans – could find themselves inside the village without knowing how they got there.
She watched with curious amusement as at least a dozen uniformed men swarmed around the lone zombie to attack it while a few women stood at a distance making fearful distress noises.  She considered grabbing Baelil’s bow and arrow and taking the thing down while they swarmed around it. It would have made an amusing scene. But, then, she didn’t want them to know just how good she was with a weapon. It was better for them to think her helpless and vulnerable for when the time came that she finally figured out a way to escape.
Baelil had not only relaxed his watch over her, but, as his sister had predicted, his interest in Kendra dwindled as her stomach enlarged.  When his month with Denai began, he assured her that he’d return to her when it was over.  If not, he’d definitely return in time for the birth of their child.
She took advantage of this unexpected freedom to spend as much time out amongst the villagers as possible while she searched for the exit to the village.
Since Baelil wasn’t coming to her room, she began to stash supplies for her escape in it. This meant that she needed to find the exit and get out before the month was up.  Although she hoped that he’d stay away longer, she couldn’t take the chance.
There was also the fact that she was far enough along with her pregnancy that her stomach could be a cumbersome liability when it came time to escape. Even with the long afternoon walks to keep her strength and stamina up, she was no longer as agile and fast with her movements.
A sudden, overwhelming sense of Rex flooded her.  It was so strong that she almost fell over. Although, she’d missed him and thought of him often, she’d never had such an overwhelming sense of him. 
“What’s the matter?” Ari asked as she approached her from behind. “Is the baby alright?  You have the strangest look on your face.”
Kendra had tried her best to warm up to Ari over the months. After all, she needed some type of ally in this strange place. Even so, there were times when she just couldn’t tolerate the girl’s company. This was one of those times.
“I was just reminiscing of the good old days when my life was my own,” she snarled.
Ari closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “It’s been months, Kendra. Isn’t it time to stop dwelling on the past and accept your new life here?”
“What new life is that? The one where I’ll be hooked up to a machine while it probes my brain for memories that I probably don’t even have until I die?”
Ari shuddered. “When you put it that way.”  She shoved her hands into her front pockets and raised her shoulders until they touched her earlobes. “I’ve said that I’m sorry so many times. If I could undo it, I would.”
“You can,” Kendra said in a soft voice that Ari was barely able to hear. “You can show me the way out of here.”
Ari sucked in air. “Are you kidding me? You’re carrying my brother’s child. He’d hunt you down and drag  you back and… then… I don’t know what would happen to you after the baby was born, but I doubt it will be pleasant.”
“I’m not that easy to find if I don’t want to be,” Kendra assured her.  
“We found you pretty easy.”
“Because I didn’t know that you were looking for me.  Now that I know, I can promise you that it would be different.”
Ari bit her lower lip. “If I ever got caught doing something like this, it wouldn’t just be Baelil that I’d have to answer to. I  enjoy my freedom.  I’d lose it for sure.”
Kendra scowled and then slowly shook her head. “So, telling me that  you would undo things if you could was just lip service?” 
Ari gasped with surprise at Kendra’s words. Her large green eyes watered as she openly debated about what to do. A lone tear slid down her cheek. “When would you want to go?”
“I’m ready now,” Kendra assured her.
“You’ve been planning this, then?”
“To a degree,” Kendra said with a nod. “I’ve squirreled away a few things. I have enough to hold me until I can get away from here.”
“You can’t go home. That will be the first place that he’ll look.”
“I know.”
“What about the baby? Who’s going to help you with the birthing when the time comes?” 
Kendra took a deep breath. She’d asked herself the same question many times. She didn’t need Ari to tell her that she couldn’t go back to her aunt or Rex. “I’ll work it out. I have time.”
Ari slowly shook her head as she backed up a few steps. “I don’t know, Kendra.”
“Your brother kidnapped me and then held me prisoner to act as his  personal sex slave before tricking me into marrying him. I’m going to tell you right now that I have no intention of being hooked up to that machine. I can tell them nothing of use. So… If you don’t help me leave, I’m going to slit your brother’s throat while he sleeps and then kill myself as well.”  When Ari sucked in air out of shock, she added, “It’s better to die from my own hand than as a project for the elder’s.”
Ari eyed her long and hard. “You’re serious. You’d really kill my brother?” 
“Without an ounce of guilt.”
“You’re not who I thought you were.”
“You shouldn’t place expectations or traits on something who you don’t even know,” Kendra said with a scowl.
Ari looked away as she fought back the tears. When she finally spoke, her voice was trembling with emotion. “I’ll help you get out, but, then, you’re on your own. Meet me by the stables tonight after the sun goes down.  I meant it, Kendra… I can’t be held responsible for what happens to you out there. We’re finished as soon as you walk out of this village. Got it?”
Kendra nodded.  After a brief moment of silence while she watched Ari work on regaining her composure, she emitted a small squeal of excitement, gave Ari a quick hug, and then scurried off to her room.
27
Getting past the evening patrols on her way to the stables wasn’t as easy as Kendra thought it would be.   The energy of the village changed drastically from the casualness of her afternoon walks.  Besides the fact that the patrolmen were far more alert when the sun went down, there was no crowd for her to blend with.  She was about to let panic take over when she saw Ari saunter over to a tall, slender, young looking patrolman that was pacing outside of the stable entrance and strike up a conversation with him.  Seizing the opportunity, she quietly slipped into the stables and hid while she listened to Ari and the guard’s jovial interaction.
Mild annoyance replaced the panic in her as she counted the seconds of unnecessary small talk between Ari and the patrolman. Thinking she was on a failed mission, her mind worked double time to come up with a way to accomplish escape without Ari’s help. She was about to slip back out of the stables and simply wander in the direction that she’d seen Ari leading her horse from on more than one occasion when the patrolman and Ari entered the stable. Blending into the shadows as best as she could, she watched as the patrolman aided her petite and pretty sister-in-law with putting the tack on her mare. When they’d finished, he took the reins and began to lead it out of the stable for her.
With remarkable speed, agility, and power, Ari grabbed a shovel and brought it down on the patrolman’s head from behind him.  As his body crumpled onto the dirt floor, she motioned for Kendra to hurry over to her.
“We have little time,” she hissed as Kendra rushed up to her. “Take my mare.  She knows the way out. Don’t try to lead her. She’ll take you to the exit. Then, you get off and send her back or I swear I’ll hunt you down myself!”
The blow to the back of the head that the patrolman received by Ari’s hands made a loud thud that tormented Kendra’s ears even from the distance between them and where she was hiding; making her question if he’d been seriously injured beyond simply being knocked out. She  looked at the fallen patrolman with concern as she hustled her trembling body into the saddle.  She wasn’t sure what she expected, but it wasn’t being sent to the edge of the village on a strange horse and then  left afoot in the dark of night. She questioned the wisdom of her actions as she followed Ari’s instructions.
“Kendra,” Ari added while Kendra adjusted her seating in the saddle.  When Kendra looked, questioningly, down at her she said in a soft, mournful tone, “I never meant to hurt you.”
“Thank you,” Kendra muttered as Ari slapped the mare’s rump and the horse trotted off in the direction that Kendra had seen it travel many times.
When she looked back, she could see Ari positioning herself on the ground next to the patrolman. It was then that Kendra realized that Ari was going to claim that she’d been attacked as a means of maintaining an innocence in Kendra’s escape. She could care less about the fact that she’d be labeled a violent attacker by this strange community.  More than ever, she hoped that the patrolman would be alright. 
She held her breath until she was on the outskirts of the village and there were no more patrolmen in sight. Once her body relaxed a bit, she realized just how tense she’d been. Her muscles ached from holding them so tight.
She was disappointed that it was too dark for her to really see her surroundings. Had Ari arranged for her escape in the night for just that purpose? If she had, she was cleverer than Kendra had given her credit for. Without the ability to make proper note of  land markings, it would be almost impossible to find her way back inside once she’d passed through the holographic shield.
She could tell when she’d crossed through that shield by the feel of the air. It was months since she’d gone through it as Baelil and Ari’s hostage and she had a bag covering her head to prevent her from seeing her surroundings, but the fact that the atmosphere suddenly shifted from almost unbearably humid to a more moderate climate stuck in her memory. Feeling the return of the thick, almost tropical-like air that clung to her flesh and made her miserably uncomfortable instantly brought to light that she was on the other side of the holographic veil. 
It was time to return the horse.
The thought of just continuing on and taking her chances by keeping the horse flitted through her mind.  After all, Ari had played a part in her kidnapping.  Sure, she’d helped her to escape, but was it enough to void out what she’d been through these past months? Did it make up for the fact that she was alone and very pregnant in an unfamiliar land where zombies roamed? Did she really owe Ari or did Ari still owe her?  She deliberated for several minutes, but, in the end, she slid off the mare and sent her off into the night. Holding onto the horse would only encourage Ari -and probably Baelil- to come after her.  It was bad enough that she carried Baelil’s child and wasn’t sure how much he wanted fatherhood.  To keep a horse that Ari had already expressed ownership over was just foolish.
Standing in the darkness, she searched the night sky for signs of the moon as it strained to push its light past the heavy black clouds that were preparing to relieve their burden onto the earth’s surface.  Even though she had no desire to venture into the night with little to see by than a thin veil of greyish illumination into an unknown part of zombie territory, she needed to find shelter.  She patted the bow and arrow that she’d taken from Baelil’s weapon supply and adjusted it over her shoulder before taking a deep breath, telling herself that it could be worse… there could be no moonlight at all… and forcing her feet to move.

***

Rex watched the myriad of tiny sparks dance about as he tossed the last of the thin sticks that he and Olga had gathered onto the fire.  They’d managed to find a small rock enclosure to act as walls.  Using the tarp that they normally used as a make-shift tent for the roof, they settled in to weather the oncoming storm.  They’d considered trying to keep the fire going throughout the night, but, since they expected a torrential rainstorm that would make it difficult to keep the flames ablaze, as well as the fact that light attracted zombies, they decided against it.
They’d no sooner settled into their tiny shelter when the sky opened up and huge pellets of heavy rain battered at the tarp above them.  They watched in silence as the water hit the ground so hard that it bounced.
 “It’s going to be a long night,” Olga muttered as she shifted her body into a more comfortable position. 
“It won’t last long,” Rex assured her.  After a moment of silence, he said, “Do you think that  you can find that holograph?”
Olga nodded. “As soon as it’s light, we’ll start looking for it.

***

Kendra found a thicket to burrow under just as the torrential rainstorm began. The rain that managed to penetrate the thickets came down with such force that it felt as if her flesh was bruising, but there was nothing she could do about it.  She prayed that the storm would pass quickly as she curled up so that her forehead rested on her knees so that it was mainly her back being assaulted.
28
Kendra’s  body felt locked in position by the time the storm passed and she was able to crawl out from the pseudo protection of the thicket.  She was miserable.  Her clothes were wet and clinging to her flesh, her muscles were tight and sore, her head felt like someone was beating the inside of her skull with a sledge hammer, and her stomach was bellowing as loud as it could in its demand for food.  To add to it all, the baby was protesting her decision to leave the comfort and security of Center Land Village by kicking at her ribs and doing flips like a circus performer. The only positive factor was that it was a warm and balmy morning so that, although uncomfortable in wet clothes, she was at least not freezing and at risk of getting sick.  She did, however, take a moment to remove her tee shirt and hoodie to ring them out as best as she could. 
After putting the damp tee shirt back on and tying the hoodie around her waist by its sleeves, she placed her hand over her stomach while she stood up and stretched the tightness from her body as much as possible. She’d been so eager to escape -and Ari’s help had come so unexpectedly- that she hadn’t had time to really plan things out.  The fact that she’d need food had flitted through her mind, but she quickly reminded herself of her hunting skills and, assuring herself that all would be fine, she’d pushed that nagging voice warning her that she had to feed both herself and her baby into the back of her mind.  Now, in the light of day and under these miserable conditions, that voice managed to forge past the barriers that had held it in place and scream its message loud and clear.
The sound of something moving through the trees caught her attention.  She grabbed an arrow and quickly prepared to shoot it.  Holding the bow in position, she slowly moved in the direction of the sound.  With any luck, it would be game that would last her at least a few days.
To her disappointment and dismay, the sound was made by a small group of zombies that were making their way toward her.  Sweat mixed with the dampness that her clothes placed on her skin as she slowly backed away until she’d reached a tree that looked suitable to climb.
It was the first time that she’d attempted to climb a tree since she’d become pregnant. Even though her stomach was small for the number of months that she was pregnant, it still bulged enough to make it far more difficult than she’d imagined. The sound of her boots scraping against the bark as she struggled to shimmy her bulky body up the tree was enough to attract the attention of one of the zombies who immediately headed in her direction. Needless to say, the others were quick to follow. She’d barely made it to safety before the tree was surrounded by half a dozen walking corpses.
This was the first that she’d really had an opportunity to get a good look at the animated corpses as they stretched their hands out in what appeared like desperation to get to her.  What she saw made her question just how dead they truly were.  The sounds coming from their vocal cords were mere gurgles and grunts, but some of them had a look of intelligence in their eyes. Intelligence and… something else. Sorrow, maybe?  Pity?  Pity for who? Her, because she was pregnant and trapped in a tree? Or, them because they were no longer human? She was so engrossed in her determination of what expression their eyes really held that it was a goodly length of time before she came to her senses enough to put an arrow in her bow and start shooting them.
With an accuracy that would make Rex beam with pride, she took down each zombie with one arrow.  Between the struggle to get up the tree, the tension of being surrounded by man eating zombies, and her acute hunger, Kendra had a sudden need to simply stay put while her body regained some semblance of normality.
She closed her eyes and leaned back against the tree trunk.   She was reminded by her stomach, once again, that she’d skipped dinner the night before, but she forced herself to ignore it while she allowed her body the time that it needed to normalize.  This wasn’t the first time that her stomach was so empty that it felt like it was gnawing at her insides for sustenance, but it was the first time that she’d had a life inside of her that was making merry with what little her body had to offer. 
She gave herself as long as she dared to rest before she slid back down the tree trunk. She could have used a bit longer, but she was concerned about the drain on her body by the baby. If she wasn’t careful, she’d find herself without shelter or food and too weak to do anything about it.
Food was first and foremost on her agenda. Then, she’d move on in search of a place to settle into.  She knew that she was still uncomfortably close to the veil that hid the entrance to Center Land Village, but, as long as she was careful, she could move at a comfortable pace without getting caught. If anyone was after her, that is.
She did her best to keep from stepping on the sprawled limbs of the lifeless zombie bodies that were clustered at the base of the tree. As she pulled out the arrows that were still good enough to use again, she couldn’t resist comparing the look in their eyes to what she’d seen while they were animated. They all matched now.  They were all staring, blankly, into nothingness.
She heaved a sigh as she carefully stepped over a man’s long legs. Taking zombies down had never bothered her… before now. She was sorry that she’d looked into their eyes to begin with.  There was still a semblance of humanity in a few of them. She was sure of it. 
She’d walked about fifty yards when she heard voices coming from where she’d just left.  Was it a hunting party after her? Panic filled her as the adrenaline mounted, giving her the strength that she needed to push herself forward.

***

Rex picked up the broken arrow and carefully studied it.  
“This is Kendra’s arrow.  I’m sure of it,” he excitedly said as he handed the arrow to Olga for inspection.
She nodded. “You’re right.”  Looking around, she added, “It’s good that the ground is wet from the storm. We’ll be able to track her.”
Rex searched the ground with his eyes and smiled. “She went that way.”
“Then, that’s the way we go,” Olga said as she hurried off in the direction of Kendra’s tracks without waiting to see if Rex was going to follow.
She didn’t need to worry about the possibility of him lagging behind because he was hot on her heels.
They were so focused on Kendra’s tracks that, if she hadn’t called out to them from behind a lonely boulder that was wedged between two trees, they would have easily passed her by.
Hearing Kendra’s weak and trembling voice, Olga wasted no time getting to her. Although he would have liked to rush past Olga and hold Kendra close, Rex understood his friend’s need to be assured that her niece was reconnected to them. So, he hung back and waited for Olga to finish hugging Kendra and to guide her out from behind the boulder. 
The look of confusion and surprise that he tried his best to mask as she drew closer didn’t go unnoticed by Kendra.  She rested her hand on her bulging belly while filling her lungs with air.  This was a moment that she’d dreaded since she’d left Center Land Village and the hope of seeing her aunt and Rex again became a real possibility.
Her eyes focused on his boots as she stood before him and said in a weak and trembling voice, “It’s not yours.”
“Oh, my love.  I have been frantically searching for you these months. We’ve been sick with worry,” he choked out in a throaty voice that told her more about how he felt than the words ever could.
He wrapped her in his arms and held her close while she buried her face in his chest and cried until she could cry no more.
Olga stood back with a creased brow and a frown.  Not only had her niece been kidnapped, but it was clear what was done with her. Her hands curled up into tight fists as she struggled to remain calm and wait for the right time to hear Kendra’s story. She wanted nothing more than to march off to her niece’s captors and put a blade through their hearts.  Instead, she reached into her bag and pulled out some leftover rabbit from their morning’s meal and a water bottle and offered them to Kendra.
Kendra’s stomach sounded its need for food so loudly that she blushed.  Rex sucked in air to help him hold back the rage that was building up in him over what his love surely had endured while Olga warned her to eat slowly, since her stomach was so empty that feeding it too fast would only end in vomiting before she walked away to give the couple some privacy.
Kendra remained wrapped in Rex’s strong and loving arms while she struggled to keep from devouring the food that her body so desperately needed. As her body’s need for sustenance was slowly satisfied, she began to feel stronger and more like herself. Rex made no move to release her, but he kept his embrace as such that she could easily slip free whenever she felt the need. When he felt her body beginning to do just that, he stepped back and raised her chin with his finger so that his sky blue eyes could look deep into her watery chocolate ones.
“I love you, my beauty,” he whispered before gently kissing her on the lips.
She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back with a type of desperation.  It was as if she needed to erase all of the kissing, fondling, and manhandling that she’d experienced from Baelil with that one, purifying kiss from the man that she loved.  When she finally released him, she placed his hand on her stomach and choked out a whisper, “I’m not a beauty anymore.”
He kissed almost every inch of her tear streaked face as he assured her that she was and would always be the most beautiful woman in the world to him.  He assured her that, no matter what, he’d always love her.  When he felt that she was finally emotionally and physically stabilized enough to move, he suggested that they return to the place that he and Olga had camped the night before so that she could have a good night’s rest before they headed back to the compound.
They walked in silence, each deep in his or her own thoughts, until they reached the place where Olga and Rex had camped the night before.  Remnants of their campfire allowed them to get a new one going fairly quickly.  Soon, they had Kendra settled in the make shift shelter.  Olga and Rex spent the few hours  that she slept grumbling about their hatred for her captors and speculating over what Kendra must have gone through until she finally woke up to share her story.
29
The trip back to the compound took longer than they would have liked, but neither Rex nor Olga wanted to push the very pregnant Kendra.  Realizing how close she was to the end of her gestation time, Olga feared that excessive stress could bring on an early birth. She actually expressed her concern to her niece about the fact that she’d run away from her captors so close to the delivery date, but Kendra was adamant that she had to seize the opportunity when it arose. Olga couldn’t argue with that logic.  Not one bit.
They encountered a few stray zombies on the two day walk home, but Rex handled things quickly and without mishap.  It was as if dealing with walking corpses had become second nature to him.  Kendra thought about mentioning the look in the eyes of the zombies who had surrounded the tree that she’d climbed into for safety, but then thought better of it.  That conversation could wait for another day.
The compound had an eerie feel. They took a moment to stand in the courtyard to try to understand what was different.  Kendra wasn’t used to showing weakness, but she couldn’t help inching closer to Rex for protection. There was something off about the place and she feared that it was the fact that her captors were lying in wait to regain possession of her.
“Do you think they’re here?” she whispered as her fingers dug hard into Rex’s forearm.
He placed his hand over hers to calm her as he scanned the buildings for signs of someone who might be waiting for the right moment to surprise attack.  “Let’s get  you into the house and then I’ll thoroughly check out the property.”
“I can help,” she said with a tone that was meant to sound strong and defiant, but fell short.
“Any other time, I’d take you up on that, but you have to think of the baby. You need a long bath and a good sleep and I intend to see that you get it,” he said in a soothing, but firm tone that left her no room for argument. 
“You worry about the baby?” she said with surprise.
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asked with equal surprise.
“It’s not yours, for one thing.”
“It’s yours, isn’t it?”
“Of course,” she said with a mild chuckle.
“Then, it’s mine,” he insisted as he hustled her up the steps and onto the porch.  He looked at Olga who was following close behind. “Keep watch here while I check out the house.”
Olga nodded and turned to scope out the property.  She just couldn’t decide what was different, but something definitely was. It was then that she realized that Felix hadn’t come out of the house to meet them. Panic filled her. “Where’s Felix?”
Rex scowled as he held the door half open. “He should have greeted us.”   He looked first to Kendra and then to Olga. “No matter how long it takes me to return, do not come in until I give the all clear. Understand?”
Kendra simply looked at Rex with guilt consuming her face. He was sure that she was already blaming herself for whatever might have befallen Felix. He wanted to assure her that, if something had happened to Felix, it wasn’t her fault, but he didn’t have the time. It would have to be done in a private conversation; which he hoped they’d be able to have soon.
The house  felt cold and empty as he went from room to room without finding Felix.  He looked for signs of a scuffle to tell him if Felix had been abducted like Kendra was, but everything looked to be neat, tidy, and in place.  
Feeling a mixture of relief for the house being safe and anxiety over where Felix could be, he went to the door and motioned for the women to enter the house.
Olga stood inside of the doorway and looked around. “Is he here?”
Rex shook his head and scowled. “I’m going to check the grounds.”
“I’ll help,” Olga quickly said.
Rex’s eyes darted to Kendra. “I can handle it. Maybe you’d like to help our little mother settle in. She looks like she could use some rest.”
Realizing that she was allowing her concern for the young man that she’d always coddled because of the defect that happened during his birth to cloud her good judgement, Olga looked at Kendra and nodded. “I’ll get our little miss settled into a bath and then start dinner.”  She looked at the sun’s position in the sky. “It’ll be supper time soon.”
“How long were you gone from here?” Kendra asked as she stood in the great room and looked around as if trying to remember the place. 
“A little over a week,” Olga said as she watched Rex step off the porch and head toward the spa building.  “It feels longer, though. I guess I got spoiled having a bed and all.  Sleeping out under the stars no longer suits me.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“What for? You were a victim, not a perpetrator.”  She gently placed her hands on Kendra’s shoulders and guided her to her ensuite bathroom. “Get those clothes off of you while I draw you a bath.  That shirt’s a bit snug, wouldn’t you say?  I’ll see what I can find that might be more suitable.”
Kendra looked down at the exposed flesh of her belly where the shirt no longer covered and giggled. “I must look odd.”
“You look like you’re poured into those clothes.  Doesn’t the waist of those pants hurt you?”
Kendra filled her lungs and nodded. “If I loosen them enough to be comfortable, they fall down.  Baelil took my clothes from me for a long time and I got used to being naked, so when I wasn’t out in public, I just took them off.”
Olga’s eyes flew wide open as she bellowed, “He did what?”   She sucked in air as she focused on calming down.  Turning to the task of drawing Kendra a bath, she said in as calm a voice as she could muster, “Maybe you can share a bit of what happened while it’s just us girls.”
By the time Rex returned from searching the grounds, Kendra had told the basics of what she’d endured at the hands of Baelil -including how Baelil  had kept her captivity a secret while he held her prisoner and forced himself upon her until she became complaisant and the reason for her unwanted marriage- and was resting in bed.  Although she regretted sharing this bit of troubling news with Rex, Olga knew that Kendra wasn’t up to repeating her story and that he’d want to be told everything right away.  
She was in the kitchen cutting up vegetables for their dinner when Rex sat at the counter with a dejected look on his face. “There’s no sign of Felix.  I even checked in the root cellar.”
“I forgot about that cellar,” Olga mused. She set the knife down and wiped her face with her  hands as if there was something on it even though there was nothing. “What do we do now?  Kendra is in no condition to go back out there.”
Rex chewed on his lower lip in thought.
“It’s too late to head out now, but I’ll do a sweep of the area tomorrow. I’ll leave at first light.”
Olga heaved a sigh of resignation. Rex was right. It would be dark soon. They’d have to wait until morning before a search could begin for Felix. As much as she disliked staying behind, she knew that Kendra needed her.  Now that she was home, she wanted to do a thorough examination of the girl. Sure, she was a scientist, but she’d gone to medical school with the intention of opening a practice before her brother coaxed her into joining him and his wife in the research lab.  Her experience with obstetrics was limited, but she was all they had, so she’d have to do.
 “I spoke with Kendra while you were gone,” Olga said with hesitation.
“Is she resting?” he anxiously asked as he looked in the direction of her bedroom.
“She fell asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow,” Olga said.  Then, after a tense and quiet moment, she added, “Do your best to contain your temper while I tell you what I know.”
30
Rex paced the porch as he processed the story that Olga had just shared with him.  A myriad of emotions surged through him like angry ocean waves slamming against a rocky shore.  The thought of that snake, Baelil, forcing himself on his poor Kendra ripped him up inside.  Thinking of her being forced to parade around the room naked for his months of pleasure was torturous.  He slammed his powerful fist into the palm of his hand as he visualized punching Baelil’s head right off of his body. 
He could understand why Kendra would agree to the marriage in order to avoid being placed into a breeding rotation. Even though it was a made up reality for those in Center Land Village, such a set up was very, very real within the alien governed part of the world.  It made sense that Kendra would believe it without question.
He closed his eyes as he struggled to maintain control of his faculties.  In the months that he’d been a member of this family, he’d managed to keep his secret hidden, but, now that he was so out of sorts by learning the truth of what happened to Kendra, he wasn’t sure that he’d be able to control it enough to hide it.  
When they’d asked him what type of effect that the radiation exposure had on him, he’d only told partial truth when he said that he experienced stomach problems and migraines.  Fearful that they would reject him if they knew the truth, he withheld the fact that the exposure to the radiation had given him strong psychic and telekinesis powers. Because he was so fearful of being labeled a mutant, he didn’t tap into these abilities and had left them dormant over the years.  Even so, they were there and could be called upon if need be.
The information that Olga had shared with him gave him a strong baseline to call upon as he put his psychic abilities to use for the first time since he’d discovered that he had them.  After making sure that he was alone, he closed his eyes and focused on Kendra.  Little by little he was able to see Baelil, Ari, and Center Land Village as they were seen through her eyes.  He not only saw what she saw, but he felt what she felt.
He not only felt her emotions, but he relived the experience of being pulled from him while they were making love.  He felt her  panic as she looked at his bloody face before a sac was thrown over her head and she was forced onto the back of the horse with Baelil.  He experienced his hands teasing her breasts during the long journey to Center Land Village as well as when he forced himself upon her.  He felt her physical pain, her panic, her tears, and her hatred of Baelil so strongly that he could barely contain himself.  
He wanted to see more.  To feel more. To know exactly what she went through so that he could help her now, but he had to pull away before his telekinesis power surfaced. Since he hadn’t learned to control it, he had no idea what havoc it would cause.
 When he opened his eyes and wiped at the perspiration that had formed on his forehead and neck, he found himself looking into Olga’s serious face. “Why didn’t you tell me that  you were psychic?”
“Why would you think that I’m psychic?”
“I’ve seen enough psychics in trance to recognize it when it’s staring me in the face.”
Rex looked away.  He felt like a trapped animal.  If  he admitted to being psychic, would she cast him out for being a mutant?
“Can you find Felix with it?” she asked with a voice that was filled with hope.
“This is the very first time that I’ve used it.  I don’t really understand it or what I can or can’t do with it,” Rex admitted.
“Will you try?” 
“It doesn’t repel you to know that I have this ability?” Rex asked with concern. “Doesn’t that make me a mutant?”
“There have been people born with psychic ability since the beginning of time. It has nothing to do with being a mutant,” she assured him.  Then, by the look on his face and the fact that she had a special sense herself, she added, “but  even if it did make you a mutant, we’d still love you. You’re a part of this family now, Rex.  Nothing can change that.”
Rex looked at her long and hard. “Are you certain nothing can change it?”
“What else are you hiding?” Olga demanded in a soft tone.
“I can move things with my mind and my hands,” he admitted. “Or, as least I think that I can.  I haven’t tried since it happened right after the holocaust.”
“How have you managed to keep something like that a secret?”
“It only happens if I let my emotions get out of control. Otherwise, I can keep it subdued,” he said.
She thought for a moment. “I’ve no doubt that we’ll be engaging in some type of battle with that snake, Baelil. These abilities of yours could be useful.”
“You want me to practice using them?” he said with surprise.
“We’ll need all the help we can get,” she said. “Let’s not forget that it’s going to be us against a village.”
“Do you really think that the entire village will come after Kendra?” Rex asked. “I would think that the only one who will be desperate to get her back would be Baelil.”
“They know who she is.  They have that machine that I mentioned in their possession and they plan on putting her on it to see if she has memories of her parents discussing the formula for the virus cure. The only reason they haven’t done it is because of the baby.”  Olga scowled as she filled her lungs with air.  “They’ll want her back, alright.”
“We’ll need Felix if we’re going to battle,” Rex said, thoughtfully.
“What were you seeing when I came out of the house?” Olga asked.
Rex snarled as he relayed all that he’d seen and experienced while tapping into Kendra’s energies.  She said nothing, other than to encourage him to do the same with Felix.
It took him a bit longer, but he was eventually able to see and feel what Felix was seeing and feeling.
“He’s somewhere dark. Like a cave. He’s in a lot of pain in the groin area,” Rex said as he winced from the pain Felix was feeling. “Dear gods above,” he exclaimed. “He’s been castrated and, from what I can tell, he’s been left to bleed to death.”
“No!” Olga wailed. “Where is he? Can you see where he is?”
“In a cave.  I think that he’s in a cave,” Rex said with hesitation. “It feels familiar to him. Like home, almost.”
Olga sounded panicked. “We have to go to him.”
“What about Kendra?” Rex asked with concern.
“If Felix is bleeding to death, he takes precedence.  We’ll fix the cart for Kendra to ride in when she gets too tired to walk,” Olga insisted.
Rex nodded in agreement.
“We’ll work on your skills while we travel.” 
31
Rex said nothing to Kendra about the fact that Olga had shared her story with him.  He thought it best to wait and see how much she wanted to tell him and at what intervals.  He knew that she dreaded telling him anything, but he trusted that she would eventually share all. He held her close through the night and whispered his undying love to her, but made no move to touch her intimately.  It wasn’t because he didn’t want her.  After all of those months of searching, to finally be behind closed doors with her was extremely tempting. His need to touch every inch of her loveliness and assure himself that she was still his was almost overwhelming.  But, the last thing that he wanted to do was to make her feel like she was forced into making love.  She’d had enough of being forced into doing things; both sexually and non-sexually.  When she was ready, she’d make the initiative.  Until then, he’d do his best to be patient.
The sun was just peeking over the  horizon when they headed off in the direction of the cave that had been Kendra’s home for most of her life.  Olga was certain that it was the cave that Rex psychically saw.  They’d briefly shared the information on the powers that Rex had not used and had kept secret with Kendra as soon as she arose; promising that it would make more sense to her and be better explained as the trip progressed.  To both Olga and Rex’s surprise, the normally inquisitive Kendra showed little curiosity about how Rex was able to see Felix’s surroundings.  Nor did she seem bothered by the fact that he’d kept these abilities a secret from them.  There was a change in her that both he and Olga noticed, but neither could identify exactly what that change was. It was as if only a portion of Kendra had returned to them.
Although they pushed themselves to get to the cave in record time, they still spared a few moments to work on developing Rex’s abilities whenever they stopped to rest their bodies. He found it much easier to use both his psychic and his telekinesis  powers than he’d imagined. It didn’t seem to matter that they’d been repressed and dormant for almost twenty years.
Kendra showed more interest in Rex’s powers than she did on how he got them or why he’d kept them a secret.  It was soon clear that she looked upon them as weapons of defense; which was exactly what Olga and Rex intended them to be.  Both Rex and Olga were encouraged when they noticed that the more he perfected his abilities, the more Kendra returned to her old self. 
The sun was just setting when they reached the cave.  Both women seemed a little melancholy as they entered their old stomping ground, but not enough to lose sight of their goal; which was to find Felix.
Olga called for him, but there was no reply.  Rex closed his eyes and insisted that the young man was inside the cave. They lit a torch and cautiously entered it.  With his abilities being so new to them, they were still uncertain of the accuracy. If there was something inside that wasn’t Felix, it wouldn’t do to go blindly rushing in. 
“Felix,”  Olga cautiously called out. “Felix, are you here?”
A faint groan echoed off the stone interior. Something in its tone made her blood run cold.  She adjusted the medical kit that she’d strapped over her chest in a crossbody fashion and hurried toward the moan.  Rex, who wasn’t familiar with the layout of the cave, was close behind with the torch.  Kendra lagged behind for a brief moment before pushing past Rex with a newfound urgency.
“Felix,” Kendra said as she slid to her knees next to her cousin. Although it was clear by his blood soaked groin that Rex was correct in saying the he’d been castrated, she still asked, “What happened?”
His breathing was shallow and his words were barely audible as he spit out Baelil’s name as if it was poison.
“Don’t try to talk,” Olga urged.  She turned to Rex. “Can we get him outside?  The air in here is rancid.”
“I wonder how long he’s been here like this?” Rex mused, more to himself than to her.
“Days,” Felix managed to cough out in a barely audible voice. “I’ve lost a lot of blood. I’m dehydrated and weak with hunger. They beat me, then cut me, and then walked away.”
“Damn,” Rex grumbled as he carefully lifted Felix into his strong arms and cautiously made his way out of the dark cave. 
The fact that neither Olga or Kendra – who knew every inch of the cave like the back of their hands – didn’t think to provide torch light for him before they rushed ahead to make the cart ready to receive Felix made the going slower than was necessary.
He’d never carried the young man before, but he was sure that there should have been more heft to him.  Looking down at his gaunt face, he could only imagine how much weight Felix had lost, along with a good deal of blood, during the ordeal.
Olga quickly made a bed in the cart for her nephew.  It was the first time that she realized how lucky it was that they’d brought it. In her urgency to reach him, she hadn’t considered the fact that he’d be unable to walk home.  They’d need the cart to transport both him and Kendra. She remembered a few of the hills that they’d have to travel over on their way back home and sighed. Getting the cart over those hills was going to be a task for her and Rex, but they’d manage.
Using the little bit of light that was left as the sun slowly slid below the trees, Olga assessed her nephew’s condition.  Her first thought was that he needed a blood transfusion, but that was something that she wasn’t able to offer him.  She’d just have to keep him quiet and stop the bleeding so that his body could regenerate its own blood supply. If he still looked as if he needed help in that department when they got home, she could rig something up to accommodate him.  She hoped.
Mortified of his condition, Felix resisted having anyone look at the wound, but, after being assured that both Rex and Kendra would turn their backs and walk away, he relented and allowed Olga access to his most private area.  She shuddered as she inspected the inflamed incision that was left open and untreated in any way.  It was as if that snake wanted Felix to die. 
 The fact that Felix went in and out of consciousness was actually a help because it enabled Olga to summon assistance from Rex on several occasions while she tended to and bandaged the angry wound.  When she was satisfied that they’d done all that they could do, she settled in for the night.
Fortunately, Kendra took the initiative of gathering firewood and starting a nice fire for them in the well-used and oh-so-familiar pit.  She’d also set up sleeping arrangements at the mouth of the cave so that they could be protected, but still close enough to hear Felix if he needed assistance in any way.
With her bow in hand, she insisted on taking the first watch for the night. Since Olga and Rex were exhausted from pushing their bodies to travel at a rapid speed over the last few days while pulling the cart and then tending to Felix, they readily agreed.
As Rex lay his head down for sleep to take over, he took a long look at the young woman that he loved with all of his heart.  She was back full force.  He smiled with satisfaction as darkness consumed him.
Recognizing how exhausted both her aunt and her lover were, Kendra made up her mind to hold vigil throughout the night so that they could sleep.  She’d be able to sleep in the cart, since they allowed her very little walking time due to her condition.
The baby kicked so hard that it took her breath away and caused her to double over.  She knew that the time for the baby to be born was near, but she’d hoped that it wouldn’t happen until they were back home.  She placed her hand over her rounded stomach and sent a mental message to the child that now was not the time to do something that they would all regret; such as be born. Sadly, the baby had other ideas. Within hours of them falling asleep, Kendra was forced to awaken her aunt.
Olga sat up with a start and immediately looked to Felix who was peacefully sleeping. When she gave Kendra a curious look, her niece pointed to her blood soaked joggers.  No more was said as Olga rose and quickly made ready to deliver a baby.

32
“I can’t believe you let me sleep through it all,” Rex grumbled as he ran his powerful fingers through his long dark hair before pulling its thick strands up into a man bun. “I could have helped you.”
“You were exhausted,” Kendra said in a soft voice as she cuddled her newborn son close to her breast while it nursed. Since she had nothing to swaddle the baby in, she’d removed her tee shirt and was using that. This left her hoodie to cover herself with, but, at the moment, both of her breasts were bare, with her long, silken hair covering the breast that the baby wasn’t feeding on. “We need to head back and one of you had to be rested to pull the cart.”
“So, I’m the family workhorse, eh?” he said in a mildly teasing tone that made it difficult to tell if he was serious or truly teasing.
“I shouldn’t have sent that horse back to Ari,” Kendra lamented. 
“They didn’t need more reason to look for you,” Olga said as she finished spoon feeding Felix.  She’d insisted on feeding him because his arms were paining from the sprains and bruises that he’d received while being tortured by Baelil and his men. Looking him over in the light of day as he swallowed the last spoonful of corn gruel, she was pleased to see that his bruising was yellowing and his eyes were clear and full of life.  Patting him on his thigh, she smiled and said, “You look much better today, young man. You put the fear in me last night when we first arrived.”
Rex squatted on his heels and kissed Kendra and the baby on their heads before going to the wagon to visit with Felix. “She’s right. You look like a different man today.”
“I’m no longer a man,” Felix bemoaned as he looked away.
“What they did to you is unforgiveable,” Rex offered, “but it doesn’t diminish who you are.  You are one of the best men that I’ve had the privilege of meeting in this sad and crazy world that we’re forced to live in.”
The emotional pain in Felix’s voice matched the pain that  he’d endured over the last few days. “They accused me of being a mutant because of my foot.”
“How did you end up here?  How did Baelil end up here?”  Rex asked. “I’m trying to understand.”
Silent tears trickled down Felix’s cheeks while he regulated his breathing enough to allow him to speak. He hated the fact that he was showing such emotion and weakness, but he couldn’t stop his body from doing it.
“If you’re not up to telling us, it can wait,” Olga assured him.
Felix shook his head. “It can’t wait. They’ll be back soon enough. One of them is sure to return.”
“Baelil and his men?” Rex snarled.
Felix nodded. “And Rupert.”
“Rupert?” Kendra said with surprise as she removed the baby from her breast and concealed her bare nipple by positioning the baby over it as it rested against her shoulder.  “Did you say Rupert?”
“This sounds complicated,” Olga muttered as she lugged the small tree stump that she’d used for years as a seat  when working at the fire pit closer to the cart and sat down.
“You look tired, aunt,” Felix said with sympathy.
“It’s been a long week,” Olga admitted, “I’ll be alright, though.  Tell us what you can about Rupert and Baelil.  Were they together?”
“No,” Felix said. “Baelil came to the compound with a few men.  I recognized him and slipped out of the back of the property before they could see me.  I didn’t know where to go, so I came here.  I figured that if you came home and found me gone, this would probably be the first place that you’d look for me.”
Olga nodded, but didn’t admit that it never even entered her mind to look for him there and if it hadn’t been for Rex he’d have probably died from infection or blood loss or dehydration and starvation.  Or, possibly a combination of them all.  She felt that sharing the fact that Rex was an actual mutant with psychic abilities at a time like this would be inappropriate on so many levels.
“I was here for about a day when Rupert showed up,” he continued in a raspy and weakened voice. “He’s really changed.  He works for the alien regime now. Don’t ask me how that happened.”  He looked at his cousin.  “He’s rounding up girls of breeding age for them. He planned on taking you back with him and breeding with you himself.  He’d already gained permission from his superiors.”  
A look of extreme sadness and disappointment consumed Olga, while Kendra’s face went fiery red with rage.  
“Doesn’t he even care that the children he produces will be owned and used by those blasted aliens? What is wrong with that boy?” Olga spat.
It was Rex who found the words to ask the question, “What did you tell him about Kendra?”
“I told him the truth.  I told him that she’d been kidnapped months ago and that we had no idea where she was, but that you and auntie were out searching for her.”  He took a deep breath. “He questioned why the cave was so barren.  I had no choice but to confess that we’d moved, but I never told him where.  He argued with me to tell him, but I held my tongue.  Then, Baelil and his men showed up on horseback. They tracked me with the help of an enormous, amazon sized black woman who has psychic powers.  When they found out what Rupert was up to, Baelil declared that Kendra belonged to him and they ran him off. Rupert was furious and threatened to return with backup.  
“After he left, they turned on me.  They told me that Kendra had escaped and they didn’t believe that I didn’t know where she was. They tried to beat it out of me until it registered that I really couldn’t tell them something that I didn’t know.”
Rex closed his eyes and the vision of what Felix endured from their angry and vicious fists appeared.  He quickly shook it from his head.
“Why did they castrate you?” Rex asked in a gentle and steady tone.
“Baelil said that it was his people’s policy to sterilize the mutants rather than kill them like the alien regime.  He made a big deal out of how generous he was being by sparing my life,”  Felix wheezed. “I tried to tell him that I wasn’t a mutant, but he wouldn’t believe me.”
“The psychic would have known that you weren’t a mutant,” Rex said as he tried to restrain his anger.
“Is it their policy to leave their victims in the state that they left you?” Olga asked with venom in her voice.
“I think he was just being vindictive because he’s mad at Kendra for running away,” Felix said as he looked at his cousin. “That’s his baby, isn’t it?”
“He seeded it, but it’s my child,” Kendra said with forceful conviction.
“You might want to explain that to him because he sees it differently,” Felix continued. “He claims that you’re his wife.”
“I belong to Rex,” Kendra firmly insisted. “No one else. Just Rex.”
Rex walked back to Kendra and squatted next to her. Putting his arms around her, he held her and the baby close to his chest. “No one’s going to take you again.  I promise.”
“We need to leave this place before they come back,” Felix said. “If Rupert was speaking the truth, he’s returning with a few cyborgs.  I don’t know what I fear most; Baelil and his crazy pack of gangsters or Rupert and his cyborgs.”
“I’d say it’s Rupert and his cyborgs,”  bellowed Rupert as he sauntered into their camp like he hadn’t a care in the world. “Hello, auntie.”  Looking at Rex as he stood up and took on a defensive stance, he cocked his head and said, “Who have we here?”  Without waiting for an answer, he looked at Kendra and gave a wicked grin. “Well, cousin. I see someone broke you in for me. That’s fine. It will just make mounting you all the sweeter.  I hope they taught you a few things as well.” Without a moment’s hesitation, he shouted, “Seize her!”
Out of what seemed like nowhere, two cyborgs swooped into the camp and lifted Kendra from where she sat.  She still hadn’t put her tee shirt back on, so when a third cyborg appeared and ripped her baby from her arms, her breasts were exposed for all to see.
Rupert’s eyes lit up at the sight of Kendra’s bare breasts. “Bring her to me.”
Rex made to stop them, but the cyborg holding the infant punched him in the chest so hard that not only did it knock the wind from him, but he questioned if the blow stopped the beating of his heart.
He watched in helpless torment as Olga flew to the ground after being given the same treatment that he’d received.  Her stillness worried him, but he found himself unable to do anything but struggle for air.
The sight of the cyborgs holding Kendra steady while Rupert vindictively violated her breasts caused something to snap inside of Rex.  He was still having difficulty breathing, but his mind was functioning well enough to obey his command. The look of surprise on Rupert’s face when the grinning cyborgs who were holding Kendra  as his victim suddenly lost those malicious grins as they released her and flew back through the air an easy fifty feet was all it took to get Rex to align his body enough to breathe normally and stand up once more.   It was his intention to attack Rupert, but he stopped in mid-step when he saw Kendra kick her offending cousin in his private area with all of her might and then bring her knee up with equal force to meet his chin when he doubled over from the pain.  Then, as Rupert crumbled to the ground, Kendra moved with rapid determination.  She took an oversized rock and brought it down upon his head so loud that the sound of his skull cracking echoed off the cave’s exterior while his blood splattered onto her hands, chest, and face.
Rex wasted no time turning his attention to the cyborgs who were now returning to resume their mission of capturing Kendra. He rushed up to the one that was holding the baby and used telekinesis to force it to loosen its grip. Grabbing it, he quickly handed it to Kendra before he used both his hands and his mind to disassemble the cyborg.  He’d just finished when the other two reached him.  
Battling two cyborgs with superhuman strength was more than he’d anticipated when he was practicing using his powers. As they worked on pulling his body into pieces like he’d done to their companion, he used his mind to enter the mind of the one on his left. It caused such a confusion that the cyborg lost its focus on the task at hand and loosened its grip enough to give Rex the edge.  Feeling confident that the confused cyborg was no immediate threat, he used his telekinesis powers to dismember the cyborg on his left.  Then, while still in the remaining cyborg’s head, he did the same to it. When it was all over, he stood next to Kendra and silently looked at the body parts and blood that coated the ground.  
Olga slowly sat up and shook her head.  Rather than focus on the torn body parts that surrounded her, her eyes immediately went to Rupert’s lifeless form.
“Did you have to kill him?” she choked out as she looked at Rex with intense dismay.
“Rex didn’t kill him, auntie.  I did,” Kendra boldly said as she handed the baby to Rex while she pulled on her hoodie to cover her torso.  Once done, she reached out to receive her son again. As Rex gently placed the baby into her outstretched arms, she continued with, “He was evil and cruel and wouldn’t have rested until he’d satisfied himself with cruel acts toward me. He’d have turned my son and all future children over to those cannibalistic, slave owning aliens without a second thought.  I couldn’t let him live.”
Olga’s sad eyes looked at her niece. “I know you’re right, but he was like a son to me. I guess I kept hoping that he’d get over his obsession with you.”
“It was more than an obsession, auntie. It was a sickness.”
“Don’t forget that he was working for the alien regime,” Felix interjected. “You heard Kendra.  He’d have given that precious baby to them without thinking twice.  He was like your son, but he was a sick and evil son.  I saw it years ago.  You were just blinded by love.  I, for one, am proud of Kendra for having the hutzpah to do what needed to be done.  I’m damned proud.”
Kendra flashed Felix a weak smile. “We need to get moving. Baelil is still a threat.  I know the black woman that he’s talking about. They use her to track people, amongst other things.  She’s bound to pick up that we’re back here if we stay too long.”
Feeling exhausted and being reminded by both Rex and Olga that she’d only recently given birth, Kendra freely climbed into the cart next to Felix.  He rested his head on her shoulder in the brotherly way that he’d done so many times over the years and sighed.  It was good to have the family back together again, even if they were dented and damaged.
Leaving the bodies as they lay, they gathered their belongings together and began the arduous journey home.  
33
Other than the fact that pulling the cart was physically demanding and taxing, the journey home was uneventful. Although still weak, Felix was feeling more like himself and was able to get out and walk short distances, as did Kendra; giving Rex and Olga brief intervals of reprieve. By the time they reached the compound, they were ready for a hot bath, a good meal, and a long sleep. In that order.
Olga insisted that Felix meet her in her special room so that she could better tend to his wound with herbs and sutures that she just didn’t have with her on the trip.  He resisted, but was glad that he eventually gave in to her insistence when he almost immediately felt a reprieve from the throbbing pain that he’d experienced in his groin since Baelil and his men had attacked it with what he was certain was a dull knife. He smiled his thanks and promised to just do a sink wash before heading to bed so that he didn’t jeopardize the stability of the soothing herbal compound. She assured him that he’d be able to take a long and much needed shower after the herbs had worked their magic through the night.
Exhausted and still weak, he headed for his room with Olga promising to bring food to him as soon as she’d prepared something.
“You’re tired too, auntie,” he protested.
“I’m not so tired that I can’t rustle up a bit of sustenance for us all,”  she said. “I’ll pamper myself after that.”
“Promise?” he worriedly asked.
She gave him a warm smile and a nod. 
Feeling more exhausted than she wanted anyone to see, Olga quickly set to making a simple vegetable stew for them to eat. They’d had plenty of meat during their travel, so the vegetables would be a welcome change.
There was no time to make arrangements for the baby before they set out to find Felix, so Kendra and Rex immediately went about searching for things that they could use to put together a nursery. Fortunately, there were plenty of towels of all sizes in the spa building, so they had the diapering part of babyhood covered.  To their surprise and delight, Rex found a few portable cribs in the attic storage room that they assumed were kept for guests with small infants. 
They set up the room across the hall from Kendra’s bedroom as the nursery and, since there were more than one, they put a portable crib in her room near her as well. 
The satisfied grin on Rex’s face when they’d finished setting things up quickly faded at the sight of Kendra’s pale and drawn appearance as she sat down to nurse her newborn son. It had only been a few days since she’d given birth in the wild and then been forced to make a grueling trip over the mountains with her newborn in tow.  With Felix to tend to, her condition wasn’t as closely monitored by Olga as he’d hoped it would be.  
She gave him no resistance when he insisted that she take a quick shower and hop into bed after feeding the baby. He waited until the child’s hunger was satisfied before taking him from Kendra.  He insisted that he was fully capable of changing him into a clean swaddling while she tended to her own needs.  She gave him a kiss of gratitude on the cheek and immediately headed for the shower.
His smile of domestic bliss slowly switched to a look of sadness and remorse as he tended to the tiny newborn that his lover had entrusted to his care.  Changing his soiled coverings brought back memories of when he tended to his own children not so long ago.  He wasn’t sure if the tears that flowed down his cheeks were because he was so exhausted from the demands of the last week or simply because he was filled with such deep sorrow.  He just knew that he needed to let them flow.
Hearing Olga coming down the hall, he quickly wiped at them, but it wasn’t done soon enough to avoid having her realize that he’d been crying. He expected her to ask him about it, but she kept her eyes on her great nephew as she took him into her loving arms and suggested that he take a shower as well.
He gratefully left the room and hurried to clean up.  The smells permeating the house from the dinner on the stove were quickly waking his stomach up.
He was half way through his shower when he felt Kendra’s slender hands roaming over his powerful back. “I think that you get your strength from your mutant side.”
He rested his forehead against the wall and let the hot water pummel the tension from his neck. “I don’t feel very strong.”
“You have more strength and stamina than the average man has, my love,” she said as she slid around his body so that her back was leaning against the ceramic tiled wall and her lips were caressing his chest while she spoke. “I often wondered how you managed.  I think it’s part of the nuclear exposure after effects.”
“It doesn’t bother you that I have these things wrong with me?” he half spoke, half moaned as she slid her hands down to massage his manhood while her tongue laved his nipple.
“You think it’s wrong?” she said as she gently nibbled on his nipple before trailing her tongue over his stomach toward his most private area. “I think it’s wonderful.”
He quickly placed his hands on the sides of her face and tipped it so that she could look at him. “You just had a baby.  You don’t need to do this.”
“I need to do it for me,” she said as she gently pulled his hands away. “I need to remove the memories of him and replace them with you.”
“He made you do this?” Rex growled in a thick whisper.
“Just let me do this,” she said with a breathy voice of erotic excitement as she wrapped her moist lips around him.
He was both furious with the thought that she’d been made to be so intimate with another man and elated with what she was doing to him. It didn’t take long before he was completely consumed by his pleasure and all thoughts of Baelil were tossed to the wind.
Because she was still healing, he couldn’t enter her, but he satisfied her in other ways.  By the time they’d finished showering, they’d reaffirmed their bond and the wedge named “Baelil” that had been ever present between them since she’d come home was no more.
34
The days that followed saw a significant improvement in both Felix and Kendra’s physical and emotional health.  Since Kendra looked upon Felix as a brother and she trusted him explicitly, she asked him to help her with the baby so that she could resume the duties that she’d performed for the family over the years, which included hunting.  He was nervous and hesitant at first, but quickly took to the new role to the extent that Kendra was hard pressed to have time with her son.  She’d often joke that if it wasn’t for the fact that she was the one with the breast milk, she’d never get to hold him. 
Seeing how much the new role of pseudo father perked up Felix’s spirits, she gave him the honor of naming the baby.  It took several days of extreme consideration on Felix’s part before he settled on the name Eugene.  Although, not a name that would have made it onto her baby naming list, Kendra smiled and thanked him while announcing that the baby’s name would be Eugene Henderson.
Hearing that the child would be given his last name surprised and pleased Rex, but not as much as when Kendra informed him that she considered herself to be his wife and was also assuming his name.  He’d never thought it an important factor in  a world that no longer recognized marriage bonds, but, after being forced into that farce of a marriage with Baelil in Center Land Village where they still did recognize them, he could understand why she needed to label her relationship with him.
Hearing all of these decisions, Olga went one step further and pulled out the priestess robe that once belonged to Kendra’s mother. It was slightly singed from the fire.  Even so, she’d kept it clean and in a safe place and felt that it was still in good enough condition to be serviceable.  She apologized to everyone for not being as versed in the rituals as were her brother and sister-in-law, before doing her best to perform a dedication ceremony to the gods for Eugene and a wedding ceremony for Kendra and Rex.  By the time she’d finished, there wasn’t a dry eye amongst them.
It was a special day that they’d remember always.
The sun was just setting as they finished the day’s events off with a small celebration feast.  With their bellies full and their hearts happy, Felix took Eugene inside to change him while Rex, Kendra, and Olga remained on the porch to enjoy the beautiful sunset.  Kendra wore a smile of satisfaction as she leaned back against Rex’s chest and practically purred with contentment.  He’d just enfolded her in his arms when an arrow grazed the side of his head as it embedded into the siding of the house.
More arrows followed, forcing them to duck and dart as they struggled to get inside of the house to safety.  Luckily, with the exception of a light scratch on Olga’s upper arm and the even lighter scratch on Rex’s head, they experienced no further casualties.
“What’s going on?” Felix asked as  he came out of the baby’s room with Eugene snuggled close to his chest.
Rex closed his eyes to psychically get a vision of the invaders.  His lips curled into a snarl. “It’s Baelil and his cronies.”
“I figured as much,” Olga grumbled as she hurriedly dispensed the weapons. “Put Eugene somewhere safe from flying arrows, Felix, and then hurry back. By the number that just assaulted us, I’m guessing we’re outnumbered by quite a bit.”
“Did you forget about our secret weapon?” Kendra asked as she proudly placed her hand on Rex’s shoulder.
“I did not, but it’s better to be safe than sorry,” Olga replied.  “The more man power we have, the better our odds. It’s that simple.”
“They have that psychic with them,” Rex said as he continued to focus with his eyes closed. “She’s more than a psychic.  She’s some kind of witch.”
Olga sat down in the nearest chair with her shoulders slumped. “Perfect.”
“You know some magic, auntie,” Felix said as he hurried back into the great room and picked up his bow. “I know you think we don’t know, but I’ve seen you do it over the years.  You can counter what she does, can’t you?”
“You were supposed to be sleeping when I did that,” Olga scowled.
Felix flashed her a handsome grin and went to the window to carefully inspect the grounds as best as he could through the dusty glass and in the pre-evening light.
“Do you know enough magic to do any good?” Kendra earnestly asked.
 “Maybe between me and Rex, we can do something,” Olga replied.
“I’m not going back with him,”  Kendra said with intensity.
“I plan on killing him,” Rex assured her.
Kendra’s brows raised at the cold manner in which Rex casually announced that he was going to kill another human being, but she said nothing. Like Rupert, there was no other option but to kill Baelil if they wanted to be able to live out their days in peace.
“It’s getting too dark to see who is where,” Felix complained.
“Hi there, Felix. You’re a surprise. I didn’t expect to find you here.  How are you feeling?” Baelil bellowed in a teasing manner when he saw Felix through the glass of the oversized window.
Felix squeezed his eyes shut as he fought back the myriad of emotions that flooded him. When he finally wrestled control, he went to the door and shouted through the small crack that he’d created in order to speak to them clearly, “I feel just dandy, asshole.”
The laughter of the adversaries through the dusky light flowed through the opened doorway and permeated the room, causing the hair on their necks to stand at attention.  It had an evil, hollow echo to it as it wove its way through the trees until it settled in the courtyard of the complex.  Kendra knew, first hand, the wicked side that Baelil possessed. As did Felix.  Even so, the evilness held in their laughter set them on their heels.
“Don’t let him get to you,” Rex hissed. Then, he shouted in a tone loud enough for Baelil to hear, “I’m going to spare us more misery, Baelil.   Remember me? I’m the fella you kicked in the side of the head like the weaselly coward that you are.  Let’s see how you do with me dressed and on my feet!”
“There’s no need for violence,” Baelil shouted back.  “Just give me my wife and child and we’ll be on our way.”
“Do you mean my wife and child?” Rex called out. “If I’m not mistaken, you literally ripped my wife off me and stole away with her like some weasel.  Now, she’s returned and she intends to stay.”
“We were married in accordance to the laws of Center Land Village,” Baelil yelled with belligerence. 
“And we were married in accordance to the laws of the gods!” Rex bellowed back. “Now, do everyone a favor and leave us!”
The silence that followed was nerve wracking.  It lasted so long that they began to wonder if Baelil was going to accept Rex’s demands and leave. He was about to slip outside to get a better idea of whether or not they were still there when Baelil bellowed, “I know for a fact that I fathered that baby.  Keep your wife, but give me my child!”
“He’s my child, you monster!” Kendra screeched. “You’ve fathered plenty of bastards in Center Land Village through that breeding program that you’re so hot to participate in.  He’s just another child to you.”
Rex raised a brow at the hostility that rang in Kendra’s voice at the mention of Baelil’s participation in the breeding program.  
It didn’t go unnoticed by Baelil either and he was quick to mention it. “You sound a bit piqued about my performing my duties for mankind.  Could it be that you’re jealous?” 
Baelil took a moment to whisper orders for Denai to cloak him with a spell of invisibility so that he could enter the house and collect his son.
“Don’t you wish!” Kendra snarled. “I have no need to worry about who you bed. I’m just glad that it’s no longer me.”
“You loved what I did to you,” Baelil taunted.  “You can’t fake moans like the ones you made.”
Kendra bit her lower lip while she eyed Rex’s reaction to Baelil’s taunting.  If things got any crazier, he could lose his composure and control over his powers.  She had to do something to change things around. 
“You know that he’s just trying to unnerve you and me so that he can gain control,” she said in a worried tone.  “He wants you to go crazy and lose your focus. Don’t let him win, my love.”
Rex looked at Kendra as if seeing her for the first time. Panic filled her as the fear that Baelil’s words had hit their mark took over.  “You don’t believe him, do you?”
“Shh,” he said as he placed his index finger on her lips and then quickly kissed her forehead. Then, in a soft voice, he said, “I want you to keep him busy. Taunt him as much as you can to keep his focus on you while I sneak out and around.”
“We don’t know how many are out there,” she worriedly cried. “You can’t go out there alone.”
“He won’t be,” Felix said in a firm and steady tone.  “I owe that son-of-a-bitch and I intend to make good on it.”
“I’m killing him,” Rex said as he glowered at Felix in a challenging way.  He turned to Olga. “I got the impression that they’re going to use some form of magic.  An invisibility spell, maybe?  Can you counter that if they do?”
Olga nodded, but said nothing as she closed her eyes and immediately set out to create a block for all magic within the perimeter of the property.
Recognizing his friend’s need to be the one to end Baelil’s miserable existence, Felix nodded and motioned with his arm for Rex to lead the way.
Kendra looked quickly at Olga.  She could see waves of energy swirling around the woman.  It was time that she did her part in protecting them.  Taking a deep breath, Kendra began to toss insults at Baelil about his manhood and how poorly his prowess in the bedroom compared with her true husband’s. She knew him well enough to know that insults of that nature would have the greatest effect in throwing him off balance.  The frustration that she heard in his voice spurred her on as she poured forth months of hatred and anger in the form of personal insults at her captor.
Rex checked their surroundings through each window as he slithered past them toward the back door.  As far as he could tell, Baelil and his group were monitoring the front of the house.  He took a moment to tap into the mind of the psychic witch, but quickly pulled away when he felt her reacting to him. He was connected long enough to recognize that Olga’s block on magic was holding and the psychic witch hadn’t managed to cloak Baelil.  A slow smile of satisfaction formed as he continued on.
35
Denai cocked her head and scowled. “They have someone who is psychic with them.”
“Truly?” Baelil said in an off-handed manner.  He’d allowed Kendra’s taunting to get under his skin and was struggling to keep from charging the house and putting her in her place.
“I think it’s a male, but I can’t be sure,” Denai continued with a worried whisper. “Whoever it is has strong energy.  My magic is being blocked too.”
Denai considered herself an average psychic with a few magical tricks up her sleeve.  She’d let them believe that she was far more powerful than she was.  She didn’t actually say it in so many words, but she also didn’t deny it when they praised her for her powers and skills.  It had been good fortune that since she joined the populous of Center Land Village there had been no one to challenge or put her abilities to a serious test.  Everything that she’d been called upon to perform was fairly easy to achieve, like tracking someone or something or seeing the future.  She feared that whoever was on Kendra’s side was going to show her for the charlatan that she was.
The fact that Baelil was letting this girl ruffle him annoyed her.  If they weren’t careful, they’d lose the upper hand. She’d already seen the various scenarios of how this encounter could go. The one where their opponents got the upper hand ended in extreme bloodshed and death. Possibly even hers. It was a scenario that she wanted to avoid at all costs.
“Don’t let her goad you like that,” she hissed as she grabbed his arm to get his attention.
He yanked himself free from her powerful grip and scowled. “Never manhandle me like that again.”
“You are letting her get the better of you.  Close your ears to her taunting. I have been in your bed.  She speaks lies. You know it and so do I.” 
“I want her to pay for those lies,” he hissed.
“Why don’t we just charge the house?” asked one of his men in a hushed tone that was meant for Baelil’s ears alone. “The men are getting impatient with all of this taunting. Some of them are finding it far too amusing.  We need to regain control of the situation.”
Baelil turned to Denai and said in a vicious and warning tone, “Don’t think that because I shared your bed for a month that you mean more to me than a bit of physical release.  From you or another woman, it makes no matter to me.  You’re nothing more than that. So, listen to me and listen good. You’d better make yourself useful and do something or I swear I’ll tie you to the whipping post myself.”
The sounds of men choking and franticly gurgling as they struggled to hang onto life through slit throats echoed in Denai’s ears.  It was a horrifying sound.
“He’s here,” Denai said with a panicked tone.
“Who?” Baelil asked as his head spun from side to side while he tried to make sense of what was happening.
“The psychic.”
“Psychic?” Baelil said with disdain. “That’s not the work of a psychic.”
“You’re right, it isn’t,” Rex growled as he moved out of the shadows and into their torchlight.
 The three men remaining in Baelil’s group rushed toward him.  Rex took his arm and with one powerful swing knocked them to the ground.  After which, he took his foot and crushed their skulls, one by one.
“Mutant!” Denai hissed as she backed out of the direct torchlight.
“You neutered the wrong male,” Rex snarled as his eyes focused on Baelil. “Felix’s foot was injured during his birth. He’s no mutant, you bastard.”
“It’s our policy…” Baelil began.
“To cut off the balls of any male you even suspect to be a mutant and then walk away and let him bleed to death?” Rex asked with a sarcastic tone.
Baelil looked away. “He was hiding Kendra and my child.”
“He had no idea where Kendra was, and you know it.  Kendra told me about the sick monster that you are.  You did what you did for the sport of it,” Rex snarled.
Baelil turned to Denai and forcefully ordered, “Do something.”
Denai shrugged. “Like what?  My magic is being blocked.  Do you see the size of this man?  I can’t believe you managed to get the girl from him to begin with.”
“He snuck up while we were otherwise occupied, kicked me silly in the temple, and then made off with my woman,” Rex vehemently explained.
“We need her,” Baelil insisted as he ignored the implications of his cowardice in Rex’s explanation. “She could be the answer to the zombie virus.”
“She has no answers for you. You’re barking up the wrong tree,” Rex bellowed.
“There’s a machine that can pull memories from someone that go as far back as the womb…” Baelil managed to say before Rex stopped him by raising his hand.
“I know about this machine. It’s also famous for killing the people whose memories it harvests.  Isn’t that why you didn’t put her on it right away?  Isn’t that why you hid her and used her for your pleasure until she conceived and then were waiting until after the baby was born?”
When Denai started to slowly back away, as if making ready to run, Baelil grabbed her by the wrist. “Where do you think you’re going?  Use your magic and kill this son-of-a-bitch.”
“I told you that my magic is blocked.  Besides, I don’t kill,” Denai spat.
“You do now,” Baelil snarled as he yanked her to her knees. “Do as I say, woman.  Find a way to get your magic working and kill this bastard or I promise you’ll find yourself on the flogging post.”
“I’m pregnant with your child.  They will not flog me,” she said with defiance.
“If you manage to keep the child and not lose it on this grueling trip, you mean.”
When Rex saw her suck in air with surprise at Baelil’s threat, he raised a curious brow.  Could she really be taken aback by his behavior? He’d heard enough about this creep from Kendra to know that he wasn’t above doing something that evil to get what he wanted. 
He’d just decided that it was time to finish the guy off when Felix slipped into the light. “Can I join the party?” 
“You look none the worse for wear,” Baelil said in a mocking tone as he openly focused on Felix’s crotch.   
“No thanks to you,” Felix flippantly said. Then, as he moved closer to Rex, he asked, “Have you met my mutant friend? Would you like to castrate him too?  I brought a knife.”  Tossing the knife so that it landed at Baelil’s feet, he folded his arms over his chest and added, “I’ll just stand here and watch.”
Baelil didn’t pick up the knife.  Instead, his hand went to his bow, but he instantly realized that he was too close to Rex to use it effectively.  He had no choice.  If he wanted to battle Rex, it would have to be in hand to hand combat.  He quickly assessed that, on a physical level, he and Rex were of comparable build.  His concern was the fact that he’d encountered mutants in the past who didn’t look like mutants and they possessed a superior strength.  From what he’d just witnessed happening to his men, he guessed this to be the case with Rex.  He experienced a quick rush of relief over how fortunate he’d been when he’d taken Rex by surprise and disarmed him by kicking him in the temple.  Had he confronted the man head on, he would probably not be standing there right now.  He’d have to do something unexpected to get him off guard again if he wanted to survive this night.
He looked at Denai and snarled. “Why didn’t you see him and warn me about his powers?” 
Denai had a bewildered look as she vigorously shook her head.  “I didn’t feel him until we got here. I told you about him as soon as I did.”
“Why is that? Why didn’t you feel him before now? What kind of a seer are you, Denai? Or… are you really not one?”
“She’s a seer and you know it,” Kendra barked from somewhere in the night.
Rex and Felix sucked in air simultaneously at the realization that Kendra had left the safety of the house and ventured into enemy territory.  Felix had made note of the dead men nearby. They were fewer than the number of men who’d accompanied Baelil to the cave.  Did Baelil send some away? Or, were they lying in wait somewhere?
He lightly grabbed Rex’s elbow to get his attention and whispered softly, “This isn’t all of his men.  He had more with him at the cave.”
Keeping his eyes on Baelil, Rex nodded to indicate that he’d heard Felix.
“Come on out, wife,” Baelil bellowed. “Show yourself.”
“I’m fine where I am,” Kendra replied. “and I’m not your wife. I’m Rex’s wife.  I’m your victim.”
Rex felt his body coil for action. Her words about being Baelil’s victim brought to mind how the twisted creep had withheld her clothing and forced her to remain naked while he used her for his pleasure.  All the while, keeping her presence a secret from the community who’d sent him after her for the virus cure. The fact that he was now claiming to need her for the virus cure only added to his outrage.
Seeing movement in the dusky light that managed to filter through the thin foliage on the trees and blend with the soft hue from the torches, Felix called out to Kendra, “I don’t think this is all of them, Kendra.  You’d better come stand with Rex and me.”
A wicked grin formed on Baelil’s handsomely shaped mouth. “So, Ari has arrived. It took her long enough.”
Just then, Denai’s magic kicked in and Baelil became invisible.  Rex roared his anger as he watched Denai get shoved to the ground by an invisible force.  
He grabbed her by her wrists and bellowed, “What have you done?”
Denai’s eyes squinted with defiance. “You can kiss that baby good-bye.”
Kendra’s scream of anger, fear, and panic echoed off the trees as Ari’s men grabbed her just when she heard Denai’s words. “My baby! Stop him! He’s going to take my baby!”
Rex cursed himself for not plunging forward and taking Baelil out when he had the chance instead of allowing verbal banter to take place. He tossed Denai’s wrist away from him, causing her to fall to her knees.  
Feeling empowered by the return of her magic skills, she reached forward and cupped his manhood. “I would like to lay with such a man as you,” she said in a husky tone.
Disgusted, Rex firmly gripped her wrist and pulled it away from him. “If you value your life, you will never touch me again.”
She chuckled, seductively, as she slowly backed away from him while remaining on her hands and knees.   
Kendra’s wails were not only heart wrenching, but they were growing fainter. He needed to do something, but was confused at which direction to go. If he went to save Eugene, they’d get away with Kendra and he might not find her this time.  If he saved Kendra first and they made off with Eugene, she’d never forgive him.  The length of time that he deliberated was only a matter of seconds, but it felt like hours.
Deciding that Kendra was in far greater danger than Eugene, he ordered Felix to run back to the house and help Olga protect the baby while he ran toward Kendra’s fading cries.
36
An eerie silence greeted Felix as he rushed into the house. “Auntie, he’s invisible. Get Eugene! Hurry! He’s after Eugene!”
As he raced across the great room with his eyes focused on the nursery door, he tripped over something and tumbled to the floor.  Picking himself up with an urgency, he scowled as he looked in the direction of the object that had caused such havoc. The words of frustration and anger toward the object that were on the tip of his tongue were quickly replaced by gasps of shock and worry when he realized that it was Olga’s arm that he’d tripped over.
He lifted his torso from the floor and was just getting to his knees when he saw Eugene being carried out of the back door.  Baelil was still invisible, so it looked like the baby was floating, but he knew better.
Blood oozed out of Olga’s temple as she groaned out the words, “Go after him.”
“I’ll be back,” he assured her, hesitating only briefly before scrambling to his feet and racing out of the back door after Baelil.
Either the spell was short lived or Baelil no longer considered the situation a threat, because, before Felix’s very eyes, he became visible again.  The unevenness of the ground as he followed didn’t go unnoticed. Felix not only worried about getting Eugene back from his insane father, but he  was concerned about the possibility of the man tripping over debris or stumbling into a small hole with the baby in his arms as he watched him race with an abandoned speed into the tree line.  
Felix’s club foot made it difficult to keep up with Baelil.  Pain from the severity of the unfamiliar demands he was placing on it shot up his leg.  He was also not recovered enough from the castration to be running with such intensity, but he refused to succumb to his body’s pleas for reprieve.  He was determined to get his precious charge back and into the safety of his arms.  Beads of sweat formed on his forehead and neck and his breathing became labored, but he forged onward.
When he saw Baelil stop and join a small group of his men, rather than be concerned about the fact that he was outnumbered, he was grateful. His lungs hurt as he labored for breath and his heart felt like it was trying to escape the confines of his chest to the point that he worried that he might end up with a heart attack.  
He stopped and braced his hands on his knees while he struggled to regulate his breathing and heart rate.
“That’s pretty impressive for a cripple with freshly skewered balls,” one of Baelil’s men taunted.
“They weren’t skewered,” corrected one of the other men. “He was neutered.”
“Ouch!” said a man who Felix didn’t recognize.
Choosing to ignore their taunting words, Felix demanded between breaths, “Give me back the child.” The laughter that rang through the night from the small group caused him to wince, but he stood his ground.  “I’m not going to tell you again.”
“Or what?” Baelil asked as he handed Eugene to one of his men.
“Or your sister dies,” Rex bellowed as he bounded up next to Felix with Ari held close to his chest. Tiny flickers of light from the torches that many of the men held bounced off the blade that he pressed against her throat.
“Is that supposed to put the fear into me?” Baelil asked as he grabbed Eugene back from the man that he’d just handed the child to and stepped forward. “A life for a life, is it?”  His eyes narrowed as he looked directly at Ari. “What happened to Kendra?”
“She got away,” Ari said in a reserved manner that was meant to avoid any movement of her throat that might cause the blade to cut her.  She could tell by the way that Rex was holding both her and the knife that he meant business.  This was no bluff.
“You really are worthless,” Baelil spat as he moved away from the group so that he could be easily seen.  “Kendra,” he called out. “Give up and I’ll spare our son!”
“You wouldn’t really kill the little tyke, would you, boss?” one of his men worriedly asked from behind him.
“Shut up, you oaf.  I’ll do what is necessary for my people.  We need Kendra for the cure.”
“How many times must I tell you that she can’t help you?” Rex bellowed with frustration.
Ari gasped as Rex’s muscles tensed while he shouted at Baelil and a tiny trickle of blood oozed from her neck.
When Kendra didn’t reply or show herself, Baelil called out to her again. “Don’t think my threat is idle!”
“Don’t think mine is either,” Rex growled.
Baelil looked at the trickle of blood on Ari’s neck and shrugged. “We’re twins. Did you know that?”  When Rex said nothing, he added, “Kill her if you must. She’s been a bother more than a pleasure for most of my life.”
“Gods help us,” Felix said under his breath. “If he doesn’t remind me of Rupert, I don’t know who does. He’s handsome on the outside and pure ugly on the inside.”
“Baelil!” Ari screeched in disbelief. Her movement caused the freshly sharpened blade to slice her flesh even more.
“It’s probably for the best, dear sister,” he said in an off-handed way. “I’m tired of worrying about the authorities coming after me because of your lesbian ways.” 
“I’m not a lesbian,” Ari whimpered as she leaned back into Rex in a defeated way. “Not really.”
“Not really?” Baelil said, incredulously. “Where’s Denai?”
After a brief moment of silence, Denai stepped into the light.  Baelil handed Eugene, once again, to his man and pulled Denai to him.  Kissing her long and hard, he pulled up her shirt and fondled her ripe breasts. “Tell me this doesn’t turn you on, sister.  You know you want her.  Just look at her and tell me you don’t.”
“Stop it,” Ari begged with both shame and disgust for her brother’s actions.  
Denai gave Ari a wicked and seductive grin.  Unlike the petite blonde, Baelil’s warped actions excited her, and she actually encouraged him to go further. He pulled her so that her back was against his chest while one hand fondled and kneaded a breast and the other slid into her pants to pleasure her.  She leaned her head back against his shoulder and kissed his neck as she wantonly succumbed to his ministrations.
“She’s a ripe one,” said one of the men in the group as they watched with lusty longing. “I was on the list to have her, but rumor has it, she’s pregnant.”
“Bad luck, man,” another said. “She’s a tiger in the bedroom.”
“You’re disgusting,” Ari said as Denai’s cries of ecstasy permeated the night.
“Stop!”  shouted Olga as she stumbled toward them through the dusky light. She’d managed to bandage her head, but it was easy to see that the wound was still bleeding. “It’s me you want, not Kendra.  Stop all of this.”
“Auntie?” Felix said with confusion.
Baelil was so involved in his lustful actions that Olga’s confession didn’t register.  He was almost a slave to his superior sex drive and was having trouble remembering the reason why he was there as he fought the desire to drop to the ground and take his sexy black beauty completely.  His mouth found her erect nipple while she twisted and writhed for relief.
“I can’t believe this,” Rex said in a soft voice.
“I’m not like my brother,” Ari moaned as she forced her body to relax. “I would never hurt Kendra or the baby.  I’m the one who helped her escape.”
“Why are you here, then?” Rex asked in her ear.
“I wanted to free her from his ugliness, but mankind still needs the information she could give us to stop the virus. The council forced me to come find her. We need her help. She’s our only hope.”
“No, she’s not,” Olga said as she walked up to Rex. “Take that knife away from this girl’s throat, Rex.” Then, looking in Baelil’s direction, she added, “As you can see, it isn’t having the effect you hoped it would have.”
“We don’t want to hurt Kendra,” Ari assured them. “I didn’t know that he was holding her captive. He told me that she’d escaped. No one knew for months about her being there.  I didn’t find out until he announced that they’d been married.”
“She’s my wife,” Rex said, forcefully.
“She loves you,” Ari sighed.
“The knife, Rex,” Olga said with a firmness.
“What about Eugene?” he asked.
“Killing this girl won’t save that baby.”
Rex slowly lowered the knife, but he still kept a firm grip on Ari.
Olga watched Ari wipe at the trickling blood on her neck with her fingertips and sighed. “Kendra can’t help you.  She knows nothing.”
The sound of someone coming up behind them caught their attention. Thinking that it was Kendra joining them, Felix turned and smiled. The smile quickly faded when he saw at least two dozen zombies making their way through the trees toward them.  Possibly more. With the poor lighting, it was difficult to tell.
“Zombies,” he bellowed.
All of Baelil’s men froze, but still he continued to ravish Denai’s breasts with a mindless fervor while his hand continued to give her cause to cry out with pleasure and desire.  Seizing the opportunity, Felix rushed forward and snatched Eugene from the stunned man’s arms. The man hardly noticed as he focused on the approaching zombies.
Baelil’s men rarely saw a zombie and had little experience dealing with them, but Rex and Olga were experts.  They knew better than to stick around and fight that many zombies in poor lighting.
Dragging Ari behind him, Rex followed Olga to the house. Tossing Ari to the floor, he warned her to stay put while he grabbed his bow and arrows and rushed back outside. Rather than return to Baelil’s little group that he knew was at a loss over what to do against so many zombies, he stood on the porch and called out for Kendra.  When she didn’t reply, he gave a silent prayer that she was somewhere safe while he waited to see what direction the zombies were going to take.  Sure enough, they headed straight for Baelil and his group.

***

Ari sat with her back against the wall while she watched Felix cuddle and calm Eugene.  The love that he had for the baby was so overwhelmingly wonderful that it brought tears to her eyes.  She couldn’t believe that her brother was cold hearted enough to sacrifice the precious thing just to get Kendra. Yet, she had no doubt that he would have done it had he not allowed his sex drive to get the better of him.  For the first time in her life, she was thankful for his lack of self-control when it came to sex. 
Remembering his cruel words to her and how he’d given Rex permission to kill her made the tears of sentiment that had formed tiny pools beneath her eyelids to become heavy tears of hurt and rage that flooded her face. 
Felix watched her cry from the corner of his eyes, but made no move to comfort her. She was the sister to the monster who’d castrated him in the cruelest way possible and then threatened the life of his precious second cousin. She’d captured Kendra and would have taken her back to become a lab rat for her people if Kendra hadn’t escaped.  As far as he was concerned, she shouldn’t have been spared the knife that Rex held against her throat and, if it wasn’t for the fact that his concern for the infant in his arms was stronger than his desire to kill her, she’d be dead by his hands by now.

***

Olga stood next to Rex and watched as the zombies slowly made their way toward Baelil’s small group. “What are they doing just standing there?”
“He’s still mauling that woman,” Rex said with disgust.
“Amazing fool,” she spat.  “Should we help them?”
“You need to ask?” Rex said with raised brow.
“I heard you call for Kendra,” Olga said as she casually leaned her elbows onto the railing as if she was preparing to watch a sporting game instead of a zombie vs people battle. 
“She didn’t reply.”
“I’ll wager she’s out there watching,” Olga said with a steady voice.  After filling her lungs with air and releasing it slowly, she added, “It’s not like me to stand by and watch men get slaughtered.”
“You don’t know that they’ll be slaughtered.  They may win,” Rex said. “We win.  Don’t we?”
“I get the impression that they lead a less exposed life than we do,” Olga said. “I’ll wager half of those men have never seen a zombie.  Kendra and Felix hadn’t until we came here.”
“You have a point,” Rex said, “but I won’t help them.  They could be running right now. It’s not my fault that they aren’t.”
Olga nodded. “You have a point.”
The panicked sounds of men as they looked to Baelil for direction rang out. 

***

It wasn’t until the zombies were mere yards away before the reality of what was happening penetrated Baelil’s lusty brain. He shoved Denai from him as if she was rotten garbage and grabbed his bow and arrow.  Following his lead, the men did the same. They shot as many as they could before the zombies were upon them and, then, they used their knives to take them down.  When the battle was over, and all of the zombies were felled, four of the nine men lay with them.  Uncertain if his men would rise a zombie after being bitten and killed by one, Baelil drove his knife deep into each skull while his remaining men watched in horror.
“Was that necessary?” one of his men asked him as he stood close by.
“Only if you don’t want to see them rise a zombie,” Baelil spat as he wiped the blood from his knife and put it back into its holder.
“Where’s the baby?” he bellowed as he looked amongst the corpses for him.
“Felix grabbed him out of Peter’s hands when the zombies came,” one of his men admitted. “Peter’s dead so it’s a good thing that he did, or the baby would be dead right along with him.”
Baelil made a humph sound that led his men to believe that it didn’t matter to him what happened to his son before he demanded to know where Ari and Rex were.
“If you weren’t so involved with Denai, you’d know,” hissed one of his men. It was clear that Baelil’s actions weren’t winning him support from his men.
Baelil was about to charge the man who’d shown him such disrespect when an arrow flew through the air and embedded into his heart.  His eyes went wide with surprise and his lips spoke silent words as he crumbled to the ground.  His men frantically picked up their bows and made their arrows ready to shoot while they looked for the culprit who’d shot their leader.
“If you want to live, you’ll leave now,” Kendra barked.
“What about Ari?” the man who’d criticized Baelil called out.
“She stays!” 
“Then, so do we,” he yelled back.
Another arrow flew through the night and embedded into one of the men’s thighs. 
“I’m giving you one last chance before I get serious!” Kendra called out with a tone that emphasized her conviction.
The men mumbled amongst themselves for a few minutes. It was clear that not all of them were willing to risk their lives to save Ari.  When another arrow shot through the night and embedded in a man’s arm, they called out for mercy and said that they were leaving.
Kendra informed them, in no uncertain terms, that they’d be leaving the horses belonging to the dead men behind and that she’d be monitoring their progress to make sure that they were truly going.  One of the men called her a witch while the other called her a ghost. Denai said nothing as she eyed the darkness with hate in her eyes.
37
Kendra moved amongst the fallen zombies and men, salvaging what arrows that she could from their corpses.  When she came upon Baelil’s lifeless body, she was amazed at how accurate her aim had been in such poor lighting.  It just showed what a driving force hate could be. Determining that the arrow was too damaged by the bone that it had shattered on its way to his heart to be of any further use, she moved away from him without a backward glance.
The movement of a zombie that was felled but not killed caught her eye.  She walked over to it, pulled out her knife, and drove it deep into the creature’s skull.  Memories of  looking into the human-like eyes of the zombies that had surrounded the tree that she’d used for safety floated through her mind as she wiped her knife clean and returned it to its holder.
Making her way back to the house, she could see Rex and Olga casually leaning against the railing on the porch.  Had they witnessed the zombie attack and done nothing? She guessed so.  She’d also stood back and watched, so she could say nothing about the fact that they’d done it. After all, those men were a threat to both her and her son.  
Seeing her coming across the courtyard, Rex rushed off the porch and raced to her. Picking her up in his arms, he kissed her madly while he twirled them to the point that she declared herself dizzy.  It took a bit of convincing, but he finally put her down and allowed her to walk to the house.
Olga waited on the porch with open arms. 
“He’s dead,” Kendra said as she hugged her aunt.  “We don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
“Those zombies were good for something, then,” Olga said as she held her niece at arm’s length so that she could study her to make sure that she was fine.
“The zombies didn’t kill him,” Kendra explained. “I did.  It was after they’d battled the zombies.  He was going to try to get Eugene and me again.  I had no choice.  If I didn’t kill him, he’d never stop.”
“You don’t need to explain to us,” Rex said as he pulled her close. “I only regret that I wasn’t the one to do it.”
“We still have that little girl to contend with,” Olga said as she looked toward the door to the house.
“She helped me escape,” Kendra mused. “I was surprised that she came after me.”
“She claims that the elders or the council or whoever they are where she lives forced her to come after you,” Olga said.
“That doesn’t surprise me,” Kendra thoughtfully said.  “The sad thing is that I spent months in that village. They weren’t overly warm to me, but they weren’t cruel either.  I think that, under the right circumstances, it would be a nice place to live.  If I could help them, I would.”  She looked at Olga, “They have a machine that extracts memories that they want to put me on. It could kill me, and they still might come up empty handed.  I can’t risk it.”
“You won’t have to,” Olga assured her.  “Now, might I suggest that the newlyweds go to bed and enjoy your first night of marital bliss before something else happens that we need to deal with?”
Kendra giggled as Rex gave a wicked grin and picked her up to carry her over the threshold. Neither husband or wife looked in Ari’s direction as they passed by her.  They stopped briefly for Felix to hold the baby high enough for each of them to plant a kiss on his chubby cherub cheek before Rex continued on to the bedroom.  Since he preferred Kendra’s room and it was opposite the nursery, he took her in there instead of to his own room.
“We’ll have to decide what room we’ll use as husband and wife,” he said as he lowered her to the ground.
“That’s the last thing on my mind right now,” she said with a sly grin.
“What’s the first thing on your mind, wife?” he asked with a seductive tone.
“Need you ask?” she giggled as she began to disrobe.
 Rex cocked his head and gave a crooked smile. “Aren’t women supposed to be timid and shy on their wedding night?”
“Hmm,” Kendra said as she tossed her tee shirt at him and it landed on his shoulder. “I read that in a few of my romance novels.” She wrinkled her nose. “It seems rather boring.”
“I agree,” he said as he dove at her.
The laughter that filled the room as they fell onto the bed quickly changed to erotic moans while they eagerly explored each other’s bodies.  After months of being apart and having to share her body with another man, for Kendra, it was strange; like starting anew.  It wasn’t until his powerful -and sizable- manhood took her fully that she felt like things were as they should be.  
She matched his thrusts with a hunger that surprised him, but he said nothing as his pleasure mounted.  There was a difference in the way that she made love. It was far more skillful than he remembered.  He forced himself to move past thinking about the reason for this difference and to enjoy what she was doing to him to the fullest. 
When he could feel himself getting ready to release, he pulled out so that his seed coated her abdomen instead of filling her.  She moaned her displeasure and made him promise never to do that again.  They hadn’t spoken about children until then, but she assured him that she wanted all that he could give her until she could produce no more. Although surprised by her admission, he was also pleased.  It not only meant that she loved him, but it was a declaration of her willingness to accept the fact that he was a mutant. 
Later, when they were spent and resting, and he’d left his seed in her numerous times, she quietly asked him if he’d noticed if any of his traits were passed on to the children that he’d lost to the alien regime. He thought about it and then shook his head. 
“Are you worried about that?” he asked.
“I’m hoping for it,” she replied. “It would be wonderful to have little Rexes walking about.”
“Little Rexes?” he chuckled.
“Rexes and Rexettes,” she giggled.
“Please tell me you aren’t actually considering them as names,” he moaned.
She leaned on her elbow and took his face in her hand. “I’m serious about wanting our children to inherit your abilities.  I truly hope that you pass them on.”
“Even though they’d be mutants?” he asked with emotion.
“They’d be improved humans and lucky for it. If I could have you pass your strength and telekinetic skills to me, I’d feel blessed by the gods.”
“What about my psychic ability?” he asked.
“That’s right. You’re psychic too,” she mused. “I’d forgotten about that.”
“You really don’t dwell on my being a mutant, do you?” he asked with quiet wonder.
“Stop calling yourself that. It sounds creepy and you’re not creepy,” she ordered in a hushed tone. “You’re wonderful and I love you.”
He kissed her long and slow before his lips moved down her neck to her milk engorged breasts.  His lips wrapped around her nipple and she moaned her pleasure as he suckled. It felt very different from when Eugene fed and, surprisingly, she released very little milk to Rex during the process.  She’d read in one of the many books in the library about how a woman’s nursing body responded differently to suckling when it was sexually aroused.  She now knew, firsthand what the book was describing.
She arched her back as she held his head in place. His hands moved to her womanhood and began to tease and titillate.  When they’d first started to make love, he’d worried about her not being healed enough from giving birth to have sex, but she quickly proved him wrong with her demands and actions.  So, after already taking her several times, he didn’t worry about hurting her and focused on pleasuring her instead.
The small amount of sweet nectar that her breasts released to him was like an aphrodisiac that drove him onward.  His strong fingers worked her sensitive nub while they explored the interior of her womanhood until they found her g-spot.  Feeling the signs of orgasmic pleasure that poured from her, he quickly slid his manhood inside and drove it deep and hard.  Her groans and cries for more only served to take him to even greater heights of passion.  He just couldn’t get enough of her.
When they were finally spent to the point that neither could move a muscle, they fell into a deep, satiated sleep.
The following morning, after making love a few more times in the bed and then in the shower, Kendra went looking for Eugene to feed him.
As she took him from Felix’s arms, she looked around for Olga. “Where’s auntie?”
Felix waited for Kendra to seat herself and make sure that Eugene had latched onto her nipple and was feeding properly before he asked, “Is Rex coming out of the room soon?”
“I’m right here,” Rex said as he sat next to Kendra on the sofa and stretched his arm along the back behind his wife.  He stroked the baby’s cheeks with his forefinger while it suckled.  He wanted to good naturedly tease the baby about the fact that he’d been there first, but thought it an inappropriate joke with Felix in the room, so he simply smiled to himself instead.
Looking around, Kendra realized that Ari was nowhere in sight. “Where’s Ari? Did you put her in one of the rooms?”
“They’re gone,” Felix muttered.
“Say what?” Rex said with obvious confusion.
“Olga left with Ari at sunrise,” Felix admitted.  “Auntie made me promise not to wake you and to wait for you to come out of the room on your own before I told you.” 
Kendra’s stomach twisted into a knot. She knew the answer to her question before she asked it, but she asked it anyway. “Where did they go?”
“She went back with Ari to help them make a cure for the virus,” Felix said. “Did you know that she knew how to make it?”
Kendra shook her head in surprise.
“She told me that she didn’t fully know how to make it, but she had notes and could probably figure it out if she had a proper lab,” Rex offered. “She never told the alien race because she was afraid of becoming their slave.  Something Ari said must have made her believe that won’t happen with her people.”
“I didn’t know,” Kendra said with wonder.  Then, looking at Rex, she asked, “Why would she tell you and not us?”
He shrugged. “It came up one day after she inoculated me against the virus.”
“You’re inoculated?” Kendra said with surprise.
“As are you,” Rex said. “You probably were young and don’t remember.”
“So, I don’t need to worry about being bitten?” Felix said with amazed joy.
“You still need to worry about being eaten or killed,” Rex reminded him.
“Right,” Felix said with a shudder.
“Olga’s gone,” Kendra said in a soft, sad tone. Looking at her cousin, she asked, “Did she say when she’d be back?”
Felix looked away in an effort to hide his emotions.  “She said it will take as long as it takes.”
“Why didn’t she take us with her?” Kendra moaned. “We would have gone with her.”
“She didn’t think that you’d want to go back there after all that you’ve been through,” Felix offered.  “Plus, she wasn’t sure how she’d be received or how safe it was for you and Rex; especially after Baelil was killed.  She said to wait here and, if it’s safe, she’ll send for us.”
Rex wiped a stray tear from Kendra’s cheek before lightly kissing it. “So, we wait here.”
“And do what?” Felix asked.
Rex looked from Felix, to Kendra and then to Eugene. “We live.”   

A Sneak Peek at “THE REGIME,” book 2 of Kendra’s Journey.

1

The intense heat of the day was far less tolerable than it was over her prior days of travel. Perhaps it was because her slight body was working harder now that she was forced to walk instead of riding her mare.  The muscles in Ari’s legs were screaming for relief and her body was sweating to the point that she offended herself.  She’d lost her sunscreen, wide-brimmed straw hat, and sunglasses at the same time that she’d lost her mare.  Her short, flaxen hair was matted to her head from the sweat that seemed to ooze from every pore of her body.  Her clothes were so soaked with it that she was certain that if she wrung them out there’d be a goodly amount of liquid released.  She needed to find shade and rest, but, when the realization of the futility of her situation sank in, she’d run in a panic without paying attention to where she was going and she was no longer on the intended route. Nothing looked familiar.  After her recent overwhelming encounter with a small band of intelligent zombies that managed to take her unaware, she worried over stopping just anywhere.  She was exhausted and didn’t trust herself to be alert enough should another group of zombies come along.  Even so, she knew her body’s limitations. It was a dilemma. She hesitated stopping in the event of another zombie encounter and yet she feared not stopping because if she exhausted her body any longer without letting it rejuvenate she’d be worthless should another crisis such as another zombie encounter occur.
The petite young woman checked her surroundings for something that might look familiar.  Even though she was no longer on her intended route, she’d been through this territory hundreds of times while searching for Kendra or others that the council at Center Land had assigned her to hunt and bring back to them.  She just needed to find a familiar landmark to tell her where she was and she’d be able to get her bearings back in order.  
She cursed herself for not being more observant.  Her mare had been so dependable and knowing of the areas that they patrolled that she’d paid minimal attention to things like landmarks to help find her way to and from a location.  Now, her mare was gone and she was on her own.
Sinking onto the hard packed soil, she settled beneath a tree that was giving its all to stay alive in such a baron area. Its sparse foliage offered the best amount of shade. She couldn’t help wondering how much thicker the foliage on the rugged little tree would be had it been located in more lush surroundings as she rested her back that was thick with sweat against the trunk’s rough bark.  
The sickening memories of her mare being torn to pieces by the band of zombies tormented her even more than the pounding headache that she’d developed from excessive sun exposure.  Memories of the equine’s blood curdling screeching as it was eaten alive competed with the thunderous pounding of a hundred sledge hammers inside her head. Tears of sorrow and regret for not being more observant and aware of the zombie’s approach until it was too late mixed with grungy, sticky sweat as they rolled over her cheeks and onto her neck; leaving a telltale path through the dust that had settled on her normally pale flesh that was reddened from the sun. 
Hugging her knees, she buried her face into them and closed her eyes.  If she could just shut out the sight and sound of her poor mare’s demise long enough to rest and relieve her head of the incessant pounding, perhaps she’d be better able to focus on where she was and get herself headed into the right direction again.  She was familiar with the area.  She knew this.  She just couldn’t think.  She needed to be able to think.
The humming of a drone sent by the alien regime to patrol the land passing overhead caught her attention and she scrambled to make herself as invisible as possible in such a desolate landscape.

****

Felix placed his hands against the small of his back as he stood up and stretched out the kinks in it.  He’d been weeding the garden for so long that he’d practically lost track of time.  Surely Eugene would be waking from his nap soon.  Since both Kendra and Rex were off hunting, it was up to him to care for his infant nephew.  He smiled at the thought.  This was a task that he took great pleasure in and would have probably competed for the right to do even if his parents were home.  Giving his work an approving nod, he clapped his hands together to get as much of the soil from them as possible and then headed back to the main house.
At the sound of a drone flying overhead, he quickly slid beneath the porch of the nearest building.  This was the first drone that he’d seen in a very long time and the very first that had flown over the compound since their arrival  over a year ago.  Life had become so calm and complete that he’d almost forgotten that the world was now run by an alien regime and that life outside of his little nucleus was anything but pleasant.  The drone was a sharp reminder.
He peered out from his hiding place as he watched the mechanical spy fly so low that it almost landed in the center green.  It looked much larger close up than he’d thought them to be  when seen from afar.  His breathing grew ragged and his heart thrashed against his ribcage as he watched the top of the drone lift open and a mechanical arm with a camera attached slowly rise out of it.  Lights of various colors flashed and a series of loud beeps filled the air as the camera gradually moved in a three-hundred-sixty-degree circle while snapping photos with rapid repetition.  It stopped and focused on the building that he cowered beneath. Holding his breath, he flattened himself as close to the ground as possible and forced his body to be still while he listened to the rapid clicks of the camera as it did its job. 
After what felt like an eternity, the camera moved on and then returned to the bowels of the drone. His breath sounded loud and raspy as he let it out when the drone finally lifted up into the sky.
He waited until the alien’s spy was out of sight before slowly crawling out from beneath the porch.  He took a moment to regain his composure before asking his legs to hold him steady and then take him into the main house.  His hands trembled as he turned the doorknob and entered.  He hoped that Kendra and Rex would return soon so that he could confer with them about what just happened.  He was worried, and rightfully so.  From all that he’d heard about the alien regime’s drones, having one do what that one just did was not a good sign.
He quietly made his way down the hall.  Stopping at the door to Eugene’s room, he slowly turned the doorknob and cautiously peeked in to see if the child was awake.  A silent sigh of satisfaction was accompanied by a gentle smile when he saw that the tiny bundle was still sleeping soundly.  He had a few more things that he wanted to tend to before he devoted all of his  attention to his little second cousin.  One of which was putting something into his empty stomach.
After closing the door just as carefully as he’d opened it, he made his way back to the kitchen and pulled the remains of the salad that they’d had at dinner the night before from the refrigerator.  A few of the solar panels that they relied upon were in need of repair, so, to cut down on electric consumption, Rex had raised the temperature in the refrigerator as high as he could without having the food that they stored in it spoil. The lettuce and accompanying vegetables were barely cooler than room temperature, but everything was still fresh enough to enjoy.
Sitting at the counter, he greedily consumed the salad. The bowl was almost empty before his stomach felt satisfied enough for him to slow down and savor each bite. With his need for sustenance satiated, his mind returned to the drone that had all but landed on the center green.  He looked out of the window at the spot where the alien regime’s spy equipment had been hovering while he tried to think why the drone would be snapping pictures like it was.  It wasn’t in a location that would allow it to see the garden.  So, what could it have been looking for?
Movement in the distance caught his eye.  He went closer to the window for a better look.  A lone, bedraggled looking female was attempting to climb over the fence.  Was she an advanced zombie?  The advanced zombies had the intelligence  of humans who harbored some semblance of resistance to the virus. They  were the only ones  capable of figuring out how to deal with a fence, but they usually traveled in packs and were few in number. He’d heard about them, but never seen them.  Not the really advanced ones, at least.  Most of the zombies that he was aware of were fully overtaken by the virus with limited brain activity and no hint of humanity left in them.  He grabbed his bow in preparation to defend himself and his nephew from an invasion while he searched the grounds that surrounded the woman for more like her.  He could see no one.
Stepping out onto the porch, he raised the bow with the intention of putting an arrow through the zombie’s head, but something stopped him.  He couldn’t say exactly what it was, but he detected a familiarity about the woman.  Taking a deep breath, he steeled his nerves and made his way off the porch; all the while keeping an eye out for more zombies.
As he drew closer to the female, he began to recognize her short and matted, white-blonde hair and petite frame.  It was Ari.  
“Ari! What happened to you?”  he bellowed as he rushed to her aide. He put his arm around her waist to help her over the fence while he continued to search for a sign of a companion; only, this time the companion that he was searching for was his aunt, Olga.  “Where’s Olga? Is she with you?” 
Ari was exhausted, but she did her best to get her vocal cords to work so that she could respond to his questions.
“I am alone,” she managed to choke out from a throat and mouth that felt like she’d eaten spoonfuls of dirt without the aid of a liquid to wash it down and lips that were cracked and bleeding. “I need water.”
“Of course,” Felix said as he lifted her into his arms and carried her into the house.  Even with the handicap of his club foot, he managed to take the porch steps two at a time without a moment’s thought as to the fact that he was doing it. “Why are you walking?  Where is your horse?”
She waited for him to position her on the sofa and bring her a large glass of water before trying to speak again.  
“I was sent to fetch you all to Center Land.  Olga has been given the position of senior scientist in our lab. She’s happy, but she wants her family with her,”  Ari informed him.
He looked at her long and hard.  Could he believe her?  Was that really the case? Or, were they holding Olga prisoner and using this lie to get the rest of them in their trap?  Kendra had only recently escaped from there.  Convincing her to return wouldn’t be easy.
He decided to take a little more time to analyze the situation before coming to any type of conclusion that could turn  out to be life altering.
Taking a deep breath, he asked, “If you were sent by Center  Land to fetch us, why were you walking?”  Looking at her bedraggled appearance, he added “And why are you in such a state?”
2

Felix was deep in thought while he slowly paced the porch.  He stopped for a moment to admire the brilliant orangish-red sun as it casually set behind the tree line. Being outside to greet the sun when it rose in the morning and to say good-night when it set in the evening was a habit that he developed as a young boy.  It gave him some semblance of peace to witness such a miraculous occurrence. 
To his disappointment, the contentment that he normally felt during this time eluded him.  His mind was filled with confusion and frustration.  He’d intently listened to Ari’s tale of woes about all that occurred while journeying from Center Land to his home and was sorry for what she’d endured during it.  A trip that should have taken her no more than two days on foot – less on horseback  - had lasted the better part of a week.  She’d been so preoccupied with fleeing for her life -as well as traumatized by the sight and sound of her mare being devoured- that she’d gone off her intended route and was lost in a barren area for a significant period of time.  Since her supplies were strapped to the back of her mare, she only had the half-empty water canteen that hung, crossbody, on her torso.  Food was something that she’d have to rummage for and, in the desolate area that she’d ended up in, it wasn’t to be found.  She rationed her water while she searched for more and feared dehydration before she’d accomplished it.  For someone whose body wasn’t used to the survival rigors of traveling the countryside afoot, she’d fared poorly; as was expected.
He’d given her food and water and then left her sleeping on the sofa. She looked weak and frail, yet he knew better.  She was a strong and resourceful beauty who shouldered a responsibility that most men would find daunting.  He assumed that the fact that her appearance was deceiving was one of the reasons that the leaders of Center Land favored using her for missions.  He was sure that, like him, when people first met her they were deceived into thinking her weak and unthreatening.  He didn’t know exactly how threatening she could be since the evilness of her late brother, Baelil, had overshadowed all else, but he knew for certain that she was anything but frail. 
Regardless of the role that she’d played in delivering misery and mayhem to the life of his family, he couldn’t help finding her attractive. At one time, he’d contemplated mating with her.  Of course, now that he was a eunuch, that could never happen.
The sun was almost completely set when he turned to find her quietly observing him from the doorway of the house.  
“How long have you been there?” he asked with irritation.  He was never one to appreciate being spied upon and that’s what it felt like she was doing.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,”  she offered in a gentle tone. “You looked so deep in thought that I didn’t want to disturb you.  So, I just stood here waiting for you to notice me.”
“You’ve been  noticed,” he growled. Then, when she simply stood in calm silence, he added, “I expected you to sleep longer.”
Ari shrugged. “Not my bed, not my home… I’m sure you understand.”
“That’s a comfortable sofa, but it isn’t a bed,” he said with a smile as he forced himself to relax and be amiable. “I’ll show you to a room where you can clean up.  Do you have a change of clothes in your backpack?”
Ari’s brilliant white teeth sparkled in the sunlight as she grinned.  “As a matter of fact, I do. I saw no reason to change while on the road.”
Felix’s eyes locked on her mesmerizing smile as he nodded. “Understandable.”
Ari nervously fidgeted. “Will Kendra and Rex return soon? I’ve been gone so long already.  I imagine that Olga is starting to get nervous.”
“They’re on horseback, so they go further than when on foot.”
“Horseback?” Ari repeated with furrowed brows.
“There were several freed up after your raid, if you recall,” he firmly stated.
“I’d forgotten about the horses,” she sighed.
“Don’t expect them back,” Felix quickly said.  “They’re the spoils of war.”
Ari tipped her head and looked at him for a long moment. “You don’t like me.”
Taken aback by her bluntness, he sucked in air. “It’s not that I don’t like you.  I just don’t like what you did.”
Ari looked away. “I was following orders.”
“Well, your orders suck,” he grumbled.
“I won’t argue with that,” she said with a soft sigh. “Much of what they ask me to do is distasteful.”
“If you don’t approve of what they ask of you, why do you do it?”  he asked.
She shrugged and looked off into the distance. “If you want to live in Center Land, you have to earn the right.  I find the roles for females far more distasteful than what they ask me to do as a soldier.  It’s the lesser of the evils.”
“What roles for females are distasteful?”  he asked with curiosity.  “Are you saying that you’re not domestic?”
Ari giggled. “I haven’t a domestic gene in my body, but it’s not that.”  After filling her lungs with air and then slowly letting it out, she said, “If I wasn’t working as a soldier for the council, I’d be expected to enter into the breeding program.”  She visibly shuddered.  “I have no desire to become a baby factory.”
Felix suspiciously eyed her. “Enforced breeding is something the aliens do for food supply.  Why would they be doing it in your land?” 
“It’s not enforced,”  Ari said. “It’s elective, but expected.  Our reasoning is different, of course.  We aren’t cannibals.  Our goal is to drive the aliens off the planet and we can’t do that until our numbers are up.  There are far too few of us right now.”
“Do the aliens know about your little community?”  he asked with sudden interest.
She shook her head. “If they did, we’d be wiped out by now.  We use a machine that creates a holographic covering over the village.  So far, it’s proved effective.”
“So far,” he mused, more to himself than to her, “but with a breeding program in play, the community must be growing quite large.  How long will the holograph be able to cover it?”
“We send the children to our sister community in the center of the earth where they are raised and given proper training in preparation for when we go up against the aliens.  They have plenty of room to grow and no need for disguise like we have,” Ari offered.
Felix scowled. “So the mother gives birth and then  relinquishes the child?  Egad, that’s awful.  They really are just baby factories.”
“Olga is close to remembering the formula for the cure to zombiesm,” she eagerly offered.  “It’s been a lot of years, but it’s slowly coming back to her.  We expect to be manufacturing it very soon.”
Felix scowled. “Will curing the zombies take care of the alien problem? No, it won’t.  You’ll still need numbers to go up against them.”
“We won’t need to send the children away, though.  They’ll be able to stay with their parents and be raised normally,” she said with a pensive tone.
“I don’t see how,” he said with a shake of his head. “The zombies aren’t the reason you’re hiding your community, the aliens are. You’ll still have to be careful to keep the village small.”
Ari shook her head. “The elders say that when the zombies are taken care of, we’ll have no more reason to hide and I believe them.
Felix pursed his lips. “I don’t understand why Olga didn’t come forward  with who she was and what she could do before this,” Felix grumbled. “It would have been nice to know.”
Ari looked surprised. “She never told you?”
He shook his head. “We had no idea who she was until Kendra stumbled into you while hunting and she felt it necessary to tell us.”
“She was hoping that the virus would attack the aliens and wipe them out.  Also, she was worried about the aliens getting their hands on her.  She’d be their science slave if they did,”  Ari said.  “I can’t blame her for not wanting to tell anyone.”
“Yet, she told you,”  he said with a hint of bitterness.
“We want the same thing, Felix,” Ari impatiently stated. “Can’t you see that?”
Felix looked at Ari long and hard before turning away. “It’s difficult for me to separate what was done to me from the lot of you and just blame Baelil.  It is your village’s practice, after all.”
“It is,” she admitted, “but only to prevent severe mutations from being passed on. It shouldn’t have happened to you.”
“But, it did,” he snarled.
“I’m so sorry,” she said in a breathy whisper.
Felix warily eyed her.  Was she truly sorry for the horrific deed that her brother had done to him or was she simply giving him lip service in order to gain favor?  He just didn’t know.
“Did Olga send you to fetch all of us or just Kendra?”  he asked.
“All of you,” she said with a smile that she hoped would help to melt the cold barrier he’d put up.
To her disappointment, instead of  softening toward her, his body visibly stiffened. “I need to know what will happen to Eugene if we go there.”
“Eugene?” Ari repeated with curiosity.
“Your nephew,” he replied with a tone of disgust.
 Ari looked away. Things just hadn’t gone well since she’d left the village.  She was more than sorry to have accepted the assignment. “The children are sent to…”
“Oh, hell no!” he bellowed before she could finish her sentence.
Other Books by Eileen Sheehan and her other pen names
[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS BY EILEEN SHEEHAN]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING (Also in audio)
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE (also in audio)
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE
GHOST LOVE
SISTERS
OF WOLVES AND MEN
ELIZA: THE AWAKENING (Novella)

Dark Escape Duo
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)
Tugurlan Chronicles
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK TWO

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
a  WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

The Adventures of Vickie Anderson
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Zombie hunter by  night (Book 1)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Werewolf hunter by night (Book 2)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Ghost hunter by night (Book 3)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Vampire medic by night (Book 4)

Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)
THE REGIME (Book 2)
CENTER LAND (Book 3)
ZOMBIES AND ALIENS (Book 4)

The Esmerelda Sleuth Series
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MIRROR (Book 1)
THE MAGIC BOX (Book 2)
BEYOND THE PORTAL (Book 3)
THE JOURNAL (Book 4)

Jasper Trilogy
JASPER: THE BEGINNING (Book 1)
JASPER: LOVE AND MONSTERS (Book 2)
[Books by Eileen Sheehan cont.]
JASPER: THE RECKONING (Book 3)
****
BOOKS BY AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]
LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****
BOOKS BY E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused
****
BOOKS BY LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF
Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI

About the Author
 Hi. This is Eileen Sheehan.  I hope you enjoyed  “WHERE  ZOMBIES WALK,” book one of “Kendra’s Journey.”  
I primarily write hot, steamy romances with a sexy male and strong female. The majority of my novels are paranormal, but some novels are simply about people in love with no paranormal involved.   They ‘re both contemporary & historical.  To avoid confusion at a glance and prevent you having to dig through my novels to separate the paranormal romance from the “people”  romance, I write my paranormal with my name of Eileen Sheehan and the other with the author name of Ailene Frances. 
ALL of my stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes rough, sometimes sweet loving. 
I have listened to my readers and appreciate that time is valuable to you.  So, I strive to write a novel length that will allow you to be able to sit down in an evening (or two at most) and be taken on a romantic -and often exciting- journey. 
I’m an incurable romantic who has a love affair with at least one of my characters... one book at a time. I hope that you have the same wonderful experience.

A little more about me:
I started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, I tried my hand at writing screenplays. My screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. 
It took a few years before I finally found my writing niche.  Now, I let my imagination flow free with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy and some are tame) with the author name of Eileen Sheehan.  I create steamy historical and contemporary romances with the author name of Ailene Frances. 
I crafted an alternative romance with the author name of E. F. Sheehan and I have a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan. 
I was traditionally published for almost a decade before I decided to step out on my own and become an indie author.  It was the best decision I could have made.  I feel that I have a closer relationship with my readers and can respond to your desires at my discretion and in a timely manner.
By reading “WHERE ZOMBIES WALK,” you have supported me as an indie author and I thank you.  If you could feel inclined to write a review, or even simply tell a fellow reader that you enjoyed my book, I'd be eternally grateful. Reviews are one of the primary things that amazon looks at when referring a book to others who are searching for something in that genre, which makes them almost as important as sales. 

Note:  If you want to keep abreast of what’s happening in my world of writing, please feel free to join my Facebook group. Facebook.com/groups/162542557665509/
