




































BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON







Order this book online at www.trafford.com

or email orders@trafford.com

Most Trafford titles are also available at major online book retailers.

© Copyright 2012 Robby Richardson.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written prior permission of the author.

ISBN: 978-1-4669-7187-5 (sc)

ISBN: 978-1-4669-7186-8 (e)


Trafford rev. 12/12/2012

 www.trafford.com

North America & international

toll-free: 1 888 232 4444 (USA & Canada)

phone: 250 383 6864 ♦ fax: 812 355 4082





Contents


Dedication

2012 The Proclamation (Intro)

[News Excerpt]

Walled In

Dedication

Cave Aliens (Lost Story)

Laughing In The Dark -A Trip Into Hyena Land-

Symphony #2 The Curse Of Romeo And Juliet

Nightmares Of The White Rabbit (The Complete First Mini-Series) - Exclusive First Tale-

Curse Of The Nile

Follow The Rabbit (Outro)





Dedication



I would like to dedicate this book to everyone that has ever treated me like dirt. To everyone that told me that I can’t or couldn’t do this. To everyone who believed that they had an upper hand over me. This book is for you. I want too also dedicate this book to the love of my life Aimee.

“So Kings May Rise Stars Must Fall”

-Robby Richardson-





2012

THE PROCLAMATION

(INTRO)


BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON






[News Excerpt]



[Gabriella]: “Hello, this is Gabriella McNeil and I am here at the scene of a most mysterious event. With the recent disasters that have been plaguing our world people have come to the belief that the phenomenon of 2012 has come. With recent earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, America’s economic collapse, animals dying off in massive numbers, it seems people have come to the base of the temple in this ancient Mayan city of Calakmul. They have come near and far to hear from a person that has been predicting the coming destruction of twenty twelve. Although he states and I quote, “twenty twelve is merely the beginning . . . the end has been foreseen in twenty sixteen”. People are searching for answers and hope to catch some comforting words from this mysterious man. Dressed as the traditional Mayan Priests of the past, it seems that the sky itself seems to be darkening overhead.”

[News Anchor]: “Gabriella, how many people would you say are there?”

[Gabriella]: “Well it started out with a few, but it seems that they are coming out of the very jungle itself. Native Mayans, ordinary citizens, and a mysterious group dressed in black surround the largest temple. They all seem to be making a pilgrimage to this holy site to hear the words from this mystery man.”

[New Anchor]: “And who exactly is this man?”

[Gabriella]: “That is an interesting question that you pose, because nobody knows exactly who he is. He has been called the bringer of things to come. And oh here he comes now let’s watch!”

A small crowd gathered below the slowly decaying gray temple. A man dressed in a large colored head dress wearing traditional Mayan robes with additional bracelets made from jade raised his hands towards the sky. The
scattered amounts of people below him silenced. The stairs lay before him, but he stood like a mortal among the heavens. “The end has come,” the crowd lay silent as they seemed to have received the news that they were dreading. “A virus spreads over the land embracing all those who fall under its spell”. The man’s chiseled face was tanned a dark brown as his voice boomed loudly, “that virus is that of Muerte and only those who join the Cult de Muerte shall be saved from the coming destruction that 2012 foreshadows”. A man bronzed like the speaker cowered slightly as he brought forth a book covered in green jade. The prophet took the book and opened it as his servant bowed away in respect. “As our brothers and sisters continue to pilgrimage here let us read from the Book of 2012.”





WALLED IN


BY

THE SERIAL KILLARZ

(ROBBY RICHARDSON & BILLY KHYDD)






Dedication



This story is dedicated to the memory of our favorite author

Edgar Allan Poe, whose story Cask of Amontillado

was the premise for this story.
















Leaning against his locker Dave must have been waiting for several

minutes. He couldn’t wait much longer, after all bathroom breaks don’t usually take fifteen minutes. He tapped on his watch as the second hand seemed to be flying in a circle. He raised his head, “come on,” he said softly as he rocked in his spot. This was the only time that he had any sort of free moment to communicate with a girl that he had grown to love. Christina was part of the popular crowd and was always surrounded by a gaggle of girls. Always laughing, always giggling into their hands. Finally the woman’s door opened and Christina came out throwing her paper towel on the floor. Her black hair ran across her long majestic neck as she seemed to walk in slow motion. It tossed from side to side as her caramel like skin seemed to cast a permanent sun tan look. She had brown eyes that were the exact color of almonds and her smile was like the face of the cutest puppy. Her eyes locked onto his as she moved towards him. He felt his face beginning to sweat. “Well here goes nothing.”

He took a big gulp and approached her, “Hey Christina!” She stopped giving a little flirty smile, “hey Bobby, aren’t you supposed to be in class”? “Yeah we’re in the same class actually,” her smile fell, “I know that, what are you exactly doing out here”? Wiping his neck he gave a quick, “well you’re the reason I’m out here”. “Me,” she exclaimed not looking surprised, “yeah I wanted to know if you would like to go out with me sometime . . .

maybe sometime this weekend?” His heart seemed to take a dramatic plunge the moment her smirk began to appear. He knew what she wanted to say, he could see it in her brown eyes and then her mouth spoke the words. “Are . . . are you kidding me”? His knees buckled as he seemed to stumble
backwards, “I just thought . . . I mean if you weren’t . . .” “If you weren’t, I tell you who you aren’t Bobby Patton. You’re nobody! There is only one guy that I want”. His mouth had become dry, “You . . . you could have just said no”. She seemed to trail off as if never hearing a sound “Jon”. “Jon,” Bobby repeated in such disgust, “You are nothing compared to him”. She turned back to him, “so obviously I guess the answer is no . . . call me when you look something like that”. She patted him on the chest and made her way back to the classroom.

It was three years later before I came into contact with my beloved. I had lost my glasses and parted blond hair. My lanky body had thickened up and soon I grew a bit of confidence, ready to start anew at the local high school. It just so happened that Christina came to my high school and once again fell into the popular crowd. Although her love for Jon was well known Jon himself never showed any interest, passing from one girl onto the next. Maybe that was the reason why she approached me that one rainy October day. It was widely rumored in my school that my interest was with another girl named Kelly. Head of the Pom Pom squad, she always delighted and exploited the fact that I had feelings for her. Although learning from Christina I never pursued Kelly only having the courage to watch her from afar.

It was surprising to see Christiana here after school but when she slid up to the cafeteria table I knew something was up. Going to a private school meant that girls were allowed to wear skirts. Although Christiana was known for her utter dislike of them she never hasted to sport them several inches higher than the other girls. She hopped on the table letting her skirt rise even higher showing off her seductive caramel skin. She crossed her legs making sure her white knee socks were straight. “Hey Bobby,” I rose from my textbook, “hey Christina what brings you over here”? “Nothing, nothing, I was wondering how your weekend is looking?” I shook my head, “you haven’t talked to me in years . . . what do you want?” “Well I am going to that huge party at Jon’s tonight are you . . . oh yea of course not”! I lowered my head, “so what can I do for you”? “Well a little birdie told me that you have a reputation of being able to procure certain things”. “What do you want,” she leaned in and whispered, “well Jon has always wanted to try that European liquor, I keep forgetting the name . . . Absinthe”? I began to laugh, “Absinthe, really . . . you want Absinthe?” Her leg seemed to rise
a little higher, “yeah well I have been hearing that you have been able to procure some stuff for other students . . . for a price? After all you did get that blood red Anaconda for Mark, and I heard you got those black piranhas for Annie.” I dropped my pen, “my business is my business, but yeah this is more then just going to a reptile show. Or getting somebody to buy me liquor for your brainless jocks, Absinthe is illegal, and I couldn’t get it . . . even if I wanted too!”

She pouted, “Figures, you never could give me exactly what I want. Never good enough you know”? I picked up my pen and returned to my textbook trying to ignore her comments. “I’ll tell you what I know. I know how much you like me still . . . I’ll make a little deal with you, if you find the liquor I will allow you take me out for an hour”. I tried to pay attention to my work, I really did. “Thanks Christina but you have made your interests perfectly known.” I knew I had gotten to her because she shifted in her spot, “it’s that slut Kelly isn’t it”? I shook my head, “no I just can’t do it and that’s the truth.” Her legs wiggled slightly “pity . . . I heard she is going to the party tonight. She is really pretty isn’t she? Tiny figure, perky chest, the ass of a dancer . . . would make any straight girl go bi, well at least for one night if you know what I mean?” My head shot up, “you got to be kidding me”! She smiled at me, “no but what a piece of ass to try it out with right?” Staring at her disbelief clear upon my face she smiled wider knowing she was getting her way, “well maybe if I get that bottle then Jon will take me and I won’t have to take Kelly. You are my best bet of getting a bottle. You deal in this sort of stuff, so help a girl out. After all I always get what I want.” She hopped off the table and gave a cute little wave, “bring it to the party. I believe you know where”!

As night approached I was able to procure the American version of Absinthe which I hoped would be good enough despite the absence of the “key” ingredient. I didn’t suspect her to actually go for Kelly but she did have one thing right. Christina always made sure to get what she wanted. In truth, my heart still burned for her, but I had learned from my mistake before. Her rejection of me was well known through our previous school. I was intended on not making the same mistake twice. But with this mission, I planned on making a move for Kelly tonight. It was stamped on my heart that read, no matter what!
The party was already in full swing by time I showed up. I saw my fellow classmates and many new faces as I approached the large white ranch style house. I kept my head low as I entered through the crowded door. Their eyes were all focused on me as I clenched the bottle tightly to my chest. I knew some of the people were just itching for me to make a mistake. Any mistake could be met with much hostility. I kept my eyes scanning the room looking for the second most beautiful girl that I knew would be here tonight. I walked through the kitchen and the living room. Deciding not to head upstairs I prayed that she would be outside. Making my way around the long table filled with the disastrous remnants of a “Flippy Cup” game.

I scanned the large backyard watching people climbing and diving drunkenly in and out of Jon’s Olympic size pool. I was about to give up when I heard a familiar heaven like laughter. A laughter that once made my blood rush. I almost had to catch my breath when I saw her flirting with the athletic football star Jon. Face chiseled from God himself, although when I saw it, it made me want to demolish it. But sucking it up I made my way over to her. I saw her eyes widen as she saw me making my way between two other football stars who found it funny to block my way for several minutes. Christina made her way and actually took my hand leading me towards the middle of the lawn. “Did you get it,” she snapped I gulped almost speechless from her beauty. A curvy black dress that left little to the imagination on her slim figure, my heart skipped a beat. She stared at me as if completely uninterested in my fumbling of words. “I . . . I got the best I could get on such short notice,” she smiled, “see what a little persuasion can accomplish? Let me see it”! I began to hand it towards her, but she snatched it from me as if I was taking a ten mile journey. She studied it and read the label, Absinthe. She ran her hands over the bottle as if her eyes couldn’t believe it, “I can’t believe you actually got it”! She continued to stare the tension grew as I knew my presence was unwelcome I set out to complete my second task. “So Christina where exactly is,” her eyes rose, “no Bobby I am sorry I can’t treat you to the hour now. Call me tomorrow and I will try to squeeze you in.” She smacked his cheek, “thanks again”. She turned and strolled away without a second glance. I clenched my teeth, oh how I wish I could have told her that Absinthe doesn’t grow on trees. It’s not like that stuff was easy to come by, especially the legal stuff for a sixteen year old.
Shaking my head, “I guess I’ll go and try to find Kelly”. I turned and began to walk away when he heard laughing. The laughing increased and soon many people in the party where erupting into explosive laughter. I was almost onto the patio when I heard a loud and loathing “YOU”! It was a voice that I hardly recognized but when I turned I saw my former love storming towards me. Her eyes looked to be containing large bonfires, “how dare you make a fool of me you, you friggin loser”! I saw the bottle in her hand, the cork had been removed, “This is not the real thing”! I wish I could have found the words as every eye turned to stare at me. My nerves seemed to be controlling me, “you made an utter fool of me! Just because I don’t want anything to do with you, doesn’t mean you should screw me over! I don’t like you alright! I never liked you! You’re nothing but a loser with no friends and the only thing your good at you can’t do”! She walked over and tossed the contents of the bottle in my face. I screamed, “I can’t get it! It’s illegal you . . .” but that was it. The rest of the contents were poured over me and when I raised my head her face was red with anger. “KELLY,” cried Christina as she waved directly behind me. I turned soaking wet as I saw to my horror my new love interest. Her brown hair shone in the light as her face was pink due to the many drinks in her system. She had on a tight white shirt with a big logo of Hello Kitty. She turned to Christina and gave a loud “Christina”! Pointing to me she said, “did you know that Bobby Patton here . . . yes Bobby Patton has a crush on you but he is too coward to tell you”. “Really,” she said looking surprised, “oh that is so cute”! She walked over towards me, “if you liked me, why didn’t you ever just ask me out”?

The piercing stares of all the eyes filled with loathing made my lungs constrict. She moved closer as the party seemed to grow silent “Can I assume from your speechlessness that you were a little shy. Bobby if you liked me all you had to do was just ask . . . go on, ask me”. She came over towards me and I soon began to feel hot under the collar. People were circling around us as she came closer to my face “do you have anything you want to say . . . I’m right here, right now.” I gulped and whispered very softly, “Would you . . . go out with me”? She came closer, “So you like me”? I nodded, “Are you asking me out”? I nodded again. The seconds seemed to tick by as she studied me over, “I can’t believe you actually did it”! She stood straight up, “I can’t believe you actually thought I would say
yes.” Her laughter seemed to ring louder until I realized the crowd was all erupting into their own set of laughter. “I know you like me. I know you wanted to ask me out. I also have seen you for what you are”. I gripped my hands together feeling a soft wind suck the last remaining heat from my body. “You’re nothing but a loser . . . an errand boy . . . now get out of this party”!

I was bombarded with cups as the group dispersed. Kelly didn’t even turn around as she walked away. I made my way through the people and was just out the door when I heard that voice. That loathing sweet voice that I have grown to hate, a voice filled with lies and prizes. A voice I would like to silence . . . permanently. A hand grabbed my shoulder as I turned to see Christina, “I can help you out you know”. “You’ve done enough”! I tried to move but she pulled me back, “bring me the real Absinthe. The real Absinthe and I can get you out of this mess! Now grow a pair and get me what I want!” She turned and headed away. I left the house and was already taking huge strides to put as much distance between the house and me. I stopped when my breathing had turned into a slight wheeze stinging my sides. It was there under the full moon that I plotted my revenge. I knew that Christina was not the girl that I always thought she was. I knew Christina’s life needed to end. I wanted to kill Christina. My plot for her death started with a promise under that very moon. My mind seemed to sing, “Bye bye Christina . . . bye bye”.

It took me nearly two weeks to set my plan but I finally set it into motion one Sunday afternoon. My plan would start with me coming to Christina’s job. She was a sales clerk at a trendy clothing store in our town’s only mini-mall. I entered the mall and began to wander until I could find something that would help bring me closer to my victim. Each store I read and each I passed with certain disgust. I didn’t want to draw any attention but I almost leapt in a hidden excitement when I saw her folding some women’s Polo shirts. I tried to hide my sadistic smile as I approached. I have to be honest it took all my strength not to take her breath away in the middle of the store. “Bobby,” she said with such disgust, “listen Christina I know you’re really upset with me”. Crossing her arms she snorted, “That’s an understatement!” “Well I thought about what you were saying at Jon’s party. You know getting the real Absinthe and all?”
She placed a folded shirt on top of the stack that she was working on. “Don’t joke with me Bobby. I am not in the mood for more of your tricks. You really embarrassed me that night.” I rubbed my hands together as I continued to proceed with my plan. “I know but no tricks Christina. You see in the past two weeks my guy has been able to procure a crate of what he calls pure Absinthe straight from Germany.” It took all my strength to contain a smile when she dropped some of the shirts she was folding. “Real Absinthe Bobby,” I nodded as she repeated “Real Absinthe”? “There is a problem though, I am afraid I can’t confirm its authenticity for the party tonight. So I am not sure . . .” I knew that I didn’t need to go far before the plan would set like a hook. “Wait . . . party . . . what party?” I took several minutes trying to look generally confused, “you know . . . Jon’s party? Up at his parent’s lake house”? “Jon doesn’t have a lake house,” I shook my head, “well my guy is delivering it to Jon’s lake house for you . . . paid a lot of money for it. All I have to do is pick it up from him and . . .” I was unable to finish my comment for my plan was going better than I had even expected. I had never seen such lust in her eyes as when she spoke about Jon. “I can’t believe Jon is throwing a party without me! He always tells me when he’s throwing a party . . . where do you think you’re going”? I pretended like I was walking away, “well it’s like I said I have to pick it up tonight unless your not going then I don’t have to pick it up at all. I can just go and do what I really want to do”.

“No we’re going to Jon’s party and picking up that crate . . . I’m coming with you,” I turned and adding fuel to the fire saying, “maybe Jon doesn’t want you there”? “Yes Bobby obviously I am going if Jon is having a party I should be there. Besides if you got a crate of Absinthe being delivered up there we should grab it. If Jon gets the crate then he will get me. It all connects and fits, don’t you see”? I watched her toss her work related project to the side, “Aren’t you working?” She waved her hands like she couldn’t care, “listen Christina the house is over three hours away . . . it’s a long drive”. I watched her finger raise and begin to jab me in the chest. “Listen mister I am the only person that should be giving Jon the Absinthe! You made me look like a fool, but if I bring the true product Jon will forgive me and then he can fall madly in love with me”. I couldn’t help but smirk, “whatever you say Christina . . . whatever you say”.
The first part of my plan had gone smoothly but the next part would prove the most difficult. Christina’s car was still in the parking lot and the trouble was I would need her to accompany me in my car. My intention was to divert any attention to me. After all I didn’t want my plan to get spoiled. “I’ll follow you, but I have to get gas first so wait for me”. She began to shuffle through her outfit, “damn it, I left my keys in my purse. I got to go back in”. “Listen if it helps you can just tag along with me”. She shook her head, “no it’s too far, and I would need my car for work tomorrow”. “You’re right go in and grab your purse after all walking back in on a job that you just walked out of should only take just a minute”. I turned from her and knew by her sudden pause that she was mulling it over. I smiled marveling in my own benevolence. I waited as I seemed to stand on needles. “Alright, but I better give them a call to make sure I can get a ride back”. Digging into my pocket I found my keys and although I knew exactly which key I would need, I picked through them and remarked “Yeah it’s always good to have friends you know? I’m sure they will drive you back. They seem like the type of people. After all your group is really close right?” She tossed her black hair as if the statement was an algebraic equation that had stumped all of mankind. Pretending to find the key I said, “I’ll leave the address on your windshield . . .” I watched her standing there perplexed. I quickly added, “Better hurry”. I turned and silently did a moan of joy when she said, “no . . . I’m going to surprise them. Think they can throw a party without me. I bet that bitch Kelly wants to get Jon for herself”.

I stood there as she returned to me, “well,” I said as she walked over to my passenger door. Gripping the handle she said, “Well, I guess you could drive me back . . . unless you’re willing to lend me money for a taxi”? “A taxi,” I exclaimed wondering how God could give a gorgeous body to a woman so dumb. She stared at me as if my life was on the line and with such falseness I said, “A taxi? Sure, a taxi whatever Christina wants Christina gets right?” “Now you’re learning,” she snapped and pulled open the car. Her muttering became more incoherent, “if I give him the bottle and we hook up, he may drive me back in the morning anyway”.

We sat an entire hour without as much as exchanging glances to each other. She continued to mutter about Jon but my interest faded in and out. Pretty soon my attention was nonexistent as I stared down the lonely road.
After an hour and half she finally spoke, “where the hell is this place”? “It’s his lake house, I told you it was going to be awhile”. I saw out of the corner of my eye her rolling her eyes, “it’s just so boring! You’re not very good company”. I didn’t even respond as another hour seemed to go by in complete silence. She whined around 10:30, “Jesus how much longer is this place? I don’t think I can be here any longer and I have to go to the bathroom soon”. Knowing that the tension was starting to get to her, I tried to ease it with an “almost there Christina. Besides were making really good time, and my guy should be dropping it off right about now”.

When thirty minutes went by, I saw her shuffle her legs anxiously and knew she was reaching the breaking point. It didn’t matter we were almost there anyway. From the small patch of highway, we had merged over onto the interstate and took that until we reached the forest road. We traveled down a black top highway through the forest and this is where she broke. “Alright Bobby where the hell are we,” we rose up a hill, “I promise that we are almost there . . . twenty minutes I swear”. She crossed her arm as she growled, “twenty minutes”. We rose up the hill and turned down a dark path, Christina gulped a little. I knew that she was growing suspicious, “there’s Jon’s house”. I pointed to the only house, which had every light shining. It seemed to blaze like the sun in the darkness space. “Wow how could somebody miss it”? We traveled down the hill and entered a winding S-road. “There is a turn around here somewhere,” pretending to look for the turn Christina gazed at her phone, “who would have thought that with all the improvements in technology somebody could still never get a signal”? Trying to hide a smirk Bobby gave a, “When did you loose your signal?” Tapping her phone frantically, “It seems like ever sense the parking lot”.

I made the turn and with previous experience remembered the dip and lowered around a large hill. “Forget it . . . Hey! Where you going? Aren’t we going to the party,” “I keep telling you that I have to get the crate first”. We headed around a large tree and a shed about the size of a small mobile home came into view. “A tool shed,” I saw her surprise but I still pulled up to the house and turned off the ignition. “You ready,” “ready for what” she shot back. “You don’t think that I am going to go in there now do you”? Withdrawing the keys I said, “Look I can’t carry a crate by myself, all I am asking is for just a little work”. I wish I could have slapped her from the outrageous look she gave me. The word “work” seemed to splutter out her
mouth like a piece of hair on the tongue. “But . . . that is a man’s job”? “Look if you want to get to the party any quicker you’re going to have to help me”.
“HA,” she laughed as she opened her door and stormed out. “I’m taking your car and going to the party,” she snapped her fingers at me like I was some bus boy. “You go in and bring that crate up”. I clenched my hand around my keys, “Oh no! Nobody drives my car but me. And don’t try your flirting or cutesy stuff either. I’m not lugging a crate of Absinthe up to that house so forget about that”. She looked disappointed, “well then . . . guess I’m walking there aren’t I”? It was my turn to laugh, “Yeah good luck with that”! I shook my head trying to imagine her scrambling through a thick forest just for some stupid friends. “Where are you going,” she yelled, I turned almost speechless by her stupidity all I could say was “really”? She looked around at the dark forest, “you . . . you . . . you’re not just . . . leaving me out here”?

At that point I knew that I had gotten to her. I looked around, “I don’t know what you want . . . how about if you just come in with me”? She looked at the decrepit shed and seemed to shiver on the spot. “Alright,” she yelled but pointing her finger she snarled, “But you’re doing all the work”! Knowing that this was my chance, I nodded “of course Christina . . . all the work”. She continued to look around as we approached the house. I knew her nerves would only last this long. “Bobby we got to make this quick, I really have to use the bathroom soon”. I approached the shed door, “don’t worry I’ll make sure it’s really quick”.

We entered the door and the very floorboards vibrated from her violent shaking. I began to walk through the junk of useless yard tools. Christina almost tripped over a rusty shovel. “So where is it,” she exclaimed bending over to rub her stubbed toe. I moved to a piece of paper that I had stuck upon the large rust cabinet. In my brother’s handwriting it read, basement. I took it and read it aloud. I pocketed it and said “my guy put it in the basement”. “Basement,” she exclaimed in almost a squeak, “I don’t like this place it gives me the creeps”! I turned to her, “look you want the stuff or not because all we have to do is go downstairs and grab it”. My tone was virtually on edge, I felt my body rushing almost wanting to get it over with. I walked over to the corner of the room and grabbed a rusty handle to a trap door.
The door opened with a great belch as dust flew into the air, “don’t you want a flashlight”? I shook my head, “the moon is bright and plus its small anyway down here . . . oh I see it”. I heard her scurry over the floor as she moved next to me, “where, where” she repeated several times. Finally, I pointed to the end of the hallway towards a crate in the corner of the room. She smirked and we both moved down the stairs heading across the small room. She moved past me and stared at the small hole in the wall. She ran through it and began to tear into the crate trying to pull the boards from the wooden box. The wood cracked as I slowly advanced towards her. Letting the cracked boards fall to the floor as she pulled out a bottle. I watched a smile spread across her face as her hand traced over the fake bottle of Absinthe. She tossed me the bottle which I caught with the slightest of ease. She returned to the crate digging for another bottle as she gazed around the small hole in the wall room. “Wow they must have been putting a small store room down here or something huh?”

I gripped the neck of the bottle tightly feeling her voice cutting into my skin as I began to grit my teeth. The time had come to put my plan into its final stages. I watched her pull out another bottle, “wow I can’t believe you actually got the real ones this time”! “Yeah I said moving closer,” “we should try a bottle”. She raised her hand, “we should. Although, you might try to take advantage of me . . . I’m sorry I just don’t like you like that”. I ignored her last comment, “we should have a bottle”. I was merely a foot away from her, “why don’t you have one . . . this one”! I raised the bottle as her “air headed” eyes rose to see it crashing into the side of her head. I watched the light pop out of them as she fell to the ground in heap.

Her body began to show signs of life as it stirred on the floor. Ignoring her groans and complaints as her dizziness seemed to inhibit her perception to her location. When my spade began to plop a large glob of cement she turned as her eyes narrowed to me. “Bobby,” she said in an almost exhausted tone. Ignoring her as I piled on another brick and then another. “What’s going on? What are you doing?” I added more cement replying, “I would have thought that even an idiot like you could figure out what I am doing”. She stared at the already eight layers that I had completed in her unconsciousness. She scanned them as I began to pile two more bricks with her eyes widening in terror. “Bobby . . . what are you . . . . you can’t be,” her spluttering words were ignored as I continued my manual labor. She
reached for me but a rustling of a chain caught her attention. “What is this,” she said in terror, “you chained me up”? Her eyes landed on her other wrist which also had a chain on it. She began to wrestle with them trying to get her wrists through them. “I think you will find that quite impossible,” I watched her struggle trying to free her wrist though to no avail. “What are you doing you freak, LET ME GO!” Her scream did not even shake me as she began to panic.

She grabbed one of her chains and began to tug trying to rip it out of the very stone wall. I continued my work as she struggled with the chains. I had finished three more levels before she gave up in a torrid of swears and whimpers. “Please Bobby, I’ll . . . I’ll give you that date that you always wanted.” I sniggered, “it’s too late Christina,” I watched her come to her knees. “We can go out . . . right now . . . I swear for more then an hour too! We can date a whole week”. My eyes rose as I gave a sarcastic, “really! You mean you’ll be my girlfriend”? I watched her give an immediate, “yeah, of course. I have always liked you. I have always wanted to be your girlfriend”. I snorted as I continued to add cement finding a growing pleasure with every brick I set. “Everybody at the party will look for me. Jon and Kelly will find me”. I laughed taking a small break as I leaned over my work. “You idiot, there is no party. Nobody knows you are here. You left work without telling anybody and your phone didn’t work because I blocked the signal.”

I laughed demonically as her eyes widened, “you’re lying”! I shook my head, “You can get a scrambler at any security store in the country. It was under your seat the entire time. So yeah, I assure you I am not lying”. I picked up the spade and continued my work, “PLEASE SOMEBODY HELP ME!” Her loud screaming didn’t detour me for only I knew the true futility in her shouting. She shouted several more times until I started to join in, “please somebody help”! I began to mockingly cry, “Please somebody help”! She turned to me pure hatred in her eyes, “I told you nobody can hear you. I inherited that cabin from my dead grandfather. My mom, brother and I are the only ones that visit it every spring . . . tsk, tsk, too bad it’s only October”.

She fell silent as I piled up the bricks adding more levels. Sweat pouring down my body but my work never ceased. Hate fueled my fire as I continued to pile brick upon cold brick. Her eyes followed every movement
finally realizing that each brick sealed her fate. “Please Bobby, don’t do this. I’ll screw you . . . please you can’t kill me”. She cried in her hands as she looked up and saw that I had left the crate of Absinthe in the room. She reached over and grabbed a bottle, she raised it, “let me go”! I just laughed, “I wouldn’t if I were you”. And predictably she heaved it right at me which I dodged feeling the slight breeze of it passing my head. “YOU FREAK LET ME GO”! I just shook my head, “you know I spent all that time gathering up that bog water for you to survive on. If I knew you were going to throw it away I would have just let you dehydrate to death”.

I raised another level and soon the wall was as tall as my chest. “Please Bobby . . . I’ll give you everything I would have given Jon. I screw you till you can’t walk straight.” Slap!! Another glob of cement hit the bricks as I chortled at her comment. I watched her eyes go flirty like when she thought about Jon, “please baby, I’ll give you everything you want. I’ll be your sex slave for a whole week. We can sit back enjoy some liquor and have a good laugh about this.” I picked up a brick and smiled, “Oh I’ll enjoy laughing about this. I wish I could say the same about you . . . and your bog water.” I slammed the brick down as she screamed at me getting up and charging at me. I didn’t even flinch as her chains stopped her in her place. She was a mere three inches away from my creation. I heard her struggling to grab me, but when I raised my head she spit in my face. “I’ll kill you, you pathetic piece of shit,” I shook my head as I wiped her spit from my face. “No you won’t,” I slammed another brick down and soon the brick wall stretched to the very top leaving only one final brick to be placed. “Please don’t do this . . . please, please GOD help me. Help me God!” “It’s too bad,” I saw her turn to the hole, “only god will be able to help you”. She spit at me again, “somebody will find me! They will come for me”! “Yeah,” I said in such disbelief, “why don’t you sit there and wait . . . see how long it takes”. “You can’t leave me in here please. I’m sorry . . . I’m sorry for the way I am and what I have done. I promise I will change. I’ll make it my life’s work to make you happy. I stopped her “its too late Christina, it’s too late”! I hoisted the last brick as she struggled against the chains. “See you in the spring,” “NOO,” she screamed loudly as the brick slid into place entrapping her. Her screams where muffled as I slapped the last bit of cement on it. Her screams soon died and I knew she was crying on the floor. I tapped on the bricks
“Christina . . . Christina”! I leaned into the bricks whispering, “Where or where is my darling Christina”?

As I walked out the sun was blazing in the sky as my clothes seemed to stick to my body. I decided to take a relaxing walk to enjoy the day. I made my way around the shed and headed around the hill to the large backyard that was the size of a football field. My grandfather’s cabin lay dormant and empty. Bushes lay over grown as yard work was clearly going to be needed when they returned. His mother and brother hated yard work. Maybe this was the year he’d convince his mother to hire some outside help, after all he despised yard work as well.

The End





CAVE ALIENS

(LOST STORY)


BY

BILLY KHYDD

&

ROBBY RICHARDSON

















The sun was high in the sky making the sand covered landscape wave

under the scolding desert heat. A lone gas station stood off the side of the Pan-American Highway. The gas station was empty with only two pumps seemingly made during the turn of the century. Our Expedition pulled up to the side of them and the minute our doors opened the heat hit us like a punch in the face. “Damn, I wish they would have told us that we would be working in such heat”. I wiped my red face as I felt beads of sweat already running down my small beard. I removed my shades as the sun beat down on the both of us, “I’ll go in and get some cash. We have to make it to the mines by night fall”. I turned and pointed my finger at my partner, “it’s your freaking time table,” he shrugged at me, “yeah well the company wanted us to drive . . . what can I tell you”? I growled, “Just make it happen”. Still growling he walked towards the front of the store but stopped when an old bronzed skin man exited the station. “Didn’t see ya’ll,” he said behind a mess of grizzly gray beard. He removed his cowboy hat as he raised his melon sized head to the sky. “Sure is a hot one today huh?”

“Yeah can you fill it up all the way, we got a long journey ahead of us”. The man placed his hat on his head “very well,” “hey you guys got a bathroom”? I watched the grizzly old man bark, “ha, city boys round here . . . naw, but just piss out back that’s what everybody else does”! He stumbled down the stairs and made his way towards me. Gray dirt covered jeans over a sweaty white-tee was the man’s choice of ensemble. He stopped dead in his tracks at our Expedition, “Jesus Christ boy, don’t get much fancy cars like that round here”. I look confused and turned back to our company car, “it’s just an Expedition”. The man smiled and continued
to stride towards the pump, “nice car . . . she yours”? He made his way to the pump, I groaned a little not really wanting to converse with an inbred desert man, “no, it’s a company car”. He barked again as he began fueling the vehicle, “must be nice? What company?” I lowered my shades and noticed my wrinkled hands roasting in the sun. “Global Green Mining,” the man rested his hand on the window “Mining . . . what’re all doing so far way from the states?” I groaned again as my partner seemed to be taking in the scenery, “investigating the mines out there in the north”.

I returned the glasses to my face and watched my partner coming around the corner, “hurry up Ryan I don’t want to spend all day here. We still got to set up camp”! I began to hear something like liquid hitting the dirt when the smell of gasoline hit my nose. I turned to see the gas tank overflowing as the man was gasping at us, his rotten teeth exposed for the world to see. “What . . .” was all I could muster with his gaze. My eyes watched the gasoline drench the dirt. He jumped as he saw his mistake, “Christ,” he stopped and fumbled with the hose. Finally returning it to its rightful place he exclaimed, “You mean you’re camping out there . . . . by the abandoned mines”? Running my fingers over my nose I removed the dripping sweat, “well it is our job after all”. “But, those mines have been abandoned for years!” “We know . . . that is our job”. The man looked confused as Ryan approached, “I think my friend Bruce here is saying we’re kind of like spelunkers”. “Spelunkers,” he said with a look of confusion, “never mind,” added Ryan as he began to point towards the north. “Can you direct us, we’re looking for this access road, it’s supposed to take us all the way to the mines . . . is it just down the road a little bit”?

The man ran his hand over his beard, “you shouldn’t go up there. That is sacred land . . . their land”. “Whose land,” my question was answered before Ryan could protest, “everyone around these parts knows that. They’re the reason the mines were closed in the first place”. Ryan now sounded interested, “Who”? The man leaned into us and whispered, “The visitors”. I saw Ryan turn to me and I smiled at him to show my comprehension of the man’s statement. “Well then don’t you think they’ll want some company,” he shook his head, “you mustn’t go up that access road. It is forbidden land”. “Well why don’t you tell us how much we owe you so we don’t get stranded out there,” “oh . . .” he fumbled with his hands as if thinking it over. “Bout fifty should do the trick”? I saw Ryan pay the
man with a little, “well thanks for all your help”. “You must heed my advice no man must travel down there!” Ryan smiled at the grizzled man “I am sure a couple nights aren’t going to offend them”. Ryan made his way into the driver’s seat and I followed suit. We didn’t mean to kick up so much dust as we left but with the cloud behind us we were once again on the road.
“Are you sure you know where you’re going, after all this is the tricky part that you were talking about right”? Ryan nodded, “yeah Bruce the G.P.S. can’t even find this road. It’s an access road, very small probably going to be deteriorated . . . leads straight into the desert. So make sure you keep a clear eye out.” I scoffed, “that’s a larf! All I see is sand and dunes. Let’s just drive through it.” Ryan shook his head, “no there is a road, we can find it”. We continued to drive with Ryan starting to examine the landscape, “it should be coming up. Mr. Hickelson told me that it is a couple miles past that lone gas station. He said he drove by it three times before he actually found it. All the warning signs had been knocked down . . . buried under several inches of sand. He reposted them but he said that they could blow down again.” We continued driving with the desert seemingly cooking us in our car. The road lay empty of anything except the meaningless landscape which consisted of the scattered bush or small tree. I almost could feel the time crawling by, “there that might be it”! He pointed to a bend in the road and a small crack in the wall of sand where only the smallest of cars could make.

“Are you serious,” I said as he nodded his head, “yeah I think that’s it”. I shook my head, “no that can’t be it”. Ryan pulled off to the side of the road and began to inch his way through the narrows. “Ryan there is no way we are going to make it,” “no, we can make it” he said sounding determined. “This has to be the way . . . other people have been there and Mr. Hickelson made it”. The car edged its way up the path as the walls were mere inches from the sides. “I swear if you make it through this gap then I will consider you the greatest driver to have ever lived”. The car inched its way through as we traveled up through the dunes. Finally we broke through to emerge upon the top of one of the largest dunes. It was like a table of sand, the wheels squealed loudly and we drove over the top. “How far is the mine”? Ryan began to laugh as the sand rose around us, “Oh it’s a good drive”.

“A good drive I thought . . . ha!” The sun baked us in the car more as we drive miles into the desert. The sand dunes made our way back seem futile.
But Ryan kept driving as if getting there was the real issue. “Don’t you think . . .” my voice broke as we fell down a giant sand dune. It was like a roller coaster and took several seconds to descend. We hit the floor as Ryan caught his breath from shouting, “we need to get there before nightfall. Don’t want to be caught out here lost in the middle of the night . . . am I right?” He turned to me and slapped my arm, “hey you still awake there Bruce! Your shades are falling down you know?” I removed my nails from the door and caught my stunned expression, “where the hell are we”? Waving his hand, “relax . . . ok, just relax . . . . up ahead here”. He pointed as he made his way towards a town that camouflaged into the background. I had to squint to see the remains of an ancient town and a large hole in a particular large rocky sand dune. The buildings were made of a very useful resource especially for this landscape. “Sandstone huh,” Ryan nodded “good old natural sandstone”.

We pulled up to the town and parked next to a building which looked as if it was literally melting in the heat. I opened the door and gazed around at the small town. “So this is what Mr. Hickelson meant by, ou will see a small mining town’”. “Yeah whatever Ryan, it doesn’t matter . . . can we just set up camp and get going”? “Yeah Bruce, what’s wrong with you all of a sudden, you’re looking a little pale there my friend.” I shrugged, “don’t know . . . this place just gives me the creeps”.

We set up camp, equipped our gear including the climbing ropes that we had rushed out the night before to purchase. I slipped the rope over my arm as I met up with Ryan who was grabbing the G.P.R. or Ground Penetrating Radar. “You ready,” he shook his head, “no, there’s something wrong with this machine.” I walked over and studied the large stick that resembled an expensive metal detector. Static began to emanate through the small device, “that’s different”. I took it and twisted the wires, “it’s the wires . . . got to be the wires”. The static began to grow louder, a robotic voice played softly in the background. “What’s wrong with it Bruce . . . I don’t think it can do that stuff.” The detector went dead and then silent. A voice hoarse but soft as a whisper spoke through the machine, the words were strange but spoken like a language. Then the detector went dead and this time for good. I slapped the side of it and then flipped the knob. The red button clicked and the detector gave a familiar beeping sound. I stared down at it, “did . . . did you get any of that”? Ryan shrugged, “it didn’t sound like any language I could
even compare it too”. Trying to shake the goose bumps off my arm I stood up to calm my shaky voice, “well works now. So let’s get a move on . . . or get started at least”.
We rappelled down the mine in front of another large black hole with a rusted and ancient railway. Ryan scanned around the hole unhooking his carabineer “why don’t you go check it out and make sure we should even set forth. I’ll call in the safety check and drop the locater”. He snatched his cell phone from his vest as I turned towards the hole. I ran my hands over the wall checking for any weak spots or danger zones. My eyes traveled over the ground as the hard surface seemed to provide a stable environment. The wooden beams however rotted and looked on the verge of turning immediately into dust. The air was colder the further I traveled into the hole. I grabbed my flashlight and examined every crevice of the mine. It went down deep into the earth and a sudden chill swept through the air. Like a gust of wind from the depths of the cave, “Bruce . . . how’s it look? Just finished check in we’re good to go. We got a fifty minute window until check in”. I nodded, “grab your light and let’s move”. My vest rattled slightly with every step as we headed deeper into the mine. “Stability is going to need some work,” Ryan focused on a pile of rocks held in the ceiling by a bending wooden board. We probed deeper into the mine shaft until it began to open wider to accommodate only the largest of wildlife. Soon the ceiling opened up and a bee hive like room came into view. This must be one of the stations I had read about in the initial report. We stared around the abandoned mine and our meager lights provided “fire fly” light in a large mining hole. “Wow this is amazing, it still looks stable . . .” I turned to him with a sarcastic look which he quickly added, “you know it’s not all mined out. We should really get some samples if we can.” I nodded as I raised my light. A shadow had darted into one of the small holes that led to another mine shaft. “What’s that sound,” my eyes narrowed trying to scan our surroundings as a small clicking sound could be heard. It only clicked in patterns until it was finally drowned by a soft sucking sound like mud boiling.

I turned to Ryan who was scrapping off a large amount of the wall and placing it into a large vile. He labeled it Sample 1 and turned to me, “well I guess we should head deeper huh”? I turned to him, “you don’t hear that”? He shrugged, “probably a crack in the foundation.” “I don’t know about
that,” I scanned the different levels as my eyes traced along the walls. The light was minimal from our flashlights, but I had seen something as clear as day. A tiny figure had disappeared as quickly as it had become visible. It was tiny and meandered in the door disappearing from my sight. “Hey I’m going to start running some tests,” Ryan’s comment seemed distant as he added, “hopefully we will be able to reopen the mines within the year”. A wind blew through the deserted mine as the sand fell lightly from the top.

I saw Ryan pull out the Ground Penetrating Radar and begin to fiddle with it. I was not even paying any attention to him. My eyes continued to scan the levels, “Ryan,” I said softly. I froze when a rock came tumbling down the wall. It hit several times before it clattered to the ground. “Ryan,” I whispered again as I heard something like scuffling over the walls. “Bruce I can’t do this with you crying over there,” “Ryan will you shut up”! My panicked voice made him raise his head in alertness, “What is it”? I raised my hand, “Do you hear that”? I focused on the small almost scuttle like sounds that seemed to scamper over the very walls. “Do you hear that,” Ryan focused on our surroundings but shook his head, “it’s just water trickling down the walls or something . . . you’re all jumpy today, you need to relax. Soon will be back at camp sitting around a fire and sleeping under the stars . . . just relax ok Bruce”? I ran my hands through my hair, “yeah maybe your right?” Ryan began to smack the machine, “this thing is busted again . . . shit!”

Finally turning my gaze from the walls, “well we are just going to have to grab the reserve. Might as well, it’s getting late anyway and we still have to climb back out. So let’s just pack up and tackle the tunnels early tomorrow. Besides I’m getting tired, let’s just call it a night . . . get me in front of that campfire you’re promising me.” Ryan swore again before running his hands over his face, “yeah . . . guess your right Bruce”. We scanned the caves one more time and then returned down the tunnel, back towards our climbing gear. “Man I can’t wait to get back to that sleeping bag”. I was even happy about returning to the campsite. Hell after a long drive, setting up camp, and having enough time to do a scouting of the mines was a day that was long overdue to being finished. We made our way through and saw up ahead the large hole we had rappelled through.

The sun was virtually gone but that was not the shocking part. “No, no, no,” Ryan was running forward, I had not even seen his problems until he
started to wave his hands in the air. I saw the absence of his concern and felt my own fear set in my stomach like a pound of cooked noodles. “THE ROPES,” he scanned the ground and found both of them crumbled behind a large rock. He withdrew them as they fell apart like wet pasta. His eyes were wide with shock as he stared up at the hole. “No,” he yelled with an added, “You got to be kidding me”!

I immediately turned my head back to the tunnel as a slight gust seemed to flow through the empty hole. There came a soft scattering of rocks as they tumbled lightly over the walls. “Bruce,” yelled Ryan as I turned to answer his exasperated groans, “I don’t know what we are going to do . . . I guess we are just going to have to call for help or find another way out”! Throwing the ropes to the floor, “we wouldn’t need to find the way up if somebody would have tied the ropes right”! Chortling I gave a quick, “me . . . you’re blaming this on me”? Raising his finger he advanced on me, “who else is there to blame, you tied the ropes”! He kicked them at me letting the shreds scatter over the ground, “useless, you didn’t tie the ropes good enough”. Gripping my chest, “me . . . you’re blaming this on me,” my repetition of words sent Ryan advancing towards me screaming “Now we don’t have a way out!” Grabbing the pieces of rope that had made it to my feet, I yelled, “This is not a faulty rope. This was ripped up by something . . . it was cut”. “Who would cut it Bruce? We are out in the middle of a desert . . . in the middle of Northern Chile”! Returning the ropes to the ground, “listen I’m sure there is another way out”. “HELP,” screamed Ryan at the top of his lungs as I shook my head, “you’re not helping anything. We need to find another way out . . . let’s examine a little more, besides we have to go further anyway . . . think of it like getting ahead”. “Getting ahead,” he repeated as I tried to give a reassuring smile, “yeah getting ahead, now come on before we loose the light”.

Gulping slightly, Bruce gave a quick scan of the opening as Ryan advanced on him, “well what are you waiting for”? Bruce gave another quick scan. “Move over then!” Ryan pushed past Bruce as he made his way down the tunnel. “Ryan wait,” Bruce raised his hand as dirt began to scatter over the walls again, “What,” he exclaimed angrily. “Do you hear that,” his shoulders raised with temper rising, “hear what, this abandoned mine? Jesus what are you so paranoid for”? Bruce gave another quick scan as Ryan yelled, “flip on your light we’re loosing the light too fast”. Ryan groaned as
they moved down the tunnel into the large honeycomb where there came a soft scattering. Bruce kicked a rock as he noticed several shadows playing off the walls. “So which tunnel would you like to take? I would suggest the one with the most light wouldn’t you, after all light must be good because somebody couldn’t tie a rope right”! Bruce gazed him up and down, “will you get over yourself? How did we get down here if the ropes were that loose?” Ryan gave a laugh of utter disbelief, “So you’re telling me that somebody walked all the way out here, saw the ropes and cut them away?” Groaning Bruce seemed almost exhausted by Ryan’s relentless blame, “Look I don’t know what happened with the ropes but they are gone alright! So bring out that blueprint and we can just follow that map . . . it’s not the best, but it’ll help”. Ryan nodded and searched in his small backpack and withdrew the folded up blueprint of the mine. He unfolded them as he traced his hands over the large paper. “Well looky, looky, there is another entrance down this one,” he pointed to the tunnel directly in front of them. “The map says that it goes back a ways but there is definitely an exit”. Ryan traced his fingers around it and exclaimed in a groan, “by my calculations it should be a mile deep but it defiantly breeches the surface.” He shut the map, “god it’s going to take us forever to get back to camp!”

There came a soft cackling in the air as Bruce raised his hand, “will you shut up with the complaining . . . listen”. The cackling had grown silent and this seemed to send Ryan into an even louder tirade. “Will you stop it? Stop it! Just stop it! What the hell is your problem?” Bruce shook his head, “I keep hearing things . . . strange things.” Ryan took a step back and in such sarcasm he bellowed, “You don’t say? Strange noises in an old abandoned mine? Oh my god we must call the company immediately and tell them . . .” Bruce held up his hand, “listen Ryan for the sake of our partnership and the rest of this trip, which I am sure is going to be quite enjoyable, I wouldn’t say another word to me, because I am prepared to knock you right out”. Ryan slapped his chest, “oh yeah you wanna go? I’d love to take a swing at your smug ass. You think that your hot shit, but truth is that you’re washed up like this god forsaken mine”.

There came another cackling as Ryan advanced on him. Bruce stopped and raised his hand, “wait Ryan there it is again you hear it”? Bruce turned his head to see a fist flying at him. He took it full in the face as he stumbled backwards and fell to the ground. He hit the wall, “god damn it,” he
screamed “what the hell Ryan”? He pointed his finger at him, “I’m sick of this job, I’m sick of this place . . . I’m sick of you Bruce!” He waved his hand and began down the tunnel. The cackle that Bruce had heard earlier now came louder as he watched a small animal scatter behind a rock and then another poked its head from behind another. He couldn’t make it out through the darkness but before his eyes could adjust it had vanished. “Ryan I just saw something!” “Yeah well why don’t you follow it and see if it leads you into a giant hole.” There came another loud cackle and then a whisper barely audible, “intruders,” and then another, “yes . . . intruders.” “Ryan I hear something, I think . . . I think we’re not alone!” Ryan cleared his throat, “well thank god at least . . .” he spun around as he yelled at Bruce continuing “I have something to keep me company in here besides you.” Bruce’s eyes landed on a small black head with eyes wide and dark. It hopped right onto Ryan as he screamed, “What the hell is that”? He reached up to it but then one emerged from a small hole and then another from behind a rock. Bruce ran towards him as Ryan screamed “get them off me!” Another fell from the ceiling as it began to tear at Ryan’s face. Ryan crashed against the wall as their voices whispered frantically, “intruder . . .

intruder . . . intruder.” Ryan fell to his knees as Bruce stopped dead in his tracks as more came down from the walls and some turned their heads towards him. They were small gray creatures the size of small dolls. Their black eyes focused on him as they walked on two legs. They flexed their fingers as their small nails were like little tacks.

Bruce watched helplessly as one of the creatures was now spreading Ryan’s mouth open. It began to tug at his tongue tearing it out of his mouth as another one began to shred his eyes. “Ryan,” he yelled staring down at the creatures in horror. If he had to guess he would say that they were aliens, but aliens didn’t usually come in that size . . . did they? He backed away as Ryan’s screams became garbled as the blood poured out his mouth drowning him in it. The small aliens were now advancing towards him, “stay back!” He watched the creatures climb over the walls and ceiling. “Stay back,” he turned and ran down the tunnel back towards the dead end. He ran through the corridor and ended up at the original opening nearly tripping over the shredded climbing ropes. He stared up and knew that they were coming. He waited for them to appear around the corner. Waited for them to start crawling over the walls and move towards him. He began to
search for some sort of a weapon but nothing came to his head. “Come on you little bastards, where you all at?”

The sun began to sink behind the horizon as the darkness consumed the mine. The aliens never showed but he knew that they were not gone. “Where the hell are you,” he yelled as his light seemed meaningless in such a dark tunnel. His light gave a little flicker and then died. He tapped his light several times “no, no, please just work”! A sound came from the depths of the tunnel as it sounded like a powerful jet engine starting up. The noise grew louder as the tunnel began to rumble, he watched the dirt fall in clumps from the walls. The mine shook as he gripped the sides blindly. The mine was on the verge of collapsing. The engine grew louder as air began to rush through the tunnels. His sun glasses blew off his face and smashed on the ground. He gripped the sides of the mine to try and hold him in place. “What’s happening,” he yelled as a bright light burst from the depths of the cave. He raised his hand to shield his vision from the light. “What’s going on,” his yell was barely audible as he felt his body being pulled towards the light. The vacuum sucked him into the light and Bruce disappeared in it. He screamed the whole way until the light died and the tunnel returned to its original state. Once again it remained still and abandoned. Just as it had been preserved all the years previously, the quiet desert it’s only music. The camp and car becoming part of the mine’s history, abandoned just like the mine.

The End





LAUGHING IN THE DARK -A TRIP INTO HYENA LAND-

BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON

















“All aboard,” cried a man with large aviator sunglasses and a large black

mustache. He swayed his large brown safari hat in his chubby hand as he waved it over the harsh African landscape. The large open jeep stood rusted under the baking sun. The landscape of Kenya was truly a sight of life and death. The tall grass blew in the breeze as the small amount of trees would provide little protection against the sun. “Is there another bus that we could take,” Monique’s voice sounded cooked by the sun. It took a special kind of person to do the work that Rory and her friends were undertaking. Their decision to help the people of Sudan was not based on religion. It was based on the essence of humanity.

“Hey Rory,” she turned and watched her friend Monique snapping her fingers in front of her face. She slapped them away, “alright, alright Monique . . . what is it”? “You’re the one that has coordinated this whole thing with Subin, can’t we get another jeep . . . preferably one with a roof and sides . . . not a rusted black security cage? I mean look he tied all the stuff onto a board to the roof Rory!” Rory ran her hands through her own strawberry blond hair, “No this is the middle of Kenya, not a car lot Monique. We have to take the bus that the church provides . . . or in this case tells us to take to get to their bus.” Rory watched Monique roll her eyes, which always meant she was frustrated. Rory tried to ignore it, but knowing that Monique wouldn’t drop it she stopped her before she could pick up steam. “Look if you don’t like it Monique YOU can actually go out and try to find another jeep.” Her black braids swung slightly as she replied, “And what good would I do? I am not the brain that speaks several languages . . . because I’m black I gotta speak Swahili! We all weren’t
blessed with your background knowledge living in France and Germany . . . having a summer home in Vienna. Some of us grew up in the ghetto . . . not with a silver . . .” “Well whatever Monique this is what the church said! We are going to meet up with a guide and she will help us through to the camp. They got us this far already right? So don’t complain unless you’re going to change something. You’re always complaining can’t you just be cool . . . for me?”

“I don’t always complain,” the rest of her rant was lost when a black bag was tossed at their feet. “Yeah and Africa isn’t hot as shit,” a boy as dark as night was smiling jovially at them. He was skinny and looked grossly underfed despite the fact of his deepest love of food. His one dream was to be a great chef of African cuisines. “Well if you weren’t always scoring for food Chriz, you might be able to see the predicament you’re in”. He shrugged as he continued to smile, “Monique when you grow up with little food and no sleep, you will appreciate it when you’re allowed to have it”. Monique placed her hand on her hip and pursed her lips, “mhm . . . I’m from the ghetto Chriz don’t let my round figure fool ya! And sleeping until the bus begins to board is not polite either my friend!” “Well if that isn’t the pot calling the kettle black,” Rory laughed as she saw Monique’s face turn to shock, “why you racist son of bitch!” Rory watched Chriz laugh at Monique’s over reaction as he turned to Rory blowing her off. “So what do I do with this?” Chriz kicked his large bag, “I still don’t feel right leaving the bags here . . . I mean can we trust the camp to bring the rest of our stuff?” Rory nodded, “I know it’s weird but that is what Subin wants. Subin wants us to just get there . . . bring what you need for the first night was what she said.” They both laughed at her mocking Subin’s Canadian accent until a scattered bunch of people began to board.

They entered the stretched safari jeep that was already a third of the way full. They tried to ignore the people as Monique’s round figure had trouble slipping easily down the middle of the jeep. Rory saw many faces, but tried to ignore their confused and awe struck glances. After all college students from America were something that they probably rarely saw. Even Monique had noticed the glances, especially towards Rory. They took seats towards the back. The ripped up black seats were uncomfortable and old. The dried mold and mildew seemed to cling to their backs. “Jeez, you would think that they would be grateful or at least thank us. After all we are giving up an
entire semester to help them.” “Well, Monique,” Chriz grabbed the iron pole, “it’s not like we are helping them specifically we are going to help the most troubled of my people.” Knowing another spat was about to be performed Rory changed the subject, “so I never asked you Chriz, what’s it like to be back in the homeland”? He shrugged, “I never knew much about it . . . only child in Kamala, but my parents and I left the camps when I was young. We got out and made our way to America. I was raised in America and I am an American. But everybody should visit their roots from time to time, just so happens mine are dying. I just got to provide that helping hand, and as long as I can cook and learn too then this trip was worth it.” He fell silent when the driver swung into his seat trying with difficulty to avoid taking the steps. “Welcome everybody it is a great day to be here in Lokichogio. My name is Thomas Pickerten, but everybody just calls me Toothpick”.

Monique started to laugh at this comment. “What’s so funny,” asked Rory nudging her friend who said, “give ya two guesses why!” “Is that all you ever have on your mind?” Monique didn’t respond she just giggled a little more, “We will be crossing over the border into Sudan. The first stop is the town of Torit. We will be making no stops between both destinations this is for your safety. We will drive straight through to umm . . . Qantur.” Unsure of how to grab his attention Rory raised her hand, “um . . . excuse me?” The man stopped talking, “we need to go to the refugee camp Kamala”. The look of horror that struck Toothpick’s face was priceless, “and . . . and what do you need to go over there for?” She pointed at her, Chriz and Monique “We are part of the Blessed Women of the Sacred Heart. We are aid workers. They have a bus for us in Qantur right?” Toothpick’s appearance now changed to concern, “don’t you realize the danger you are putting yourselves in”? Rory rose her hand, “trust me we have heard a months’ worth of protesting and arguments from our families. We’ve taken many classes, attended plenty of presentations, and even some survival classes . . .

we know the risks.” “DO YOU,” he yelled as if he wasn’t getting through to them. Rory sat their perplexed by the large orangutan’s sudden change of emotion. With every eye staring at her she simply replied, “Yeah . . . how exactly are we going to get to the bus? We were also promised a guide to the camp as well.”
His eyes narrowed in examination. He still looked unsure about them but after he glanced at the sun he seemed to come to his senses. “My son Anthony will escort you to the Sister’s . . . well speak of the devil, late again I see”!A man who had completely gone unnoticed marched up the steps with a large black suitcase in his hands, “sorry dad I was just stocking up the survival pack and filling out the last bit of paperwork.” The boy was young looking, too innocent to survive the harshness that land certainly required. His skin looked baked under the hot African sun giving it a bronzed look. He was older mid-twenties but by his father’s reaction to him his maturity must be younger. His father raised his finger, “if you would have packed it the night before we wouldn’t be in this mess!” He nodded silently, “now go sit down and keep a watch”. He nodded again and dropped the bag into the seat. His face rose up as he locked eyes with Rory.

His surprised look of somebody like her in this territory must have been a sight to see. He smiled until his back was turned and took a seat in front of an older woman with a flowered rag tied around her head and neck. “Wow . . . he’s really cute girl,” Rory nodded adding, “yeah, hard to believe . . . maybe this ride won’t be so long and boring after all”. “Boring,” laughed Monique, “a long drive across an African wilderness with your two best friends. What’s better than that”? “Maybe a little back seat romp with Mr. Safari there,” Chriz elbowed her adding, “am I right there Rory?” “You’re sick Chriz! Thank god food is your obsession and not sex . . . I’d probably go insane if you were hitting on me all the time.” They laughed as the driver had been talking the entire time to the group. “There are two rules on this bus. One . . . keep your hands in the jeep. Touching the wildlife or even reaching out towards anything we might come across along the way could mean disaster. The second rule is my word is law and if I ask you to do something you do it. I have traveled this land for over twenty years.” I turned to see Chriz saying “Toothpick . . . there aren’t any seat belts or anything! What happens if we are in an accident?” Toothpick stared at us again, “that . . . that’s what the survival pack is for any other questions?”

Toothpick stared at them and then quickly turned to the rest of the group, “well, I guess we will be on our way. We should be in Qantur in about eight to nine hours. First stop, Torit.” Monique crossed her arms and grumbled, “Great eight to nine hours on a bus with no bathroom.” Toothpick sat behind the wheel and they were soon on their way. The road was bumpy
and the entire luggage on the roof rattled in its place. The African landscape was breath taking and the city behind them grew more distant. The wilderness became more pronounced the farther from the city they traveled. A large giraffe lapped at some leaves. Rory pointed to it as it turned its head with a mouthful of green. “Rory,” bellowed Monique’s voice. Rory’s attention was distracted from the giraffe and she gazed at her friend. “Are you sure that the rest of our stuff is safe? You said that they are going to bring it up to the camp right?” Placing her hand on her shoulder, “relax Monique they assured me that they will bring up the rest of our stuff. They buy food in Kenya and sneak it in because the rebels take all the food that comes in.” Chriz leaned across Rory, “it’s a starvation tactic that the rebels use to encourage loyalty. Fill their bellies and control their loyalty”. Rory gave a quick, “I guess that is why they wanted us there so quick . . . more hands the better and not to be held down by our entire luggage. After all we don’t really need much. I just want to do all I can for the starving people.”

Huffing slightly Rory leaned back in her uncomfortable bus seat and stared at the golden locks of the boy that came like a mirage from out of the desolate town. She watched him stare at a small pig that dug under a large mound of dirt. “What you thinking,” Monique was grinning from ear to ear as she had been looking at her the entire time. “Nothing Monique, I am not here to meet guys. I am here to help the neediest of the needy . . . isn’t that why you’re here”? Rory’s piercing stare made Monique’s round cheeks sag, “yeah well you know why . . . I am getting my foreign language requirement out of the way 12 credit hours AND it’s the right thing to do . . . but this isn’t about me. Girl, you have been broken up from Jeff for like a year. Time for you to move on . . . spread you wing and fly”. “Bet I know where she would like to sink her claws!” “Are you giving me problems too Chriz? This is not supposed to be fun. You of all people should know that!” She prodded him in the arm, “you were the one sitting there telling us about how dangerous it was to travel out here. This was your idea! Come join the church and help out. Volunteer and give something back to people that really need it!” Chriz gave a shocked expression as he retorted “I didn’t twist your arm Rory. You need to get over Jeff and Monique is here for here selfish academic needs.” “Hey watch it sticks and bones . . . I can still reach over there and beat you broken! Rory where is the guide they are supposed to be on the bus with us?”
“I’m sure the guide will meet us in Torit. I guess I just heard Subin wrong. I’m sure everything is fine after all you both didn’t care how we were getting to the camp so I had to set everything up with Subin alone. Besides I have never been to the Sudan at least you were born here Chriz.” Chriz scoffed “it’s not like I remember much of it! All my parents talked about before I left was the dangers that the militia poses to strangers”. His head lowered, “it’s too bad you had to lie to your parents Rory”. Rory patted him on the back, “thanks but my parents would kill me if they knew I was taking this journey”. “Rory we are doing the right thing . . . your parents would be proud to know that you are giving up your time to help the truly needy.” Chriz clapped his hands sarcastically, “and the Oscar for best drama goes to . . . Monique . . . oh my god stand up take a bow!” “You’re one to talk Chriz!” Rory laughed at the two of them and knew that this was going to be a fun bus trip.

They continued to travel down the dirt road as the bareness began to enter Rory’s thoughts. The grass swayed lightly in the African breeze and several times Rory thought her African dream tried to sneak a glance towards her. The bus rumbled and sputtered as they crossed over the border into Sudan. A small shack with two dirty guards dressed in all green was the only border patrol Sudan needed. Their large pole stretched across the single dusty lane stopping only the strongest of bicycles. The guards marched around the bus before glaring at every passenger. When their eyes landed on Rory and her friends their conversation had changed. Toothpick began to ramble and raised his hands as he seemed to struggle with an explanation for them. Two guards came aboard and checked every passenger for papers making sure to triple check Rory’s. She heard one of the guards sound out the church’s name and one even muttered, “Aid workers?” After a vicious stare from the clearly higher ranking officer, they disappeared off the jeep. With a final eruption of arguments the higher ranking officer waved them through leaving every soldier glaring at Rory and her friends as they passed.

The dust rose behind them as Monique shielded her face, but Rory could already see a clear look of hostility. “Did . . . did you see that,” she said with a snap glaring at the soldiers as they grew smaller in the distance. “Oh no Monique don’t do this, don’t do this to me . . . not now you hear me?” “No did you see that?” Rory was already reaching for her hand, “please Monique you got to let it go”. “Nu uh, I gotta know,” Rory was reaching for
her arm but Monique had already shoved her way through. She made her way up the center aisle grabbing the rails with every step. “Hey pick,” she yelled with Rory pleading behind her, “Monique this is not America you can’t do things like this!” Rory watched her descend upon Toothpick, “Hey what was all the trouble? You even let them come aboard . . . search our papers.” Toothpick barked “get back to your seat miss!” Monique shook her head, “not until you answer my question!” He frowned saying, “It’s Sudan, and they can do whatever they want . . .” he paused as he slowed over a large hole in the middle of the road. He stared up at her, “You think that three adolescent Americans are going to go unnoticed or unchecked?” Rory was already grabbing her arm, “you see Monique there is nothing wrong?” Monique shook her head, “no that can’t be all that they were talking about . . . what cha all talk about?” “None of your business now get back to your seat,” Rory tugged at her arm, “come on Monique, please just sit down.”“You made it my business because guess what it’s about me, so it concerns me.” The man chortled as the bus rolled on, “you Americans and your silly pride.”

“Pride,” Monique snapped as she lost her balance a little. Toothpick’s mustache ruffled as he growled, “always got to stick your nose into business that doesn’t concern you.” “Sure looked like it concerned my friends and I!” Toothpick swerved a pot hole, “listen not that it’s any of your concern but they were talking to me about the migration and be warned of animal crossings. Now get back to your seat or I swear I will pull over and you can walk the rest of the way. I have already made my money, so what the hell do I need you for?” Rory felt hands on her shoulders. Chriz had apparently been standing behind her the whole time. He was now adding his own strength to Monique and finally she said, “Alright, alright, I’ll sit down!” Falling silent she returned to the back seat. “Why . . .

Monique . . . . you know its stuff like this that makes me not hang out with you.” Chriz readjusted himself, “yeah you’re always wondering why we are getting upset and fighting with you . . . that is the reason, ok because of that! I just hope you don’t act that way in the camp . . . remember we are doing this to do some good in the world.” “Yeah,” she said lightly, “look I’m sorry, alright guys?”

The rest of the ride went smoothly and a couple hours later they were entering the small town of Torit. They pulled up to the small police station
and the truck rumbled to a stop. Toothpick rose from his seat and gave a large stretch before bellowing, “Son, remove the people’s luggage and we will continue on the road in an hour.” He raised his hand and pointed towards Rory and her friends, “you three . . . come with me and make sure you bring your papers.” Monique’s face began to grow stern, “no, Monique. I swear to god if you . . .” raising her hand to Rory’s warning “alright, alright Rory!” They gathered their papers and left with most of the remaining pitiful occupants of this rickety jeep ride.

The police station was a nightmare. Toothpick’s comment about Americans going unnoticed was gospel truth. The officers questioned them for an entire hour and finally they returned to the bus feeling like they had taken their high school A.C.T.’s again. They huffed all they way back to their seats before double checking to see if their small amount of luggage had been returned to the top. There were three other people on the jeep, an older woman that looked as if she could not have made her way off. Her gray hair was tangled under her decaying scarf. Her darkened hand looked knotted and twisted to the point of uselessness. The other two were a set of twins that looked accustomed to this landscape. Their turbans wrapped around their heads, they were quiet and never made as much as a peep. They only time that Rory was able to distinguish any feature was when she walked past them. Their heads bent low as she passed, she decided to shrug them off as just creeps.

“Alright everybody we are going to move on. It’s a long drive totaling around six hours . . . seven if the roads are flooded. We will not be stopping so everyone must under no circumstance stick their arms outside of the jeep. We are going to be entering dangerous territory. The jeep rocked and once again Rory’s dream came walking up the steps. Golden locks and a face now hard like the African wilderness demanded. His eyes were gentle but behind hem lay a mystery still yet to be discovered. They twinkled slightly when he saw her and for the first time she noticed how different he looked from his father Toothpick.

Toothpick’s son once again took the same seat he had before as his father continued, “alright from now on there is no stopping and nobody is to leave their seat under any circumstances unless instructed by me.” Toothpick gave a weak smile and grew silent. Chriz gave a worried, “wow guess this must be really bad territory we are getting into huh?” Rory ignored him as
she watched Toothpick lean towards his son, “You didn’t forget the guns right?” His golden locks swayed with his head, but stopped midway when his father added, “both of them . . . damn it boy how could you be so stupid”! “We got one dad, that’s good . . . the rebels don’t travel this far out,” his father leaned in closer. He was scowling, “I am not entering Hyena Land during migratory season without at least two guns!” His son shook his head, “we got one the others broken remember? The rebels smashed it.” Toothpick growled waving his arm in frustration, “you should have told me about this back in Lokichogio. It’s too late now!” His father looked livid and it turned into a disgusted rage. The mark of failure clear as Toothpick sat in the driver’s seat snarling “did you at least fill up the bus with fuel or was that too difficult?” He nodded slowly, “yea dad took all they had left, only a couple dollars’ worth.” His father slammed his fist, “damn it Anthony! It’s amazing how you haven’t been picked off by a lion or a rebel by now!” He pointed at his son as he turned on the engine, “you’re a lucky man. So let’s hope your luck doesn’t run out this time”.

Toothpick’s face was red but he covered it well with his large pair of aviator sunglasses. He snarled the whole way to his seat, he glared back at his son, “Did you at LEAST pack all the bags right so they don’t fall out in the middle of Hyena Land?” “Yeah dad, look alright . . . I’m not stupid!” “Sometimes I wonder Anthony . . . I really wonder.” Rory was preparing for a long ride when a loud banging came from the side of the jeep. “Wait, wait,” came the loud voice of a woman running next to it. The woman huffed up the stairs, “thank god you didn’t leave! I saw the jeep earlier and there was nobody here, when I left for the bathroom, well . . . the rest is history.” Toothpick stared at her with confusion, “and who are you exactly?” The younger woman smiled, “yes of course. Mary Ryan from the Blessed Women of the Sacred Heart Church I am here to escort a Miss Rory Joe Hanson, Monique Crawford, and Chriz Saied to the refugee camp . . .” she stopped when she noticed the three of them in the back. Her blond hair was tied in a ponytail and looked tired. The grease seemed thick in her hair with an additional layer of dirt upon her skin making it resemble aged wax. Her blue overalls were stained with mud and even small amounts of blood.

Raising her hands, “you must be them huh?” She blew past Toothpick advancing towards them. “HEY miss,” Toothpick rose from his seat as he chased after the woman. “Hey my name is Mary Ryan Michaels and I am
your guide from the church . . . Subin told me to escort you from Lokichogio but I thought it would be easier to meet you here. I’m sorry if I scared you. I sent a telegraph but I don’t think it made it to the hotel in time.”“Miss, excuse me but this ride isn’t free and charity don’t pay the gas if . . .” she waved her hand, “oh my dear man, you know that our church has an agreement with you.” He shook his head, “that was for . . .” she waved her hands, “I am sorry, you can complain about this every time with every other aid worker but you need to get over it alright? You signed the deal with our church now move on.” “Move on,” he snapped “move on . . .

according to you I won’t be able to move on till the end of the next season!” He raised his finger, “I never should have taken that deal”! Mary Ryan lowered her head, “but your charity and willingness to give just warms my heart and helps the thousands of starving people in this troubled country.” He shook his head, “Fine, I’ll drive you, but you better,” she smiled, “believe me I understand the rules Mr. Pick. Now can we get moving? The sun is going to be setting soon, and if we keep talking we are going to be driving through the night.” Toothpick growled “I hate it when they call me Mr. Pick” and returned to his seat growling the whole way finishing with a “We’re already going to be driving through the night.”

Mary Ryan turned back to the group. She was an outdated hippy that had moved past the “days of free love” but her past was still visible. She had a peace tattoo on her wrist with a hemp necklace spelling out Blessed Heart. Groaning slightly, Rory was not interested in her former movements and more boisterous ways of getting the message of peace out to the world. However it turned out that their guide had an interesting background. A college dropout she spent three years learning about Botany, when she had heard the call and decided to join the Peace Corp. After several years in the Peace Corp she joined the church and discovered her continued love for Africa and its people. For the next hour, Rory seemed hooked on every word the woman said. It had always been Rory’s dream to travel the world. She had gotten a second chance when her former fiancé Jeff and her split a year ago. Mary Ryan had been to India, South Africa, Brazil, Ethiopia, Somalia, Egypt, and Uganda.

“I had only just gotten out of the Peace Corp like a year ago. I planned on going back but Subin told me about this aid work the church does and I just had to be a part of it. I figure I have seen the world and out in the world is
where I belong.” Rory’s eyes twinkled as she raised her hand, “Africa is my home and its people are my family.” She leaned towards them, “now you tell me what the meaning of freedom is?” Although it did not seem that Chriz and Monique were taking well to their new friend. “So what about our other stuff, you told her that we should leave it at that hotel . . . pack only the essentials.” Mary Ryan turned to Monique her yellow teeth exposed, “not me sweetie, but when we have supplies delivered. The drivers stop to refuel and gather the rest of our volunteer’s supplies at the hotel before they cross over. She laughed, “gas stations ain’t a dime a dozen around here . . . in fact in southern Sudan, you’re more likely to be run off the road by an elephant than find a gas station.” Chriz leaned across them, “is that really true?” Mary Ryan nodded, “oh yeah especially during migratory season . . . now let me start filling you in on the camp and your jobs after all we got a long way to go”.

The Sudan was the true definition of beauty. Animals wandered the open plains and the migratory season was truly upon them. The jeep rattled over the last remnants of a dirt road as they traveled deeper into the Sudan. Rory began to see Mary Ryan’s comment on the number of gas stations was true. Although there would be no cars that would even need such a useless product. Chriz began to ask about the camp but Rory’s attention was faded and soon disappeared when she saw a lion slowly slink through a set of boulders. “Wow,” she said pointing towards the rocks, “Chriz, Monique . . .

there was just a lion”! Mary Ryan stood up to gaze over them, “yeah there usually out here, they don’t travel too far into Hyena Land as a matter of fact . . .” She waved her hand forward, “couple miles down the road you’re going to start seeing only the bravest of animals.”

“Alright wait . . . Hyena Land? That name keeps coming up over and over again! What the hell is it?” Rory’s curiosity was laughed at, “oh my dear what do you think it means?” Shrugging she said sarcastically, “a land of Hyenas?” Laughing hysterically, “Oh thank god the American education system isn’t totally down the crapper . . . yes necessarily that is what it is.” She pointed to the left, “In the distance there are several clans of Hyenas that occupy this whole territory. There are so many animals that wouldn’t dare enter Hyena Land, well except maybe a rhino or elephant.” “And we are traveling through that,” Mary Ryan gave Rory a reassuring, “no we are going to be in the outer rim, so I am afraid you will not be able to visit there
today.” Unimpressed Monique said, “I thought Hyenas were small at least no bigger than that rotty my uncle had . . . mean old bitch! If I can handle her I could take one of them.” Mary Ryan shook her head in disbelief, “you could take on a one hundred a fifty pound man eating Hyena?” “A hundred a fifty pounds,” Rory shouted with a shock. Monique gulped, “did you say man eater”? Mary Ryan nodded “oh yes, Hyenas can get pretty large especially the females.” Monique shook her head, “yeah but I am sure one on one you could probably take one right?” Shaking her head again, “this is not like a dog . . . their jaws could snap bones . . . and Hyenas don’t hunt on their own they hunt with their clans and eat their prey . . . well its still alive. No human being travels into Hyena Land, no matter what protection they have. Didn’t you see the lions back there, not even an entire pride of them would dare go into Hyena Land! Hyenas are very territorial and with that many clans . . . well I give you Hyena Land!” Their questions were asked in the rate of machine gun fire. Mary Ryan had to raise her hands, “whoa, whoa, forget Hyena Land you will never go there . . . I’ve never been there myself. I don’t know anybody that has been in there. The only people that I DO know that head into that territory are the rangers. In fact there is a ranger station out there somewhere . . . only building for miles and miles”. She looked at their faces, “you know for poachers and stuff . . .” Their questions began to build again as she waved them all away, “enough alright enough, you guys need to stop. You’re never going in there nor are you going to get even close to it, so just stop asking!”

There questions continually were shot down and finally after ten minutes of defiance, they had stopped asking. The sun was setting as the barren land showed no signs of life. The grass was growing taller as the road became if possible bumpier. The jeep rocked on both sides as they turned a corner. Animals became less frequent as the grass grew even taller. Toothpick yelled loudly as the jeep made an abnormal swerve. “Check it out,” yelled Chriz raising his twig like arms towards a giraffe. The jeep had swerved dodging a giraffe whose skin was coated in red blood. “Oh my god,” yelled Monique trying to regain her balance. A group of lions were trying to take it down. Watching the lions dance on their hind legs as their claws held them in their place. The giraffe was fighting with all its strength. It was a truly strange sight, “I have never seen lions go after a giraffe before . . .” Mary Ryan finished her sentence standing and watching in utter amazement.
“They usually don’t go after them . . . you know too big . . .” the giraffe bellowed in terror. “They must be really hungry if their going after something that big!” “Mr. Pick,” Mary Ryan screamed as Rory turned to see a large gray elephant charge from the grass. Its large ivory tusks waved menacingly as Toothpick swerved the jeep smashing the right side into a small boulder. The jeep jerked to the right sending everybody sprawling onto the floor. Rory heard a loud crack and saw blood spatter the seat. The elephant roared again as the car smashed into its thrusting head. The jeep spun and landed on the side of the road.

A loud BANG came from the front of the jeep. A loud shotgun had been discharged. Rory saw the elephant roar again. The great beast turned and marched towards the horizon. The jeep sat at the side of the road with everyone knocked out of their seats. Their bodies lay scrambled throughout the jeep. Rory had to rub her head for a couple minutes before her vision began to clear. She rose from the back seat struggling slightly under the weight of a still dizzy Chriz.

She groaned as she pushed him off of her, “what’re you doing,” he said through a weak voice. Rory tried to regain her balance as she rose to her feet. She had to grab the black security cage to keep herself balanced. “Toothpick” she called out wearily. She stepped over the body of Mary Ryan who lay sprawled over the middle aisle. The jeep’s engine was now running on a slow purr and finally rumbled to a stop. Making her way through she saw the old woman had hit her head against one of the iron poles. Blood was trickling down a large gash over her forehead. Rory’s vision was still blurry but she gripped the seats tighter to hold her balance. Her hands grabbed the massive shoulders of the driver, “Toothpick” she called. She turned her head to see his son in the seat directly across the aisle. The impact of the elephant had sent his body sprawling across the jeep. He lay on the muddy floor eyes closed in almost a peaceful sleep.

“Toothpick . . . Toothpick, you pudgy loaf wake up!” Rory shook his shoulders harder as she heard in the distance the dying cry of an unknown animal. The lions had finally subdued their massive meal, “Toothpick wake up!” She shook him so violently that, he shrugged her off as if he was being awakened from a restful sleep. “Get off me,” he yelled as he shifted in his seat, “Toothpick stop playing you need to get up! We have been in an accident.” “Accident,” he said woozily as he stirred again. She watched his
eyes shoot open as he rose from his seat, “accident . . . accident?” “Yeah . . . with, with the elephant,” he ran his hand over his forehead, “elephant?” Rory watched him repeat the word several times until he stood up, “elephant . . . that, that’s right.” He turned to Rory, “Are you alright?” She nodded, “What about everybody else?” He lifted his head as he gazed around the jeep. “Go around and check on everybody,” he pushed past her as he motioned towards his son.

As Rory moved about the jeep she discovered that the old woman had been killed in the crash. Checking her pulse several times to make sure, it took Rory several minutes to accept the fact that she was dead. She stared over her, never setting her eyes upon the body of a dead person before. “Anthony,” cried Toothpick picking up his son and placing him back onto the seat. He slapped his face several times before Anthony regained consciousness. “OH thank god son, I thought that you were gone”! Rory heard Toothpick give a loud sigh of relief as Anthony ran his hand over his face. “What happened . . . I mean an elephant?” Toothpick shrugged, “Maybe we invaded its territory or got to close to its offspring? Maybe it’s thirsty . . . after all it is migration season.” Anthony shrugged rubbing his head several times, “whatever it was . . . how far are we from . . .” Toothpick groaned examining the rest of his passengers, “we’re still seventy miles away at least”.

He walked up to Rory still shocked by the dead woman, “you alright American?” She nodded stroking the large bump on her head. Toothpick clapped his hand on her shoulder, “great I need you to check the other passengers . . . oh my god!” His eyes fell on the older woman as he rushed to her side, his face fell. His attention turned from the dead woman towards the two men that sat directly across from her. “Are you both ok?” Still straitening up their coverings, Rory saw them both nod never saying a word. Rory began to slap at Chriz’s face but he didn’t stir. Toothpick moved over towards the driver’s seat and began to turn the key. The engine gave a sputter as Rory could hear her Monique beginning to wake up behind her. “Come on Chriz you got to wake up! Come on Chriz you were just up!” Rory watched her friend struggle to open his eyes as he gave a weak little squirm.

Anthony was making his way towards his father, “give it some gas!” Toothpick gave it several more tries until the engine turned over. He
slapped the wheel several times, “yes, yes, yes, yes,” he raised his hands as he stood up and clapped his son on the shoulder. “Everything is going to be alright,” Toothpick turned off the engine. “Let’s get everybody up and make sure they’re safe to travel.” Rory raised her head and watched Anthony make his way towards her. She turned her head back down to her dark skinned friend when a voice from behind her said, “is he going to be alright?” It seemed like Rory’s head had become filled with rocks. She gazed up and saw the young face of Anthony and she quickly turned away, “yeah he’ll be alright once he starts moving around. So, is the jeep going to be able to make it to Qantur? I really hope that we aren’t trapped out here.” She saw him give a little smile as his hand ran through his hair, “oh I am not the worried. She is a tough old bitch . . . the jeep.”

Anthony bent down and helped Mary Ryan back to her seat. She slumped in it and seemed to fall deeper into her unconscious state. He laughed as he shook Mary Ryan’s head, “this one wouldn’t last a day out here if not for that camp and the supplies. You know it’s truly a great thing that you guys intend on doing. I’m sure many of you Americans are against coming out here?” Chriz stirred in his seat as Rory turned towards Anthony. She had to talk. It seemed that talking was the only thing keeping the shock from taking over. She focused on his eyes. His sparkling blue eyes that twinkled in the oncoming night, “it’s so beautiful out here. I want to go out, camp, stare up at the stars.” Anthony laughed shaking his head, “you Americans, always want to see the sights. You would be killed if you stepped out there.” Rory smiled and gave a little, “well I am sure you would be great protection.” Anthony turned his head and became more focused on Mary Ryan than before. “Well even I couldn’t protect you from what lies out there in Hyena Land.” He stood up as he motioned towards the darkening landscape, “out there are clans of Hyenas that move through the migrations like locusts.”

“SON,” yelled Toothpick at the top of his lungs. Anthony gave a smile and turned to his father. Rory saw the smile melt like ice cream in the desert. He turned back to Rory, fear set in his eyes, “you need to get down and hide!” “What . . . what is it,” Anthony was pushing her down behind the seat, “get your friends down too!” He began to run down the aisle as Rory saw a pair of headlights heading their way. “What is it,” she yelled one more time, “get them all down and don’t say a word!” Rory stood there
perplexed at Toothpick’s pleas. “What is it . . .” the lights grew closer towards the jeep as Anthony gave a final, “Do it now!” Grabbing Chriz she pulled him down between the seats and made sure Monique’s now unconscious body made her way to the floor too. She lay still unable to move or even open her eyes. Rory heard the vehicle stop as she leaned out from between the seats. Toothpick exited the jeep and Anthony was searching the floor for a mysterious item. She heard him muttering, “Where is it?” The only other people on the jeep wrapped their head dresses around their faces tighter each looking more like the invisible man.

The men that emerged from the jeeps spoke in Sudanese and Toothpick sounded terrified. The muttering began to grow wilder as Rory dared to take another glance. She rose over the seat as Chriz still stirred as if he was merely dreaming. The words were loud as the snapping of gun chambers could be heard. Toothpick had changed languages in a flash. “No, you can’t go up there,” the jeep rocked as footsteps could be heard closing in. Anthony began to speak but the Sudanese language seemed complicated.

Chriz gave a stir as Rory put her hand over his mouth. His eyes flickered as they opened slightly. The footsteps had stopped as somebody started yelling in utter terror, “please . . . no, no, NO!” Another voice was yelling out in Sudanese but when the jeep began to rock violently the other man was heard repeating the same terrible plea “no, NO!” Their screams sent a chill through Rory’s veins as they were dragged away from the jeep. The jeep rocked again as Rory began to whimper to herself in terror. Something was wrong. The footsteps were growing closer again as their prisoners protested in the night. The conversation between the men grew more frantic and the jeep rocked more violently. She watched the man’s shadow as he grabbed at Mary Ryan. He examined her face as his machine gun fell to his side. He was across from her and Chriz’s legs stuck out. This was it, and they were going to be caught for sure. She bit her nails as her eyes moved in terror to Chriz’s mud covered boots and then to the man examining Mary Ryan’s greasy face. His head shot up as he screamed out to his comrades, his arm raised and pointed over his shoulder.

When he turned back was the moment Rory’s heart popped like a balloon. It deflated and withered as the man’s eyes widened. It must have been a strange sight to see a white college girl clutching, a dark skinned man halfway underneath the seats. The man raised his gun as his sideways
baseball hat was covered in mud. He had a dust covered red bandanna around his neck as his ratty clothes looked like hand me downs from the Salvation Army, his shirt read, Where’s the Beef? His machine gun was pointing directly at her. She didn’t understand him but his actions told her his wishes. He yelled louder as she nodded her head in compliance. Tears fell down her cheeks as Rory nodded continuously, “I’m getting up. I’m getting up!” She raised her hands in the air as she maneuvered her way out of the seat. The man was as dark as the very night. His hat had the Atlanta Braves logo on it. He watched her head down the jeep as Rory heard his excited shouts.

Rory tried to ignore them but she saw the two mystery men kneeling on the ground with two armed men standing in front of them. Distracted by Anthony, who had taken a spot next to her gazed at her with concern. He must have seen her tears but their moment was lost when one of their captures came forward. He had a large round face which matched his round body. His clothes seemed on the verge of bursting as he made his way towards them. The man’s mustache rose to reveal a tiny mouth, he spoke waving the gun violently at her. Shaking her head, “I don’t know what you want!” The man shouted at her again, but when a loud moan came from the back of the truck she turned to notice Chriz being dragged off the jeep. Still groggy and barely conscious his body was tossed on the ground next to her. She turned to Anthony, “What are they saying?” Her sentence was attacked by one of the guards knocking her in the side of the head with his gun. She felt her head almost snap as the world seemed to turn upside down for a second.

It seemed hours before she woke up and the second of blinding light that came when her vision returned made her face fall when she realized morning had not come. Her hands had been tied as she was being lifted back up. She could feel a mist in the Sudanese air, it sprinkled on her face. Her eyes were blurry and as they became clear she realized a man was yelling in her face. Dressed in the similar green soldier uniform he also sported a red beret and chewed on a cigar. She was on her knees as she closed her eyes from the spit shower. A violent tug of her hair forced her head back as she saw the man continuing to yell. He waved his pistol as she turned to see Chriz being beaten by the larger of the guards. The dust was
kicked into the air harshly as Monique screamed at Rory’s first captor, who was loading up her round figure into the back of their jeep.

“What the hell are you doing? I am an American citizen! I have a name Mon . . .” Rory yelled, “MONIQUE”! Toothpick came forward as the man in front of Rory moved towards him. Their language was nothing more than a loud garble of noise. “NO,” yelled Toothpick, “Dad,” yelled Anthony, “Stay back Anthony! Rory . . . is it? Don’t worry everything is going to be fine.” Walking closer to the man, Toothpick had his hands raised. He seemed to be talking slower as the soldier removed his pistol. Rory saw that the two mystery men were still tied on their knees. Heads bent low, their faces lay in the shadows. Horror struck she saw the man with the pistol advanced towards the first man. Sound had become dull like a soft wind, she watched almost in slow motion. The chamber slid back with a loud snap as the man’s head popped like a large zit. Blood splattered over the other man as Rory screamed in horror. Toothpick leapt forward, “you don’t need to . . .” but the pistol pointed to him. Toothpick was a round figure with an exterior as rugged as the Sudanese landscape even until the very end. He took three bullets before his arms went for the man’s throat. The life left his eyes before his hands released from around the soldier’s neck. Toothpick slid off the soldier and fell to the ground. His final breaths were taken mid-freefall and he landed in a heap on the ground.

Anthony moved towards his father tears in his eyes but with a quick jab of the soldier’s pistol Anthony fell backwards as blood ran from his nose. The soldier chewed his cigar as he laughed moving towards the other kneeling dark man. The pistol went into his forehead. The back of his skull blew out as the man fell to the side. His mouth still slightly twitching as Rory turned feeling her head begin to shake violently pleading “no, no, no, I don’t want to die!” The man chewed his cigar more as he moved towards Rory his pistol raised, “please you don’t have to do this!” Her eyes filled with tears, “we just wanted to help . . . do some good! We’re missionaries!” His gun was cold despite the dry heat which cursed the landscape. Death’s icy breath was on the back of her neck, his hand rested on her shoulder as she could almost her his raggedy breathing in her ear.

A shouting came from the only soldier without a uniform. His Braves hat flew off his head as he pointed and yelled furiously at the higher ranking officer. The pistol was removed and the two soldiers began to argue more.
Rory cried as she felt Death’s hand tremble. He seemed confused with the denial for her innocent soul. The soldiers argued as Anthony was clenching his still bloody nose, “don’t kill me,” Rory whispered again. A violent grasp of her hair again and she realized that she was being pulled to her feet. Her legs were weak as the man was dragging her to the jeep, “no, PLEASE NO!” She screamed as she tried to resist, but the pistol collided with her forehead and lights were once again blown out.

The ground was rumbling beneath her as her head vibrated on a smooth surface. Her eyes had become blurry once again and she opened them with several flickers. She realized that the ground wasn’t moving, beneath her, she was moving. It took a shake of her head to realize that she was in the back of a jeep. The guard with the pistol sat in the back with her smoking on a brand new cigar. His small mustache held a small desert within it. He showed no remorse as he chewed on the end again. He shook the ashes out on her and laughed hysterically. Monique lay quiet and Rory saw that she had a swollen eye. She had finally said too much, tears left Rory’s eyes as she remembered a life that was as distant as their home.

It was just last summer when Monique was dating Darrell. She pined over his loss despite her many rants on “hatin Darrell”. Darrell had driven her insane, but it was her comment that sent Monique over the edge. “Jeez, Monique one day your gunna meet a guy that isn’t gunna take your personality, then what will you do?” The bitterness of the comment still haunted her to this day. It was the sliver in their friendship. Shaking her head at the irony, she wished she could remember what laughter was like. To smile widely knowing that she had finally met her match. She sat there whimpering with both hands tied behind her back. Nothing more to say, she had no smart remark. Monique had finally met her match. The lack of power is what must have bothered her the most. Chriz had been beaten almost unrecognizable. He lay wheezing with blood still trickling down his face. The guard gazed through the divider flap arguing with the driver and passenger.

She raised her head slightly as she saw to her surprise that Anthony was lying next to her. His lips pursed in a silent, “shh,” as she gazed down to see his bound legs running across one of the guard rails. His eyes darted from the guard to his bindings. The guard was too busy gloating over his prizes. He leaned back as he puffed on his cigar. He smugly smoked over them as
Anthony just gave a sarcastic smile as his legs worked silently underneath him. Anthony worked with such skill that the binds cut into frays and soon snapped under him. The metal piece had completed its secret mission. His legs were free from his constraints. He gazed up at the guard, who just smiled like a clueless idiot. He turned his head and began to jovially yell at the driver and passenger again.

Anthony was staring at her. Rory gave a confused shake of her head. He motioned his head around as if trying to tell her something. Her confused expression made Anthony bite his lip in frustration. His face had dark muddy spots. He started motioning his mouth like talking and then motioned his head towards his feet. He then motioned his head towards the opening in the jeep. She shook her head again. Anthony gave up and stared around the jeep. He turned back to Rory and gave her a swift kick to the shin.

“OW, that . . .” the dark skinned man dropped his cigar in his haste. He pounced on Rory and seized her hair. Rory screamed in pain, “let me go”! The guard’s red beret fell off his head, “Az et Utka!” The guard turned to Anthony whose free boot collided with his face. He stumbled backwards, he didn’t even scream as he tumbled over Rory and Monique’s body. His gun fell on top of the unconscious Chriz and the guard was gone from the jeep. A set of hands slammed down onto her chest as Anthony shook his head. He waited for something, but the truck rumbled as the soldiers upfront talked loudly clearly too deep in their conversation.

Anthony rolled over to her and whispered, “Untie me”! Rory’s fingers were hard to move as her wrists were bound tight like a tourniquet. Her hands trembled as she fumbled with the lashings. “Hurry,” his urgent voice had a plea in it as the jeep continued to rumble over the landscape. “I’m trying,” she snapped back, her fingers shook so much she couldn’t work her finger through the tight knot. The binding at her wrist made her fingers difficult to move. “Hurr . . .” she cut him off midway “I know alright, I know . . .” her panic seemed to be getting the best of her. “Please,” she whispered as her fingers found a small opening. The bindings soon fell like a handful of dead garden snakes. Anthony stretched his hands as he slowly got to his feet and began to untie Rory. He held his finger to his lips as her bindings came off much faster than his. Monique was soon freed and Chriz was slowly brought back to consciousness. “How are we going to get out,”
Rory whispered to Anthony, but he gave a relieved smile, “tuck and roll . . . I’ll take your friend”. She shook her head repeating, “Tuck and roll, tuck and roll.” Anthony’s hands pushed her in the shoulders and she tumbled over the back. She fell into tall grass as her impact was less painful than she thought. She had mere seconds to raise her head as she saw Monique fall out of the back with Anthony following, now clutching a semi-conscious Chriz. His skinny arms looked like the sausage you would see hanging in a sandwich deli. Anthony took the fall hard landing on his arm. He grumbled as he stood still holding Chriz who groaned in even more pain. “Quiet,” Anthony said shuffling Chriz’s arm around him.

Rory rubbed the throbbing pain which ached in her arm and back. After all how does one practice jumping out of the back of a moving jeep? Monique got up from behind an overturned log. Her curled hair tangled with grass wordlessly complaining the entire time. Ignoring Monique’s complaints she ran up to Anthony, “Anthony,” groaning slightly under Chriz’s weight, he gave a harsh, “well you gunna help?” Rory grabbed at Chriz, “How long do you think we have before they discover we are . . .” incapable of finishing her sentence for the sound of gunfire could be seen directly in front of her. Rory’s fear matched the wide eyed horror that Anthony exhibited. He turned his head and saw that the jeep had come to a screeching halt. “We got to move . . . now,” he grabbed Chriz tighter and moved into the grass. He turned back to her, “I would suggest coming with me if you plan on living tonight.” He gave her one final look and disappeared into the grass as fast as he could dragging Chriz with him. Monique pushed Rory into the field without even letting her turn around.

The grass swallowed them all and soon they disappeared into the night. A machine gun went off again and began moving towards the reversing jeep. Chriz began to cough as Anthony placed him down on the ground, “we can’t stop now,” cried Monique. Anthony placed Chriz down in the grass, he pointed to Monique, “Watch him, if I don’t come back . . . run.” He finished in a defeated whisper as he began his way back towards the soldiers. Grabbing his arm Rory asked, “Where are you going?” Anthony squeezed her hand, “I’m going to go check it out, stay here with your friends. Don’t worry I’ll come back.” Rory shook her head, “no, I want to go with you,” he gave her a mournful, “no . . . no, you better stay here and take care of your friends”. He turned and began to leave, but once again she
grabbed his arm, “please, I want to go”. He looked at Monique and then back at the jeep, he rolled his head, “alright.” He grabbed her hand, “stay right here,” he repeated to Monique and soon dragging Rory back the way they came. Her brain pleaded with her to run the opposite direction. It seemed to stomp on its imaginary little feet throwing a tantrum like a child would.

Fighting it was pointless as her curiosity acted like the parent and seemed to be dragging her towards the danger. Her brain cried every step she took, “stop,” it repeated several times before it became too late. Anthony was already dragging her to her knees. The jolt from his tug nearly knocked the wind out of her again. He pulled her to the ground with a finger to his lips. They crouched in a large tangle of grass arriving just on time. The two men from the jeep approached the one that had been thrown from the back. They began in an eruption of conversation. Rory whispered, “What are they saying?” Anthony turned to her and sarcastically whispered, “Would you like a word for word translation too?”

They watched them argue for several minutes Anthony tried to speak every line to her. She watched the three men argue and exchange several shots wildly into the air. Her attention was undivided until a hand grasped her shoulder, “we need to get out of here . . .” his eyes widened, “now!” He backed away making sure to cling tightly to Rory’s hand. He placed his finger to his lips as they crept through the tall grass. It only took them a few seconds to reach Monique stroking Chriz’s skinny arms. “Monique,” whispered Rory taking Monique by the shoulder. “We got to go Monique” Anthony was grabbing Chriz and soon the group disappeared deeper into the grass.

Anthony dragged Chriz’s limp body for what seemed like miles. The stars now twinkled above them as time seemed to stop. Anthony laid Chriz down with several shallow breaths. Clearly winded he prepared to sit next to him, his face coated with sweat. “Are we safe,” asked Monique in a curious tone. Rory turned her head, she knew that tone and she had seen it before. Her body felt tired. The strength that she was going to require would not be enough. Based on the current situation at hand, it would come at a price that she didn’t want to pay. Anthony answered unaware like a man about to be stabbed in the back. “Yeah, we should be for now, but we are going to have
to keep moving.” Anthony motioned to enjoy a much needed break before he was pushed backwards by a jabbing finger.

“You want to tell me what the hell is going on around here!” Anthony looked surprised and a little caught off guard as his eyes widened in slight horror. “One minute we’re safely on our way to the refugee camp, the next minute we are being dragged away by soldiers and Chriz is beaten into a coma . . . wakes up and then you knock him back out with our little escape plan! So you better be coming up with some answers quick!” Anthony looked to Rory with disbelief clearly etched in his face, “Monique maybe we should just continue to . . .” “No,” said Monique louder than she should have, “Monique you need to be quiet!” “Fine Rory,” she snapped as she returned to Anthony, “Start talking!” Anthony shrugged, “I don’t know it’s too much to explain to an American.” “We’ll we made it all the way here, I think we can manage boy!” Rory watched Anthony run his hands through his curly blond hair, his face splattered with dirt. “About a year ago there was this war going on . . .” “War,” whispered Monique. She said it with such anger it seemed to flare out of her. “Well that is all the answer I need,” she turned to Rory, Rory regretted saying, “Need for what?” “You know what girl,” Monique descended upon her. Her fist swung and collided with Rory’s head. Bells rang in her head as Monique became the size of a marshmallow man.

She prepared for another blow that never came. A figure had grabbed Monique and was currently wrestling with her. If Rory’s vision never came back she would have to guess that a black bear was fighting a large brown paper bag. She rubbed the growing bump on her head, when her vision came back Monique and Anthony’s voices were becoming more audible. “I told you there is no time for that! If you want information that is fine but we need to keep moving.” Rory glared at her, “Jesus . . . Monique what the hell was that for?” “You,” she snapped, “How could you and that dumb traveling consultant Subin not know there is a civil war going on?” “There is a peace agreement between the rebels and the government. Sudan is considered safe to travel in again.” “Ha,” laughed Anthony whispering his sarcasm “Sudan is never safe to travel in.” Monique started to glare again at Rory, “especially during a time of civil war too.” “This is Sudan Americans . . . there is always civil war.” “So they were soldiers,” Anthony shrugged at Monique, “if you want to call them that.” Monique crossed her
arms, “so keep on explaining.” “They were pursuing some hired mercenaries coming into the country . . . those two men on the jeep were those mercenaries.” Monique looked confused, “so that’s why they killed them?” “Are all Americans this slow,” “I’m not slow you idiot!” “Yeah well it doesn’t take a person with an American brain to know that white girls bring in a hefty ransom. My father died trying to save you . . . all three of you!”

“Yeah well I ain’t white, so what exactly is their problem with me?” “Monique” shouted Rory. Raising her hand to her, “no disrespect but you are about two words from getting a royal Memphis ass whooping.” “Anthony included,” Rory mocked, “Rory your lucky I ain’t kicking the shit out of you for getting us into this mess!” Clenching her chest as the air seemed to have been sucked out of her, “my mess?” “Yeah, so EXCUSE ME if I can’t be all relaxed in my worn out overalls, some people want to know, why me?” Anthony snorted, “Isn’t that the attitude of all Americans?” “Yeah well bad mouth it one more time and this American fist is gunna,” she stormed towards Anthony who seemed to be taken aback from her hostility. Her hands went for his throat, “tell me you puke!” Anthony shoved her away “fine . . . just . . . get . . . off . . . of me . . . stupid . . . American!”

He pushed her away and gathered himself together, “They were going to use you alright.” Monique had just stopped her fist, which would normally be covered with a large amount of tacky silver rings. Her face contorted in confusion, “use me?” His face spoke the horrific truth, but Monique didn’t seem to catch on, “What are you talking about?” “This . . . this is why my father and I left America.” They argued for several more minutes until Rory glanced at the horizon, “I just hope Mary Ryan is alright.” Her eyes widened, “quiet,” she rushed over to the both of them. “Stop, stop . . .” she held them both. Anthony’s eyes became wide too as he gazed over her shoulder, “you fool,” he said to her. “Your shouting has brought them right to us!” Monique raised her hands but Anthony and Rory tackled her to ground. Anthony had her in almost a large bear hug as Rory placed her hand over her mouth. “I’m sorry,” she mouthed to her but soon a light burst from over the grass.

The large headlights from the jeep were now searching the surrounding area. Rory whispered, “Be quiet Monique!” The jeep rumbled to a halt forty
yards away from them. The lights scanned the grass as they all huddled on the ground. One of the men was shouting loudly as a machine gun fired wildly. Anthony did not jump, he held Monique tightly who now realized the trouble they were in. Anthony’s stillness seemed to calm Rory, although lying to herself was hard. The soldier’s machine guns seemed mere inches away from her going off like fireworks at a Fourth of July celebration. One of the men shouted one more time and then the jeep doors slammed. The jeep began to rumble as Anthony released Monique and gazed over the tall grass. Anthony whispered, “They’re leaving.” Rory raised her head and saw the jeep with every spotlight on searching the area for them. “They’ll be back,” Anthony stood up and reached to pick up Chriz.

Rory walked over to help him wrap Chriz’s arm around his neck, “And you’re going for this?” Rory shook her head at Monique, “you’re just going to have to deal with it alright, so stop your bitchin and complaining and help us!” Monique looked shocked as her chubby cheeks seemed to bulge slightly. Rory didn’t even ask. She just followed Anthony as he huffed with the first stride. Rory knew Monique was watching them and her perplexed manner could be something to laugh about later. The grass folded beneath them as Monique whispered loudly, “can I at least know where it is we are going?”

The Sudanese landscape was peaceful and when the rumble of the jeep finally died the night become rather still. The insects began to sing as the grass crunched beneath them. Monique was well behind them, “so where are we going?” Anthony’s eyes met with hers as sweat ran lightly off his bronzed skin. Being in the sun all day had given his skin a crisp look. He motioned his head, “couple miles in there is a ranger station . . . only one in the area. There is usually somebody there from the international community but at this time of the year it might just provide shelter. If we are going to survive out here that station is where we should head, so that’s were we are going.” “Don’t you think we should head more towards the jeep, I mean I don’t live out here or anything but wouldn’t that be common sense?” The sarcastic bitterness that spat out Monique’s mouth seemed to form into daggers that Anthony just deflected like nothing more than pesky flies. “Too far and too dangerous, we are closer to the station.” “How do you know that we are even going the right direction? And it smells like straight
ass out here!” Rory actually chuckled when he whispered, “doesn’t she ever shut her mouth?”

“What was that . . . got something to say . . . that’s what I thought you’re too busy getting us lost out here in the middle of nowhere . . . and what the hell is that smell!” He stopped and turned around, “I’m sorry I’m too busy trying to save you from being a slave . . . her from being ransomed . . .

probably killed, and your unconscious buddy here from being killed. But if you want to by all means complain the whole time, now if you don’t mind I would like to live and not draw the rebels to us again ok? And for the record that smell IS straight ass!” Anthony could have let out steam in his anger, but Monique had finally been silenced. She stared stupidly at him as she blinked several times, “Hyenas mark their territory with their anal glands that is what you’re smelling. And we are not lost we’re just following that star ok? If you have any more comments consider my knowledge as nothing more than a professional acquirement.” He turned with Rory and they dragged Chriz away leaving Monique to ponder on the spot. She stood there like a cat lost in the middle of a large field.

Monique followed them without muttering a word. It was the first time that Rory had ever heard anybody silence Monique. Her own father had problems trying to keep her quiet. He had freaked the moment that she came home with her hair beads in. She had told her over lunch, how he threatened to disown her. “He just playing,” she remarked laughing it up. Monique’s father hated the choices that she was making and after her and her boyfriend got pulled over for drugs. It took a whole week before Rory believed her best friend’s pleas of “I didn’t even know drugs were in Darrell’s car!” But what sold Rory was her determined persistence of not seeing Darrell despite his numerous and often embarrassing attempts to do so.

She remembered the fireflies of Memphis as they danced in her backyard fluttering through the grass. Her bloodhound name Buster chasing them with half hearted bellows of frustration. She could almost hear him prancing through the grass as the darkness surrounded her eyes. Tears almost came to her as she thought about how she sat on the porch watching the fireflies dance in routine of the finest ballet.

She opened her eyes and felt a jubilation that she didn’t think she would ever feel again. The weight of Chriz seemed to have been lifted as she
almost froze in her place. She watched the fireflies moving side to side through the grass just like at home. They reflected brightly in the darkness, soon more fireflies appeared, and then more always flying in pairs. Rory began to glance around them and notice that the grass contained many fireflies and they were all surrounding them as if watching them. “Anthony,” whispered Rory as if entranced by them, “I know, don’t look at them and just keep moving”. She grunted as she watched the balls of light bounce between the blades. But it wasn’t the lights that made her skin suddenly cold. The blades of grass were moving. They swayed as if a light breeze was being blown over the eerily silent night.

Stopping in her tracks, Chriz slid from her shoulders, “what was that?” Monique pushed past Rory clearly oblivious to her surroundings. This didn’t surprise Rory, after all Monique was the kind of person to only see what only affected her. However her world was unable see the danger that was lurking around them. Her world didn’t hear the cackling in the night. She shoved Rory knocking Chriz to the ground. Anthony was out of breath. “We need to keep going, fast!” The cackling began to grow louder as a branch snapped in the distance. Monique had stopped in her track, “Rory,” she whispered. She turned her head to Rory, her eyes were wide in terror “there . . . there’s something in front of us.”

A dark shadow ran through the grass, it was the size of a large dog. The laughter grew louder and soon multiplied. “What is that,” Anthony tried to pick up Chriz, “we need to get out of here or we’re going to die!” The laughter grew louder as the rustling grew more visible. “What the hell is out there,” yelled Monique, who was now grabbing at her shirt as the laughter, grew into a whooping. “Hyenas,” whispered Anthony, “Hyenas,” Monique shrieked. The fear seemed to radiate off of her like a stone giving off heat on a hot day. Rory grabbed Chriz, “Chriz, you need to wake up!” She began to slap his face as Anthony tried to lift him. He seemed weak and tired. The lifting of a malnourished boy should be an easy task. The cackling grew louder, “how much further is the ranger station?” Rory’s question became inaudible as the rustling of the grass seemed to be growing closer.

“They’re closing in, we need to keep moving,” Anthony grabbed Chriz and began dragging his unconscious body faster. The bruises on his face seemed on the verge of erupting, “you’re a man of the wilderness can’t you like whip up a fire really quick!” Anthony dragged Chriz past Monique,
who grabbed his hand in protest, “no you can’t go out there.” “It’s fine if we keep moving they won’t attack us if we’re in a group . . . probably?” “Probably . . . how many are out there” shouted Monique, who gave a squeak and followed behind them. “You don’t want to know, now move!” Rory tried helping with Chriz, but Anthony was panicked as he continued to move frantically. “We just need to get to the station before they start testing us,” Rory started to ramble loudly trying to silence the whooping in the night, “If we’re so far let’s just make a fire that’ll scare them off!” Anthony dropped Chriz and pushed them forward. “Fire won’t work! We’re running out of time!” The shadows’ of the creatures were circling around them as their eyes grew bigger the closer they came. Anthony pushed Monique, who turned in horror, “RUN,” he screamed and then to Rory, “GO!”

Rory turned and there emerging through a bald section of grass emerged a creature that she had only read about in an animal book. Three of them came forward slightly tripping over themselves. They made their way to the unconscious Chriz. Anthony grabbed her arm, “leave him!” Rory threw off his hand, “you monster . . . get back!” Rory came forward but the hyenas were larger than she expected. They were larger than a rottweiler and they snapped trying to grab at Chriz. They dove for the chest as another lunged from the bushes gripping onto his face. Chriz was struggling to fight but it was in vain. More hyenas emerged from the grass, Anthony grabbed her arm, “We got to go, we can’t help him!” He turned and began to dart through the grass. Rory knew she had to follow him. Bones were snapping as she turned in horror her attention faltered and “shit!” She tripped over a gnarled branch. She turned back and noticed a hyena licking his lips at her. She crawled backwards, “NO,” she cried as it advanced towards her snapping at her flaying kicks. Its drool showered the air as her foot collided with the side of its face. The hyena looked unaffected. She raised her foot back and tried to scramble to her feet. She kicked at it again, but the brown blur was too quick and its jaws locked on her foot.

She screamed loudly as the hyena began to drag her backwards. She saw the other hyenas tearing at Chriz who was raising his bloody hand in the air drowning under a sea of brown spotted fur and cackling laughter. “Help me,” she screamed reaching into the dirt, her nails dug into it as she was dragged several feet. She tried to roll her foot around but something had snatched her wrists. It was Monique and Anthony. Anthony gave a
roundhouse kick to the hyena’s face. It released with a snarl of minor annoyance. Its eyes gazed at him as Monique pulled her back. Anthony helped her up with a panicked jolt and soon they were running through the grass. The pain in Rory’s foot was like a lightning bolt, she howled as she turned around. The hyena was chasing them, snapping at every chance, “hurry,” she cried. The hyena dripped her own blood as she saw it take an almost playful snap at her. However the bite was anything but playful. Her calf shredded like cheese as she screamed loudly. Anthony gave it a quick kick and then another. The hyena backed away when one of its brothers bit it from behind. With the distraction they fled as fast as they could. The only music for their escape was laughing and the cracking of bones. With every painful stride they made the terrifying sounds grew fainter in the distance.

The laughter died and the pain was unbearable. Rory was wincing with every stride. They hobbled for miles, the pain stung as she asked, “How much further”? She felt herself growing weaker, “just a little further Americans.” “A little further,” whimpered Monique, “we need to get Rory to a hospital.” “It’s just up ahead around this bend,” Monique sounded scared and looked as if she was about to faint under the growing strain of her weight. Rory had lost track of time and even a part her very being. She felt her body give out as if it had given up. “I see it,” cried Monique as Rory lifted her head weakly. Her vision began to grow hazy as the pain in her leg began to ebb away. Her body seemed to be floating and the voices of her companions seemed to die away. The station was small and constructed only for a temporary ranger. Far behind it a little shed stood with its roof collapsed within itself. They walked up to the door and tried to gain entrance to their salvation. Anthony kicked the door several times but his strength had disappeared. His breathing became heavier as he shifted Rory on his shoulders. He motioned towards the window and raised his elbow smashing the glass in one blow.

The station looked abandoned and forgotten with a stench of stale air and sweat. The CB radio looked like something that belonged in a historical museum. There was a wooden desk and a cot that looked like it was once used in World War Two. The room was barren except for a few maps and books with a small closet in the back. They dragged Rory over to the cot which gave off a rusted creaking, “Close that door and make sure you lock it!” Anthony was straightening her out as Monique was slamming the door
shut. “We need to find a first aid kit,” Monique was panting as she began to search around the room. Making her way to the closet she pulled it open, “got one, got one!” She pulled out a rusted tin box and rushed to Anthony’s side. She fumbled with the latch as her hand shook. Blood covered the once dusty bed and began to soak through the mattress.

Rory groaned with pain as Anthony began to cut open her jeans with the sticky pair of medical scissors that had come in the kit. His hands were quite steady, despite Monique sniveling over his left shoulder. The jeans took at least ten minutes to separate from her leg. The wound was deep and Anthony tried to hide his concern. “You’re going to be fine,” Rory gave a pained laugh, “fine he says.” Her arms covered her face as Anthony searched through the first aid kit. “Yah,” he said trying to add laughter to his shaking voice. “This is Sudan, this is merely a flesh wound . . . a, oh Christ what do you call them,” he pulled out a small package containing black string, a white package, and some gauze, “a booboo?” Rory actually began to laugh as Monique just gave a weak smile. It was surprising how gentle Anthony was as he wiped away the dried blood and began to clean the wound as best he could. He dabbed lightly at it as the scent of stale alcohol drowned out the smell of blood. “Talk to me,” cried Rory as he blew lightly on it like a mother soothing the wound of a small child. “What do you want to talk about?” His question was left unanswered as he returned to the wound, “Why . . . why wouldn’t you light a fire out there? You told me that it wouldn’t work. You left Chriz to die. Tell me, why Monique and I shouldn’t . . .” “It wouldn’t have worked! Hyenas aren’t that scared of fire like normal animals, besides there were more then twenty of them. They were going to kill us all, didn’t . . . didn’t you hear that fast whooping sound they were making? They were telling the clan to attack . . .

that laughing . . . that laughing meant they were nervous about us. I’m sorry, I’m truly sorry. We did all we could for him. He was dying anyway . . . we’ve all lost somebody we love . . . but my dad always said dead men don’t weep. There will be a time for my pain and yours but its not here, not now.” He gave mournful nod as he scraped off a chunk of dried blood. She winched trying to push Chriz out of her mind, “Why . . . ouch, doesn’t fire scare all animals?”

He hesitated as he grabbed a clean piece of gauze and sprinkled some alcohol on it. “With most animals yes, but hyenas . . . no,” removing her
arm from over her eyes she raised up from the bed. “I can’t believe that! Fire doesn’t scare them?” He shook his head, “there were some villagers about a season ago, they were out here poaching . . . my dad and I thought. They must’ve gotten lost out there in . . . in Hyena Land. They set up camp and lit a huge fire.” Monique turned from them both as she cried softly into her hands.

Pulling out the small plastic case, he removed the needle, “what happened to them, the villagers?” “This is Hyena Land, and the hyenas came into their camp. Crushed one of their faces and suffocated another one.” “How do you know that it even happened,” he raised his blue eyes and gave an almost pitying look. “My father and I were hired to track them down, all we found was their carcasses . . . picked completely clean, you see hyenas, hyenas eat their prey alive . . . now, this is going to hurt.” Putting her arm across her eyes, “just do it,” she heard him sigh and began to thread the needle. “What is this Hyena Land you keep talking about?” Rory clenched her teeth as her leg grew stiffer. She thought about her uncle’s house, where she used to spend her summers. The simple pleasures of a starry sky over the herd in the pasture as they grazed almost lazily, followed by the pain from a sharp set of teeth as it began to feel all too real again. She opened her eyes, “there used to be many animals in this stretch of land but overtime many of the herds moved on . . . even the lions won’t enter these parts”. “And you think it’s because of the hyenas,” he chuckled, “there are a lot of them or could you not tell? You got to remember we only saw a very small percentage of them.” Almost forgetting about Monique, but her presence wouldn’t soon be forgotten when she returned from her crying. “Look I don’t want to spoil the love connection here, but won’t those soldiers come here and check on this station. After all it’s the ONLY thing out here!” Anthony pulled at the thread, “that could occur, but we’re far into the interior, I doubt they will come this far. I suspect they will go back to the jeep . . . wait for us there.” Monique growled with a boiling anger “you don’t think they will come this far?” “I’m kind of busy here loudmouth, why don’t you go and keep watch”. “Loud mouth, loudmouth . . . I’ll show you loud mouth,” removing her arm with a snap Rory yelled, “Monique for once in our friendship will you shut the hell up! I’m sorry that you’re in this mess, but your attitude for once is not going to solve anything. And when I mean once I am being sarcastic”!
Monique looked hurt. The boiling rage had been set on cool, and she nodded her head “aight . . . aight.” And that was it, Rory sighed in a temporary relief. She gazed out the window trying to mask the pain of Anthony’s stitching. The pain intensified and she knew it wouldn’t be ebbed by the Sudanese landscape. Rory knew Monique had her attention squarely focused on them and waiting, waiting for the opportune moment to strike. Monique loved her but their friendship was more like a marriage, a marriage that she never said “I do” too. Anthony watched Monique brooding in the corner as he motioned towards her, “she always like that?” Rory sniggered and gave a quick little nod, “since the day I met her . . . since the day I met her”.

He shook his head and smiled returning to his work. “So how do American girls exactly get out here,” “the real question is why we came out here . . . huh Rory?” Monique’s comment made them shake their head in unison. She sniffled as a tear fell from her eye, “our, our friend . . .” she pointed out the door unable to speak his name. “He has family back home and here still . . . what are we going to tell his dad . . . his mom?” She drifted off as the guilt of letting his memory go seemed to squeeze her stomach to the point of nausea. “He was a good man Rory and he didn’t deserve to die like that! They beat him and never gave him a chance to recover . . . to fight them off.”

Monique’s words seemed to say it all. “So why did you come out here Rory? You don’t need any foreign language requirement filled or anything for Lipscomb.” Rory shrugged, “I don’t know I often wonder about that too . . . help the people, get away from everything. I think I just wanted a change. To see a part of the world that . . . SHIT,” she screamed as the pain hit her like a hornet sting. “You finished down there,” “just about done, just keep talking”. Tears rolled down Monique’s face, “I just can’t believe he’s gone . . . like that, how can we explain THAT to their parents!” “Don’t think about that or her Rory just keep talking to me alright? Why did your friend Monique come out here?” Rory gritted her teeth, “she says to fulfill her foreign language requirement and volunteer . . . in truth she’s trying to get over a man”.

“HOLD UP a second there,” the cheap wooden floor vibrated as she walked towards the edge of the bed. “I’m here because of YOU! I am in this mess because of you,” arm still over her eyes Rory yelled, “oh shut up
Monique, you need to stop playing the victim! We are all in the same situation. It’s not like I planned . . .” “No but you and Chriz didn’t tell me that there was a possibility that we could be taken hostage”! “You’re not stupid Monique you knew the risks, you didn’t bother to pay attention at the training seminars too busy texting Darrell!” “That’s easy . . . SO EASY for you to say, you’re not the one that was going to be sold as a sex slave”! “Monique your voice is making my leg hurt more,” “yeah well you’re lucky you ain’t healthy”. She raised her fist and shook it at her, “If it weren’t for you Chriz would still be alive, and we’d all be safe back in America! How could you not warn me about this?” Monique tossed her beaded hair back and mocked, “oh Monique, let’s go to Sudan, let’s see the world. Think of all the good that we could do”. Her face fell, “All the meetings . . . those presentations I had to make to get this trip approved for my foreign language requirement. I should’ve known the truth about you, Subin and that stupid church . . . truth is you bit off something that you had no clue about! Anthony and Rory both turned to Monique, “SHUT UP” they cried in unison. Her face fell again, “you and Subin could’ve AT LEAST not have brought us here during a CIVIL WAR”! Anthony shook his head as he stripped off the needle, “Sudan is always in civil war. Now be quiet as I try to fix her foot, if you want to be useful stand by the window and let me know if anybody is coming.”

Monique backed off quickly “fine . . . fine . . . fine” and returned to the window without another word. Rory tried to focus on something else, which she assumed Anthony was doing to try to ignore the loss of his father. He hustled trying to fix her as he focused on her broken foot. He tried to move it but Rory just howled with pain. “Alright, alright, I can treat it but it’s going to be painful,” Rory shuffled herself up, “you can fix it?” Shaking his head, “no, but I can fix it so we can help move you.” He grabbed her foot, “now this is going to hurt . . . a lot.” Rory closed her mouth, “tell me when you’re ready. I have to snap some of the bones back in place.” There came a loud, SNAP, sending a chill down Rory’s spine. She turned to see Monique flipping switches on a large rusted and sliver radio. She threw the large silver microphone against the wall, “Damn it,” she screamed. Anthony ignored her, “you ready?” Rory nodded and laid her head back holding her arm in her mouth. She felt Anthony’s hands straighten on her foot and then there came a different kind of snap. She screamed as lighting had struck her
sending her body to convulse. She screamed again and her vision began to pop like fireworks. Her surroundings scrambled like a television as she screamed again and then she felt the “blow out”. Eternal darkness cast its shadowy cloak over her eyes as the pain vanished like sand in a tornado.

Rory awoke with a pain in her foot. Staring up at a rotting wood ceiling it took her several minutes before she remembered where she was. Slapping her hand to her forehead it took a tremendous amount of mental strength to recall why her foot was in pain. The glowing eyes reflected in the moonlight, a lashing of teeth, and a bone crushing snap that seemed a lifetime ago. She shot up in her rusted bed and tried to ignore the increasing pain in her foot, which was wrapped in several torn sheets of cloth. The tiny room was empty and the night was loud with the lively racquet of the insects. The wildlife was alive and full of life but the small station lay almost dead like. “Hello . . . Monique . . . Anthony . . . Chriz,” she froze when she remembered that Chriz wasn’t around anymore. She sniffled and tried to ignore the pain of telling Chriz’s parents. She placed her feet on the floor and instantly learned her first mistake, do not put pressure on her foot.

A small panic seemed to fill her lungs as the room seemed to become cold. The isolation of the grasslands and the horrors that lie within them seemed a mirage to the peacefulness that the night gave. She saw millions of stars twinkling in the sky as her thoughts dwelled on Mary Ryan, and whatever happened with her. The whole incident seemed a blur to her. “Where is everybody?” She tried to rise off the cot and found herself off balanced. Swaying on the spot she hobbled over to the door, “Monique?” She walked to the window and gazed around as the panic seemed to rise like water slowly beginning to boil. “Mon . . . Monique?”

She opened the door and stuck her head out. “Mon . . .” she froze when the silence of the night was broken by a soft sniffling. Tracing around the station she made sure not to make any sound as she approached the noise. Approaching closer the sniffling turned into silent crying, tip toeing around the corner she saw the source. Monique was sitting with her head buried between her knees “crying?” Monique’s head shot up as her face was puffy with tears. “Rory . . .” she shrieked in surprise. Monique wiped her face quickly, “well, well, Monique . . . crying all alone . . .” and a smile actually spread across Rory’s face. “I don’t believe my eyes,” “shut up Rory, shut your fucking mouth!” Rory’s smile grew wider, “don’t smile at me this isn’t
funny! Don’t you realize what has happened?” “I never thought that the big bad Monique could or would ever shed a . . .” Monique scrambled to her feet. There was no smile on her face. “I didn’t think you could cry even after the time that you were caught pulling that fire alarm to impress . . .” Rory unknowingly had released a hidden rage because she watched Monique recoil her fist and smash it across her chin. Rory’s head smacked against the wall with a dull thud. “OWWWW,” she screamed, “Christ Monique what the hell”?

Monique pushed Rory as she lost her balance and began screaming again. Her fragile weight seemed like a ton as it shifted onto her broken foot. Her hand gripped the station for balance as her other was rubbing her chin. Monique’s screaming voice was inaudible but after several seconds it came back. “And you sit there laughing as if your best friend was not just taken off by a pack of . . .” “Christ Monique, what the hell is your problem?” “Chriz is gone don’t you realize that,” adjusting her chin, “course I do but he wouldn’t want us sitting her crying over him . . . he’d want us to survive.” “And you know what he wanted? You were so in tune with him that you would know wouldn’t you?

The twinkle in the Monique’s eyes revealed the true reason for her tears, “oh my god. I can’t believe I never noticed it before . . . that’s it isn’t it? I finally get it!” “Get what,” she snapped, but Rory shook her head in utter bewilderment, “That’s why you signed up with us . . . you loved him didn’t you?” “Loved him . . . of course I loved him, he was our best friend wasn’t he”? “No, not like that . . . you loved him?” “Don’t be ridiculous,” “all this time Monique, all this time . . . it finally all connects.” “Forget you Rory,” she turned away from her and froze when Rory asked “why didn’t you ever say anything?” She turned tears in her eyes, “I couldn’t alright! Everything with Darrell got crazy, and he was our best friend.” Rory began testing her balance again, “well you could have you know?” Rory hobbled towards her slowly, “I miss Chriz too, but you know he would want us to save ourselves. I believe Anthony, those soldiers killed Chriz . . . those hyenas just finished what they started.” Monique’s eyes widened but Rory quickly interjected, “Please Monique I loved Chriz, I really did.” “What are we going to bury Rory?” Rory gripped her broad shoulder, “I promise we will make it nice.” “I am sorry Rory. It isn’t your fault and I know that we were just trying to do some good in the end. It’s not you, nor the church’s fault. It
just . . . sucks . . . unfairly sucks!” Rory squeezed her friend’s shoulder, “you need to lose the sentimental crap. It doesn’t suit you.” Her eyes widened in an almost weak playfully manner, “so I got to be the stereotypical round bitter black girl from the hood huh?” Rory shook her head, “Chriz would have liked that joke,” Rory took a step back when Monique grunted “why because he’s black?”

“You remember when we were in computer class and Jason Siddons was looking at some bikini girls,” Monique sniffled and tried to toughen up, “yea.” “Mrs. Larson came over . . .” they both repeated in unison, “what’s wrong with you people?” They nodded as Monique said, “I never made Chriz laugh so hard.” Rory laughed as she whispered Monique’s famous response, “Mrs. Larson you must be crazy, what you mean YOU people?” They sighed as the gazed over the tall grass, “how’s your foot and leg?” Rory held it up a little, “it’s broken and hurts like hell.” “Yeah your love said that it would.” Rory snapped, “He’s not my love.” She gazed around the landscape, “where is Anthony by the way?” Waving her hand towards the grass, “out there, something about the terrain, I think he went out to cry . . . he’s been gone a long time actually.”

“Do you hear that,” they both froze as the sound seemed to pass. “It sounds like a machine like a . . .” Rory’s words fell as her eyes saw Anthony sprinting through a large patch of grass. He was winded and clearly looked like he had run a great distance. His breathing was heavy but his words where perfectly audible, “Run . . . now!” They both looked at each other but Anthony ran towards them. “Anthony what are you” “no time Rory” he yelled. He pushed them towards the opposite way but the rumbling of a jeep and bright head lights could be seen fast approaching, “it’s too late!” Anthony was pushing them into the station, “let’s hide in here, maybe with a little miracle they’ll just pass by.” He pushed them into the station and shut the door, “hide” he said in panic. They looked around at the room’s contents and became baffled, “the closet.” He said pointing at it, they squeezed into the closet with Rory saying “Jesus Monique after this I am going to put you on a diet!”

The door closed and the darkness swallowed them. It was small and cramped despite the lack of any contents. The jeep rumbled to a stop with doors slamming, “check the shed out there too and the surrounding area. I’ll check in the station.” Monique whispered “shit” as her voice became a
whimper. “That white boy better have a plan?” Rory had never seen Monique scared, but today had proven a “first time” for everything. But feeling her knees shake made the cold penetrate to her very soul. She listened hard as the door knob was turned loudly. A man yelled “the door is locked”! Several seconds and then a loud crash came from the door. It had been smashed open, footsteps entered the quiet cabin. Monique was whimpering so loud the Rory had to cover her mouth with her hand. The closet was dark but she could see the fear in Monique’s bright green eyes. The footsteps stopped in the middle of the room and then Anthony spoke, “hey buddy”. There came a skull cracking and the crumpling of a body. Something clattered to the floor and Anthony seemed to scramble for it, “Rory, Monique you can come out”.

They opened the door to discover a muddy Atlanta Braves hat tossed aside. A small river of blood was exiting the man’s buzzed hair. The wound looked deep at least an inch of two. His faded shirt was beginning to add blood to its collection of stains. Rory stared up at Anthony who was holding the man’s machine gun. “How did, how did you,” but her eyes landed on a rock the size of his fist lying under the rickety desk. “Well, what are you waiting for . . . kill him,” Anthony shook his head, “there’re two others out there.” Anthony looked back towards the door and then back at the closet, “put him in there”. The lights from the jeep shone brightly through the station as the remaining two soldiers began to yell. Their guns were raised and pointing at the windows. Anthony was pointing his gun at the motionless body. His words were in Sudanese but his actions emphasized every word. The standoff seemed to last seconds as Anthony resembled a fox going up against a bear. “Anthony what are you doing?” Rory almost heard a soft tenderness in her voice. A tenderness that had been absent since her break up with Jeff. She tried to find somebody else but her spark for love seemed to be left to smolder in its own ashes. He didn’t respond as he stared at the dark figure cast in the bright jeeps’ headlights.

Bang! A bullet cracked in the night leaving Anthony groaning in pain and then it happened in a flash. Several shots were fired from Anthony’s weapon in retaliation. The soldiers returned fire which exploded like a firecrackers. Anthony fell back to the door his hand gripping at his bloody shoulder. “Anthony,” Rory yelled as she saw the blood rushing over his hand. The ranger station was being fired upon by two soldiers determined to
hit anything and everything. The walls were bursting like pimples and shards of wood flew like shrapnel. This was it, this was the end. Monique was screaming as she gripped onto Rory, “I love you baby girl”! There were tears in her eyes. Immediately the machine gun fire had stopped, Anthony raised off the floor slipping on shards of glass as he did. He fired off several rounds and hit the overweight soldier. Anthony yelled, “It takes more of a man to aim a weapon than fire it”. Rory stood up and felt a set of hands grabbing at her jeans pleading “No Rory don’t!”

She leaned out and saw the stand off again. The overweight soldier was dragging on the ground clenching at his wounded leg. Through the silence there came a different sound, not the sound of a man groaning in pain or Anthony’s heavy breathing. Her attention was drawn to the tall grass directly across the station. It waved lightly in the breeze and there between the blades of grass were the dancing fireflies. Her eyes widened in terror as a voice yelled, “Come out now or we kill your friend”! Rory turned and saw to her horror a woman that took several seconds to remember. Her overalls were torn and her face looked battered. If Rory had seen her in any other situation she would swear the she was drunk. She swayed on her knees as the highest ranking soldier’s cigar still hung from his mouth chewed to death.

He pointed his handgun at “Mary Ryan,” Rory whispered in terror. “Mary Ryan,” repeated Monique rising to her feet. “She’s still alive,” Rory said. Monique nodded, “thank god,” a shadow scurried across the bright light. It was small and walking on four legs. The fireflies moved closer towards the jeep, “come out now or she dies!” The soldier looked angry until there came a loud cackle and whooping from the grass. He gazed into the grass as he raised his pistol in terror. Another cackle and this time louder, “what the hell is that?” The overweight soldier still groaning on the ground began to scramble to his feet. He screamed as he tried to put weight on his wounded leg. He exclaimed, “Hyenas, hyenas!” He grabbed his gun and directed it towards the rustling and growing commotion. A growl came from within the grass and the overweight soldier began to fire blindly. “Over there,” screamed the higher ranking soldier, he fired his pistol and something yelped in pain. “They’re back,” whispered Monique her shaking becoming more violent. “On the jeep,” “ahh,” Rory saw a hyena leap on the wounded overweight soldier. It had gone for his stomach. The fat soldier fired his gun
blindly at the ground as he tried to fight the beast off. The hyena was easily the size of a St. Bernard. It had gold hair with many black spots and patches on it. Its snarling face was digging into the soldier’s stomach, tearing until blood poured from the wound. When the gun emptied the rest of his clan joined and they began to eat the solider alive.

Mary was thrown to the ground as her captor shot at several approaching hyenas. He hit a couple of them but they advanced with a lack of fear. They paralyzed him to his spot. Rory’s attention was distracted from Anthony pulling on her, “if you ever want to live again, we need to leave now!” He took her hand and led her to the door. The cigar had finally left the soldier’s mouth as he scrambled with his pistol trying to reload it with a new magazine. Mary cowered on the ground looking like she was going in and out of consciousness. She didn’t even move as several hyenas were advancing towards her. “We got to help her,” Anthony grabbed Rory’s shoulder, “you can’t, she is done for!” “No,” she yelled as the hyenas seemed to be licking their lips as the drool ran thick from their mouths. “It has to be this way,” Anthony was fighting with her,” use your gun!” He tried to pull it away, “then we can’t get away. This isn’t a choice!”

She snatched the gun out of Anthony’s hands, “get away from her”! The man whipped around so fast that his beret flew off his head. His cold eyes were wide in terror. Anthony was yelling behind her “get back here!” The soldier tried to make his way to the jeep, but with a quick snap a hyena leapt at his arm. Bang, he gave off a shot and the hyena fell to the ground like a pile of blankets. “STAY BACK,” he yelled at the beasts trying to scramble faster to the jeep. Encircling the man the hyenas had trapped him. Rory on the other hand was scattering several of them as her gun injured two and killed one. Anthony snatched it from her, “you fool . . . you stupid American fool!” Rory screamed in terror as she turned her back and saw a hyena leaping for her but only able to grab onto her jeans.

The hyena released when Monique kicked it in the stomach. Anthony was pulling her the opposite way, “we can’t leave Mary Ryan” yelled Rory. But even she had to see the futility in the situation as seven hyenas descended upon her. It took all his strength but Anthony finally had gotten her moving. They raced past the station as Anthony’s gunshot wound was now bleeding profusely. Rory turned back to see Mary Ryan screaming as seven hyenas began to tear into her back. Anthony fired off several shots and Rory turned
to see two hyenas lying dead in front of them. However the numbers emerging from the tall grass revealed the hopelessness. There came a loud screaming and Rory saw to her horror, the pistol the soldier was having difficulties with fly from his hand as a hyena had leapt onto his back sinking its teeth into his shoulder. The man was swallowed up by eight more hyenas and soon tearing could be heard as the man screamed in pain. They too were eating their victim alive.

“We need to go,” yelled Anthony, he grabbed Rory and leapt over the whining carcasses of the hyenas he had injured. “Anthony the roof,” a hyena was snapping at the top of the station. Anthony raised the gun as the hyena took a bound like leaping from a burning building. Click . . .

Click . . . Click the gun was empty, Rory screamed as the hyena leapt onto Monique sending her crumpling to the ground. The hyena had caught her arm in his mouth. Her arm snapped like a twig before Anthony could smash the gun across the hyena making it scamper away. “My arm, my fucking arm,” Monique yelled clenching her arm which bent limply in the middle. Anthony grabbed her by her shirt yelling “GET UP!” There came a loud set of laughter, “Anthony behind you”! Rory was rushed as a hyena slipped past her tripping her. She fell on her broken foot and screamed as her broken bones felt like millions of broken glass. They shredded her foot as she gripped it, “God damn it!” Anthony turned to her and picked her up with a huge tug. She rose onto her good leg, “Go,” he yelled as he turned back to Monique.

He dragged them the best he could as his arm was coated with blood. “Come on American,” he yelled picking Monique up, but her round figure made it a slow project. She got to her feet and placed her arm around him until she let out a blood curdling scream. A particular large hyena was sinking its teeth into the back of her thigh. Anthony tried to fight off the beast but several more were surrounding them. Rory saw the reason that they called this area Hyena Land. She finally understood what Anthony had meant when he said not even most animals travel in this area. The man eaters seemed to spring from the ground itself. They emerged behind ever patch of tall grass or over every rock. Anthony had to drop Monique because a hyena the size of rottweiler had leapt at him and sunk its teeth into his side. He yelled as he spun on the spot throwing the hyena off of him. Rory came towards them hobbling on her one good leg, but Anthony
grabbed her and made his way towards the grass. “Monique, Monique . . . . Monique,” she kept screaming trying to reach for her. Monique was lying on the ground as five hyenas had begun to tear at her legs. Rory tried to escape Anthony’s grasp, “forget her!”

Anthony had to tackle her back as she struggled against him. Twelve more hyenas descended upon her. She disappeared under their laughing and her arm was the only thing left. Monique’s arm was still in the air stretching for Rory’s invisible hand, “Monique . . . NO, Monique!” Her tears were in vain as Anthony tackled her into the grass. Monique’s arm fell when the grass obscured the last remaining moments of her other best friend. She fought with him several yards until he grabbed her by the shoulder. “Forget her alright . . .” Rory began to punch him in the chest, “it’s your fault, it’s your fault, you killed her. You killed her!” Anthony began to cough, “I tried to help her, but if we don’t move now we are both going to die”. Rory felt weak like her heart was a bag of cement. She felt like she could have lain down and died in the middle of the grass. Her foot throbbed with pain, but she had become numb to it. She tried to ignore the loud commotion of the hyenas enjoying a picnic in the savannah. “I don’t want to hear anything from you . . . you murderer,” she turned but his grip was locked tight. “Well I don’t care what you think, but if you want to survive you’ll follow me!”

“Fine,” he snapped when he saw her turn and begin to head back towards the commotion, “and where the hell do you think you are going?” “I’m going back,” rolling his eyes as he gripped his wounds, “fine forget you . . .

stupid American!” He gazed up at the stars and motioned his finger counting them in an unusual way. Coughing he returned his attention to Rory gave her one final look and immediately began to head eastward. He was leaving her and began to hobble away. Rory turned to see the grass beginning to part. Her mouth dropped open in horror, the fireflies were advancing towards them and the grass was parting. Rory hobbled as fast as she could catching up to Anthony in mere seconds. “Decided to join me huh?” Rory hobbled up to him, “they are following us.” Eyes wide, “let’s go,” they walked faster, “I don’t think I can make it . . . my foot”. Anthony took her hand in his. It was covered in his own blood, “you’re going to make it, and I am going to make it.” Rory shook her head, “no we are going to just . . .” her words died when Anthony’s lips had met with hers. The kiss was strong but his lips were tender. The pain in her foot was gone as
fireworks exploded in her stomach. It lasted only a moment but felt like an eternity. He pulled away from her as she stared up at him, “I promise I’ll do everything I can to keep you alive. I’m sorry about Chriz, Mary Ryan, and Monique but there is nothing we can do for them now.” Laughing in the distance grew closer, “now we need to run!”

Pure adrenaline was steering them and the stars were their map. Rory had absolutely no idea where they were heading or what direction they were going. The laughter trailed them for miles following their blood trail. The pain in her foot was gone and her adrenaline was in full effect. They moved as fast as they could and Anthony was true to his word. His body grew weaker every step, but he made sure that she kept up. It was beautiful how big the moon got out here in the middle of nowhere. Anthony’s skin was marble white and his breathing was slowing despite the amount of work he was putting forth. Periodically, he stopped for a second to gaze at the stars and then shifted his course by several yards.

The hyenas chased them every step and painstaking mile they scrambled. They moved until they were nothing more than a floating corpse on the brink of their own mortality. They moved around boulders, and Anthony just kept whispering, “keep moving . . . just keep moving and keep together. They might not attack us if we are in a group.” He grabbed her tighter and kept moving until a sight that she believed long forgotten appeared before them. It was the jeep, the jeep that had taken them here. The jeep that had crashed into the rampaging elephant, Rory still refused to believe it, “Anthony is that really?” “Would . . . would, it . . . matter if it wasn’t,” they made their way to the jeep hobbling with every step unsure of his meaning.

“Thank you god,” Rory was yelling out loud as the cackling hyenas seemed to realize that their food had an opportunity to escape. They became wild as they began to launch themselves at them. Fighting towards the jeep they moved their way towards it. They smashed into the doors with Rory shouting the entire way “open them, open them . . . hurry Anthony!” The hyenas were feet away circling in closer, their jaws snapping at the mere smell of their blood. “Hurry Anthony,” his blood was now covering the door. “Hurry Anthony . . . . we’re gunna die!” Anthony must have found whatever it was he was looking for. He was pulling her inside the door. He slammed it shut on the face of a particular ugly looking beast. Its drool ran over the hard plastic door. It snapped and growled at it putting its body into
it. Unaware that she was lying on top of Anthony, she turned to see his white face, “oh my god . . . do you have a first aid kit?” He shook his head, “how can’t you have a . . .” he groaned as he got to his feet, “please Anthony you need to dress those wounds!” He stumbled to the driver’s seat and sank into it. “You’re in no condition to drive,” he coughed as he stared at his hand. Sprinkles of blood covered it. He ignored it and reached for the keys, “keys” he yelled.

He stared around the jeep, “keys, you . . . you have them right Anthony?” The hyenas were now surrounding the jeep as they tried to jump into it. Thankfully they couldn’t seem to make the last couple of inches. Anthony shook his head, “my dad had them,” he stood up and looked out the side. His father’s body was now gone leaving only the absence of a large pool of dried blood. He couldn’t seem to find the words as he stared around the area, “your father has the keys?” Anthony gave a defeated but sarcastic, “He was driving wasn’t he?”

He slouched to the back of the jeep laughing at the irony. Rory figured he was heading towards the “safest spot”. The high back wall of the jeep provided great cover from the hyenas but the exposed jeep eliminated any “true” safety that it could provide. “I can’t do this anymore, I’m really tired” said Anthony, his breathing becoming shallower. Shaking her head, “don’t say that, somebody’s going to come . . .” Rory screamed as a hyena crashed into to the jeep getting only his head over the right side. “Are we safe here,” she watched as the hyenas circled trying to get inside but finding every attempt futile.

“Anthony,” she said again as she turned to see him lying slouched over in the seat. She tapped on his chest, “Anthony,” she said again. She gripped at his shirt and began to shake him. He gave the faintest, “Rory?” “Yeah Anthony it’s me, just stay with me you’ll be fine! Somebody will be along this road and scare off all the hyenas. Then we can get you to the hospital.” His whisper was as soft as the breeze, she had to lean in to catch his words, “nobody’s coming . . . border is closed.” Rory’s face fell, “nobody . . .

nobody is coming?” She watched Anthony’s eyes close, “no you can’t die, I don’t know where I am! I can barely walk!” She shook him harder, “I don’t even know which way to go!” Anthony was gone and his lifeless body lay still.
Rory cried as she sat there holding onto Anthony. She didn’t know how long she clung to him but the laughter and growling of the hyenas were increasing as their numbers seemed to grow. Hyena Land was true to its name providing nothing more than man eating hyenas. She leaned back in her seat and stared up at the open sky. How quiet and peaceful this place would be without the cackling of hyenas. The jeep rocked with every crash of the large beasts. Rory seemed unable to move. Maybe it was the adrenaline wearing off? There was nobody coming and no safety on the horizon. She just hoped she could sit there for a couple more minutes. Maybe even enjoy the sunrise before the hyenas find their way over the hood of the jeep and in through the shattered glass windows.

The End





SYMPHONY #2 THE CURSE OF ROMEO AND JULIET

BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON

















A door slammed as a still youthful girl flung herself onto her satin bed. A

sheet of black hair fell as her tears provided the only feeling in her broken body. She clenched her twig like legs as her fingers interlocked into what felt like a sweaty grease ball. Her sobs ran over her greasy skin as she tried to catch her breath. The house was alive as usual but this wasn’t filled with pleasantries and the talk of successful business ventures. This broken girl’s house was different than others, the little secret that the neighborhood refused to acknowledge.

The Scardino family was a recognized name in the community and they were not public officials. The Scardino family was known to run several casinos and bars in the area. They also owned dry cleaners and a few successful pizza shops. However that was only to the eyes that weren’t inside the four walls of her large house. The information that she had stumbled upon would drive any normal person insane. Even her father was blind to the information that she possessed. Although she would never cross the, “never go against the family” creed that her family preached night in and night out. Her father would wave his fat finger at her with that horrible thick gold ring sitting on his sausage like finger. “Not for fucking anybody, you hear?” Her father always had a way with words.

Yeah, she heard him, but the message had never really sunk in. Especially when she had met the love her life and love went by the name of Mikeal. However Mikeal only owned half of her heart, the other half didn’t belong to her family or anything normal. Her second love was for a drug, a drug that nobody would understand unless time was devoted towards it. The
outside world was meaningless to her. Mikeal and heroin were the only things she needed.

Her tears didn’t console her soul for her heart was breaking. Half of her heart seemed to be sliding out of place and her own solace couldn’t be found in the last bit of “black tar” which lay curled in her top dresser drawer. Unable to find the strength to retreat to the safety of her bathroom she cried until her eyes grew tired. She curled herself tighter into a ball and didn’t feel herself unravel until there came a soft knocking at her door. She wiped her eyes as she stared at it. Her pale skin was plagued with small red track marks that stuck out like mosquito bites.

“Come in,” she said trying to straighten herself up, but the mascara she was wearing was already covering her cheeks. Her father was making his way through the door, his brown suit complete with large cigar as always. His wrinkled round face stretched in a pompous, “my little Gia . . . what makes you weep so”? Shaking her head in disgust, “what makes me weep, what makes me weep? You have taken away . . .” she fell silent when her father raised her hand, “I have given you a gift, that boy is trouble and is a well-known drug dealer.” Snorting, “You’re one to talk, and my name isn’t Gia dad, it’s Sarah!” His face became stern but he ignored her with “I have kept our business ventures away from that . . .” he waved his hand “that’s for the classes, for the minorities”. He lowered his cigar, “and I won’t have a strung out daughter anymore, you will show the respect and composure that being in this family requires!” “Maybe Mikeal is my family,” she slid off the bed. “Maybe I love Mikeal and want to be with him.”

It happened in a blink of an eye, his expression never wavered nor faltered. Clenching her cheeks she stared up at her father. It was not the first time that her father had struck her but this was the first time that she had seen hatred in his eyes. “You will do exactly what you are told to do.” Words escaped her as she rubbed her cheek. Her body had become so fragile since she picked up her habitual love interest. Straightening herself up she tried to hold in her tears, “and what if I don’t this time? You gunna beat me to death like mom?” His face remained stern, “I don’t and won’t tolerate disrespect in my house, nor in my family. But I believe a father must make choices for their children even if it takes them to the point of them hating you.”
She shook her head several times maybe her father’s smack had knocked her out harder than she had thought. “I’m a little confused,” raising his cigar, he gave a large drag from it. Letting the orange circle grow brighter, he smiled as a bellow of smoke exited his mouth, “oh don’t worry my little Gia, you will see . . .” he barked a laugh and shook his head as he exited the room “you will see my dear.” Her father exited the room leaving her in disbelief. She watched his platinum wristwatch gleam like a strobe light as he waved two large goons into her room “Knuckles, Chuckles get in here”. “Since when do you go by Knuckles, Charlie?” Charlie Scardino lumbered through the door. Shoulders as broad as a mountain range and mutton chops the size of large paint brushes clung to the side of his meatball like face. Her voice shot at the next figure, a man just as large but a bit rounder, “and you Chuckles, really? Randy?” His pudgy face fell, “don’t call me that Sarah!” Her father nodded with his eyes wide, an expression that she had never seen on him. It was a look of mutual understanding, an unspoken connection which they both nodded in agreement. They turned to advance towards her, “hey . . . what’s, what’s going on?” She tried to peer around the lumbering goons, calling out in an increasingly weaker voice “dad, dad where you going?”

If her father’s refusal of her never seeing Mikeal was bad, the discipline that she had been given from her father’s goons was incomparable. She lay crying in her bed this time her face had become numb and her warm tears felt absent. The house had become silent and her father had not returned since he left. The goons had beaten her into the corner leaving her to sob on her pearl white carpet. She managed to crawl onto her bed. The only feeling besides her heart breaking was the swelling in her face. The history between Knuckles and Chuckles seemed to have been put aside. She heard Knuckles voice say “I’m sorry Sarah . . . Don’s orders.” She could almost feel the first slap again. She curled up tighter trying to forget it.

Falling in and out of sleep or maybe consciousness, she awoke to a light tapping on her window. Running her hand over her face or so she thought her face had grown stiff and tight. Her finger’s touch was numb against her skin. Her left eye was swollen like an allergic reaction to a bee sting. A dark figure was at her window. The figure opened it and stumbled silently into the room. She smiled when she heard a familiar raspy breathing. “Mikeal,” she whispered.
After a short pause she whispered again, “Mikeal . . . sweetie?” She felt her bed sink to the floor and then a whisper as soft as the wind. “Sarah,” “Mikeal,” she said jumping back at a voice that now seemed to confuse her. “Sarah, it’s me . . .” Sarah tried to slap him but all she felt was wind. “Jesus Mikeal you scared the crap out of me,” “yeah well your family scares the death out of me . . . literally.” They both chuckled, “has anything happened to you Mikeal?” He nodded, “those two goombas that your father has as bodyguards came by my apartment earlier tonight.”

“My love,” she said as she reached over and felt relief as his face lay smooth. Yes, it was oily but the absence of any swelling or bruising was clear. “What happened, what did they say?” She grabbed his cheeks and he kissed her, “what happened to you”? She turned, “my father,” Mikeal turned, “I’ll kill him.” She actually started to laugh, but soon she fell silent. “Are you sure that nobody is up,” she shrugged “I think so.” Mikeal walked to the door and placed his ear against it.

Sarah sniffled, “oh Mikeal, they are never going to let us be together.” Turning back to her he pointed, “That . . . that is why they did this . . . over me”? She turned from him, “well . . . kind of.” Mikeal was speechless, and it took him several minutes to speak. But when the words escaped him, she wished he would have remained silent. “Let’s runaway together,” it took her a minute to reply but her mouth was stuck together like she had been eating peanut butter. “Think about it Sarah, let’s just take off! We can just go and live the life we want to.” Sarah began to laugh again, “Oh Mikeal, I have forgotten about your cute little innocence.” “Cute little . . .” he stopped and sat down on the bed, “what is the problem, don’t you love me?” She smiled, “of course I do, but anywhere we go my father could find us.” She lowered her head, “we could never be free, we’d be hunted like escaped prisoners”.

Mikeal shook his head, “no I can take you someplace where we could be off the map.” She snorted her skepticism, “there is nowhere that you can take us that my father wouldn’t be able to find.” To her astonishment Mikeal gave a convincing, “oh I know a place that we can be safe in.” “Really,” she said trying to hide her disbelief but Mikeal must have caught it. “You say you love me right,” Sarah nodded, “well then you must trust me right?” Sarah hesitated, “of course I trust you. I trust you more than my family and now that is saying something.” “Well, with that aside I have to ask you, will you trust me?” She stared at him, “what about money and . . .”
Mikeal silenced her with a “will you trust me?” She hesitated and said, “until the end my love, until the end.” She couldn’t tell but she knew that Mikeal was beaming at her. The bed rocked quickly as Mikeal’s voice had gone into overdrive. “Oh my god Sarah this is going to be so great. It is the greatest decision you will ever make. I promise that you will never regret it.” He grabbed her hand and gave it a little kiss, “now pack your bag sweetie and pack what you will need to survive and only that.” He smiled as he headed to the window, “and what about you?” He grabbed the edge of the vines and hoisted himself over, “I’m going to go home and do the same, meet me out around the side in exactly one hour ok?” She nodded as he gazed back at her, “I promise everything will be better . . . sooner than you think.”

It didn’t take long for Sarah to pack up her stuff. Whatever was going on made her “punishment” seem like a distant memory. Her mind was moving a mile a minute as she climbed out of her window. It’s funny how fast you can pack up your life when all you have is an hour. Her life seemed entirely contained within two backpacks. Wiping her black hair from her face, she rubbed her fingers over her chapped lips staring upon a large pool that held huge parties for all the greatest fights in history. Although millions of dollars were exchanged here, her father always called them “social gatherings”. Tip-toeing through the grotto, she made her way to the side of the house, where Mikeal was supposed to meet her. “Two book bags,” is all she could say. Her life was contained in two book bags.

Waiting under the moon light that night seemed calm. No wind rustled through the trees and soon she would be free. “Free,” she said, what did that even mean anymore? Her father’s disgust for Mikeal was plain the day that she had brought him to visit. She remembered his goons patting him down before he even entered the front door. He had even gone to the trouble of borrowing a suit from a friend. A bit tired and dull but the brown suit didn’t suit him, it seemed out of place. She remembered his hand trembling as she grasped it, “don’t worry everything will go fine.”

The whole dining room was filled with people and Mikeal had been so nervous too. The toughest people a person with money could find all sitting around a large dining room table loaded with cuisines, and all of course “family recipes” that her father would continuously brag about. Every member of the table eyed Mikeal like a parasite. Although Mikeal told them
“that he was independent contractor,” I saw every person’s eyes dart almost humorously at one another. That was the day that I knew my father had been doing background checks on all of my friends and now boyfriends. He knew about his charge with possession and he knew the secrets that Mikeal had only recently started telling her. Their yearning for the drug that he sold was the reason for their “coming together,” but their love is what kept them together.

“Sweetie,” came a soft voice as she turned to see a tiny baby like face popping out from between a particular large set of bushes. “Mikeal,” she smiled. Her eye and face were still painful leaving his features still slightly distorted. She had to almost feel her way towards him. The swelling in her face seemed to be intensifying. He grabbed her as she ran her hands over his face. A small nose with lips like thin gummy worms, his skin was oily but when they kissed it still sent butterflies in her stomach. “Is everybody still asleep,” she nodded and he took her hand, “the car is around the corner, we should move quickly before somebody catches us.” Sarah paused hesitating as she took one last painful look up at her home. She bit her lower lip and notice that it had swollen to twice its size, “Mikeal where are we even . . . I mean.” He nodded and stroked her chin, he understood and it was a bond that few couples shared. “Did you at least leave a note,” she nodded again and that was all that needed to be said. For the first time in her life she was going to directly disobey her father. This was the day that her new life was about to begin.

Mikeal’s car was a 1996 Sunfire. Red with black stripes and still shined like the day it rolled off the tracks of an assembly line. Stuffing her belongings in the trunk she breathed a little easier when she saw belonging littering the entire trunk. “Food,” she exclaimed as she held up a box of Nilla Wafers. “Yeah, well you are going to be happy that we got those.” Tossing them back she hopped in the passenger seat and before Mikeal could start the car she stopped him. “Mikeal, once we do this we can never go back,” “I know,” he said and started the car. He flew down the street, “good bye pa pa,” she said without a final glance.

They took the side streets of the suburban area which lead to I-294 expressway. Mikeal traveled north and it remained his current direction until they had reached a town that Sarah had never heard of in her life. “Sarah,” “mhm” she said not really paying attention, “well I was just
wondering since we are doing this is it possible to finally know what your father does for a living?” The car must have come to a complete stop for her heart had missed several beats. “Excuse me,” Mikeal began to stammer, “well, I know you said . . . . never ask, but after all . . . the circumstances . . . . were kind of, and you know?” Sarah began to laugh, “I guess so after it’s not like he wouldn’t kill you for knowing too much after all your technically kidnapping his daughter.” Mikeal expressionless face made her smile fade a little, “I’m just kidding . . . so, what do you want to know?” “So were my suspicions about him all along true? You know, he’s part of the mafia . . . right?” She laughed, “Not just part, the don, the big cheese, the chief Goomba!” “Really, “he said giving a little gulp, “I always thought he was just like . . . a right hand man or something?” She shook her head, “nope he is the head of the Scardino Family Crime Syndicate and all that it incorporates.” “And what does that exactly mean Sarah?” “Well,” she said but her stomach gave a little twinge, “I don’t know how much longer we have to go but sweetie is it possible I could get a little hit. I haven’t been able to get a taste since this morning.” He chuckled, “will you EVER answer any of my questions?” Leaning across the seat she leaned in and began to lick his ear, “I’ll answer anything you want if you just give me a little taste . . . come on baby something to just tide me over.” He chuckled “in the glove box, but I won’t have needles until we get there.”

The journey to Mikeal’s mysterious location took several hours including two rest stops. The journey had taken so long that Sarah had actually fallen asleep. “Sarah,” said Mikeal whose hands were now shaking her softly. “Hey . . . we’re here,” Sarah opened her eyes as she gripped the side of the door to raise herself from her uncomfortable position. Opening her eyes wider she stared upon a large cabin built with large wooden logs. “You took me to a cabin,” Mikeal smiled, “yeah let’s see your father find us here.” Sarah opened the door as she stared upon the dark forest, “God it’s creepy,” she said noticing that forest had a fog slowly drifting through it. “Where are we,” “this is a friend’s cabin. I gave him some product to be able to use it for a couple months.” She turned back to him, “when you say a friend you really mean a . . .” he nodded, “His father actually owns the place but he died so the cabin never gets used anymore. Come on let me show you the rest of it, its actually pretty sweet.” “What about all our . . .” he waved at her, “it’s alright I’ll get it later, let’s get you some sleep.”
Escorting Sarah up a flight of wooden stairs, she noticed the small porch and a swinging bench. Unlocking the door they walked into the small cabin. A short staircase ran the wall and underneath the top of the banister sat a bathroom. “Bedroom is up there,” he pointed “to the right obviously that is the living room.” A small wooden fireplace looking out into a room filled with books on wooden shelves. A hard green couch sat in the middle of the floor. “Once you get a fire going its quite romantic, you always wanted to cozy up next to a fire.” Nodding her head with a smile he showed her to the left, which sat a small kitchen table which looked like it held a second function of a poker table. “Kitchen is right over there and . . .” “What’s that Mikeal?” His attention turned from the old fashioned kitchen to the door that she was pointing at. “Oh that, boiler room I think, now let’s get you to bed ok,” motioning towards the stairs Sarah stopped him. “Wait,” she said throwing his hands from her shoulders, “I need a taste, and I need one now! I waited all that time and you shouldn’t keep your lady unhappy.” “Sarah you have been through hell tonight don’t you think that it is time for you to get some rest . . . at least let me make you some ice for your swelling.” Shaking her head, “Are you sure . . .” “You gunna get it or do I have to?”

You would think the hardest part of taking the “brown girl” would be inserting the needle, but the part she hated most was the tying off. However the look of the black liquid sometimes made her gag in her throat. But the happiness it provided was worth all the gags and nausea feelings. It hit her like a warm egg and dripped down the tip of her head. It covered every inch of her body and an euphoric feeling filled every inch. Her soul seemed free as the pain in her face diminished. Soon they were drifting off into a Neverland few would ever know and all never leaving the hard green sofa. They didn’t start to come around until the sun began to rise in the sky. Mikeal was busy stroking her hair, “I need to take a shower Mikeal . . . get off me” he just muttered sleepily, “you need to get some more sleep Sarah.”

Sarah never knew how long they both slept there on the couch. After they woke up and had themselves another taste the day had already past. Night had come upon them and Sarah hadn’t even begun her day. Mikeal stretched rubbing his neck several times, “Jesus that couch is uncomfortable makes me think of the twin bed that we stayed in at Johnny’s house. Oh by the way, I brought in our stuff from the car last night and I put it by the door.” Sarah made her way to their possessions scattered in several bags by
the front door. “Where is the shower in this place Mikeal,” searching through her bag she began to pull out her stuff. “Full bathroom is upstairs in the bedroom,” pulling out a towel Sarah looked blurry eyed at Mikeal, “how long do you think we need to stay here?” He shrugged, “I’ve thought hard on it and I believe we should stay here for at least three months.” Gasping she exclaimed “three months,” he nodded “Three months should be enough time for everything to die down and then we can be free. We can have the life we always wanted . . . we can even get married!”

A shower was just what she needed. She let the steam wrap her like a warm blanket as she let her sore arms relax. Emerging from the bathroom wrapped in towels, she dressed in her most comfortable outfit. A pair of gray sleeping pants made from the smoothest silk and a black long sleeve shirt. Drying her hair as she came down the stairs, she stopped when she saw Mikeal had pulled over a coffee table near the uncomfortable couch. Her mouth dropped when she saw a brick of heroine with a stack of cash next to it. “Jesus Mikeal, where the hell did you get all that?” Fiddling with a sliver spoon, “don’t speak your making it spill.” Walking over to the pile of money, “how . . .” her hand grabbed the stack and ran it over her hand, “how much is here exactly?” Flicking his lighter he concentrated hard on his task, “approximately fifty thousand.” “FIFTY THOUSAND,” she shouted. “Sorry,” she added quickly as Mikeal had finished his process.

“Mikeal how did you get so much money,” “what are you my mother?” Snapping “no but I think I have a right to know when we have fifty thousand dollars laying around with the inclusion of enough heroin to last us for the next three months.” “Well I knew we were leaving so I sold everything I had.” “Clearly not everything, “she reached down to pick up the light brown powder. “Don’t touch that,” he snapped as her fingers rested mere centimeters from the plastic wrap. “The guy I bought it from had this new shit that he wasn’t selling . . . claimed it was dangerous. Two guys that tried it died from overdose.” “Really,” biting her lower lip, “have . . . have you tried it?” Shaking his head, “no but since it’s so potent I promised to wait for you.” “Damn straight,” she said sounding excited by the potency of her second love. She sat down next to him and watched him prepare the second needle. “I want to go first,” shaking his head, “no Sarah this is too dangerous I should try it first.”
“No, you should let me do it first, because you are better at it than I am”. He stared at her for several seconds before tapping the filled needle, “give me your arm.” Hopping slightly as she moved closer to him. Stretching out a black belt as he pulled it tight around her arm, he placed the end in her mouth. “Keep it tight,” her words were garbled, “I moe, I moe!” She felt her drool run down it as Mikeal tapped her forearm, “now listen this is just a very small dose, so let it run its course before you want more.” “Fust wo it aweady,” he bit his lip as he slowly inserted the needle inside her. She never took her eyes off it inserting slightly into her forearm. The dark liquid swirled in the syringe as it slowly disappeared being pumped into her vein. Her eyes flickered with every dash that was crossed. Euphoria filled her and seemed to overpower her head. “OH . . . my . . . god,” she said as she struggled to breath. Her head hit the hard metal headrest as her breathing began to slow. “Sarah,” whispered Mikeal sounding scared, her eyes opened slightly as she smiled, “come join me it’s so nice up here”.

Pictures flashed across Sarah’s eyes as the living room scrambled like a broken television. She looked at him as she licked her lips. She watched a happiness fill him that only she could make happen. She giggled as she ran her leg down his. He turned to her as she gave a devilish smile climbing on top of him. His hands ran down her thighs as he came up to kiss her. Her finger traced over his mouth, “I love you,” her tenderness was a soft as a pillow and shook slightly. He kissed her with an “I love you too”. Their love blossomed until the sun was rising in the sky. Sitting on the couch their sweating bodies were intertwined around each other. Exchanging a laugh when Mikeal complimented the chair, “yeah this chair and love making go together like your father and I.” She laughed as she began to pull on her clothes, “you know what, let’s go for a walk.” “A walk,” Mikeal said with such shock, “we just screwed and now you wanna take a stroll?” “Well, we are in the middle of the forest right?” He shrugged, “I guess.” “And you said we would be safe here right,” “yeah I did but I don’t think we should go out right now . . . the sun is barely even up.” “Why Mikeal” he shrugged, “you don’t even know what day it is do you?” “What does that matter, I want to go for a walk and you said that this place was safe now are we going or not?”

After changing minutes later they were strolling hand and hand down a dirt road. The sun rising slowly behind the horizon leaving the forest to
grow more peaceful, “god it’s beautiful out here.” Mikeal’s hand squeezing her tighter, “yeah my buddy said that fall is the best time to be here. The only way your father could find us is if he tracked down all my clients.” “After everything that has happened I’m just glad we can finally be together Mikeal,” he nodded, “yeah all we need now is patience, but for now we got enough food and junk to keep us happy for the next three months.” She froze, “so you expect us to do nothing but screw, eat, and take junk?” He smiled, “no Sarah of course not, I expect we will be watching some television here and there.” Shaking her head, “yeah well as long as that money goes towards our future,” gripping her hand even tighter, “I promise you will never have to see your father again.”

Walking across the bend she realized that the cabin sat upon a large hill. “I didn’t know that we were in the hills,” he nodded, “oh yeah and down there is Crystal Oaks Lake”. Staring down at the water her eyes traveled around the smooth shores, “looks wonderful . . . hey what’s that?” Pointing to a small cabin by the lake, “well Sarah we aren’t the only people in the area you know?”“I guess but why are the lights flashing”? He shrugged “who cares let’s just keep going.” They continued to walk down the dirt road as Sarah continued to watch the flickering lights. As quick as they had started they stopped in a blink of an eye. “Look,” replied Mikeal as he pointed towards two children dressed in costume, one was dressed like a princess the other like a giant bull frog.” Stopping in shock, “oh my god its Halloween isn’t it?” Mikeal began to laugh, “God you are just realizing that!”

“I’m sorry Mikeal but I have been a little busy,” “when you mean a little busy it means you lost track of time because of . . .” “Shut up!” Her angry face turned into a smile, “hey kids!” The children waved politely and continued down the path, “So we are going to have trick-or-treaters tonight?” Shaking his head, “usually not by us, the town is more inward I guess, but there aren’t that many people in it.” They walked around the entire valley and arrived back to the cabin when the sun was high in the sky. A chill was in the air and muddy footsteps led up the wooden steps towards the front door. “Look we did have trick-or-treaters and so early in the morning too! I can’t imagine what it’s going to be like tonight.” “Thank god we missed them I only got one type of candy too!” They both laughed as they entered the cabin.
It didn’t take long for them to be back on the couch as Mikeal was once again tying off Sarah. “I want more this time,” cooking the spoon Mikeal shook his head, “nuh uh, you could overdose!” “I want more . . . just give me a little more than you did before!” She watched him fill the needle with the dark liquid, “the guy I got this from told me that it was cut differently then the others . . . almost like a new drug entirely. Maybe we should be careful with it?” “I was careful and it felt just like all the others, now give me more Mikeal!” Her temper was starting to rise, “alright, alright Sarah” she put the end of the belt in her mouth as he tapped the needle. “Wive et oo me,” the needle struck as the drug was shot into her vein. “Jesus Christ,” she sighed as the euphoric sensation filled her body again. It was as if somebody had poured warm water over her head and just let it run down her entire body. “Perfect . . . amount,” she said through batted breath. They laid there for many hours until there came a knock . . . knock . . . knock!

They both shot up from the uncomfortable green couch, “who is it?” Mikeal looked worried, “listen Sarah there is a gun . . . in that green duffle bag, I’m going to answer the door any problems you just . . .” she turned to him, “you said it was safe here?” “Relax it could be just some trick-or-treaters too.” Getting up from the couch he wandered to the door, shirt half off and jeans slightly sagging to past his crack.

He opened the door and his eyes widened in horror. “Trick or treat,” came the words but they weren’t innocent and high. They were low in tone and reaching over Sarah pulled the green bag towards her and found a silver pistol under a pair of shirts. Placing it in her pants she covered it and made her way to the door, “don’t you think you guys are a little old to be doing this?” Sarah made her way to the door and saw what had caused the awkward moment. Three people were standing on the small porch. One was dressed as a white rabbit, another a demonic hillbilly, the last and shortest of the three had long blond hair and dressed like yellow duck. “Well look guys we don’t have anything to give ya so why don’t you just move on ok?”

The man in the middle, the largest with broad shoulders and a sleeveless red flannel shirt whispered, “Trick . . . or . . . treat.” “Yeah I know, I don’t have anything ok,” shutting the door as he turned to Sarah. His eyes shot open behind his lopsided mask as his hand slammed against the door, “trick or treat” the man repeated. “What the hell is your problem,” the man motioned towards Sarah whispering “treat.” Mikeal look confused, “look
man you better back the . . .” the man withdrew a long machete from behind his back. “Trick,” he said letting the machete shine in the growing moonlight. Mikeal took a step back, “you better get out of here because I got a gun.” The man pushed through the door and motioned towards Sarah again, “treat.” Mikeal made a lunge but the man raised the machete and made a long swipe at him. The blade missed Mikeal by inches.

Sarah pulled the actual gun out, “get out,” she yelled. The man raised his giant fist with the machete as Sarah clicked the chamber, “I really wouldn’t buddy now leave.” The machete lowered as the man seemed to study her. “She isn’t going to do it, big city white girl . . . we must keep the tradition.” The rabbit’s words were eerie as the hillbilly mask was unlike the others that seemingly could be found at your local Halloween store. This hillbilly mask looked custom designed. His mouth hung like an ice cream cone on a hot day but twisted into an eerie smile. Black dead skin covered his mouth as his eyes lay hollow and black, “get out of here!” Taking a step towards her, she hesitated, “I mean it!” The hillbilly man cooed, “I know, oh I know my dear.” He took another step and then, BAM! The guy took the shot straight in the chest. His mask smiled back at her but the blood pouring over his hand told a different story. The man raised his hand as he fell to his knees without a word. His fingers gripped her sleeping pants as Sarah shook with shock. The girl dressed as a duck dove for her as she snatched the pistol which fired blindly into the ceiling. Mikeal grabbed the rabbit’s arm and soon began to swing his fist at any part he could reach. Sarah had connected her foot between the ducks legs sending her to her knees. Giving her another swift kick she watched the duck tumble out the front door. Rising to his feet the hillbilly’s machete swung wildly at her as she leapt backwards.

The gun released from her hand in shock as the rabbit was thrown from Mikeal. The rabbit clattered over the table and fell to the ground with a thud. Sarah watched Mikeal turn and the machete slashed against his stomach. He yelled in pain as he gripped his now bloody shirt. He fell to his knees as the machete was raised high, “please don’t kill us, we didn’t mean to run away . . . I’ll go back home right now . . . please!” Sarah was now crying, “Please we just want to be left in peace”! The large hillbilly stood over them, the gun clamped in his other hand, and he tossed it into the furthest corner.
“What do you want,” the man turned and tilted his head almost in confusion, he rose the machete at Mikeal, “trick,” he said then pointed it at Sarah, “treat”. “I don’t understand what the hell that means you freak!” The man walked over to Sarah, “no stay away from me!” She shouted as the man advanced towards her. He stopped and slammed the machete into the wood floor. It stuck up as if about to mark her eventual grave. “Please, whatever my father is paying you we will match it.” His hand rose as she recoiled towards the wall. His hand traced her cheek, “buddy there is money in that bag there . . . it is ten grand and that is all I have, take it and everything can be cool alright?” The hillbilly man ran his finger again over Sarah’s cheek, “treat,” he repeated as his hand moved down her body. “Don’t you . . .” Mikeal struggled to get up but was soon smothered by the rabbit. The rabbit laughed hysterically as Sarah swatted at the man, “Stay away, I’ll scream.” The man took her shirt and ripped the front of it open. She pushed him back as his hands tried to grab more.

“Fuck you,” she screamed as she tried to fight the man off but his strength was overpowering. Mikeal struggled on the ground but his frail body was no match in his weakened state. He fought with all his might as the rabbit slammed his fist into Mikeal’s head repeatedly. “HELP,” Sarah screamed as the man motioned towards her pants. Kicking and fighting were not helping. His hand caught her mouth as she sunk her teeth into it. The man hollered in pain as he released her, she tried to run but a hand grabbed her. He pulled her towards her and smashed his fist in her face.

She wobbled on the spot, “please don’t do this” she whispered as she fell to the ground. The man began to unbuckle his pants, “do you know who I am?” The hillbilly man didn’t pay the slightest attention to her. Blood stained the front of his shirt as it seemed to grow with every passing second. “If my father knew what you’re doing to his daughter he’d kill you.” “Sarah,” yelled Mikeal as the rabbit slammed a small wooden lamp onto his head. The hillbilly turned and in that brief second Sarah took her chance. Raising her foot she sent it as hard and as fast as she could towards the large man’s genitals. He groaned in pain as there was a slight cry in his voice. “That a girl,” yelled Mikeal lying broken on the floor. Crawling on the ground she dove for the gun. Mikeal was holding onto the rabbit as much as he could. She pointed the gun at the rabbit and he stopped in his tracks.
“Kill him,” yelled Mikeal in a weak but relieved voice, “they’re going to kill me and you!”

Sarah rose from the ground and put two shots in the rabbit. The rabbit still ran towards her and took every shot until the gun clicked empty. His hands rested on her shoulders as blood ran from underneath his rabbit mask. Sarah whimpered as she moved to the side letting his body fall to the floor. Horror struck she saw the large hillbilly man lumbering towards her like a football player. Hands outstretched as he wanted to choke her with his bare hands. She threw the gun at him which bounced off his stomach like a moth. Backing away in terror, “stay away you freak” as if an obedient dog he stopped in his tracks. He stared at her until something came bursting through the middle of his grey shirt. The tip of something had pierced his very body. He didn’t even scream in pain as his fingers traced over the tip. He raised his head and then dropped to the floor.

“Mikeal,” she screamed and saw that he had come in her hour of need. She rushed towards him and embraced him in such a hug. Time was motionless as they kissed for what seemed like an eternity. Until the realization of the event had hit them, their worries were absent. Now they came back and Mikeal said, “Shit, what are we going to do now? What about the duck?” “I’ll just call the cops Mikeal,” walking back to the living room she took the machete out from the flannel man’s back. She stopped again and began to cry. Mikeal seemed lost for words. What comforting words could be said? She cried into her hands, “why . . . why did they do this?” Mikeal grabbed her, “we can’t call the cops Sarah” tears littered her face, “I know we can’t call the police, if my dad finds out he will kill you.” “I was more worried about the money and heroin,” “my dad is head of the Scardino Family, he has eyes and ears everywhere! Who cares about all that, he’ll find us and I don’t want to go back . . . and don’t say he can’t there is nothing my father can’t do.” “So what should we do Sarah, we have nowhere to go for now and we can’t call the police?” Sarah looked mad as she tried to as calmly as she could, “we should bury them.” Shaking his head, “you’ve lost it.” “Have I,” she screamed as he retreated slightly, “I’m going to call the police, make our statements, we can hide this stuff come back later and skip town. We didn’t do anything wrong.” Running towards him, “you have to listen to me! My father will kill you and maybe kill me”. Mikeal looked at her, “I don’t know your father but I guarantee he wouldn’t
kill his only daughter.” “He killed my mother! And he will kill me when he finds out what I took from him.”

Taking Mikeal’s silence she proceeded on, “I didn’t tell you but I took some money from my father’s safe”. “Ok what did you take?” She bit her lip, “twenty thousand dollars.” “Why didn’t you tell me,” she shrugged, “I don’t know I guess if we never worked out I needed something to help me get by . . . you know just in case.” She watched his face fall, “I . . . I can’t believe you thought I would ever stop loving you”. “I can’t take that chance and risk going back to my father. I’ll die for you Mikeal but if you ever left me then what am I supposed to do? I needed something just in case. I won’t go back to him, I’d rather die”! Shaking his head he turned to the front door without even giving her a second glance. “Please Mikeal, don’t . . .” his hand landed on his phone as he began to dial, “I wish you would reconsider.” He stared at his phone ringing loudly, “damn,” he clicked it shut “I got no signal anyway.” “Please you know that I am right Mikeal. I don’t know why you are acting like this?”

“Acting like what, we just killed three people, there’s no way we’re escaping this and how are we going to cover them up”? “We don’t know that the duck is dead he could be unconscious?” Making his way to the door Mikeal found to his relief that he was staring at lifeless costumed woman. Her neck had been turned completely around during her fall down the stairs. “Well the duck is still here, so now how do you suppose we do this?” “You said this is your buddies house right,” he shrugged, “well a client.” Waving her hand “whatever, we can bury them and then by the time they are presumed missing or trouble comes around will be long gone . . . your client will be to blame.” Mikeal gazed at her in utter bewilderment, “who are you and what have you done with Sarah?” “I’m right here thinking about the future that YOU promised me!” He stared at her for what seemed like hours, “what do you care Mikeal? Do you even like the guy?” “That’s not the point Sarah,” he huffed as he stared at the bodies scattered over the floor. “There are probably shovels in the shed out back I’ll grab them and we’ll bury them under the deck . . . ok Mikeal?”

Sarah walked out the door and was hesitant about being alone. She waited several seconds making sure to check every tree and bush before she left the safety of the house. Making her way to the shed her mind still trying to grasp the incident as it replayed in her head, the word “treat” repeated with
every flash. Her heart seemed to sink when she saw the look on Mikeal’s face as he asked, “Who are you?” In truth those creeps deserved to die and justice could be served with their decaying bodies being worm food. This in truth was one the hardest decisions that she had to make. Her father’s ears traveled around the world, and if reported it would only be a matter of time before her father would hear about it.” She shuddered as she knew her father would kill Mikeal on the spot. In truth the missing money would upset her father but what Mikeal didn’t know was that taking the money was only the second reason for stealing from her father’s safe. Her first, a diamond ring her mother had given her the night of her accident. The ring was a solid 4 carats and sparkled like the brightest star in the night sky. Her father had told the police that she had fallen down the stairs. The only problem was the only set of stairs in their previous house had three steps to it.

His hands were slightly swollen as he had come in that night and snatched the ring from her. “Move on my little Gia, mommy is gone to a better place,” he sneered as he left and at that moment, she knew he had beaten her to death. Before tonight, she had never told Mikeal what had really happened to her mother. As far as he knew she had run off with another man, shaking her head, “if he really understood me, he would know that a family betrayal of that nature would suffer the ultimate consequence . . . the ultimate payback.”

Reaching the small shed, she grabbed a pair of shovels, if Mikeal and her where to live happily ever after they would have to bury their dark secret”. In the end she would be right and Mikeal would support their decision. Returning to the house, “I need to go to the hospital, this isn’t going to work.” Mikeal was beginning to look pale but he did manage to take two of the bodies out to the porch. She helped with the duck and rolled all three of them into the ground.

The night was growing colder as they dragged all three bodies under the porch. They strained with every step, but Sarah’s thoughts had no sympathy for them. The sun was steadily rising in the sky when they had finished shoveling three shallow graves. Each one had a grave but the rabbit still smiling toothily at her made her grit her teeth in anger. Mikeal must have seen her staring at the mask, “do you want to see their faces?” A firework went off in her head and for that brief second she did. She wanted to spit
right in every face, surprisingly her voice responded differently, “no . . . no.” And with that, she turned away and they began to shovel the dirt over the bodies. The sun was rising higher in the sky when they emerged from underneath the porch. She stopped at the edge of the stairs and stared out into the trees. Mikeal came up behind her and began to rub her shoulders. She didn’t even acknowledge or respond to Mikeal’s touch. Her thoughts dwelled upon her father and their mysterious attackers. “Why,” she said after several minutes of silence. Unable to answer the question Mikeal continued his silent consoling the best way he could.

They stayed there staring into the forest and noticing the valley in the far corner of their vision. “I need a taste,” Mikeal’s arm dropped from around her shoulder, “don’t you think we should . . .” “No,” she snapped at him. “I need a taste!” “Alright, let me patch myself up and then we can do it” he said escorted her up the stairs. Hopefully Mikeal’s recovery process wouldn’t take long. Her nerves were stressed and she needed the quick relief that only her second love could provide.

Her hands shook the entire process, it took nearly a half an hour to patch Mikeal’s wound, and her eyes watered when the dark liquid began to bubble in the spoon. She wiped them as she tied herself off with the belt. The silence between them was unnatural and it remained even when he inserted the needle into her forearm. The nightmare that had plagued her seemed to disappear from her mind with every drop of heroin that entered her body. By the time the syringe was empty the night of horror had disappeared completely. The time crept by them as they both lay in a mind altering stupor. “Mikeal, let’s go for another walk,” “mhm?” Turning over in the uncomfortable green couch took an eternity, “I want to go for a walk again round the lake this time.” Mikeal groaned slightly as Sarah pushed him, “come on get up!”

Mikeal dragged his feet the entire time as his blue eyes had trouble staying open. Having slept most of the day the sun was now setting and the world seemed so beautiful. The horror of last night lay dormant like the darkness in the forest that the sun could not disperse. They approached the bend again and found the cabin from yesterday. Lights were not flashing this time, on the contrary the blackened house sat almost peaceful. The screen door banged against the side of the house softly in the night air. However that is not what bothered her. The front door was open and swung
slowly on its hinges. Perplexed she made her way down the hill. “Oh so you were serious about walking the lake,” kicking up dust as she made her way down the valley. “Sarah, come on its late and I’m hungry,” the cabin was dark with long crooked branches hanging over it. Ignoring his comments she made her way towards the cabin.

Ignoring the rest of the house, she made her way to the front. “Sarah, the lake is that way.” Waving her hand to keep him silent, she approached the steps. “What are you doing,” her hand rested upon the door frame as she peered inside, “hello?” “Sarah,” repeated Mikeal as she went inside, “hello,” she repeated. Either the people of the house were really untidy or had thrown the wildest party this small town had every seen. On the table sat half eaten food and a torn dress slowly sliding off an overturned chair.

“I wonder what happened here,” Sarah stepped across a broken vase and picked up the dress. The dress clung in her hand as she turned to the bedroom and felt her hands begin to shake again. “Mi . . . Mikeal,” she said as her eyes stared horrorstruck at a naked body lay strewn over the bed. The white blankets were stained with blood, “oh . . . my . . . god!” The girl’s dead body lay motionless as her skin had gone from a healthy pink to a light shade of purple. Her eyes lay open and dead as she stared at them in the small living room. Mikeal turned and grabbed her shoulder, “we need to get out of here.” “Do you think,” Mikeal tightened his grip on her shoulder, “Sarah we need to get out of here now.” “Shouldn’t we,” “no,” he snapped. Taking her arm, he pulled her out the door and back up the hill. “Mikeal we can’t just leave her,” “what the hell is your problem Sarah, why did you go in there in the first place?” “Do you think the same people that attacked us, did this?” Mikeal was too busy marching up the valley and back to the cabin. “How are we even going to call the police Sarah . . . we’re gunna have to go into town,” Sarah grabbed his hand tight, “no, wait . . . wait . . . WAIT . . . we will be exposed and my dad will find us”!

She dragged her feet the entire way but stopped when they arrived back at the cabin. They both stopped and stared at a cabin that lay completely different from how they had previously left it. “What the hell is going on around here?” The front door was wide open and their possessions were strewn across the porch and the living room. “The car,” whispered Sarah pointing towards Mikeal’s Sunfire, whose hood had been completely ripped off. “My car,” he repeated advancing towards it. Parts of the engine had
been removed. Sarah made her way towards the house and up the stairs. Grabbing several articles of clothing, she stopped, “Jesus . . . all our food . . . our clothes!” Making her way through the door, “Mikeal the brown girl . . . the brown girl Mikeal . . .” she turned to him as he saw anger clear in her face. He froze in shock muttering, “check it,” she ran away from his car. “Please just not the heroin . . . anything . . . anything but that” she begged as she moved around the door frame.

When her mother had “fallen down the stairs” she barely cried. Standing over her coffin she stood like her father, stood without emotion or concern. The tears that fell upon the sight of the spilled brown powder as it covered the carpet like carpet cleaner. She balled like a baby and even Mikeal seemed lost for words. He gripped her shoulder after several minutes, “don’t worry, it’ll be ok”. “OK,” she snapped her eyes red with tears, “its not ok Mikeal! What are we going to do?” Shaking his head, “I don’t know who could have done this, but we are . . . .”

Mikeal froze as a noise had come from outside, “did you hear that?” Sarah whispered, “It’s him, the guy that did this?” Mikeal began to glance over the room, “where is my gun?” She shrugged, “I don’t know, I can’t remember . . . just go get him!” “Who the hell do you think I am Sarah,” “just go”! Pushing him out the door Mikeal advanced down the porch, “wait,” she yelled. “The back door is open,” gazing into the kitchen her brow furrowed, “I’m going to close the back door, and you go check outside.” Nodding, “yeah, yeah that’s it Sarah, let’s separate when things get a little weird.” Pushing him out the door again, “just go check it out and stop being such a pussy”! Mikeal made his way around the porch as Sarah moved towards the back door.

Mikeal dropped into the dirt as he scanned the area. The sound was soft almost like a shuffling of feet. Maybe Sarah was right? Maybe it was the guy that did the damage? “What the hell did I do with that machete . . . with my gun . . . ugh, I gotta stop using. When I get out of this I’m going to give this shit up”. Tracing the wall he whispered in fear, “what the hell is that?” The shuffling grew louder as he made his way towards the corner of the cabin. A shadow shuffled heavily through the dirt and leaves. “Oh my god,” he whispered as he clung to the side of the cabin. He felt naked without a weapon. He brought nothing to a gun fight. Taking several deep breaths he peered around the corner. It was a man, but the man looked strangely
familiar. Dressed in a fur outfit he walked as if his leg had been broken. His movements were odd and unnatural, “hey,” Mikeal yelled.

He hopped around the corner as the figure stopped in its tracks. It turned in its spot, Mikeal felt his stomach drop. “The way it turned wasn’t normal, his whole body turned except for his broken leg. It snapped with the turn and the man dropped several inches. His hip had shattered, his only support made him walk lopsided. Mikeal retreated as the man dressed in the rabbit costume came into the increasing moonlight, “no . . .” he pointed at the man, “it can’t be”! Mikeal hit his disassembled vehicle as a white face with a very dark smile glared back at him. “You’re dead . . . we . . . buried you . . . out back.” The rabbit advanced towards him, arm outstretched in a zombie like motion.

Mikeal’s legs were like blocks of ice as his sweat seemed to freeze him. He watched the rabbit advance towards him. Utter fear was his enemy and it paralyzed him to the spot. His hands gripped the car as he watched the dirt slowly falling from the rabbit’s fur. The man was mere feet from him, when a scream came from inside the cabin. “Sarah,” he said as his legs seemed to melt away. He had to pull with all his strength but finally they gave a little wobble. He ran back to the front door leaving the advancing rabbit to continue his path towards him. Bursting through the room he saw to his horror that Sarah was kicking out a muddy yellow figure. Sarah was slamming the back door shut as Mikeal slammed the front. Making his way into the kitchen he grabbed Sarah. She turned and screamed loudly again.

“Sarah calm down,” Sarah’s eyes were wide as they landed on Mikeal. “Oh Mikeal,” she embraced him in a hug, “what’s going on”? He gripped her tightly, “I don’t know”! Her eyes looked up at him, “do you think that it was the same . . .” she yelped when something slammed against the front door. Mikeal released her and ran to the door. “Is that,” she said watching him beginning to lock it. “I think so,” “check all the windows and make sure there locked”! Running around the cabin in a panic the windows that she was able to find were all locked. She returned to Mikeal who was looking out the large window in the living room, “I . . . think there gone?” Sarah shook her head in confusion, “what? How do you know?” He pointed out the furthest corner of the window, “Because I just saw the duck and rabbit head into the forest.” It was like a punch in the stomach as Sarah tried to remain calm, “Oh, well what about the big hillbilly guy that tried
to . . .” she waved her hand “well you know.” He shrugged, “I haven’t seen him . . . I don’t think he woke up. He might be really dead.” “Really dead,” she whispered in confusion. She grabbed her head, “Jesus, I don’t know what’s going on, you sure they’re gone?” He nodded as she added, “And we’re sure the house is locked up?” He nodded, “yeah, we need to call the . . . damn,” he swore when he remembered that the cabin received no cell service. “We’ll just have to go into town,” Sarah shook her head, “I am not going anywhere until I get my head straight.”

Marching over to the couch she began to clear the table, “but it’s all gone. They scattered it over the floor. The syringes are even smashed”. Taking the bag of powder she made a small pile from what she gathered from the bottom of the bag. “Sarah I don’t think this is really the time to be doing that!” She turned and snapped at him, “you going to do this or not?” He watched her line up the drug in lines and snort two quickly, he growled, “fuck it.” Walking over they snorted the rest of the drug, Sarah’s hands had stopped shaking and the world had seemed to open up. They took every particle until the table was bone dry. “Alright,” she said as the drug seemed to take her over, “we need to . . .” she began to trail off as she laughed a little, “We need to do something, don’t we?” Mikeal watched her eyes narrow as his hands ran over the red and blue section of her black hair, “yeah Sarah, we need to go into town.”

She stood up, “let’s get it out here,” searching the room for her coat or at least something warm to wear she didn’t even notice Mikeal going “shh!” She caught his face as his finger was just leaving his lips. “Mikeal what do you . . .” she stopped when she heard. “They’re back,” she whispered terrified but as she gazed out the window no figures appeared. The trees swayed gently in the darkness. It sounded like bumping, boom . . . boom . . .

“oh my god what is that”? Mikeal made his way towards the stairs, “I think its coming from upstairs, did you check up there,” shaking her head she stammered, “I . . . I didn’t know there were windows up there!” Mikeal gave her a nasty look until there came a loud, crash!!!

Mikeal even jumped when a low moan came from the back of the room. “They’re inside . . .” Sarah trembled and then her fears came to life. There at the top of the stairs stood a man with lust in his hillbilly face. Dirt silently fell to the wooden floors as the man groaned ominously from the top of the steps. Bang . . . Bang . . . Bang . . . the door rocked on its hinges. “Who’s at
the front door,” Sarah’s words reverberated off the wooden walls. The hillbilly man gave a loud moan as he began to wobble down the stairs. A screw fell from the front door as Mikeal pushed Sarah towards the kitchen, “we’ll go out the back!”

Pushing her into the kitchen as he slammed the door shut, “nice job Mikeal!” Sarah was pointing to the mud covered duck banging on the glass back door. The screen door rattle as it hung half off. Mikeal was locking the door as the yellow duck slammed against it. “That’s not gunna hold,” Sarah screamed wildly gazing around the room. “Why is this happening to us . . .

GO AWAY”! Her words sent a wave of panic over Mikeal, he shook his head. He locked the kitchen door but it continually rocked on its hinges. Sarah was panicked, “there’s no way out!” She turned to him, “we’re not safe out here! Why did you bring us here?” He turned to her, “why did I . . .

why did I”? “Your father sends these guys . . . does this to us and you’re asking me why?” Sarah growled, “These men don’t work for my father. They are dead! You’re not putting this on me you little shit! You said we were safe out here! YOU’RE A LIAR!” The door next to Mikeal began to snap.

“Sarah we need to think of . . .” a loud scream came from the side of him. There was a glimmer of blade, a slash of a knife. His arm was cut as he backed away from a wild eyed Sarah. “What is your problem?” “You brought me here to kill me haven’t you?” Shaking his head, “Sarah I don’t know what you are talking about,” she reached back and tried to cut, tried to kill. Mikeal’s eyes were wide, “Sarah, baby it’s me Mikeal, look I promise everything is . . .” “Spare me Mikeal . . . SPARE ME” she screamed. “You never loved me, you never cared for me! I’m not going back . . . now tell your buddies to back off!” Raising the knife she lunged at him again. Mikeal blocked it and grabbed a hold of her wrist, “Sarah please whoever you are don’t do this!” “I’m not going back and you and your friends can’t make me,” she kicked at him, but the blade slipped from her fingers. “Sarah stop, I can’t hold the . . . .” “I’ll kill you!” She lunged forward and Mikeal felt it. He felt the blade slid into her like warm butter. He watched her eyes pop with astonishment as he gripped her the entire time she fell to the floor. He shook as the warm blood rushed down his wrist, her eyes filled with confused tears. She looked up at him baffled, “Mikeal?” He cried as her bloody hand traced over his cheek, “I love you
Mikeal” sobbing, “I love you too Sarah.” The glass over the back door began to crack as the door began to shatter with large pieces now falling before them.

[Nov. 4, 2012]

“Is this thing on . . .” A woman dressed in purple was tapping her ear piece. “A voice in her ear responded, “Yeah Gale you’re live.” Straighten herself up she peered into the large camera, “Gale Storm here reporting for A.X.X.O. Channel 43 news and I am here at an extraordinary tale that only Channel 43 can bring.” The blond haired reporter wiped the hair from her face as she motioned towards a cabin behind her. “I am in Crystal Oaks Lake, Wisconsin . . . a quiet town famous for its summer vacation getaways. However tragedy struck a lonely cabin on this quiet road.” Sarah Scardino, daughter of casino owner Toni Michael Scardino was found stabbed to death in the kitchen. The culprit, her boyfriend who police have not yet identified, is believed to have taken his own life after the incident . . . with me now the sheriff of Crystal Oaks Lake Sheriff Tom O’Grady . . . Tom?”

“Hello Gale, I can’t tell you what a tragedy it has been but we are a strong community and I can assure the families that this incident will be the highest priority of the Sheriff’s department here in Crystal Oaks Lake. Results of the autopsy will be released in a couple days due to the hardships we had retrieving the culprits hanging body from the second floor. “Sheriff O’Grady what can you tell us happened upon your initial investigation.” “It has turned up in our initial report that both Sarah and Mikeal suffer from agoraphobia or fear of the outside, combine that with the narcotics that were found on the premises equals the tragedy we see today.” “So drugs were found in the residence,” “yes, last week we held a news briefing about a new dangerous drug that has been seen floating around the state. The drug is only known as “Trippin Brown” this heroin is supposedly cut with a high concentration of LSD. We have already conducted an investigation into the whereabouts of the drug to keep it from causing harm to the innocent people of this town, state, and country.” “So Sheriff O’Grady what is the final say,” “all I can really say about the incident is there are neither footprints outside the house nor any forced signs of a break in, in fact the cabin is completely fine. Whatever went down in that house lies only with Sarah and her killer.” “Thanks Sheriff O’Grady and this is Gale Storm with
A.X.X.O channel 43 reporting live from Crystal Oaks Lake, Wisconsin back to you Tom.”

The End





NIGHTMARES OF THE WHITE

RABBIT

(THE COMPLETE FIRST MINI-

SERIES)

-EXCLUSIVE FIRST TALE-


BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON






CURSE OF THE NILE


BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON
















“Hey everybody my name is Maurice, the white rabbit you have never

heard of, but I am the most famous rabbit you will ever meet. Well maybe not I per say but you do know my many children. My children have been in the most famous stories of all time, Peter the Rabbit, Alice in Wonderland . . . but what about those rabbits whose stories didn’t turn out happy? The ones that have seen things, know things. The rabbits that became too scared to return to the surface. These are the stories that I will be telling, so let’s take a journey to the bottom of the rabbit hole. Tell the stories that were never able to be told. These are the Nightmares of the White Rabbit.”

The year was 1941 and the “desert fox” or General Erwin Rommel was leading the 19th Panzer division and the rest of the German military through the Northern African desert. Their enemies scattered before them as they continued their march deeper into Africa. The tent blew slightly in the hot breeze as General Rommel sat at a wooden chair in front of a shaky desk. The man’s skin had become worn and cracked due to the desert sand and heat. The pen in his hand seemed to slip between his fingers as the sweat clung to him. His grey German uniform was not made for the desert heat and humidity. Finishing his last words in his personal black journal, I’m still waiting on the discovery of the Jewel of the Nile. The Fuhrer can’t have all the riches. Rommel closed the book with a huff as he prepared his mind for the tedious contemplation of their next direction. Thousands of soldiers slept out in the camp waiting on his decision to conqueror more land for the greater Germania.
“General Rommel, General Rommel,” outside the tent came a familiar voice. A voice that he had actually been waiting for several days to hear from, “Aye Master Sergeant Kubrick please enter,” tucking his black book he rose in his seat just as the young soldier made his way through the green opening. He was a brass and young soldier that had quickly risen up through the ranks to become Master Sergeant of the 21st Panzer division which served under his very command. His arrogance would one day cost Germany a great soldier. Rommel had seen many soldiers like him come and go. The young quickly running off to play war realizing the terrible cost that it forces you to pay. “Heil Hitler” Rommel saluted repeating, “Heil Hitler.”

Removing his field hat, Kubrick ran his hand through his blond hair. He was only a spitting image of the perfect soldier. Trying to dispense with the pleasantries, Rommel felt his anger boiling much quicker than he expected. “Kubrick, I want answers immediately . . . explain your actions. I want to know why I shouldn’t turn you into the High Command for treason and desertion!” Kubrick’s eyes had a coldness that had overtaken the once young eyes of a juvenile adolescent bound for pretty girls in a university. “Please forgive my absence general the men are not at fault they were following my orders.” “I send you on a scouting mission and you desert on the motherland . . . I should have you shot!” Shaking his head, “no general like I said you must forgive me. We ran into some resistance down the road from some fighters. They overtook our car and knocked out the supporting jeep. We couldn’t radio in, but we did beat them back. Anyways sir, we found a fighter alive and he told us of a small tribal kingdom filled with the riches of a thousand kings. He said it was only a day’s walk, we’ll me and the soldiers marched to try and find this camp”. He rubbed his neck and Rommel couldn’t hide a personal excitement which he immediately tried to shoot down. “Did you find this camp? You must have if you decided to show back up here.” He wagged his finger, “you took a big risk taking that heathen’s word. So . . . tell me about it”.

Motioning towards a pile of maps piled onto the foot of his cot, “may I general?” Rommel nodded “Please do”! Kubrick began to fumble through the maps and pulled out a large one on the northern portion of Africa. He traced his finger, “the force is nothing compared to what we have come across, an easy box in pattern could eliminate them . . .” “MASTER
SERGEANT Kubrick! I MAKE the plans of attack . . . I was appointed by the Fuhrer himself. I don’t need tactics from a man a mere signature away from the noose”! Kubrick gulped slightly, “yes quite, anyway they had a few soldiers, estimation over a hundred lightly armed. In the time that we observed, I believe that the treasure is in the king’s hut because it is heavily fortified but nothing a couple tanks can’t eliminate.” Rommel leaned over the map as he saw Kubrick point to where the camp was. “Are you sure about this,” Kubrick nodded, “I can lead you right to it”.

Leaning up from the map, “I can’t send out the entire division I would have to send it in to High Command . . . no, I think we should take a small force maybe a regiment”. “Two tanks would suffice . . .” Rommel stopped talking, “you could say it was to quell an uprising general”. Rommel narrowed his eyes, “sorry sir, whatever you want to do.” “Make no mistake Kubrick whatever I do you better hope that your information pays off.” Straightening himself up Kubrick pressed his uniform down, “I assure you sir, it is there and I can lead you to it. I request permission to assemble a regiment.” Nodding his head, “assemble a regiment we leave at nightfall.” Smiling Kubrick gave an arrogant, “very good sir.” Kubrick turned to leave but Rommel raised his hand and gave a quick, “just a minute Kubrick. I need you to document your attack on the recon. We need to know what happened to our German brothers. We want their families to know that their deaths were avenged”. “Very good sir . . . Heil Hitler,” giving a lazy salute Rommel gave a quick, “Heil Hitler” and he watched Kubrick exit his tent.

It didn’t take long for the regiment to leave camp as we marched into the desert. It took several hours but Master Sergeant Kubrick’s words were spoken true. Quieting the tanks was tricky but necessary before we made our way over a mountainous hill of sand. Crouching up the hill several members of the regiment including Kubrick and I overlooked the camp sitting by a large desert oasis. The camp was filled with several huts and appeared more like a refugee camp. Families in front of grass houses as children played with a soccer balls in the middle of the camp.

“There is the hut I was telling you about.” Kubrick pointed to a lone hut in the middle of the camp, the most likely place to hide the treasures that Africa tried to keep hidden. Sand bags encircled the large hut three times providing much cover and protection against an advancing force. “We’d have to hit him hard and fast . . . not able to let them dig in.” “Kubrick, if I
hear you make another suggestion, I will have you transported to the front lines in the Soviet Union . . .” “Yes general,” Rommel examined harder watching the few soldiers marching around the camp. Kubrick had been right they were lightly armed but the heaviest weaponry lay with the hut in the middle. Not wanting to give Kubrick the satisfaction, “I have seen enough let us withdraw.” Rommel cursed to himself on the way back, Kubrick had been right a simple “box in” tactic would be the most logical choice in this situation.

They advanced at all four sides and as Master Sergeant Kubrick had suggested the “box in” tactic worked like a charm. Although the limited number of troops made the attack take longer than expected. The resistance fighters scattered as women and children ran into the huts in fear. Many of the huts blew from the inside as they showered the air with an array of jungle canopy. The two tanks came in leveling huts and scattering the remaining fighters, who fell from the bullets of the advancing German soldiers. No one was spared as even children gave their final breaths of life. The rest of the people retreated into the large hut in the center of the camp. Heavy artillery lined the bags as they all peered at our small regiment ready and willing to die. Rommel sniffed the air and could smell their fear. However there was promise of a fight, alas it would be in vain.

A general like Rommel would not usually travel into such hostile and dangerous terrain but what he hoped lie within the hut would be worth the risk. It would mean a chance to retire, a chance to retreat into the mountains of Germany or maybe buy a little cabin in the Black Forest. The fighting took a whole hour without the use of the two tanks. The fighters had dug in good and resisted until a white shirt rose from the top of the hut. Wearily Rommel yelled, “Move in by two’s and empty out the weaponry . . . secure the area!” The grey uniforms entered the encircled sandbags and began to remove weapons from cowering fighters. They raised them in the air as the German soldiers tossed them to the side. It didn’t take long to remove the weapons. A soldier about the age of a teenager waved at the general, “all clear sir!” Straightening his uniform and gave an excited, “Master Sergeant, you and the two behind you come with me. The rest of you secure a perimeter and gather up the wounded.”

The soldiers responded without question as Rommel entered the hut. It had a damp smell like rotting meat in the hot sun. It was humid like an army
barrack after training. The few people in the hut scattered cowering at the wall like dogs welcoming home an abusive owner. In the far back of the large hut sat a man as large as a boulder. He was round and his cheeks sagged from the heat. Covered in sweat he glistened slightly as Rommel made his way towards the man. “Let us dispense with the formalities and get to the point. You know why I am here and you know what I am looking for?” The dark skinned king straightened his crown made from dry bits of plants. “You seek treasure,” Kubrick gave a snide “Well, I guess these heathens aren’t as dumb as high command said they were”. Rommel’s black boots made a hallow sound as he approached the king. THUMP . . .

THUMP . . . THUMP . . . . THUMP. He stopped mere feet from the king, “my men seek treasure, let them have the trinkets, you know what I am after or do I have to speak plainer?” The king gave an unsure look as the seconds past he seemed to not want to reveal the answer. “You fool,” muttered Rommel who quickly added, “The Jewel, the Jewel of the Nile,” “Jewel,” repeated the king. “The diamond, the largest diamond in the world,” Kubrick couldn’t hide his excitement, “the largest diamond in the world”!

Ignoring Kubrick, Rommel’s eyes never left the king’s as he stared back at him. The seconds past as the king continued to be defiant, “I . . . I don’t know what you are talking about?” Rommel gave one final look before turning to Kubrick, “bring me the girl.” Rommel pointed to a dark skinned woman cowering by what looked like her younger sister. Kubrick gave a confused look, but obeyed and grabbed the now screaming woman. “Get off, get off her,” Kubrick shouted as he tore the woman from the grips of the other girl. Kubrick dragged the girl over and tossed her at Rommel’s feet. Taking the girl by the hair and removing his standard German Luger pistol. His eyes motioned to the king, “I’m going to count to three and if you don’t tell me I will start killing every person in this hut starting with her”. The king’s eyes fell on the crying woman as she clenched at Rommel’s hand squeezing her head. “1 . . . 2 . . .” the king didn’t move as his eyes filled with terror, Rommel clicked the hammer back. The king didn’t stir as Rommel said softly, “3.” The King didn’t budge or move. He remained motionless even when the hammer clicked down and a loud BANG made every other person jump in shock.
The woman’s eyes never closed as the side of her head exploded raining blood over the floor. “Careful general you’re going to get it all over my pants and boots!” Releasing the woman she fell with a thud as she hit the wooden floor. The king’s lips trembled but he stared back up at him. “I don’t have the Jewel of the Nile,” Rommel gave a loud, “oh but I think you do. I really think you do . . . the problem is we have to find somebody that matters.” Rommel scanned the room, “what are you looking for general . . .

maybe I can help?” Pointing to the corner it seemed that Rommel had found what he was looking for. “The little boy . . . grab the boy,” Kubrick seemed resistant at this but Rommel knew that his brashness for appeasing the higher ups would bind him to his duty. He grabbed the boy yelling, “come here . . . come here you stupid boy!” Kubrick grabbed the crying child and dragged him to the general. The general took the dark skinned boy and leaned down towards him, “its funny your . . . majesty, but I do believe this boy looks an awful lot like you.” The king’s eyes lay motionless as Rommel continued, “I am going to count to three again and well . . . I think you know what happens if I get to three. However I do assure you that if I get to four, I will kill everyone in this hut and see you burned alive as your pathetic little camp is burned to the ground”. Rommel clicked back the hammer again as the boy screamed even louder, “let go, let go”! Ignoring him Rommel counted, “1 . . . 2 . . .” Before he got to three the king raised his hand “wait”!

The counting had stopped as the king stared down at his son, “you are the heir to this kingdom Munko, and once these monsters are defeated and purged from our lands can we return to the life that we left behind. Our people will need a king when I am gone. I . . . am sorry.” His eyes rose back up to Rommel, “we have treasure”. The king raised his fat leg and with several stomps on the wooden floor he said, “There . . . there is your treasure take it and fill your greed”! Kubrick smiled, “I knew that guy was right all along”. Scanning the floor he moved hay and tall grass out of the way until he found a large set of double doors. “I found the doors general,” Rommel made his way forward, “forget the treasure you fool, where is the diamond”! The king stared at the weathered face of Rommel as he bit his lip then pointing to the doors, “you will find the diamond down there but know this, since its discovery blood follows that cursed diamond. We don’t
call it the Jewel of the Nile . . . we call it a blood diamond . . . beware of its curse”.

Rommel waved him off, “get off it you fool . . . Kubrick you come with me.” Turning to a soldier he said, “you there boy what’s your name”? The soldier began to splutter being surprised at being addressed, “never mind then, never mind, if these heathens trap us down here or try to kills us in any way . . .” Rommel turned to the king and then back to the soldier, “wipe them from the earth and radio headquarters”. Kubrick was already flying down the wooden steps as Rommel made his way to the hole in the floor. He straightened his uniform as he followed Kubrick down the steps. He found him at the very bottom as he stared at a large amount of treasure that seemed taken out of a fairy tale. Small amounts of rubies and gold coins with large strands of pearls stretching through the pile, “oh my . . .” Kubrick couldn’t hide his excitement. “Germany could fight ten wars with the amount of treasure here”. Kubrick reached over and grabbed several coins letting them run through his hand. “You can have the treasure just make sure it gets to Germany”. Kubrick gave a soft, “well I am keeping what is due to me!” “Take it,” snapped Rommel as he made his way to the back of the basement. “Its mere trinkets compared to . . .” “Compared to what”? Kubrick’s snap was silenced when Rommel made his way towards a large golden stand which contained the largest diamond that any human eye had ever seen. Rommel’s eyes glimmered greedily, “the Jewel of the Nile . . .

the blood diamond . . . at last”. Rommel took several steps as he hesitated for several moments before his fingers traced the smooth surface of the diamond. The diamond was the size of a baseball and when Rommel gripped the sides he raised it to his face. A smile curved stretching his wrinkles, “hello you beautiful curse”.

(November 12, 1943)

It was strange how cold the desert became at night. His country’s war across the desert had become something like a blur. The Germans’ marched across the desert razing houses and destroying cities. However the allies had invaded and pounded them back. The only purpose in Rommel’s life was the diamond or the allies. Spending many sleepless hours staring at the diamond and letting it roll within the palm of his hand and between his fingers, he was mesmerized by its beauty. However the months after the
allied invasion of North Africa were some of the toughest battles. While many of his officers rushed into his tent, “please general we need your help”! Rommel’s patience was thin, he wanted to sell the diamond. He wanted the riches that it would provide. It glimmered in the lamplight. In the depths of the very diamond he saw his new dream, a wintery wonderland. He saw their kids playing in the vast mountains of snow. His authentic German Sheppard handpicked from a thankful Fuehrer for a job well done. He dreamed of his arms around his pure blood Aryan German wife as she beamed up at him. His aged face wasn’t able to sprout a tear in the blazing African sun every plea for help was nonsense. It was meaningless and nothing mattered but the diamond. Not the constant, “please general the allies are advancing,” or “general please your needed in the war tent”! The war continued without him and many men came to him threatening “treason” and this would cause him to carry the diamond to meetings with him. The diamond would rest in his hand and distract his planning causing a half hearted attempt at saving the land that he had spent hours planning on conquering months before.

The Nile River was slow beneath them as they were ordered to retreat back to Europe. Rommel was sitting on the deck watching the desert and scattered farms trace the shore lines as the remaining army had separated. Rommel’s little boat puttered alone as the Nile flowed gently underneath him. Sitting at a makeshift table on deck Rommel was once again staring at the diamond letting it reflect in the moonlight. It was beautiful and the minute he got to Germany he envisioned the millions of Reichsmarks coming his way. A life far from war and soldiers, no more blood or the constant “Heil Hitler or Heil my Fuehrer”! He would for once be the man, set on his own little country nestled in the bosom of his homeland Germany.

“General,” Rommel’s thoughts were broken like the breaking of glass. The calming of the Nile had calmed his soul as he continually gazed at his new fascination. “General, I . . . I’m sorry to disturb you sir,” Kubrick had lost much of his confidence the days preceding the capture of the treasure. The slaughter of the innocent civilians seemed to have hit him hard, but was necessary for the assurances of the treasure. “The council is getting together to discuss the safest route home, we have gotten word that allied naval ships are patrolling the area”. Lowering the diamond, “very well,” he stood and placed the diamond into his pocket. “Are we still in the delta,” Kubrick
nodded, “ye . . . yes sir almost in the Mediterranean,” “I know where it is”! Kubrick nodded “of course sir”.

Making his way towards Kubrick and around the corner, he felt a hand on his shoulder, “sir,” Rommel froze and stared at the hand. “I’m sorry sir. I just thought I would let you know that Regiment 38 was completely annihilated by the allies”. The hand never left his shoulder as Rommel shrugged his shoulders to remove it, “and why is that of any concern of mine? Men die all the time for the greater good. It is what a good German does”. Rommel was about to turn when Kubrick gave a soft, “that was the regiment we were with”. Rommel stopped and had given a short, “what do you care, you’ll get your share, I even took the pleasure of having it boxed and marked specifically for you. Now if you say another word of this event to anybody, I will personally make sure that you alone go down for the mess you created. Now get your act together and meet us all on the starboard side deck”. He gave a disgusted look to Kubrick who nodded, “ye . . . yes, you’re right general,” “and stop sniveling like a girl “what has happened to you Kubrick”?

Shaking his head Rommel turned disgusted as he made his way through the small corridor. He noticed the water beginning to pick up. The footsteps above assured him that the captain was busy up ahead. Approaching the front of the boat he was welcomed by several other high commanders waiting to discuss the route. “Good evening gentlemen, I have to say I am surprised to see you come to my boat and leave your other ships to patrol us”. A Lieutenant Sergeant that had been assigned to Rommel late into the campaign, “well sir frankly we were kind of wondering why it would take the entire council to decide the route”. Rommel approached the table, “well I was brought here because I believed you all called the meeting”. Some of the men began to shuffle in their spots nervously, the Lieutenant Sergeant continued, “I am sorry sir, but Kubrick called this meeting”. “Well when he gets here, we will have him explain everything,” Rommel approached the map, “I trust the journey back has been safe for everyone”. They all nodded, “any news on the second group”? “Your plan worked perfectly general,” replied the Lieutenant Sergeant. Rommel gave an uninterested, “well I figured the allies would think that the command of the African campaign would naturally be with the one that would provide the largest protection. Hopefully the idiot allies will chase them while we slip through
the Mediterranean and head back home. I just hope we can get word to High Command to help send aid to the boys to make sure they get back to Germany”.
The minutes ticked by as one of the men unrolled a detailed map of the area. “Very well let’s just get this underway, I’m very tired”. Rommel’s hand dove into his pocket, “so where are we exactly in this delta”? “I don’t mean to cause any discern general but I think we should wait for Kubrick to start the meeting”. Rommel’s thoughts were absent from the Lieutenant Sergeant. The pocket which contained his diamond, the love of his heart was missing. His hand gripped nothing but lint as he reached into his other pocket. The hope that he had simply misplaced it was gone. He began to frantically check his entire coat as he patted his pants. “Is there something wrong general,” the Lieutenant Sergeant looked worried as he clenched his field hat tighter between his armpit. The rest of the command stared at each other with an odd and confused expression. “Where is Kubrick,” Rommel demanded then quickly added, “never mind I’ll get him, you all stay here . . . don’t want to loose another one.” They all gave a nervous set of laughter as Rommel tried as calmly as possible to return to the corridor.

Turning the corner, he was running as fast as he could, “Kubrick,” he shouted. His hands traced his body as he still continued to search for a diamond that he knew wasn’t there. Approaching the open deck he noticed the table and the lantern. Still resting on the table flickering in the night, the absence of Kubrick was clear. Rommel began to panic as a sound began to roar in the night. Heading down a small flight of stairs and around another smaller bow Rommel saw to his astonishment a drifting Kubrick. The motor on the back of his boat was trying desperately to come to life.

“Kubrick, what the hell do you think your doing?” Kubrick looked up as the boat drifted further away. “What does it look like you blithering idiot!” Rommel turned to see that nobody was coming. “You took my diamond!” “Yeah and it took me forever to get it, don’t worry I left you enough to compensate you”. “I’ll kill you,” Kubrick laughed as the boat gave a little rock. “Damn logs,” Kubrick muttered as he pulled on the cord to start the motor. “Give me back the diamond and I will forget this whole things ever happened,” Kubrick’s attention was focused on the motor. “All my planning, all my patience was in vain, halted because of a stupid motor!” Rommel removed his sidearm, “Kubrick come back here or I’ll kill you”!
Kubrick raised his head making his blond hair tousle as he reached into his pocket to remove the diamond. “If you kill me then the diamond goes into the Nile then it will become a true Jewel of the Nile”. He pulled on the cord again, “I waited all that time for you to leave the diamond alone but you wouldn’t. We lost the entire African campaign because of you. I played my part and I got my reward”.

Raising the pistol higher, Kubrick gave another tug of the cord. The engine spluttered and then died again. “How far do you think this baby could float . . . maybe all the way to the sea”? Kubrick snickered as he pulled the cord, the engine gave a roar, “I’ll be seeing you later Erwin”! “You won’t get away with this I’ll just radio the other boats,” shaking his head, “you try that. I think you are in for quite a surprise . . . goodbye!” The engine roared and he kicked it into first gear, he moved only several inches until the engine gave a sickly sound. As the water began to churn beneath him, the boat rocked violently, “what the hell is going on”? The diamond snuggly in his hand as the motor rattled on its locks. “Hang on to the . . .” Rommel’s shouts were silenced when a large splash of water emerged from the water. The waved rocked Kubrick’s boat violently to the side. Loosing control of the motor Kubrick lost his balance as a roar unlike a motor sent a terror through the night.

The large figure was the size of an army truck and its hollow roar was louder than a missile launch. Water rained from all over as Kubrick tossed violently and fell into the creature’s wide mouth. “Hippo,” yelled Rommel as Kubrick screamed, “Oh god help!” The hippo thrashed Kubrick as his giant teeth tore through Kubrick’s flesh. Blood showered over the Nile and some even catching over a screaming Rommel. Kubrick was tossed through the air in the mouth of a giant beast. Rommel began to fire at the monster as Kubrick screamed loudly his fist unclenched and the diamond flew out of his hand. Rommel watched the diamond soar high into the air and flow into the dark night becoming small like a star. It fell to the earth and Rommel yelled the entire time. It made a little gunk as it hit the water. Rommel felt his heart break violently as he clenched it in pain. His dreams smashed to billions of pieces like a kid’s baseball through a window. Kubrick’s screams become dull and even his flaying arms stopped when the hippo tore him to shreds. Rommel ignored him as he stared at the spot where the diamond had fallen. The blood began to run down the Nile turning it red like in the bible.
The hippo smashed the remainder of the boat to pieces as Rommel screamed again “NOOOOOO”!

(Present Day)

“You’re lying Michael,” the sun was bright in Michael’s bedroom. His friends had come over for his birthday. The white walls were covered in many posters of the bands that he loved so well. His four friends gathered around him, “There is no way that you know that!” Michael stared at his friends and then turned to Jack, “it’s in my great great grandfather’s journal upstairs, if you don’t believe me Jack”. “Michael,” called his mother from down the steps, “bring your little friends down the magician is here”! Jack stood up, “so nobody ever saw the diamond again”? Michael shook his head, “according to the journal no . . . now come on let’s get downstairs I want to see the magician”. Jack still looked interested, “um after the act can you show me the journal”? Michael ran towards a cage in the corner and removed a white rabbit from it, “yeah sure Jack it’s really cool”. “Thanks Michael, why do you carry that rabbit around with you,” raising the rabbit and placing it in his arms, “who, Mr. Rager here, he is one of my best friends. He goes with me everywhere I go”. Michael smiled wide when his mother yelled, “Michael and Jack hurry up you slow pokes you’re last ones to come down”! Gripping the rabbit tighter Michael gave an excited, “come on Jack let’s go”!

(To Be Continued)





FOLLOW THE RABBIT

(OUTRO)


BY

ROBBY RICHARDSON

















Heading back . . . I’m heading home . . . proclaim to the world that the

dead have returned home. Life from death or death from life, this is the time for a fresh start. Seize my right to paint the night let it hang like destiny until it becomes a part of me spoken as creativity. Although the road lies broken with the life we put down . . . poof, it’s gone! So tell the world I’m bound, I’m bound for home.

The days after my release from the hospital, I found myself wandering more. The room was gone and I knew that Muerte would forever be gone. After all, the key ingredient was no longer within a fingers length away. I was unable to find a place that I could really call home, so I decided to head back to the place that I always would know. Traveling down a road, I had discovered that my travels had led me to a town called Alsip. Muerte had blessed me with a new beginning and a new life, but in the end “true” believers would discover that it was a curse. I knew Muerte was gone but I always hoped one day it would come back, hoping that it would help me once again find my path.

As I walked down a paved road lined with different cars and different models I realized where I was. I was at a swap meet. One of the largest swap meets in the area. I only knew about this one from the people I had conversed with over the years. People often exclaimed that you could find anything at Alsip’s Swap-O-Rama. Why I entered the large swap meet I will never remember? Maybe it seemed like the place to go at the time? After all if you could get anything from this place, maybe it could show me the path that I needed to travel.
I entered the building and immediately was hit with the smell. Maybe it was the type of people, maybe it was the area? However the building smelled old and had a stink that only seemed to come from garbage trucks rumbling on a hot summer day. I made my way past stall after stall each one carrying different products and items. To say that the swap meet had everything was an understatement. I had never seen so much and in such a variety. It took me at least an hour to walk through the first house. I walked through the second and then the third. I entered through a set of flaps that covered the doorway and I entered a fourth house that seemed to not have been a high selling point. Many of the tables lay empty as the rented sections remained unused and even forgotten. Few were scattered through the room. I passed by a table selling decorative plastic flowers and then another selling different products from the orient. I turned to see two men approaching towards me. They were coming from one of the last booths in the room. It was draped in a red tent and seemed the oddest out of the lot. The two men seemed like they were in a heated debate. As they passed one of them was saying loudly, “you should listen to the rabbit man! It knew that my wife was having an affair and luckily I rushed home early and found the man slipping out my back door”.

Shaking my head in confusion, I began to approach the mysterious tent like structure fitted with golden tassels and a truly different image for this sort of surrounding. I moved closer towards it and noticed that curtains were shut. A brown sign stood on an old looking easel. The sign read, Let the White Rabbit Reveal Your Way asking price $250. I tried not to laugh but I heard another set of laughing from within the tent. I opened the curtain and stepped in to see a man looking approximately my age. He had dirty blond hair and sported a backwards baseball hat. He sat puffing on a cigarette as a large stack of money was being counted in his hands. He waved at me as I entered, “come on in hold on one sec man”! He kept counting as I was able to see that the tent was barren. A table, chair, and a large cage took up the entire tent. I saw a large snowy white rabbit lying in a bed of fine sawdust. Its black eyes rose up at me as his nose sniffed softly. Finally the man looked up at me, blue eyes focused on me. “What can I do for you?”

Unsure of where to being and truthfully unsure of why I entered in the first place. The man stared at me for several seconds his young features
becoming more visible to me as the time progressed. My mouth must have gapped wordlessly several times as the man said, “Look if you not here to ask a question get lost. I’m making money here”! When the man started to rise from his seat I knew I had to think of something fast. “What could you be selling that is worth two hundred and fifty dollars?” The man stopped, “Well, let me ask you this? How much would you pay to have any question answered truthfully?” I laughed, “Nothing”! I smiled but the man just smiled wider, “really? Any question?” “Any question,” I repeated as the man shrugged, “well any question formed in a yes or no response but yeah any question”. “And how do I know its right? I could ask any question even ones that don’t have an answer”. “Well that’s up to the rabbit, I don’t answer anything . . . I just collect the cash”.

Shaking my head, “I don’t believe this. This . . . this rabbit here is going to answer my question”? Laughing, “yep, he can answer anything . . . name is Lyle . . .” he froze and extended his head towards me and gave me a cheesy wink. “What the hell is that for Lyle?” Waving his hands, “nothing, nothing and this is my rabbit Guthrie . . . so just give me the money and ask away”. “Guthrie,” I said with a little chuckle, “yeah dude Guthrie I didn’t name him that’s what he says his name is so that’s what I call him!” I paused “so . . . does he speak”? “Who,” shot Lyle looking confused. “The rabbit,” I watched Lyle look to the hare and then back to me. Laughing slightly, “no, it’s a freakin rabbit! Rabbits don’t talk. Didn’t you learn that in grade school?” “Well then how is it going to tell me the answer?” Lyle walked over to the cage and pointed to a large room in the back of it. There was a little tray table in the front with a window that led into the little house. “You see Guthrie goes into that little house and drops out some letters for you to read”. “And he is right,” Lyle nodded, “every time”! Holding the cash, “and the customers keep coming back”. He waved the cash in front of me, “care to ask Guthrie a question”? I stared at Lyle and then back at the rabbit, “do I get a money back guarantee if he is wrong”? Lyle shook his head, “I’m telling you he is never wrong so there is no need for a money back guarantee”. I opened up my mouth but saw Lyle’s frustrations beginning to grow, “listen if you don’t want to ask then don’t just stop wasting my time. I got other people . . . willing people”!

“Alright . . .” reaching into my pocket I took out the last amount of money that I had collected from the selling of Muerte. “Here, I’ll ask, but if
I don’t get the answer I want I am taking my money back . . .” I slammed the money into his outstretched hand, “by any means necessary”! Lyle smiled reaching over and picking up his cigarette again, “you’re not going to do anything inside this tent, now ask your question and get out. I already dislike your company”. Placing my money on top of another large stack of money he exclaimed, “Alright now approach the cage and state your name”. I turned to the rabbit and then back at him. “Approach the cage and state your name,” he repeated at me. I turned and took a giant step towards Guthrie the rabbit. His eyes focused on me as his ears perked up. It was only then that I had noticed how snowy white he was. He was untouched by dirt, grim, oil, grease, just a perfectly fluffy rabbit with an unusual gift. “My name is Robby Richardson . . .” I froze when I watched the rabbit stir and sit up in his spot. I became startled at the sudden clatter when I realized that Lyle had also stopped what he was doing. He returned his cigarette to the ashtray and repeated my name, “Robby . . . you said, Robby Richardson?” I nodded, “yeah what about it”? Lyle gazed at me up and down, “do you know about Muerte?” I began to laugh, “Muerte, yeah I know it. I know it very well”!

Lyle continued to ponder, but raised his hands “wait right there ok? I have something for you”. Lyle began a panicked search through his table until he opened a drawer to a rolling file cabinet and pulled out a familiar item. It was a black satchel tied with a silver rope around the top. “I have this,” I stared at the satchel, “how . . . how did you get that”? Lyle walked over and handed it to me, “some guy told me that I had to give it to you . . . said that it was the last batch something about not being ready in time.” I took the bag and felt the large amount of powder shift in my hand, “what guy? Who told you about this?” Lyle shrugged, “I don’t know some rude mad scientist . . . had the strangest accent like Russian or something”? “What else did he say,” Lyle waved his hand, “forget him I made a promise to get you that stuff and I have done that, now ask your question and go”. Lyle glared at me until I finally put the small black pouch in my pocket. I took a big breath and moved my way towards Guthrie. My thoughts swimming with questions but none seemed to need an answer. Those were answers that I could figure out with time. As the snowy white rabbit stared up at me I thought deep and hard. I wanted to know a question that the average person
wouldn’t know. I loved the idea of possessing unknown knowledge that the public was unaware of.

I felt the words leave me before my mind could stop them. “What year will the end of the world happen?” The rabbit stared up at me and wiggled his nose several times before turning in its spot and heading into its home. “That scientist also wanted me to tell you something,” “yeah Lyle what’s that”? Gulping slightly Lyle picked up his cigarette again and began to drag several times before saying, “everything that you have done to this point has been for Muerte, and Muerte will be in your life until you find the white rabbit.” I shook my head in confusion, “find the white rabbit?” “The next path is the path of the white rabbit . . . look let me just stop you right there ok? I don’t’ have anymore information then that so either ask your question or take your satchel and go . . . I have completed my task”. “Just one thing Lyle, just one more thing, how am I supposed to find my white rabbit?” Lyle gave a wide smile, “oh that’s the best part!” “Why,” Lyle gave a look of amusement, “come on Robby you know! OH believe me Robby you know!”

“I am done with that stuff and done with that life, I’m going home,” turning to the cage I saw to my astonishment four small blocks each marked with black letters. However this time instead of letters the little tray contained 4 numbers, 2-0-1-6. I backed away slowly and saw that Guthrie was now outside of his house. He was standing on his hind legs eyes locked onto mine. We stared at each other as the seconds flew by. I felt my legs freeze to the ground as a hand clamped on my shoulder. A voice spoke unlike any that I had every heard. It was deep and raspy and when I saw that the voice belonged to Lyle I felt my world being flipped upside down. “It will happen in 2016, 2012 is only the beginning . . . A SIGN . . . be warned if man doesn’t change its way the rapture will come.” Lyle starting laughing as the cage door popped open and Guthrie gave a little hop out of his cage. It dropped in front of me as Lyle’s maniacal laughter was ringing behind me. Guthrie gave a little sniffle as it hopped out the tent door. I turned to Lyle whose eyes had turned black, “follow the rabbit . . . follow the rabbit . . . follow the rabbit”. I turned to the fleeing rabbit and then back to Lyle who was still repeating, “Follow the rabbit . . . follow the rabbit . . . follow the rabbit”!
“WAKE UP,” I was being shaken awake and it took me several seconds before I remembered where I was. My dreams had become much more vivid since my withdrawal from Muerte. “We’re almost there,” rubbing my eyes sleepily, “so is there any particular place that you are going to or should I drop you off anywhere in Chicago Robby,” I shrugged, “yeah anywhere is fine”. “So kid you always hitch hike,” I sleepily leaned my head back on the window, “no”. My driver asked, “So why are you heading to Chicago anyway?” My hands ran down my legs towards my pocket, “I’m just . . . going home. I’ve been away for far too long.” I felt my hand reach a small bulge in my pocket, a bulge that contained the last of Muerte. Muerte would once again reveal my calling however this time it would reveal my true nature. It would reveal what I was destined to become. It would help me find my white rabbit.

The End






Coming Soon

Biohazard: The Writer Eater

[ER}

By

Robby Richardson

Free E-Book

Look for it on FACEBOOK
