A Family Loss:
A Horror Novel

By Anthony North

Copyright: Anthony North 2020
Cover image copyright: Yvonne North, 2020

Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission

Other books by Anthony North

In 2019 I began a 3 year publishing program that will result in 14 volumes of my fiction, inc 7 novels in most genres, & 21 works of non-fiction covering cults, politics, conspiracies, religion, disasters, science, philosophy, warfare, crime, psychology, new age, green issues & all areas of the unexplained, inc ufology, lost worlds and the paranormal. Hopefully appearing at the rate of one a month, check out the latest launch at my bookstore at http://anthonynorth.com or buy direct from Smashwords for all devices at: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
In addition to the above, you may like my ‘I’ Series – 8 volumes of flash fiction (horror, sci fi, romance, adventure, crime), 4 volumes of poetry & 5 volumes of short essays from politics to the unexplained. Available from same links as above. Also check out my bookstore for news of my books out in paperback.

CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine
About the Author
Connect With Anthony

Chapter One

John Ferguson raced from the traffic lights in his customary manner. Brenda, as always, objected.
'You drive too fast,' she said, seeking comfort from the door handle.
'Why isn't there a motorway to the south?' said John as he turned the wheel. 'That's what I want to know.'
'Stop complaining and slow down!'
'There are plenty of motorways to the north. They're ALL to the bloody north. You'd think they'd realize. But no ...'
'Stop swearing,' said Brenda, knowing the day would end in argument.
In the back, Robin had his nose pressed to the window, watching the city rush by. He enjoyed the city; the excitement, the activity - the people, the noise, the buildings. To him it was like a big adventure and so different from the boring green and boring shops and boring people tottering on sticks in THEIR town. He hated that - except the football club, of course.
He was centre forward in the under elevens was Robin. He lived for his football - and his granny, too. They were going to see granny now.
In the front, John ran his fingers through his hair and said: 'I wonder what the old battle axe will find to complain about today?'
'Put your hand back on that wheel! You'll get us all killed … and SLOW DOWN!'
'Brenda, dear,' said John, 'you don't have to have both hands on the wheel all the time, you know. How am I supposed to change bloody gear with both bloody hands on the wheel?'
'Stop swearing.'

They were leaving the city now. Buildings gave way to wide open spaces. John pumped the throttle and Brenda sat rigid, images of burst tyres and raw, red guts hanging limp from overturned wrecks filling her mind.
'Look Robin. Mommy's got her eyes closed again.'
Robin was at Wembley, the last second of injury time and he kicks and he scores and the crowd goes wild ...

One mile to go.
Look for the turn-off - time to slow down. Ease off the throttle. Indicate.
'You can open your eyes now.'
Brenda opened her eyes; offered a sigh of relief. She was alive.
John cursed as he pulled in, just off the neat village green. Coming to a halt, he looked at the ramshackle bungalow inhabited by his mother-in-law. He looked at the flaking paint, the shutter rocking in the wind; the uncut grass, unkempt hedge.
Suddenly he winced as a curtain moved, a wrinkled nose pressing against the window pane.
Brenda saw it, too. She smiled, opened the door and alighted from the car. Then she pulled the seat forward for Robin to scramble out.
'Can I go and play in the garden?' he asked.
Brenda said: 'After you've seen granny.'
Robin pouted. But as the front door opened he went running through the gate. 'Hello, granny,' he said.
Granny stood at the doorway holding out her arms, an old, ruffled shawl falling from her back.
Brenda walked up the path next, folding her arms to keep the cool breeze from her body, giving a slight shiver as it caught her dress, her long, blonde hair blowing in her eyes.
Once by the door she bent down and kissed her mother on the cheek.
'Good journey?'
Brenda gave a dubious reply.
Following this, the old woman said: ‘Come in out of the cold,' cocking her head slightly to say, 'are you coming, Jonathon,' hostility in her voice.
John was still in the driving seat, savouring the peace.
Eventually, he gave a sigh and climbed out of the car, banging and locking the door, muttering under his breath as he negotiated the path, dragging his foot behind him with a distinct limp.
Half way down the path he stopped, taking a deep breath, preparing himself for the barrage of insults which were bound to come. Then, shoulders drooped, he walked in.

Hilda Myers was seventy and a stubborn old stick, already outliving two of her seven children. Ted - her deceased husband - had left her more than comfortable. He had been a careful man, making a will in early age. Which was fortunate, as he died early in life. John was sure she had nagged him to death.
She was sat in her old moth-eaten chair; part of her old moth-eaten suite on an old moth-eaten carpet.
Brenda sat on the settee, Robin already having disappeared outside. She motioned John to sit next to her, but this was not part of John's plan at all.
Rather, he was looking at the vacant armchair, slightly less old looking and moth-eaten than the rest. It had been Ted's, and was now his shrine.
He sat, revelling in the grimace on Hilda's wrinkled, sallow face.
'It's lovely to see you again, dear,' said Hilda to Brenda following a suitable pause to intensify the disgust.
John picked up the paper and pretended to read.
'Oh, mother,' said Brenda, 'it's only been five weeks, you know.'
'Has it.'
'And how have you been feeling?'
Hilda had already feigned a deteriorating posture, and with those words it deteriorated more. 'Oh … I manage dear,' she said, with an intensity of melancholy. She continued: 'Well, I have to, don't I? There's no one here to help me.'
'Don't say it like that mother. You know we'd live closer if we could.'
Brenda felt guilty. John, on the other hand, grunted.
'And how is Robin doing?' asked Hilda, following a theatrical pause to allow the message to get home.
'He's doing very well at school. Especially English - oh, and football. He might be captain next term. That's what John wants.'
Hilda replied with gusto. 'It's about time your husband realized there was more to education than kicking a ball around,' she said. Then she looked at John's deformed foot; the result of an old injury in early life. 'But of course, he could never play, could he.'
John's mouth formed an obscenity behind the paper.
'And when he leaves school John says he can get him a job in the company.'
'The boy should go to university.'
Brenda sensed an argument growing, so changed the subject. 'Have you seen Mrs Mills lately?' she asked, crossing her legs.
'New shoes?' commented Hilda, observing the brown leather high heels.
'What? Oh yes, John picked them.'
'Don't like 'em.'
Paper lowered. Husband rising. Temper boiling ... 'John!'
Half up, half down, John seemed to hover in mid air. He thought a moment and reluctantly sat back, muttering away as he retrieved the paper from the old moth-eaten rug.
'Typical,' said Hilda, tutting away as she held out her chin defiantly. 'Always did have a nasty temper.'
'Oh, don't mother. Please stop it.'
'I warned you not to marry him. You needn't have married. You could have got rid of it. But no, you had to make two mistakes; get pregnant and marry a brute.'
Brenda banged her arm on the settee, disappearing in a cloud of dust. 'Stop it,' she said, 'stop it, stop it, stop it!'
'Now look what you've done,' said Hilda to John.
'Me? Now just a minute you old hag. You started it.' In desperation, John continued: 'I don't know, every time we come; every bloody time. Do you enjoy it? Just look what you're doing to her. She loves you; do you know that? Don't ask me why. Any affection she gives, you just throw back in her face.'
'Rubbish,' said Hilda.
'And you've always got to bring Robin into it haven't you? Okay, we decided to get married because of him. But even with your infernal trouble making we're still happy. Yes, you old battle axe, STILL happy.'
'Don't, John,' said Brenda. 'I'm alright. Let's just leave it.'
She sniffed back a tear and turned to her mother, attempting to bring some semblance of normality to the afternoon. 'Can I help you with tea?' she asked.
Hilda stood up and tottered out of the room. 'I see. Hints now. Go and do tea, Hilda.'
Brenda caught John on the second bound.

Chapter Two

Tea was a sombre affair.
All four sat round a table barely big enough for two. By devious planning, John ended up the only person with table leg between limbs. It always happened that way. Then there was the silent oneupmanship for Robin's favour - a gesture of a bigger slice of cake from Hilda; a promise to play football later from John.
Real conversation was non-existent. And when tea was over, and the table cleared, John and Hilda moved back to their respective corners.
A battle of nerves commenced.
John sat there, watching her, his lips tightly sealed, totally refusing to engage in conversation. Hilda sat bolt upright, her feet resting on an old moth-eaten foot stool. There was a deathly hush; the only sound an occasional jostle of pots as Robin helped his mother with the washing up.
And then that infernal click. Click, click, click as the needles spun in Hilda's hands. Arthritic or not, she could certainly knit.
Click, click, click.
It sent John insane. He looked at her, momentarily flicking his eyes, not letting her notice his gaze. She just stared into space, her jaw showing occasional motion as if chewing on spit.

'There, that didn't take long,' said Brenda as she entered the room.
Robin followed, a sulk evident. He hated washing up. He sat down on the old moth-eaten rug, muttering under his breath.
'I have to go to the hospital again tomorrow,' said Hilda.
'What for?' asked Brenda as she sat.
'More tests.' She tutted again. 'I'm fed up of tests. I wish they'd leave me alone. Let me die in peace.'
'Oh mother, you're not dying,' said Brenda, worry showing through.
John nodded his head.
'Anyway, they say I shouldn't be living on my own. They say I can't look after myself properly. But I'm not going to one of those homes,' she said adamantly, dribble forming in the corner of her mouth.
Brenda evaded the obvious answer. Instead she looked at John, seeking signs of mercy.
John simply stared back at her.
'Well, we'll have to see what the doctor says tomorrow,' she said.
'Don't worry, Brenda. I know your brute of a husband wouldn't have me in his house.'
'It's not that, mother. I just don't think you'd be happy there.'
'Anyway,' said John, 'what about your other four children? Why can't they help? Why does it always have to be Brenda? I don't think you've seen any of them in years, have you?'
'Yes I have,' Hilda snapped.
'No you haven't. And I'll tell you why - because you've driven them away. But Brenda's too soft to realize. Well I'm not, and I'm telling you, we don't want you living with us, and that's final.'
Hilda lowered her head, her knitting falling to the floor. She shuddered, sniffed and reached out for her handkerchief.
'Now look what you've done,' said Brenda, glaring daggers.
'Well ... she had to be told.'
Brenda crossed the room to her mother, placing a comforting arm round her shoulder. A tear fell from Hilda's eye, the moisture sinking into her poker dot dress. 'He didn't mean it like that, mother.'
'Yes I did,' said John.
'Can I go out and play?' asked Robin.
'Yes,' said John, 'and I'll come with you.'
John and Robin disappeared outside, closing the door behind them. Brenda stared at the closed door, annoyed at her husband's ruthlessness; annoyed that he wouldn't even consider having her at home. But she also realized the trouble it would cause. John and her mother shared an intense hatred. And she knew it was Hilda's fault. Since the day she and John met, she had vowed to separate them.
Hilda looked up. A miraculous recovery had taken place. 'I don't know why you stay with him,' she said, capitalizing on the outburst.
'Because I love him, mother.'
'But don't you love me, dear?' Her suddenly pained voice could have won an Oscar.
Brenda sighed. 'Of course I do, mother. But you've got to understand.'
Hilda cut in, anger in her voice now. 'Oh, yes, I understand. Your poor old mother won't be here for much longer, so why trouble yourself.'
'That isn't fair, mother. How could you think such a thing?' Hilda rubbed her eyes and sniffed, refusing to say more.

Other than the ritual goodbyes, nothing more was said. Not at Hilda's, nor in the car on the way home. The day had drained all emotion from them, leaving them numb. Until, that is, Robin was safely tucked up in bed and John had a refreshing cup of tea in hand.
'No, no, no!' he said to the suggestion.
'But it's not fair, John.'
'I'm not having that woman in this house.'
Brenda wasn't about to give up yet. She said: 'We can't just leave her there. Not after what the doctor said last time. She needs help.'
But her pleas were in vain. John just sat there, staring into space, refusing to even consider the possibilities.
Brenda sat opposite, fuelled by a new determination that her mother WOULD move in. She was clearly too old and unstable to remain where she was. Then, suddenly, an inspired idea came to her. Slowly, she stood up and crossed to John's chair, kneeling down by his side, resting her head on his outstretched legs.
John looked down at her, offering a shrewd look. He knew she only ever sat like that when she was scheming. His mind worked overtime as he tried to imagine what was coming next.
'John,' she finally said, not even looking at him, 'do you know what she told me when you were outside playing with Robin?'
'No. But I'm sure you're going to tell me.'
Brenda crossed her fingers. She always did when telling little white lies.
'She's going to her solicitor next week. She's had enough of you. We're being struck off her will.'
She paused, letting him digest the information. Then, she continued: 'You've never done anything for her, so she isn't going to leave me a penny.'
John sat there, speechless. Thoughts flashed through his head. Hilda had been left fifty thousand pounds, plus her insurance … and the bungalow. The final sum would come to six figures. Between five - Brenda and her four surviving brothers and sisters - at least fifty thousand pounds, possibly more.
Brenda never said another word. She just sat there, her back to him, biting on her lip, ashamed of her wickedness.
John thought about the mortgage; the fortune it was costing him. The dream he had regularly of Hilda pegging out, leaving all that money to pay off the house; maybe enough left for a new car. For years he had been dreaming about it.
Brenda thought of her mother upstairs in the spare room - the peace of mind. Then she thought of the arguments it would lead to. She'd be twice as bad with John. But then again, she couldn't last much longer, could she?
John thought about the prison sentence he would be passing on himself - the arguments. Brenda would doubtless stick up for her mother. He shook his head, trying to rid the nightmare from his mind. But then money seemed to fall from the ceiling before his eyes.
'I couldn't,' he muttered. (fifty thousand pounds)
He felt a pain, a yearning.
(fifty thousand pounds)
A prison sentence.
(fifty thousand pounds)
How many years?
Five?
Ten?
It might only be a week!
A gamble. A wish for a quick death …
…a quick death …
A determination appeared on his face; a laugh tried to escape from inside.
He placed his hand on Brenda's head; began stroking her hair.
'Alright, dear. We'll give it a try.'

Chapter Three

John was glad to be back in the car. His hair was a mess, tie undone, sweat pouring from his body. He sat in the driving seat, tapping his foot and twiddling his thumbs as he waited. Tired and out of breath, his mood was far from tranquil.
He looked behind him. Boxes everywhere - Old ones, big ones, little ones; square ones, long ones. In the boot, on the roof rack - over the back seat.
He turned round and peered in the nearest. 'Junk,' he muttered, 'nothing but junk.'
He checked his watch and cursed. He was due back at work in an hour.
He pressed the horn, a shrill blast echoing through the avenue. He looked at the bungalow, searching for signs of movement.
He hit the horn again.
Suddenly Hilda appeared by the front door, her back turned to him. He watched her fumbling with the keys, searching for the right one.
Bingo.
She placed it in the lock and turned it, pulling and tugging on the handle to confirm it was locked.
'Come on!' bellowed John, hurrying her along. But she ignored him and stood her ground, observing the bungalow, caught in the void of time, reliving memories of the past. Good memories, bad memories.

She had lived there for decades - brought up her children there. She had grown old with memories of her husband there; nursing him as he was passing away, his spirit sometimes coming home to remind her of happier days.
And she remembered her little habits - her favourite chair, her old stove; the little rituals such as lighting the fire in a morning - her cocoa before bed. But she was leaving it all now, never to see her beloved home again; going to new owners; turned over to new people with new memories, her old moth-eaten carpets and furniture going to the bonfire.
Hilda became emotional as she stood there with her thoughts, a tear welling in her eye. Then the blast of the horn slowly penetrated and she snapped out of her memories. She sniffed, sucking back her thoughts to the deep cavities of her mind.
She turned to face John, displeasure on her face. 'Alright,' she barked, 'I'm coming.'
John leaned over to the passenger door, pushing it open for her. Hilda shut the garden gate to keep out the rats then she bent down, peering into the car.
'I'm not sitting there,' she said.
John scratched his head. 'What the hell do you mean you're not sitting there?'
'I never sit in the front of a car, Jonathon. You should know that.'
That word; that bloody word again - Jonathon. He hated it, as Hilda well knew. He bit his tongue, trying to remain calm. 'No, Hilda,' he said, 'I didn't know that.'
He thought a moment, a torrent of abuse forming, but he bit his tongue again.
'But I do now, don't I?'
He got out and moved to the passenger door.
One by one he moved the boxes, making room for Hilda, the sudden impulse to transport her on the roof rack disappearing from his mind. Brenda would not be amused.
The front seat began to bulge as he crammed more and more boxes on it.
'Your carriage awaits, madam,' he finally said, beckoning with his hand, a further gesture being given once her back was turned.
'And don't drive fast!'

John did the journey in record time.
He felt rather pleased with his driving, measuring his prowess in the rear view mirror, relishing in the contortions and horrors on Hilda's face. He could almost hear her heart thumping louder and louder, faster and faster. But as he finally pulled into his drive a gloomy state took him over.
They had arrived ... and plan A had failed.
'We're here,' he said. Then, looking at Hilda, added: 'Oh my, you do look awful.'
'Mother,' shouted Brenda as she ran out to meet them. 'Welcome home.'
Hilda sat there, unable to move, taking deep breaths to calm herself down.
John turned away, grinning.
'Mother? Are you alright, mother?'
Brenda opened the car door and the rush of fresh air made Hilda feel a little better. Slowly, she nodded.
'I think she's got travel sickness,' said John.
Hilda raised a shaking hand, gesturing for help.
'John, help me,' snapped Brenda as she bent down to help her mother, nearly falling backwards as she took the strain.
'Having difficulty, dear?' asked John.
Brenda said: 'Big help you are.'
Inch by inch Hilda negotiated the path, trying to cease the sense of movement in her head, misjudging the distance between foot and ground.
It was a hopeless task.
'John, get out of that bloody car and help me.'
'Stop swearing, dear.'

'He's a maniac.'
Hilda was sat just outside the front door taking gulps of air. John was at the car, unloading. He scratched his head, wondering how he got all those boxes in.
'Did you drive fast?' asked Brenda, accusingly.
John offered a look of incredulity. 'Me,' he said. 'Would I do that?'
Brenda cursed.
'Move your feet, Hilda, dear,' said John as one by one he manhandled the boxes into the hall.
'Can't you take them upstairs?' asked Brenda.
'No.’ 
'Why not?'
'Because I'm due back at work. And with another mouth to feed, I can't afford to lose my job.'

'Do you want to come in, now, mother?' asked Brenda as John drove off.
'If I must.'
Brenda helped her inside and on to the settee. 'I'll make you a nice cup of tea.'
'So what do you think of your new home?' asked Brenda ten minutes later.
Hilda put down her cup and looked around her. The lounge was spacious with subtle, pastel colourings. Modern, open plan furniture surrounded her. And then there was the bank of electronic wizardry. Not used to such contraptions, she tried to figure out which was the CD player, laptop - was the cinema sized screen a TV - but gave up after a time.  Then she turned her attention to the suite. It was covered in a fluffy material that made her itch. It was uncomfortable and too low, forcing her to arch her back.
She readjusted her position. 'Don't like the colours,' she said.
'Never mind. You'll get used to it.'
Hilda doubted that.
Brenda said: 'Do you want to see your room?'
Hilda shrugged her shoulders. 'Suppose I'd better,' she said.

With an effort, she got up.
Brenda waited for her by the flight of stairs. Hilda approached, muttering about the central heating giving her a headache. Then she stopped dead, mouth open in horror.
'I'm not going up them,' she said, taking one look at the open plan staircase, the huge, ominous gaps between each step, the flimsy bannister. 'It's a death trap.'
Brenda sighed. It was not going well. 'Don't be silly mother,' she said, 'It's perfectly safe.'
Hilda stamped her foot in defiance, reminding Brenda of a spoilt child.
'Now, mother. This is silly,' she snapped.
'No it isn't. It's dangerous.'
'But if you don't go upstairs, how are you going to go to bed?'
'I'll sleep downstairs.'
'You'll do no such thing.'
Brenda took her by the arm and led her to the bottom step. 'Now, I'm behind you. You won't fall.'
Hilda muttered and raised a foot, her hand gripping the rail.
She raised herself, reciting the Lord's Prayer as she climbed.

The upstairs landing was dusty pink. Yuk, was Hilda's immediate reaction.
'Which is my room?' she said, adding ‘And it better not be pink.’
Brenda opened the door and ushered her through.
It wasn't pink … but …
'Good God!'
'What's wrong now?'
Brenda was stood, arms crossed, tapping her foot. Patience was becoming less of a virtue.
Hilda said: 'Look at it.'
'Look at what?' said Brenda.
'The bed.'
'What's wrong with the bl…. bed?'
Hilda approached it, placing her hand on it, pressing down on it. Finally, after her ongoing inspection, she said: 'At least, it’s soft.'
'What-is-wrong-with-the-bed-mother?'
The room wasn't pink, but Brenda's face was.
Hilda guessed she had gone too far. Sheepishly, she said: 'Nothing.'
'What-is-wrong-with-the-bed!?'
'Well ....' Hilda paused, raising her shoulders in a gesture of hopelessness. 'It's ... it's a bit narrow. I might fall out. I'm used to a double bed.'
Brenda's voice had become rather restrained. ‘There is only one double bed in this house, and I can assure you you won’t be sleeping in it.'
'Yes, dear,' said Hilda. 'I'm sure I'll get used to it.'
Going downstairs was worse than going up, but eventually she made it, rushing back to the settee to restore composure.
'There. That wasn't too bad, was it, mother?'
'No dear. I'll try it again later; get used to it.' Then Hilda had a thought. 'I don't suppose there's a downstairs toilet.'
'No mother,' 'said Brenda.

Chapter Four

It was only six o'clock but John Ferguson had an unquenchable need for a drink. Hence, he pulled up by his local and walked wearily into the Golden Lion.
'What brings you out so early?' asked Ray, his lifelong friend.
Ray was sat on a barstool, one arm resting on the counter and the other holding a half empty glass.
John sighed. He said: 'Fancied a drink before going home.' At that, he loosened his tie and joined Ray on the neighbouring stool. 'Drink up,' he added.
Ray needed no other instruction, drinking up thirstily. John motioned to the landlord. 'Two pints please, Harry.' Harry pulled the pints. 'And one for yourself.'
At this, Harry smiled, nodded his balding head and adjusted his bow tie. He always did this before accepting a drink, as if the favour required an extra neatness. However, he then spoiled the gesture by saying, with more than a little hilarity:  'Today's the day, isn't it, John?'
'Harry,' said John, morosely, 'you could have let me have a drink before reminding me.' He raised his glass and downed half in one go. Holding up the glass, he said: 'Cheers.'
'So what's so special about today?' asked Ray.
John offered a look of despair. 'The mother-in-law has moved in with us.'
Ray was mid gulp. He splurted beer across the bar. 'Oh my God. Wait till I tell Joan.'  He laughed between coughs.
John, being not so amused, said: 'Do you want my beer over your head.'
The day had not gone well. He'd been late back to work, resulting in a mild rebuke from his boss. He had been bad tempered with his staff, so they had been short with him. And now, with his best mate seeing only the funny side of his day, a look of despondency reflected back at him from the bar mirror.
'Cheer up, John,' said Harry, 'just think,' trying his best to bring back a jovial spirit, ‘Brenda won’t complain so much now when you want to come for a drink. She’s got someone to keep her company.'
'The only good thing about it,' replied John, taking another long drink to drown his sorrows.
'What time are you going home, then?' asked Ray, a grin forming.
'Closing time?'
John realized the folly of his sulky mood. It always resulted in ridicule. He elected for a more humorous approach. 'I'm going home shortly,' he said, adding: 'But I might be back.'
He finished his pint. 'One more, Harry,' he said.
'I'll get that,' said Ray, reaching into his pocket. 'After all, he needs a bit of courage tonight.'
'You can laugh. But it could happen to you.'
'No chance,' said Ray, 'I think I'd kill her first.'
'Now that's a sobering thought.'
'What?'
'Oh ... nothing.'
'First sign of madness, you know, talking to yourself.'
John shook his head. He said: 'Second.'
'What's the first then?'
'Allowing your mother in law to stay.'
Laughter broke out and John had another long gulp. 'Another one please, Harry.'
'Hitting it a bit tonight, aren't we, John,' said Harry. John checked his watch. He was feeling rather comfortable in the pub, not cherishing going home at all. Not that night, not any night.
He had seven pints before he finally left. He wasn't a heavy drinker; the odd night out for an hour. Two, maybe three pints; but six and he was usually any body’s. He said his farewells and followed a meandering path to the door.
The fresh air gave him hiccups. Cursing, he tried to hold his breath, but his attempt was forestalled by a belch. A passing couple uttered distaste, so he offered an obscene sign and belched again.
Screwing his eyes, he searched the car park for his car, his gaze falling on one after another until he found it. He walked towards it with his arms outstretched, as if on a tightrope. Safely leant against it, he searched for his keys, striking lucky at the fourth attempt, the first three being postponed due to wind.
His first attempt at locating the key hole resulted in scratching the car. For the second, he found the key hole with a loose finger and guided the key therein.
'Eureka,' he said, and as he was about to unlock the car, Ray came up behind him and said: 'You must be joking. You don't think I'm going to let you drive in that state, do you?'
Ray called him a taxi, which deposited him clumsily on his door step.
Hiccups gone, he took a brief intake of fresh air before deciding to go into his now stuffy and claustrophobic home. Finally, he walked in, somehow managing to bump both sides of the hall at once.
Brenda showed no emotion as he walked into the lounge. She just looked at him, scowled, and returned to her book.
John stood in the middle of the room, feeling a need to sway from side to side. He turned away from Brenda and observed Hilda, knitting away in his chair. Yes, HIS chair. She never even registered his presence.
'Welcome to my house,' he said, the words hardly recognizable.
He blinked to increase focus. 'Are you quite comfortable?'
Hilda looked up momentarily. She said: 'Yes thank you, Jonathon.'
'Your dinner is in the oven,' snapped Brenda. 'And I suggest you eat it in the kitchen.'
For the first time in his life John was shocked to recognize the similarities between Brenda and her mother, and all of a sudden he felt like a caged animal; unhappy and alone. He said: 'I'll have my bloody dinner where I normally have my bloody dinner.' He tried his hardest to use correct punctuation, but failed.
Brenda turned a page.
'Did you hear me?'
'You're disgusting,' snapped Hilda. 'Is this what my daughter has to put up with?'
John faced her again, but immediately closed his eyes. One Hilda was bad enough, but two?
'Mind your own bloody business,' he said.
'Brenda, are you going to let him talk to your mother like that?'
'Just ignore him, mother.'
Hilda chuntered momentarily and carried on with her knitting.
John passed out.

Chapter Five

John was cold when he woke up.
His head thumped and he had a stale taste in his mouth; a dryness that made his tongue stick to his palate. He worked his jaw, plucked his lips, forcing inner juices to moisten his mouth. His eyelids felt heavy.
The room was empty and dark. The heating was off. 'Charming,' he said to himself.
He raised himself from the settee, noticing an intense ache in every joint. He looked at his watch, just able to see in the moonlight shining through the window. It was two o'clock in the morning. Yawning, he rubbed his eyes. His gut rumbled, hungrily.
Stumbling into the kitchen, he turned on the light; an action he immediately regretted. Eyes closed, he fumbled in the fridge, pulling out a lump of cheese and a cool pint of milk. He returned to the lounge and had a snack.
Partially refreshed, he walked up to bed. On the landing, he stopped by Hilda's half open door. He peered into the darkened room; saw she was fast asleep.
An intense feeling of hate took him over, then. 'Soon,' he whispered. 'Soon, Hilda, soon,' and retired to bed.

The alarm clock woke him with a start.
He cowered under the sheets for several minutes, as if a vampire caught out in daylight. Then, slowly, he braved the morning and got out of bed.
He looked in the mirror and sighed. His eyes were bloodshot and bulged out of his head. Sore, red marks surrounded them and deep, bluish bags sagged ungraciously below.
Slowly he dressed and negotiated the landing to the bathroom.
The noise of the flushing cistern filled his head with pain, the scrapping of the toothbrush adding to the punishment.
'I hope you're ashamed of yourself,' snapped Brenda a couple of minutes later as he entered the kitchen.
He sat at the kitchen table, lowering his head and careful not to scrape the chair across the floor. 'Have we any aspirin?' he asked.
'Sore head, have we?' She banged a pan on the unit; banged a cupboard door.
'You look awful, dad,' said Robin. 'You got a bug?'
'Yea. Something like that.'
Brenda said: 'Your father has a hangover. He had too much to drink last night. He is NOT ill, and don't treat him as if he was.'
With a bang, Brenda placed his breakfast on the table.
John looked down at it. His stomach rumbled. Greasy bacon, greasy egg, greasy sausage, greasy tomato. He turned away. 'Got any toast?'
'You have a proper cooked breakfast in this house. If it isn't good enough, then you do without.'
He couldn't take any more. He banged his fist on the table, pots jumping into the air. 'Now look,' he said. 'This is my house and I will have what the hell I like for breakfast. I want toast, then you do me toast. Is that clear?'
Brenda stood motionless, a twitch in her eye. Suddenly she tugged at her apron, pulled it off and threw it to the floor.
'If you want toast,' she said, 'then do it yourself.' She stormed out.
'Phew,' gestured Robin. 'You must have had one hell of an argument last night.' He picked up his school bag and casually called: 'Bye.'
John said: 'Bye, son,' in a nonchalant sort of way.

He sat there, head rested in his hand, arm supported by elbow on the table. He picked up his fork and pierced the yoke of his egg. Eventually he pierced a piece of tomato and put it in his mouth. It wasn't as bad as he thought it would be.
He lowered his other arm and picked up his knife, cutting into his bacon, imagining it to be Hilda's neck.
Suddenly, he had an appetite.
He felt better, thinking of Hilda dead. It was good, reassuring. He cut deep into a soft tomato, the red juice flowing over the plate. It was Hilda's blood and he was beginning to enjoy his breakfast.

Chapter Six

'How long has it been now, John?' asked Harry as he pulled a pint.
'Nearly a fortnight,' replied John, a depression in his voice.
'Good God. Ray reckoned you'd only last a couple of days before kicking her out.'
'There's still time.'
'Hi, John,' said Ray as he walked in. 'This after-work drinking is becoming a bit of a habit.'
'But much needed.'
'You look ill, you know.'
'So would you if you had to put up with a bitch like that.' John looked drawn and tired. He carried his body sluggishly, as if he didn't care any more. Even his limp had deteriorated.
'What you need is a holiday. Get away from it all.'
'What I need is a bloody big gun.'
His life was becoming intolerable. But he knew he had to put up with it a while longer. He realized the error of anything happening to her so soon after her move; the automatic suspicion would be damning.
'She's pinched my chair, she turns the telly over when I'm watching a programme. Every chance she gets she sticks that bloody big nose in. I'm about fed up with it.'
Ray pitied him. It was bad enough when HIS mother in law came to stay for the weekend. But John's? Well, he knew her, and she was twice as bad as his.
'Well what does Brenda do about it?' he asked.
'Nothing. Hilda can't do a thing wrong. You know Ray, we used to be so happy.'
'Of course you did.'
John picked up his glass. He was beginning to feel a need for it; its comfort, its solace - freedom from the pressures of life.
'But no more. It's like a prison. Do you know, I hate going home.'
The depression was setting in. He could feel himself descending into that bottomless pit. The depths of misery, and there was nothing he could do yet to relieve it. But he knew he couldn't last much longer. Something would have to be done soon. But the time had to be right. He had to be sure it would look like a natural death, or an accident; or at least, in such a way that the coroner would be unlikely to question her fate.
He had a plan, but she would have to be physically at a low ebb for it to work. Infact, the planning would be almost impossible, he knew. But he also knew that he would have to act at the first opportunity. He even thought about that very night, if it presented itself.
'Oh, well,' he said, coming back to reality, 'I suppose I'd better go home.' He thought a moment. 'Correction. Lodgings.'

It was an average night when he arrived home.
'You're drinking too much,' said Hilda.
John ignored her. Infact, he always ignored her now. He refused to argue. That might bring additional suspicion down on him. He couldn't talk to her civilly. So he ignored her.
'You all eat the wrong food,' she continued, baiting him, knowing it would eventually lead to argument between him and Brenda.
John bit hard on his food, counting to ten, trying to shut off her constant whining, almost wishing for deafness rather than a mere injured foot.
He looked at Robin. He looked fed up, too. His family life was suffering, but the boy was the least of John's worries at that moment.
He bit into his food again, and it was Hilda's jugular.
And then, in a flash, he decided. He would start tomorrow. She had had long enough.  He MUST start tomorrow.
John Ferguson looked at his mother in law and smiled.

Chapter Seven

John enjoyed his Saturday mornings in bed. No one ever disturbed him; or so he thought.
'What? You must be joking.'
'No I'm not,' said Brenda.
'What time is it?'
'Ten o'clock.'
John replaced his head on the pillow. 'Go away,' he said.
'Oh, please John. For me.'
'I'm not driving into town, and that's final.'
Ten minutes later, John was in the hall, fumbling with his car keys.
'But I've got football practice soon,' pleaded Robin.
'Don't worry,' said John. 'I'll drop them off and take you to the practice.'
Robin conceded. But why the two women wanted to go shopping on Saturday was a mystery to John. Brenda had never shopped in the Saturday crowds before.

'Are you alright, John?'
'Yes, Brenda, I'm perfectly alright, considering.'
Brenda sat in the front of the car, and Hilda and Robin in the back. He turned the key and drove off.
Soon, Robin said: 'Hurry up, dad. I'm supposed to be there in half an hour.'
'There's plenty of time,' said John, then, casting a look behind, 'providing they hurry up and get their bags out of the boot.' Which gave him an idea.

He came to a halt in the multi-storey car park, just to the side of a vacant space. 'Out you get then,' he said.
Brenda looked puzzled. She said: 'Why have you come up here if you're taking Robin to the football practice?'
John said: 'I just want to pop to the bookshop. There's a book I want.'
'Well I can get that for you.'
'You'll get the wrong one. It won't take me a minute.'
'Well aren't you going to park before we get out?'
'And how are you going to get the bags out of the boot if I'm parked right up against the wall?'
Brenda realized the predicament and alighted, helping Hilda in the process.
'Good grief,' said Hilda, 'that's a long way down.'
She peered over the edge of the wall and suddenly realized they were three storeys up.
Brenda had already opened the boot. Robin waited in the back, annoyed at his father's intention to go to the shops. He would surely be late now.
Brenda was always impatient when it came to shopping; always hurrying along. Hilda, on the other hand, was slower. John kept the engine running, gently pressing the throttle, selecting reverse, ready to go back into the space.
Bang! The boot slammed shut. He looked in the mirror. Brenda moved round the side and suddenly the car careered backwards, John gunning the accelerator.
Brenda screamed as she saw the back wheels approach Hilda's legs.
Hilda turned to see the car heading straight for her.
'John! Stop!'
'Dad! Watch granny!'
John's eyes were full of menace. He tried to ignore the swift warnings, to accelerate and force her over the edge, but the chance was gone; they had seen too soon. He would never get away with it now. It would LOOK like murder.
He slammed his foot on the brakes, bringing the car to a halt just inches from her leg.
'You stupid woman!' he cursed as he jumped from the car. 'What do you think you're playing at? Surely you could see I was reversing. Why the hell didn't you move?'
'Stop it,' said Brenda. 'Can't you see she's terrified?'
'So she should be. She shouldn't be allowed out. She's a menace.'
Brenda ran over to console her mother. Hilda was shaking violently. 'Brenda,' she finally said. 'I don't feel like shopping any more.'
'Of course not. We'll go home.'
John returned to the driving seat. 'Let's go shopping. Let's go home. Let's go shopping. Let's go home.'
'We can do it another day,' said Brenda, issuing daggers at John.

But that was only the first attempt. And in order to unnerve her, John had learned to be subtle indeed.
'It always happens at the same time of day,' said Brenda.
She was drinking her cocoa. 'Whoever it is, they've noticed that I go out to pick up Robin from school. And I'm not staying in; not even for mother. Those lorries from the industrial estate are a menace. I'm sure he'd end up under one if I let him come home by himself.'
John listened intently. 'Well I can't understand it,' he said. 'Who would want to make obscene phone calls to Hilda. It doesn't add up. Unless he's a geriatric Casanova. You never know, he might ask her out; give us a break.'
'It isn't funny, John. She's worried.'
John sighed. 'Are you sure she isn't making it up. You know she likes to be centre of attention.'
Brenda said: 'No. I don't think she'd do that.'
'What about a wrong number?'
'The same time every day for over a week? Hardly likely.' 
'Well, if it continues, I'll change the number and go ex-directory.'
John was ready the next day at four o'clock as usual. He sat in the office toilets with a mobile in his hand - pay as you go, so it cannot be traced. He tabbed in the number and placed it to his ear ...

He was alone in the kitchen. He had told Brenda he had some work to catch up on. 'It'll only take half an hour. But I need silence. Loads of figures and all that.'
He could hear Coronation Street begin in the lounge. Brenda and Hilda would be glued to the set for the next half hour.
No one would disturb him.
He took the screwdriver and opened the plug to the kettle. Taking out the wires, he reconnected the live to the earth, leaving the other wires unconnected. He replaced the cover and sat there for the next twenty minutes before going in to the lounge.
An hour later Hilda got up as she always did at nine o'clock. She began walking to the kitchen.
'Sit down mother,' said Brenda, suddenly. 'After that last phone call you're too upset. Take it easy. I'll make the tea.'
John's heart missed a beat. 'No!' he said. He jumped to his feet. 'I'll make it.'
'No you won't. You make lousy tea.'
'No, no ... I insist.'
'Don't be stupid, John. I'll make it.' She disappeared into the kitchen.
John turned white.
In the kitchen Brenda filled the kettle and connected the mains. Nothing happened.
'Strange,' she muttered. She checked that the automatic cut-out switch was depressed. It was. She stood back and stared at it. Then she touched the casing to see if the water was getting hot.
She never found out if it was. She jumped as the electric shock pulsed through her body.
John rushed into the kitchen. There was nothing he could have done to prevent it without putting suspicion on himself. But he knew that a healthy woman like Brenda would not be damaged. You had to be old and frail for a shock like that to be fatal; usually bringing on a heart attack.
'What's wrong?' he asked.
Brenda was sat down, holding her hurting hand, a tear ready to roll down her cheek. 'That kettle. It gave me a shock.'
'Oh dear. Go and sit down in the lounge for a minute. You'll be alright. I'll have a look at it.'
A minute later, John joined the ladies in the lounge. He had worked frantically with the screwdriver. 'It's boiling now,' he said. 'One of the wires was loose.'
How he managed to contain his frustrations, he did not know.

Chapter Eight

Things were not going well.
She had the luck of the devil, thought John as he sat on the bar stool. 'Where's Ray?' he asked.
'Working late, I suppose,' said Harry. John had another pint and went home.
He drove lethargically; his heart wasn't in it. His heart wasn't in anything any more. His plans were failing. Something would have to happen soon - some idea, some chance. He couldn't put up with Hilda much longer.
The house was quiet. Dinner was ready and no one nagged.
John couldn't believe it.
He thought, at first, that they had had a change of heart; have a sort of be-nice-to-John day. But then Hilda was sat in the armchair, her head to one side, cushions under both arms to support her elbows and a further cushion behind her head. On the table to her front stood medication of all kinds and she looked delightfully ill.
Her face was sallow; a putrid, yellowish, white. Her eyes were recessed and glazed, mouth dry, nose bright red and sore. She issued a pained expression; she was suffering gravely.
‘Are you sure you don't want me to call a doctor?' asked Brenda.
'No,' replied Hilda in a weak, tired whisper. 'I'll be alright.'
Brenda approached her, holding the thermometer in a threatening way, waving it about like a sabre before plunging it into Hilda's half open mouth. She counted the seconds on her watch, retrieving it after a minute.
'You've got a temperature, mother. I think you need a doctor.'
'She'll be alright,' said John, knowing the time had arrived. 'She's got a bad cold. That's all.'
'Well ... it could be, I suppose.' Brenda sat down, not knowing what to do.
'Alright,' she eventually said, 'but if she's still bad tomorrow I'm calling the doctor.'
'Don't fuss,' said Hilda. 'I'll have a hot drink and go to bed.'

Brenda went into the kitchen to prepare a mug of cocoa. John picked up the paper, pretending to read. Secretly, he gathered his thoughts for his plan of action, physically and mentally preparing himself for what he knew had to be done. Then he lowered the paper and stared at her; an unnerving, menacing smile on his face.
Hilda didn't notice it at first; she never even looked at him. But some strange sixth sense was working overtime in her mind, telling her that something was amiss.
She felt his eyes upon her and raised her head. She stared back, a blank stare, not understanding his thoughts.
'What do you want?' she asked feebly.
His eyes were affecting her, frightening her.
'Stop staring like that.'
He carried on.
Hilda adjusted her position, feeling uncomfortable. She sensed an increase in her heartbeat; a strange, cold sensation ran down her spine. She tried to turn away, but couldn't. The gaze had her transfixed.

Brenda returned, then, cocoa in hand. John lowered his head and returned his eyes to the print on the paper.
'Here you are mother,' said Brenda.
Hilda leant down but was unable to reach the cocoa; the strain pained her back.
'Let me help you with that,' said John, crossing from his seat and raising the mug for her, his arm resting uncomfortably on the back of her neck.
Their eyes met and she saw that same intense, burning gaze.
Hilda suddenly felt worse; sensed evil in him and wanted him to go away.
'You look awful, Hilda,' said John. 'I think you should go to bed now.'
Brenda echoed the statement, encouraging her to hurry her drink.
'Yes. I think I will.'
'I'm getting a bit of a headache, too,' advised John, rubbing his head. 'I think I'll go for a walk. Try to shake it off.'
'Well you needn't come down ill,' said Brenda. 'That's all I need.'
'Stop complaining,' said John, annoyed at her coldness towards him. 'I'll help Hilda upstairs on my way out.'
The statement brought fear to Hilda's mind. She didn't want him to help her. She was suddenly very frightened indeed.
'Come on Hilda,' he said, taking her by the arm, forcing her to her feet; pulling her, giving her no chance to argue the point or fight, no chance to tell Brenda of her fears. She was hopelessly in his power, unable to argue, too weak to struggle.
Slowly, she stood, her whole body aching, and John helped her out of the room.
'Goodnight,' said Brenda as the two of them disappeared into the hall.

Hilda carefully placed her hand on the banister, pulling herself onto the first step, not daring to take her eyes off John. She scrutinized his every movement, her shaking hand grasping for a hold further up the rail.
John said: 'Come along Hilda, you can go faster than that.' He pressed the small of her back, urging her on.
Hilda screwed her eyes. 'What do you want?' she said. 'What are you playing at?'
John said nothing. Just stared.
Hilda began to tremble uncontrollably, every nerve warning of danger. 'I know you hate me,' she said, terror distorting her voice, 'but you wouldn't try anything. You'd never get away with it.'
'Wouldn't I?'
The message registered. His voice had an emphasis towards menace, as if uttered by the devil himself; and the contortion of his face, like a mad wolf, teeth pronounced and ... sharp.
'I'm going to get rid of you, Hilda. I just want you to know that. Yes, Hilda, I'm going to get rid of you soon. Are you sorry yet for what you've done to me?'
Hilda tried another step, realizing the danger she was in and wanting to be in the safety of her bed.
'You wouldn't,' she said. 'Not here. You'd never get away with it. You can't get rid of me like that. You're just trying to frighten me; force me to go into a home. I'll … I'll tell Brenda.'
'Do you really think she'd believe you? Do you really?’
John knew she wouldn't. Brenda may side with her mother against him, but she wouldn't believe that, and Hilda knew it too.
He continued: 'But don't worry Hilda. Not here. Not yet. But soon; very, very soon.'
His eyes filled with pleasure. ‘But you ARE worried, aren’t you Hilda?'
He pulled at her arm slightly, knocking her off balance, just stopping her from falling.
'You don't like these stairs do you Hilda? They're very dangerous, especially for an old woman like you. What if you fall? You could break your neck.'
He was loving every minute of his power.
'I'll always be here, Hilda. I could get rid of you any time, any place, and no one would suspect. And Brenda will never believe you if you tell her.'
She was on the top step now. With all her strength she loosed his grip on her and took flight to her bedroom. John stood on the landing a few moments, giving her time to sit on the bed; to feel safe. Then he threw open the door, his shadow falling upon her, huge and monstrous.
Hilda jumped.
John … smiled.

Chapter Nine

It was a crisp evening.
John looked up at the sky. Not a cloud. There would be a frost that night.
He blew into his cupped hands to warm them, then he turned up his collar before thrusting his hands deep into his trouser pockets, wishing he had brought a coat.
He didn't have a headache. But he needed the time to prepare himself. John Ferguson wasn't really a bad person, but he knew it was a matter of survival. It was him or her.
He thought of his plan. Keep her on edge; play on her old, weak heart. Give it unbearable strain and maybe, just maybe, it would pack up. Yes, a good idea. Not murder at all. No one would suspect, and he would be released from his sentence … and all that money; payment for the torment he had been suffering.
She was ill anyway - that cold; a bad one - and at her age.
But what if Brenda DID call a doctor? He might give her something to buck her up, give her strength. He couldn't have that.
Tell Brenda she's putting it on - a stupid old woman yearning for more attention. Brenda would believe that. She may love her mother, but she knows how well she can play on feelings. Yes, tell Brenda.

'Goodnight,' said a passer-by.
The greeting brought John out of his thoughts. He returned the pleasantry with a smile, suddenly realizing where he was.
He had come to the football club.
His ears pricked back. He heard the sound of young, excited voices.
Robin was playing well. It was a five-a-side match; a practice, getting ready for the game of Saturday. John stood on the line, watching.
He was a natural was Robin; the best player by far in the under elevens. He tackled with ease, kicking the ball slightly in front of him, dribbling with style past his opponent and then THUMP.
The ball sailed through the air and hit the back of the net with the precision of a guided missile.
The spectators clapped as Robin turned, holding his hands in the air. A team mate ran up to pat him on the back, jumping on his shoulders and ruffling his hair in frantic excitement. Then Robin saw his father, smiled and waved at him.
John returned the greeting, happy with Robin's success; and envious that the sport had been denied him because of his injury.
A few minutes later the final whistle blew and the game was over. A barrage of applause exploded as the players exited the pitch and headed towards the clubhouse.
'Are you going home, dad,' asked Robin, raising his voice to be heard from the other side of the pitch.
'Yes,' replied John, suddenly realizing the numbness of his feet, stamping them hard on the grass to ease the circulation.
'Hang on, I'll walk back with you.'

John sat on the stand, waiting for Robin to change. The wood was damp under him and he felt uncomfortable, but he didn't mind. He suddenly became aware of how long it had been since he really talked to his son. Not since Hilda arrived, he realized.
Curse that woman, he thought, curse her.
He watched the entrance to the changing room as one by one the players emerged, running home. He envied their happiness with self and with life. Then Robin emerged.
John immediately noticed the difference. Robin walked heavily; not light and springy like the others. Slowly he made his way to his father, kicking the newly laid, brown leaves with his feet, his head down, shoulders slouched.
'What's the matter, Robin?' asked John as the two met.
'Nothing. Why?'
Robin seemed snappy, trying to hide his true feelings. 'Come on, Robin. I know you well enough to know there's something wrong.'
'Well ... ' Robin went into deep thought, deciding the best way to tackle the situation. 'I just feel alone, nowadays. I only feel right when I'm playing football.'
'What do you mean?'
'I don't know.' He offered a despairing look, a long sigh to add emphasis.
John said: 'Come on, out with it.'
'Well ... ever since granny arrived everything seems different.'
'In what way?'
Robin had another think. 'Nobody seems to talk any more,' he finally said. 'We used to be so happy. You used to play with me and talk about my school work. Mom used to show interest in me, praise me when I was good. But not any more. Not even you and mom talk properly any more. If you're not arguing then you're not talking to each other, giving each other filthy looks and I hate it …'
Robin was close to tears now. He just stood there, engrossed in his sorry state.
'We just don't seem happy any more.'
John was deeply affected by the words. And he knew it was true. He had neglected Robin, tied up in his own thoughts of retribution. And there certainly was a strained situation between Brenda and him.
'So you think granny is to blame, do you?'
'Well ... yes. Everything changed when she arrived.' There was emphasis on 'she.'
'But I thought you loved granny.'
'I do, honest.' Robin sauntered off, his sports bag swaying from side to side as he clutched the strap. 'But at times I just wish she had stayed in her own house. Leave us alone to be a family again.'
John followed after him, a tear coming to his own eye, feeling an intense anger burning inside him. That woman was destroying everything; everything he had ever wanted or loved. Even his own son. 'Curse her,' he spat as he caught up with him.
'What?'
'Oh, nothing,' said John. 'Nothing at all. Just thinking aloud.'
John tapped him on the head as he ran off, his limp giving the impression of an ape in a suit, his body going up and down as he dragged his foot.
'Come on, let's find a conker tree.'
Robin sensed the hint of change in his father and followed, soon over-taking him and running for the trees.

'Where have you two been?' asked Brenda as they walked into the house.
They were laughing and giggling and their pockets were full of conkers.
'I've been worried to death. It's after nine o'clock.'
John looked at his watch, not realizing how late it was. 'Oh, hell. Sorry love.' He leant forward and kissed Brenda on the cheek, pulling out a hand full of conkers in the process. 'We've been busy, haven't we Robin? Didn't realize the time.'
Robin tugged at his father's trousers. 'Come on, dad, give 'em to me. I want to string 'em.'
'Not tonight you don't,' said Brenda. 'You're going to bed.'
Robin looked at his father in vain hope of salvation, but John shrugged. 'Never mind,' he said. 'I'll help you string some of them in the morning before you go to school.'
Robin beamed. 'Great!' he said.
'Shh,' gestured Brenda, placing a finger to her lips. 'Granny isn't very well.'
'Oh.' Slouched shoulders. 'Goodnight.' Pained walk upstairs.
'You two seemed in a good mood for a change,' said Brenda.
'Yes. We don't seem to have played much lately.'
Brenda remained quiet a while, then said: 'John …’
'Yes?'
'John, I know it isn't easy nowadays, but it IS for the best you know.'
John sensed she was trying to reassure herself rather than him.
'We couldn't have left her where she was,' she continued.
Then she leant forward and gave John a kiss.
'I know. We'll just have to get used to it.'
Brenda smiled. He was talking like he used to; before her mother came, many trials and tribulations ago when they were happy and carefree; the perfect couple. He talked lovingly in that low, soothing voice.
'I'll make a cup of tea,' she said after kissing him once more.

John waited for her to retire to the kitchen. He peered through the half open door between lounge and hall, glimpsing the bottom of the staircase. Ears pricked back, listening for the gentlest sound, he walked out of the lounge and up the stairs.
He peered into Robin's room; he was already fast asleep.
He closed the door behind him, careful not to make a sound. Then he approached Hilda's room.
She was lying on her side, curled up like a ball, her head smothered by the covers, as if hiding herself away.
He crept into the room, careful of the loose floorboards.
He hovered over her. She was fast asleep. Slowly his hand went down to her mouth, clasping it lest she screamed.
Hilda woke with a jolt, her body stiffening with fear. There was madness in him as their eyes met.
He shook her.
Then he stopped and held her by the shoulders, bringing her creased and contorted face close to his own.
'Soon, Hilda,' he said. 'Soon.'
She shook uncontrollably as he left her, shutting the door behind him, cutting out the light from the landing, knowing she felt secure in its beam, dreading the total dark of night.
She felt pain build up inside; the stress, the sheer terror.
Her head ducked under the sheets and she closed her eyes tight, trying to return to the oblivion of sleep, her breathing shallow and erratic.

Brenda was sat on the settee when John walked downstairs. 'Where have you been?' she asked, sipping her tea.
'I thought I heard something,' he lied. 'Went to check on Hilda. Make sure she was alright.'
'My God. The walk certainly did YOU some good.'
John laughed, enjoying the momentary return to happier times.
Then a fresh thought came to him.
'Do you realize how long it’s been since we were alone together?' he said. And without waiting for a reply he turned off the light and held her in the soft glow of the moonlit night

Chapter Ten

'Are you getting up this morning!' shouted Brenda from the bottom of the stairs.
John was in bed, smiling. However, her words changed the look into one of feigned sickness. He swallowed. 'No,' he said with the clarity of a toad.
Brenda stomped upstairs. As if she hadn't enough on her plate this morning. She stood, arms crossed, by the bedroom door. 'What did you say?' she asked.
John raised a tired finger and pointed to a supposed sore throat. 'Can you ring work,' he said. 'I think I'll have the day off. Hilda's given me her cold.' He sniffed to emphasise his sorry state. 'I feel awful.'
Brenda, suddenly concerned, hurried over to the bed, sat and felt his forehead. 'Well, you haven't a temperature,' she said.
'So what? I feel terrible.'
She smiled. 'Who's got a teeny weeny cold den,' she mocked. 'Alright, you poor little thing.'
This may have been said sarcastically, but the next sentence was not:
'But don't think you're staying in bed all day. You can look after mother, cold or not.'
'What do you mean?' He tried to look shocked.
'I'll be out all morning, won't I? You know I always go out on Wednesdays - won't be back until three.'
'Oh yes. I forgot.' He hadn't. 'How is Hilda, anyway?'
'Still asleep.'

His smile reappeared when she left. Everything was going according to plan. Brenda would be out and Robin at school. He closed his eyes and dozed.
'Bye'
John gave her a couple of minutes. She often forgot something and came running back; retrieve a purse, or bag, or something. But not today. Today he was alone with Hilda.
He crept out of bed and dressed, gingerly crossing to the bathroom to wash. He never made a sound. After all, he didn't want to wake Hilda until he was ready.
Fully refreshed, he spied her through the partially open door which Brenda had re-opened when going to bed.
Hilda was on her back, her wrinkled chin pointing to heaven as she snored.
The bed was placed head-on to the connecting wall between bedroom and landing and John decided it was time for Hilda to wake up. He walked along the landing and selected the point immediately behind her head. He banged the wall.
Was it a scream he heard?
'Morning Hilda!' he said, darting into the room. 'And how are you this morning?'
Hilda sat up, her sheets in front of her face, cowering from her son-in-law.
'Get out,' she said, finding resolve from her inner soul. 'Leave me alone.' But her voice was weak and fearful.
John stalked across the room, laughing. He crouched by her, his face meeting hers, his hand touching her forehead, her sweat smearing his freshly washed hand, sticky to the touch.
He felt her frail, trembling body, shuddering in his presence. 'Soon, Hilda. Soon.'
'Bren-DA!'
It was shrill. Cutting. The voice of one in mortal danger.
A last plea for deliverance.
He towered over her, forcing her to cower and he laughed some more.
'She isn't here,' he said, delightedly. 'She's gone out. And she won't be back for hours.'
Hilda felt the menace in those eyes again.
'We're alone, Hilda. All alone.'
Hilda sat up after he had gone. She lowered the covers and tried to think, but it was so hard. Her hand was shaking uncontrollably and her head was swimming with the effects of her cold. But she realized she had to get out. But how?
Slowly, painstakingly, she threw back the covers and raised herself from the bed. But even this proved a task. She had to rest a while, grasping the bedside cabinet for support.
She went dizzy, then. The room began to spin and nausea surfaced. She waited for it to pass and then slowly she reached out for the wall, her legs heavy. She dragged them across the carpet, forcing them to move.
Finally she was resting against the wall, taking another breather. Then she headed for the bedroom door.
Her plan was simple; the only one available. It was pointless shouting out the window. It faced on to the back garden. No one would hear. So she had to get out on the landing, down the stairs and then a dash for the front door. 
Her hand grasped the bedroom door handle, depressing it.
Suddenly adrenalin surged as she seemed to find renewed strength. She pulled the door open an inch - peered out. He could not be seen. She listened. No, he wasn't there.
She opened the door further and moved out into the landing.
She scanned with eyes and ears. Nothing. She edged along the landing, her hand holding the wall for balance and security. Finally she was by the stairs.
She listened again, searching for the menace that was at large. Then she bent forward, reaching out for the banister, grasping, grasping, grasping …
'Boo!'
She never heard his slow, shallow breaths, the lightness of foot on the carpet, as he approached. She never heard the shuffle or the click as the bathroom door opened. She simply jumped in alarm, turned to witness the bulk behind her, grasped for support, missed, and with a helping hand, tottered over the edge of the stairs, her buttocks bumping on every step on the way down.

She landed on the hall floor with a jolt. Her whole body burst with intense pain, her left leg resting under her, unnaturally and severely broken.
John stood at the top of the stairs, hands on hips, head held high. Then he looked down at the decrepit state on the floor.
Hilda, semi-conscious, opened her eyes and stared through the pain as he began to laugh, the tone filling her with dread.
A sense of despondency, of sheer hopelessness, took her over. He was walking down stairs now, coming closer with every step, and with every step she felt closer to death and a new pain built up to take prominence - more pain than her recent injuries; more crippling than the agony of broken bones.
Her heart.
He was nearly upon her and her arm ached, her chest ached, her inner valves seeming to expand, ready to burst. She felt his breath heavy in her ear and she KNEW it was the end. She began to pray, to pray, when …
... the doorbell rang.
John started. 'Blast!'
A respite.
She laid there, in the hall, close to death, her vision going snowy and faint.
HE was thinking. What to do? What to do?
The doorbell sounded again. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, stuffing it in her mouth. He released his belt, pulling it from his trousers, and tied it around her wrists … and that damned doorbell again.
He was sweating. It wasn't going to plan.
'Just a minute,' he called.
He picked her up and bundled her into the broom cupboard. Hilda listened, at the same time tugging with all her might at the belt around her wrists.
'Ray!' said John as he opened the door. 'What on earth are you doing here?'
He was fighting for composure; fighting to stop his trousers falling down. He looked a comical sight as he held them up with his hand.
Ray looked him up and down suspiciously, taking in every extraordinary action and detail. 'I saw Brenda,' he finally said, dismissing the performance as one caught half-dressed by the doorbell. 'She said you were ill. Thought I'd come round, see if there was anything I could do.'
'No ... no, nothing.'
John was unable to hide the urgency in his voice.
'You look awful. What a state. You should stay in bed.'
Muffled voices filtered through to Hilda. They gave her renewed hope and she pulled and pulled and pulled, the leather biting hard into her flesh, the buckle rubbing and puncturing skin.
'You're sure there's nothing I can do?'
'Yes. I'm sure. Honest.'
'Okay then. I'll leave you to it.'
John shut the door as Ray departed. He threw the catch as it banged shut. He stood there, frantically rubbing his head, feeling the sweat. His whole body perspired as the adrenalin flowed. Then he shook himself, forcing back reality. He remembered Hilda waiting in the cupboard.
He walked across the hall, tugging at the door handle, opened it and reeled back.
The flat of the iron cracked as it hit his forehead, his body falling against the far wall, the wind knocked out of him.
He was momentarily senseless, unable to move and a cloud of fog filled his mind.
Hilda threw down the loosened belt and grabbed at the handkerchief in her mouth. She looked around for support for her broken leg. She grabbed the broom and placed it to her armpit, doing a macabre hop as she headed towards the lounge.
She squinted as sweat ran into her eyes.
The telephone was now in reach. She picked up the receiver, placing it to her ear. A feeble, shaking finger began to press the buttons.
Nine, nine, nine
She listened for the purr, cursing the operator's slowness, willing him to hurry and answer her plight. Then ... ... it went dead.
She turned.
Dropped the handset.
John stood there, a trickle of blood running down his cheek, his eyes more frenzied than ever, the phone lead dangling from his hand, swinging to and fro like a pendulum; the pendulum of time, which, for Hilda, had run out.
She collapsed into the chair as he approached, the broom falling to the floor beside her. He dropped the plug and in its place he took a knife. Menacing, he swished it through the air.
'Now, Hilda. Now.'
He was depraved; he was the devil, the reaper. In her eyes he changed from John Ferguson to Baal. Then the apparition faded to snow and her heart erupted. Spasm upon spasm overtook her and the golden gates began to form ...

John sat there out of breath. His menacing demeanour was gone, replaced by the air of a frightened man. He looked at her, lying limp, slumped over the chair, her face white as snow. 'Sorry, Hilda,' he said. 'But you left me no choice.'
It was a weak defence, but it made him feel a little better. He lifted her and took her up to her room. Delicately, he placed her on the bed, pulling the covers over her, making it look as if she had had the heart attack in bed. The story was she had tried to get downstairs, fallen and, after being put to bed, had a massive heart attack.
It was passable, plausible ... near perfect.
He returned downstairs, washed his face. He checked his injury thinking up a good excuse as a large bump appeared.
He cursed as he re-arranged the cupboard, replacing the iron and broom. Then he reconnected the telephone, picked up the handset and pressed the required buttons.
Ambulance ordered, he went back upstairs, making sure he had covered every move.  Then he walked into the bedroom and froze.
He watched her turn her head, observing him from the corner of her eye.
He couldn't believe it. Far away he could hear the hazy whine of a siren, coming ever closer. He ran over to the bed. Not believing his own eyes he checked her pulse. It was weak, but there.
His heart raced as he wrestled for ideas. Then, in a flash, it came to him.
He calmed himself, picked up a pillow and pressed it firmly against her face. And as the ambulance arrived, Hilda floated into the land of the hereafter, her last flame of life cruelly, but positively, extinguished.

Chapter Eleven

Brenda stared into space. Sat on the settee, she was grieving, but without tears. Every emotion seemed somehow mechanical, as if not consciously willed at all. In a way there was no sadness, but certainly no happiness; simply despair - a cold, disjointed despair. It was almost as if she didn't really register the death.
John paced up and down, looking out the window. A detective was coming to see him, he had been informed. He hadn't expected that; he didn't WANT that. He thought the matter would be straight forward. But no ...
'You know what they think, don't you?' he said as he paced. 'They think I killed her.'  He shook his head. 'Ridiculous.'
'Yes, dear,' Brenda's voice was cold, unemotional.
John stood and stared at his wife. Those had been her first words since Hilda's death. Suddenly he became aware of his stupidity.
'Oh, Brenda,' he said, kneeling by her, a frail attempt to comfort. 'Just listen to me. Ranting and raving. But you're the injured one. How could I be so selfish?'
'Don't worry,' said Brenda. 'I know you didn't do it, dear.'
John was relieved to hear that, even if she didn't sound convincing. But still, he began his pacing again.
They were alone at that time. John hadn't contacted the school - better for Robin to be out of the way at that moment, especially until the visitor had departed. Give Brenda time to settle, too.

A car pulled up outside. John stopped his pacing and pressed his nose firmly against the window. It wasn't a police car.
The officer wore no uniform. But you can always tell.
John waited for the doorbell to sound and then calmly approached the door. As he opened it, however, his calmness evaporated.
'Mr Ferguson?' said the visitor.
‘Yes.'
'My name is Oliver, Detective Inspector Oliver.' He held out his warrant card for perusal. 'I take it the constable told you I would be calling.'
'Yes.'
'May I come in?'
‘Oh ... yes, certainly.’
John stepped back and beckoned the policeman enter. Oliver offered a sigh, wiped his feet on the mat and headed for the lounge.
'Please, sit down,' said John.
'Thank you.'
Oliver sat, tugging at his brown corduroy jacket as he sat on it. Finally comfortable, he retrieved a notebook from his pocket. He studied it for a few moments, acclimatizing himself with the case, occasionally scratching his balding pate.
'I'm sorry to keep you waiting,' he finally said. 'Find it hard to read my own writing sometimes.'
John sat on the edge of the settee.
'I see here that Mrs Myers stumbled whilst at the top of the stairs, injured herself and, one supposes, bringing on a heart attack.' He took a breather, then consulted his notes once more. 'You, Mr Ferguson, feeling unwell, had not gone to work. Is that correct?'
'Yes.'
Oliver groaned. 'According to the constable I spoke to you were in bed at the time. You heard a series of bangs followed by a scream, after which you jumped out of bed and ran along the landing to investigate the commotion.' Another groan.
John listened intently. Brenda remained oblivious to the world about her.
'At the top of the stairs you were knocked off balance by the shock of seeing her. You also tripped and fell partially down stairs, cracking your own head.'
Oliver peered at John through deep blue, cold and somehow knowing eyes. 'Is that correct?'
'Yes.'
John was becoming nervous. He adjusted his posture for the sixth time since Oliver arrived.
'Hhhmmmm ... ' Oliver cleared his throat. 'Heart attack followed, one presumes.'
'Yes. '
'Quite ... Hhhmmm .... What were you wearing at the time, Mr Ferguson?'
This line of questioning was doing nothing for John's nerves. 'My ... my ... dressing gown.'
Oliver offered a disbelieving look. 'Are you alright, Mrs Ferguson?' he asked, seeming to just become aware of Brenda's presence. Brenda offered a slight nod, Oliver returning his gaze to John. 'So you carried her upstairs to bed.'
'Yes.'
A look of puzzlement showed. 'Why?' he asked.
'Pardon?'
'Well, here is an elderly woman, just fallen down stairs, a badly broken leg and having a heart attack. And you, sir,' his finger pointed accusingly, 'instead of calling an ambulance, carry her up to bed and get dressed.'
'It seemed to be the best thing to do at the time.' John said this far too defensively, and he knew it. 'Anyway, I didn't know she was having a heart attack. Maybe she didn't have it until she was in bed.'
'Do you mind?' Oliver stood up and made his way to the stairs. John followed. 'Where exactly did you bang your head?'
John was becoming irritated by this line of questioning. He was unable to concentrate. Something had to be done; and soon.
'Now look, sergeant …’
'Inspector. '
‘... Inspector. I don't like your line of questioning. You make it sound as if foul play was involved.'
'Your assumption, Mr Ferguson, not mine.'
John composed himself.
'May we continue?' Oliver never waited for an answer. He busied himself by the far wall, scrutinizing the small mark about three feet above the floor. 'What do you suppose this could be, Mr Ferguson?' He gestured to the mark with a damning finger.
'I haven't the faintest idea,' said John, realizing the position of the mark in relation to the broom cupboard.
Oliver smiled. 'Aha. Broom cupboard?'
'Yes.'
'Mind if I take a look?'
Oliver was already there, reaching for the handle. John bit his lip. Suspense and fright built up inside him.
'Hhhmmm ... nothing interesting there.'
Oliver shut the door and returned to the lounge, sat, and took out his notebook once more. He scribbled away, his words unknown to John:
Minute blood stain - wall.
Iron - recently wiped.
Ferguson - nervous.
Conclusion - suspicious.
'Well, Mr Ferguson,' said Oliver, eventually. 'I don't think there's anything else at the moment.'
Oliver stood and headed for the front door. At the last moment he turned; barked out:
'You did say you were dressed when she fell?'
'Yes.'
'Hhhmmm ....’

Chapter Twelve

It was a big, antiseptic looking room, tiled from floor to ceiling. Two strip lights illuminated the ungainly table in the centre. Surrounding this were numerous chrome-framed trolleys full of surgical equipment and a recorder waited near by.
The tubby little man in the green smock and hat was stood by the sink washing his hands. Suddenly the dark, floppy doors burst open and an attendant wheeled in a trolley. Putting on wire-rimmed spectacles, the tubby little man strolled over and assisted in transferring the body bag from trolley to table.
Adopting a sombre pose the tubby, little man unzipped the polythene covering, revealing the stiffened body of Hilda Myers. He switched on the recorder and began.
Oliver stood in the observation booth. He hated witnessing autopsies, but rules were rules. However, he turned away as the first incision was made.
But he had brought it on himself.
His boss would have been content to pass off the death as a simple heart attack following trauma. Even now the pathologist seemed to be doing only the cursory examination. But Oliver had been insistent. He considered there was enough doubt to suspect foul play; if only by the strange actions of John Ferguson …

The autopsy finally over, the tubby, little man returned to the sink while the attendant re-bagged the slightly cut-up body of Hilda Myers, whistling while he worked.
Oliver waited for the tubby little man to complete his cleansing and met him in the outer lobby.
'Well?' asked Oliver.
'Well?' replied the medical examiner, wiping his glasses with a handkerchief.
'Well? How did she die?'
The tubby little man replaced his glasses, sighing with impatience. 'Didn't you hear anything I said in there, inspector? What are microphones for?'
'Yes, I heard you. But it was a load of mumbo jumbo to me. I never could understand you infuriating little people.'
The tubby little man took out his handkerchief again and wiped his brow.
'Inspector, I'm just a little cog in a large machine. A machine, I might add, with far too few little cogs for the task, so as you can imagine, my time is precious.'
Oliver hated rebukes. 'Excuse me,' he said, holding back his temper, 'I'm busy too, and I wouldn't expect you to know all about my job.'
'Oh, very well,' said the tubby little man, impatiently. 'In simple English - which I hope you will be able to understand - the lady died from a perfectly normal, boring heart attack, most likely brought on by intense pain and shock following a fall down a flight of stairs, accompanied by a deteriorated physical condition attributable to flu.'
The tubby little man headed for the door on his way to lunch.
At the door, he turned. 'Her left leg was broken in two places and there are signs of bruising on her buttocks.'
'But could she have been pushed?'
'Could Jesus really turn water into wine?'
Oliver didn't know. But he was not on that case. Yet a feeling deep inside him said that she had.

Chapter Thirteen

It was a chilly morning.
They stood silently in the cemetery. A cold wind blew causing hair to ruffle, coats to flap. The odd dead leaf flew past them. The odd puddle had caused them to take long strides to avoid them, the rain only ceasing some thirty minutes ago. Black clouds swept overhead at an alarming rate.
Another downpour was brewing.
It was a small gathering. Hilda Myers had never been popular.
She had lived a quiet, lonely life, preferring solitude once Ted had departed.
There was Brenda and John, Robin, Mrs Mills who used to live next door to the bungalow and just one representative from the other members of Hilda's family; Brenda's brother, Jack - a solicitor. John guessed why he was there. But other than these there was just one other at the funeral.
Oliver was making John feel uneasy. Why had HE come? What had been intended to be a happy day for John had been ruined. He kept looking over his shoulder to the cemetery wall, and there he was, large as life and just as menacing.
Brenda hadn't noticed him. Brenda hadn't noticed anything since Hilda passed away. It was as if she was incapable of thought.
She hadn't cried. There was just that look. Day and night, that look.
It unnerved John. It was as if she knew something. But other than that look she had shown no sign of hostility to him, so he reckoned he must be imagining things. But ...
He watched her take in every detail of the coffin, never blinking. He placed his arm around her to comfort her, but not a flicker, not a movement. And then he looked at Robin.
He was staring, too, but different. He was curious.
He didn't really understand what was going on. All he knew was that his granny had gone away and wouldn't be coming back. John had tried to explain, but to no avail. He guessed the little fellow's brain wasn't ready to accept the nasty parts of life; thank God for the innocence of youth. He took no account of the fact that it was granny's stiff corpse in that box, gently being lowered to a final resting place with the worms.

The funeral over, Oliver began to walk towards John. 'Robin, take your mother to the car,' said John. 'I'll be with you in a minute.'
'Lovely morning, Mr Ferguson,' said Oliver.
'What do you want, Inspector?'
'Oh, nothing. It's common courtesy for the investigating officer involved in such a case to be at the funeral. Did you know that?'
'No. And I don't really care. But look, Inspector Oliver, as far as everyone is concerned Hilda Myers died of a heart attack resulting from an accident. And that is precisely what happened. So why the hell do you say you still have a case to investigate?'
'Ah ... the mysteries of the mind of man,' said Oliver, philosophically.
'What the hell are you talking about?'
'Intuition, I suppose. You see, Ferguson, I just know you killed her. Oh yes, she died from a heart attack, and she ended up at the bottom of the stairs. I simply dispute how she got there.'
Oliver's accusing finger came out again. 'Did she fall, or was she pushed?'

John felt numb as he walked away from the detective. Oliver was becoming troublesome; a thorn in his side. He would have to tread carefully, or it might all have been for nothing. After all, what benefit would he gain from his deed spending twenty years in prison?
'What did the Inspector want, dear?' asked Brenda.
Suddenly, John forgot about Oliver. Suddenly he felt much better. Those were the first true words Brenda had uttered since Hilda's death. Not grumblings or slurred phrases, but true words.
'Oh, nothing,' he replied, a smile appearing from cheek to cheek. He felt that his wife was back. A little ruffled, a little sad, but back all the same. 'He just wanted to clear up a few things.'
'Oh. Well, we'd better be getting back. It'll soon be time for dinner.'
John sat in the driving seat and turned the key. 'And don't drive fast.'
'No dear.'

And for once he was true to his word. He drove at an easy pace, not even rushing to beat the lights. And soon they were home.
'Dad,' said Robin shortly after arriving home, 'can I go and play football?'
John looked at the clouds. The rain might hold off, and he would be glad of the respite; glad to have Robin out of the way a while.
'Sure. Off you go. But if it rains you come straight in, do you hear?'
Robin skipped across the lounge, disappeared into the kitchen and slammed the back door. John walked up to the window and watched him on the lawn. His control was very good; he could do anything with that ball. John marvelled at the boy's skill, happy that Robin had no handicap.
'Would you like a drink?' he finally asked. But when he turned, Brenda was sat like a statue on the settee.
He repeated the question.
'What?'
She seemed stunned; disturbed from deep thought.
'A drink.'
But Brenda was immediately far away again, as if the conversation in the car had been a slip on her part.
'Brenda?'
'Oh ... yes … please.'
John brushed away any idea of her being alright. It suddenly dawned on him that she would need a long time to heal. Sighing deeply, he retreated to the kitchen and put the kettle on.
When he returned, Brenda was stood in front of the mirror, studying herself, turning from side to side.
John sat and watched her from his chair. He noticed her heavy eyes, the result of little sleep. Her cheek bones seemed to stick out more than usual, giving her a drawn look; a little haggard. And there were lines. For the first time he could see lines, wrinkles, and her full cheeks were gone.
He had asked her to take sleeping pills a couple of night ago but she had refused. He thought of approaching the subject again, but refrained. He sensed it would be no good.  She didn't believe in taking tablets needlessly, and as far as she was concerned sleeping pills were a needless commodity. And anyway, Hilda would never have anything to do with them either.
'I think I'll have my hair done,' she said as she moved away from the mirror.
John was taken aback by the statement. That was the last thing he had expected her to say. He was hoping for tears. All that grief, all that sorrow. And it was all bottled up.
'Yes. I'll have my hair done.'
A strange look came into her eyes then. It lasted a few seconds and was gone. It was a haunting look and John didn't like it. He had seen it before but couldn't remember where.
'I suppose you want me to go and slave in the kitchen now,' she suddenly said, seeming back to normal.

It was an hour later that John called Robin in from the garden. Robin was tired and sweaty but happy the rain had held off.
'What's that?' he said, holding out his nose and sniffing.
The smell was niggling John, too. It came from the kitchen and smelt delightful - somehow familiar.
Finally seated, he and Robin waited patiently for the kitchen door to open, the table laid and ready. And in walked Brenda, a huge earthenware pot in her hands. She placed the pot in the centre of the table, offering a self-congratulatory smile as she removed the lid. 
Robin peered inside, turning up his nose when he realized it wasn't a variant of hamburger. John, on the other hand, was delighted.
'Stew and dumplings,' he said, feeling that everything would be alright after all. It was a nice thought. She had cooked Hilda's special meal - the only thing of hers that John had liked.

The rest of the day went well. Brenda had even laughed and joked on the odd occasion. The late evening was spent in front of the fire with lights dimmed; just like they used to. She seemed happier, more content.
John hoped for an early night, and they retired shortly after ten o'clock. But for some reason the familiarity ended there. She kissed him alright; several times, infact. But it was different. And when he tried to pursue the matter further, she froze.
She'd never done that before. He could always guarantee a good sex life with Brenda.  But not tonight. It was as if he shared a bed with a complete stranger.
He gave up, turned his back and went to sleep.

It was in the paper the next day.
Being Saturday, John had slept in, not surfacing until eleven o'clock. Brenda was up early, hoping to catch an appointment at the hairdressers.
SEVENTY YEAR OLD GRANNY DIES AFTER FALLING DOWNSTAIRS
John stared in horror at the local headline. Couldn't anyone leave him alone? There was even a quote from Oliver. 'We still have a few enquiries to make.'
Curse that man.
'You look happy, dad,' said Robin as he came in.
'You're back early,' said John, checking his watch. It wasn't twelve o'clock yet. It was usually well after twelve before Robin got back from football. But Robin didn't hear him. He was already upstairs, running a hot bath.
John returned to the paper. He thought of Oliver and he hated him. He was persistent; too bloody persistent. Still, thought John, he could never prove anything.
His thoughts were disturbed then for the second time in five minutes as the front door slammed.
'Who the hell is it this time?' he said, irritably. 'Can't a man get any pea ...'
He stopped mid-sentence, mouth agap, eyes bulging. 'What on Earth!?'
Brenda stood tapping her foot, waiting for further comment.
Reading his expression she did a pirouette, letting him see the full extent of the treatment - or damage …
'What do you think?' she asked.
'Very nice, dear, very nice,' he lied.
He hated it. What had she done? Her long, beautiful, flowing blonde hair. Gone. It was grotesque - short and straight. The style was decades out of fashion.
What was she playing at? thought John.
'You don't like it, do you? said Brenda. She walked out to the hall, hanging up her coat.
'Well ...' he was lost for words. He thought hard. 'It's not that I don't like it. It's just that I preferred it long.'
'I knew it, I knew it,' stormed Brenda, colour returning to her face. 'Can't do anything right, can I?' Then she stormed into the kitchen, slamming the door behind her. Meanwhile, a slightly disconcerted John returned to his thoughts, and that damned policeman.

Chapter Fourteen

Detective Inspector Oliver sat at his desk.
He wore a sombre expression. He had lay awake most of the night, his mind on the case at hand. The chair was pushed back, his feet on the desk; his thinking position, he thought
Oliver was alone in the office. During the week twenty detectives worked from this room. It was big and dull, designed for efficiency rather than luxury. Banks of telephones and computers littered the desks, and even in its present, semi-redundant state one could feel the electric atmosphere of busier times.
Oliver liked it. He liked his job, he liked this room; he liked his desk, his telephone, his chair, even his paper clips. With the exception of the computers - which he wouldn't have on his desk - Oliver liked everything to do with the police.
It was his life.
He had reached his promotional ceiling. He was approaching fifty and far too old for further examinations. It annoyed him that so much depended on academic ability nowadays. What the hell happened to good old experience, he thought. But he knew one thing for sure. Qualifications would never beat experience.
The geeks could make their judgements, encourage the graduate, bring academic brain power into the police, but Oliver remembered the old days; the days of the good old copper, hard and uncompromising. Perhaps a little under-intelligent by today's standards, but he got the job done, and a lot less fuss than now. And how did he do that?
Experience.
A good copper needs experience; especially a detective.
The experience to sniff out clues - a sixth sense; an ability to keep one step ahead of the villain. No qualifications could ever nurture that sort of ability. You wouldn't find it in a book or lesson. It needs someone who understands human nature rather than a graduate with a degree full of theory and still wetting nappies when it comes to the practical.
A detective needs to sniff, and Oliver was sniffing away like a bulldog. He hadn't found the scent yet, but he was searching.

Did she fall or was she pushed?
The same question. Time after time like a never ending mantra.
He was certain she was pushed; positive. He would have staked his life on it. But why?
That was really bugging him. He couldn't find a motive, but he knew there must be one.
He rocked back and forth on the chair, balancing it on its two back legs, pondering.
Money from the will?
No. He didn't really need that. Ferguson was quite well established financially. Murder was far too much hassle for a few thousand quid.
Stop her telling his wife something?
No. Doesn't add up. Ferguson lived a perfectly straight forward life. No mistress, no gambling, no expensive habits; nothing. There were no skeletons in HIS cupboard. He had checked, right down to the colour of his toothbrush. A perfect bore was Ferguson.
Simply couldn't stand her?
Doubtful. If he couldn't stand her, why let her stay in the first place? Unless ... unless his wife forced the issue?
No.
But why not?
It could make sense. Wife might have threatened to leave him unless he let her stay. The old lady had been going to the hospital regularly for check-ups. The hospital had even said she should be looked after.
Yes. He had to let her stay. Somehow his wife blackmailed him. He couldn't stand the woman so, either on impulse or through planning, he forced on the heart attack. Indeed, that would even make the money seem attractive. Force on his convictions, so to speak.
Simple.
But impulse or premeditated?
Impulse. Bit of a gamble - couldn't guarantee that it would bring on a heart attack. Even in a rage Ferguson would be far too boringly level headed for something like that.
Premeditated. Slowly build up the feeling of terror. Slowly frighten her to death. Put unbearable pressure on the old ticker and then, at the right moment, go a bit too far and Bingo! One dead mother in law.
Yes, thought Oliver, qualifications could never beat experience. And then, confident in his analysis, he lent back perhaps a little too far and fell head over heels from the chair and landed in an untidy heap on the floor.

Chapter Fifteen

For some reason he couldn't understand, John was becoming decidedly edgy.
It had crept up on him over the last couple of days. But it wasn't Oliver who caused it. And this is what he couldn't understand. He had good reason to be unnerved by the Inspector, but Oliver seemed to be at the back of John's mind.
No. It was Brenda.
He tried to explain it to himself, analyse what it was that bugged him, but try as he might he just could not comprehend the problem. She was just different, and not simply because of the hairstyle, nor her now persistent rigidity in bed.
Ray had even brought the fact to his attention. The day after the funeral he had called to offer his condolences. He stayed ten minutes. The conversation seemed strained. Infact, he ended up making a feeble excuse to leave prematurely.
John had seen him to the door, leaving Brenda sat on the settee.
'Is Brenda alright?' he had asked, his voice low.
John said: 'I don't know, Ray. I'm really beginning to worry about her.'
'She does seem different. Sort of vacant.'
'Yes. I've noticed.'
'Can I give you some advice, John?'
'If my best mate can't, then nobody can.'
'I think you ought to get her to see a doctor.'
'What for?'
Ray sighed. 'Look, some people take a long time to get over a death, especially if they were as close to each other as Brenda and her mother. I think she's keeping the grief inside, but it needs releasing, John. It's got to be got rid of, before it gets too firm a grip on her. I've known people totally destroy themselves over something like this. And don't forget, Hilda died in Brenda's care. It's quite possible that Brenda holds herself responsible.'
'That's ridiculous.'
'Maybe, but it is possible.'
John pondered the suggestion. 'I suppose there could be something in it,' he eventually said. 'Maybe you're right. I'll see what she says about it.'

'You were out there a long time,' said Brenda.
'Oh, Ray was trying to get me to go for a drink.'
'You should have gone. You haven't been out lately.'
John ignored the suggestion, pretending to watch TV while he thought the problem through.
'Brenda,' he said a short time later. 'You're looking very tired, you know. Are you feeling alright?'
'Of course I am.'
'Well, I'm not so sure. Do you think you should see a doctor?'
'Don't be ridiculous! There's nothing wrong with me.'
She seemed irritated by the suggestion. Then, suddenly, she calmed down and said: 'Oh, I'm beginning to ache in places I never used to, but I am getting old you know. You must expect to get a little tired as you age.'
'But you're not old, Brenda. You're only thirty five.'
'Is that all?'
That look was there again. John felt a cold chill run down his spine as her eyes changed to that familiar gaze from somewhere in the past.
Still he couldn't remember, and he wasn't sure he wanted to. But, even through the confusion her eyes instilled in him, as they returned to normal he knew Ray was right.
The subject would be brought up again.

The next day passed with little incident.
The morning seemed normal, the three of them - John, Brenda and Robin - sat down to breakfast as they always did. They chatted as they always did. Brenda had kissed him on the cheek as he left for work, just as she always did. When he returned from work she seemed in a happy mood, content with her lot.
Robin eventually went off to bed and they settled down for a night in, and still she seemed in a good mood. An ideal mood, thought John, for bringing up the subject of the doctor again.
'Brenda?' he said. 'Do you remember what we were talking about last night?'
'About what?'
'About seeing a doctor.'
There was an immediate change in her mood. 'No! No! No!' she said. 'I am not going to see a doctor. I am perfectly alright.’
'But Brenda, love …'
She cut him off, not letting him finish. She was adamant that the subject was dead and buried.
Begrudgingly, John gave in, more through fright of her now terrible outbursts the subject brought on. And once more her eyes filled with that dreaded gaze. But it was different this time. There was a tinge of evil to it. More intense and further showing him that she was not well.
This time her mood didn't settle. It was as if a rage was just below the surface of her mind, making her constantly irritable. She seemed to be grumbling to herself, approaching bursting point, unable to relax.
Then she began to fidget with her hands.
This action annoyed John. Hilda had always fidgeted, and nothing infuriated him more.
He tried to ignore the madness surfacing in his wife, but it was hard. Then, suddenly, she stood up and stormed out of the room, rushed upstairs and went to bed.
John was left downstairs, engulfed by his innermost fears.
Brenda was making herself age. He could see it happening before his very eyes. She was tearing herself apart with the morbid, solitary emotions within her soul, allowing no outlet for her suffering. Lines had appeared on her face, her hair seemed to be turning a shade of grey, and that stupid hairstyle.
She looked twenty years older than she was.

He thought long and hard that night in bed, trying desperately to find light at the end of the tunnel, searching for a magic cork to pull to allow the emotions to flow from their bottled up and volatile state.
Several times during the night he turned to look at her.
She had her back to him, placing a barrier between them, a barrier so impregnable that it was impossible to climb. And then there was that nightdress - thick, dull material, a strange flowery print. 	It covered every part of her body – a body that had spent every night since their marriage tucked up to him and entwined in nudity.
But no more. No cuddle. No kiss before sleep. No exciting view of her smooth, porcelain body.
John turned his back on her and attempted to sleep, a tear falling to dampen the pillow in which he buried his face.

Work was hard the following day.
He couldn't concentrate. Lethargically, he sifted through the pile of letters and reports stacked high in his in tray. The words, the figures, the instructions - like undecipherable codes.
He skimped over them, the instructions for final disposal vague and non-committal, without sense or direction.
The office staff began to sense the failings of their boss of late and they talked and chattered about what his problem could be. And he plodded on, oblivious to their curiosity, the normal, happy-go-lucky smile replaced by melancholy; the spark of sarcastic wit subdued by sombre pose.
At lunchtime the chattering spread to the canteen. They turned their heads to stare as he walked past, puzzlement on every face. And he hardly ate. He played with the food on the plate, occasionally digesting a morsel.
John Ferguson was in the depths of despair, yearning for the return of happier days …

Chapter Sixteen

They had met twelve years previously.
John Ferguson was nothing more than an office boy then, but his determination to get on in life was already present. He shone with confidence and everyone knew it, his limp hardly noticed.
Brenda was a young woman of twenty three. A picture of beauty and recently out of art college, struggling to open her own design business. Full of energy and confidence, she lived a full life, working through the day and enjoying herself at night.
John first met her at a party held by one of his firm's employees. He'd never really had a girlfriend before. His private life was rather dull, keeping himself to himself and so different from his enthusiasm for work. But his eye immediately fell on Brenda. He asked a friend who she was.
'Brenda Myers. She’s just opened a shop over the road. You know, the one with all those outrageous clothes.'
He had an immediate liking for her. She seemed intelligent and steadfast, but so much more. Her hair was long, wavy and blonde, and her ice blue eyes were expressive - eyes that smiled, teased, beckoned or sulked - John had never seen such attractiveness before.
It is hard to say who made the first move. John had positioned himself close to her, watching her dance. He stared at her, an impish grin on his face, whilst deep down his whole body wanted to tremble. But he was determined to continue his gaze until she saw him and, hopefully, took kindly to his flirtatious manner.
She turned her eye on him about two minutes later.
His heartbeat tripled, and his body filled with a hotness he had never experienced before. But he forced composure and retained what he hoped to be a confident demeanour.
Her perusal lasted a mere second, but in that time she had taken in his entire person. After the gaze, John noticed that she didn't dance with the conviction of before. She simply moved her body a little to the beat, her arms remaining by her side instead of returning to their tribal dance.
Her next gaze lasted longer and was full of curiosity. John was quickly gaining confidence and gave her a grossly exaggerated wink, immediately wishing he hadn't. It must have looked stupid. But he was rewarded by a big grin.
He downed half a pint.
The music stopped. Her temporary dancing partner thanked her and hurried off. It was John's big moment.
He willed away the glue holding his feet firmly in place and sauntered over as casual as possible, eyes half closed as he didn't want to see the apparition move away before him.
Had he not done so he would have noticed that she was walking too - and not away from him.
'Aaahhh ... I'm terribly sorry,' he said as the two collided, 'are you alright?'
Brenda brushed herself down, regained her balance and tried to ignore the few drops of spilled beer which covered her skirt. She laughed, showing that she didn't mind.
'Do you normally walk with your eyes closed?' she asked.
'Oh ... no, no, not really' - a sudden flash of inspiration: 'Only when faced with a girl like you.'
Immediate regret.
'Oh, really.'
'No, no, no ... I don't mean it like that, honest, really, really 	honest, I didn't ...'
'What did you mean, then?' she teased.
He stared into those eyes. Impulsively, he said: 'God, you are beautiful.'
Brenda blushed, lowering her head in embarrassment, her big blue eyes perusing him briefly. 'Thank you.'
'Would you like a drink?' asked John, unable to think of anything else to say.
'I think I've already had one,' said Brenda, looking down at her skirt. 'But I think I can manage another.'
Cursing quietly under his breath, John escorted her to a vacant chair and went off to get a gin and tonic, refilling his own glass, too.
'Do you come here often?' said John on his return.
Brenda burst out laughing. 'I don't think so,' she replied, goading him. 'Hasn't this place just opened?'
John sat down, feeling rather stupid at the cliche. 'Oh, yes. Of course it has.' He thought he'd blown it and adopted a sulk.
'Cheer up,' said Brenda. 'What's your name?'
‘John. John Ferguson.'
'Well, John Ferguson, why don't you tell me about yourself?'
Brenda was warming to him, feeling comfortable in his presence. John was beginning to relax now, too. He realized she was steering him, urging him to talk, helping him through his nervousness. And she wouldn't do that, he thought, unless she liked him.
'Oh, I've had a boring life, really. Let's see ..’
He was thinking hard, careful not to drop another clanger, searching his past for snippets of excitement, hoping to impress. He thought he was in love and he felt good.  He, John Ferguson, with the limpy foot, was entertaining the belle of the ball.
And they talked, breaking down the barriers, getting to know and like each other, growing accustomed to mannerisms and habits, loves and hates.
Before they knew it the tempo of the music had lowered. The end of the party was close and it was time for the new courting couples to take to the floor while the single souls drowned their sorrows in drink.
John escorted her to the dance floor and they danced arm in arm to the ballad, wrapped in their own world. He smelled her perfume as he kissed her, her arm gently stroking his back ...

After the party they met nearly every day. Within the month he had drawn out most of his savings and coaxed her to the city centre under false pretences. The assistant in the jewellers was very discreet. He must have seen it before - but with such panache?
John was down on one knee as he placed the ring on Brenda's finger and asked her to marry him. She accepted, and seconds later they ran out of the shop blushing.
But it was with trepidation that he first met his future mother in law. It was a nervous, young man who held out his hand in greeting, determined to make a good impression. 'Don't like him,' said Hilda, never one to hide an insult.
She turned to Brenda. 'You can't marry a cripple.'
The rot had set in between John and Hilda.
Several weeks later, when they visited to discuss the wedding plans, she would have nothing to do with it. Hence, it was left to John and Brenda to arrange the whole thing. They decided to wait six months; get themselves more financially secure first.
They eventually moved on to discussing their future life together:
'You can't expect me to do that,' said Brenda.
'But surely you want a family. And let's face it, you can't carry on working with a child to bring up.'
 'We'll face it when we come to it. But for now I'm not giving up my career. Not for you. Not for anyone.'
'Come on, Brenda. See sense. You'll have a house to run as well.'
'Look, I spent three years at college training for my career. How long did you train for yours?'
'Well ... I didn't.'
'Quite. So why don't you give up work and look after the house, then there’ll be no problem, will there?'
'Don't be stupid. I'm the man and I'll be the one to work. You'll give up work and look after the house, like a good wife should.'
They never saw each other for two months. John tried to see her, but Hilda worked overtime on poisoning her daughter's mind against him. And those two months were the worst of John's life. He was desperately miserable. He cursed his stupid, old-fashioned ideas and lack of tact. He felt as if he had lost his only happiness. Even his friends deserted him, sick of his constant moods.
Inevitably, he turned to drink.
It was after a lunchtime session one Saturday that the bell of his flat rang. He tried to ignore the intrusion. He was laid in drunken stupor on the bed. But the visitor was adamant. The bell rang and rang. Finally he got up and opened the door.
'Hello, John,' said Brenda.
He stood, looking at her. She was just as beautiful as she had always been, but now she was somehow different.
'Come in,' he said, Brenda entering the flat.
He never noticed the difference at first, so he looked long at her, trying to work out the change.
She seemed worried. He'd never seen that look before. He wanted to cheer her up, but elected to play the situation carefully, not wanting her to leave.
He looked at her clothes. They were different too. He'd never seen her in smocks. They must be the latest fashion, he thought.
'I like your dress.'
Then he noticed the puffiness of cheek. Infact, she seemed slightly bigger all over.  Then it dawned.
His eyes lowered to the swelling of the stomach. 'Oh, my God.'
'Yes. I'm afraid so.'
‘Oh, my God.'
And despite Hilda's objections, they were married within a month.

Chapter Seventeen

John kept those memories throughout the remainder of the day.
But that evening, as the slamming of the car door, and the chill of the night met him, he returned to reality. For a few precious moments the smile remained on his face, but the memories had drifted back to the store cupboard at the back of the mind.
'Pint John?' asked Harry.
'Please.'
Harry noticed the sadness in John's eyes; the paleness of skin, alien demeanour, without a hint of the humour that once was. His own dry humour disappeared in kind as he handed over the drink.
'Is everything alright, John?' he asked.
'What? Oh ... yes. Everything's fine.'
John rummaged in his pocket for change, paid the man and retired to the solitude of the corner table.
Ten minutes later he was back at the bar for another. Harry decided to bury his curiosity in politeness, realizing John needed neither conversation nor questioning.
John returned to his temporary sanctuary, and the scene was set for the following hour, John downing four pints in quick succession.

Ray never saw him as he entered the pub. But he did notice the look on Harry's face as he stared into the corner.
'Being a bit nosey tonight, aren't we Harry? What is it - someone out with another man's wife?'
'SShh,' said Harry, pointing.
Ray turned to see what Harry was so curious about. He immediately noticed the sorry state of his friend.
'How long has he been in?'
'Over an hour; and he's downing ‘em fast.’
'Oh, dear; I think it's time for me to play father confessor.’
'What's wrong with him, anyway? Surely he isn’t grieving over his mother in law.'
'No, it's Brenda.'
'Oh yes?' Harry's ears pricked back.
'No, Harry, nothing like that.'
'Oh, how boring.'
'She’s going a bit funny - depressed and all that. You should see her. She looks bloody awful.'
'Oh dear. I am sorry. Yes, I could imagine it getting on top of him.'

Ray took his drink and approached the table in the corner.
He didn't cherish talking to his friend in this state, but as his best friend, it was his duty.
'Penny for your thoughts,' he said as he sat next to John.
John raised his head slightly. 'Hello, Ray. I'm not very good company tonight, I'm afraid.'
'That's obvious. But I think I'll stay. If you don't mind, that is.'
John attempted to smile but his mouth didn't quite make it.
'Knocking it back tonight, aren't we?'
'With good reason.'
Ray shook his head. 'No, John. There's never a good reason to get pissed. Just excuses.'
'Ray the philosopher,' said John, sarcastically.
'No, mate. It's not drink you need; just someone to talk to. Get it off your chest, and all that rubbish.'
John thought a moment. 'Yes, I guess you're right.'
'I am. So get talking.'
John raised his glass and smiled, about to down the lot.
'Aha.' Ray shook his head.
John laughed, replacing the glass on the table with a thud and began to talk.
'You were right. She does need a doctor.'
'And?'
'And she totally refuses.'
'I see.’
'Not only has she refused. She becomes violent when I mention it. She goes mad. I've never known her have such a temper. It's not natural; not for Brenda, anyway.'
'So what are you going to do?'
John sat back, a look of despair returning. 'Haven't a clue,' he finally said. 'Not the faintest idea.'
'Well why don't YOU visit a doctor?'
'What can he do with me?' asked John, puzzled.
'Advise you, of course. Tell him how she's reacting and ask for his professional advice.'
John could see the sense in that. It cheered him up slightly. 'What a good idea.'
Seeing light at the end of the tunnel caused him to raise his glass once more.
'Aha.'
He replaced it. 'Yes, I think I’ll book an appointment in the morning.'
'Who with?'
'With my doctor, of course.
Ray slowly shook his head. ‘I didn’t mean a general practitioner.'
'Oh. What did you mean, then?'
'I mean a psychiatrist.'
'Good God,' John said, 'surely you don't think it's that bad?'
'You said it yourself the other day. You said, "she isn't herself." If she's gone that far then it IS bad.'

John thought about it whilst Ray replenished his glass, allowing John a half.
'How is he, then?' asked Harry.
Ray looked over his shoulder, studying his friend. 'I think he'll live,' he said.
'I hope so,' said Harry. ‘People dying in public bars can be pretty messy.'
'Pour the beer, Harry.'
Ray paid for the drinks and returned to the table in the corner.
'Well,' he said. 'Have you thought about it?'
John grabbed his glass and took a drink; more slowly this time, deciding to stay sober.
'Well?'
'You're right,' said John. ‘I’ll go and get some advice.’
‘Tomorrow?'
'Yes, Ray,' said John, slightly irritated, 'tomorrow.'
'Good.'

'Are you drunk again?' asked Brenda when he arrived home.
'Oh, come on, Brenda. It's the first time I've been out since …' He stopped mid-sentence, not wanting to mention Hilda. 'Well ... for a long time.'
'But you're still drunk.'
John stood erect and walked in a straight line. 'I wouldn't be able to do that if I was drunk, would I?'
'Hhhmm … suppose not.'
Brenda returned to her book, advising that his dinner was in the oven.
Following dinner, John sat with Brenda on the settee.
Conversation seemed normal again. So he tried again. He placed a hand on her breast.
'Goodnight,' she said as she got up and went straight to bed.

Chapter Eighteen

John couldn't get an appointment for the next day, so he had to wait for the following day. However, the thought of having to visit a psychiatrist irritated him. He wished for it to be over as soon as possible. But at least he knew he would be getting help to fight Brenda's moods, and that made him feel a bit happier.
He was almost back to normal at work, to his staff's delight.
They had been going through hell, not knowing how his moods would turn. He realized it would be a long haul before he and Brenda would be back to normal, once again having a full family life, but he knew they were going in the right direction. Hence, it was a happy John who returned from work that night.
Robin was playing in the garden, kicking the ball around the lawn. John walked into the house, said hello to Brenda, and decided to go for a kick-about himself.
'Change your shoes first,' said Brenda. 'I don't want you bringing grass into the house just after I've put the cleaner round.'
Shoes changed, he went out to the garden, ready to take on his son at football.
'Come off it, dad,' said Robin. 'You're no good at this.'
Eager to disprove his son, John ran for the ball, his shoulders going up and down, more reminiscent of a skip than a sprint.
'Don't be cheeky and give me a kick,' he said.
With a grin on his face, Robin gave the ball an almighty kick, sending it straight into John's lower regions. He bent double, expelled air and conversed momentarily with the devil.
'Dad! I'm surprised at you,' said Robin.
With an even more pronounced limp, John retrieved the ball. He threw it in the air and as it came down he drew back his foot and booted it. The ball sailed straight out of the garden.
'Oi! '
A fiery tempered neighbour popped his head over the hedge. 'Can't you keep your lad under control,' he said.
John approached the hedge like a scolded child. 'Ah ... I'm afraid it was me. Sorry.'
The neighbour tutted, threw the ball back and muttered something about adults in nappies.
'Thank you,' said John.
'Given up yet?' asked Robin.
'No I haven't,' said John. He kicked it again, Robin running off to retrieve it.
They played for a further ten minutes, Robin's impish grin turning to an impatient scowl. His father was ruining his training period. And when John kicked the ball over the house and onto the road Robin had had enough.
John realized the irritation on Robin's face. 'I haven't done very well, have I Robin,' he said.
'No, you haven't,' said Robin, not bothering to hide his annoyance.
'Sorry ... It's just that I've had a lot on my mind since your granny died.'
Robin looked puzzled. 'But dad,' he said, 'granny isn't dead.’

Chapter Nineteen

John walked into the receptionist's office ten minutes late.
The psychiatrist practiced from a part of the city John wasn't acquainted with and he had got lost.
'Mr Ferguson,' he said, red faced and out of breath.
Perspiration glistened from his forehead.
A stern looking receptionist said: 'You are late, Mr Ferguson. You are VERY late.' She had a prim and proper voice, though slightly bullying. She checked her watch and then the wall clock to emphasise her statement. 'The doctor does NOT like his patients to be late.'
'Sorry. I'm sorry, but I got lost.'
'The doctor doesn't like his patients to be late.'
'Well, actually, I'm not one of his patients,' said John, attempting to put the record straight.
The lady picked up her diary and turned it so that John could see the pages. 'Is this you?' she asked, pointing an accusing finger at his name.
'Well, yes,' said John.
She replaced the diary and leaned over the desk, looking him up and down. 'You're not selling anything, are you?'
‘Oh, no.'
'Therefore,' she pronounced, 'you MUST be a patient.' 
'Well, not exac …’
'Sit!’
John sat.
The room was small and cosy. He was sat on one of two small, but comfortable settees, an occasional table between, stacked high with magazines. He peered out of the window and watched the world pass by four storeys down.
Eventually the sound of moving chairs issued from the psychiatrist's office, followed by the opening of the door.
A woman scurried out of the room followed by a buzz and a metallic voice asking: 'Has Mr Ferguson arrived yet?'
'Yes,' said the receptionist. Turning to John, she continued: 'Your turn.'
John stood, opened the door and walked in.

The psychiatrist sat behind a big oak desk. It was littered with numerous open files, stationary and elaborate ornaments. John shook the offered hand and sat.
'Good afternoon Mr Ferguson.' He was about sixty and of average height with white hair turning a touch yellow. It was overlong and unkempt. He had a large nose which balanced a pair of half-moon spectacles. His thick bright red woollen tie was tucked into a waistcoat which complimented his brown suit. 'So what seems to be the problem?' he asked.
'Well,' said John nervously, 'as I said on the phone, I'm after advice concerning my wife.'
The psychiatrist sat back, turning his swivel chair from side to side, placing his fountain pen in his mouth.
John paused, not knowing how to start.
'Proceed.'
'Nearly a fortnight ago my wife's mother died rather suddenly, and ever since then my wife has been acting strangely.'
'How did she pass away?'
'She fell down stairs, causing her to have a heart attack.'
'Where did she live at the time?'
'With us.'
'And how long had she lived with you?'
'About three weeks.'
'Oh dear. Rather sad.' The psychiatrist thought a moment then said: 'Tell me about your wife. What is she doing that makes you worry about her?'
'Well, I can't really put my finger on it exactly,' said John.
'Come, come, Mr Ferguson. We must try or we are rather wasting each other's time.'
'Well, it's so hard to explain. Sometimes she seems perfectly alright, and other times she doesn't.'
The doctor sighed. He leaned over his desk, his elbow resting near his open notepad. 'Oh dear,' he said. 'We are being rather evasive aren't we? May I call you John?'
'Certainly,' said John.
'Well, John, WHAT exactly is different?'
'She's had her hair done.'
The doctor's mouth fell open. 'She-has-had-her-hair-done.'
'Yes. '
'Is this particularly unusual, John?'
'Oh, sorry. I mean … she's had it cut very short. Ridiculously short. And she has always had such beautiful long hair.'
It began to spill out. 'And she seems much older, almost as if she's ageing prematurely. In bed she always ignores me and she's never done that before now. And there's her temper. It's horrible and she's never had a temper before ever. Well, not like that anyway.'
'Anything else?'
John thought a moment. 'Yes,' he said. A chill took him over as he remembered. 'Her eyes - cruel; and sometimes vacant. Sometimes I don't think she's really with me. She's in some other world, divorced from reality.'
'Ah, now we are getting somewhere. Tell me, has your wife cried over the death of her mother yet?'
'No, she hasn't. Not once.'
'Hhhmmm ...'
The psychiatrist began to write notes on his pad. 'This is most interesting,' he said. 'Was your wife present at the accident?'
'No.'
'Who was?'
'Just me.' John evaded the psychiatrist's eyes as he said this.
The psychiatrist wrote in his notepad. He made two columns - above the first he put 'wife' and above the second, 'husband.' Under 'husband' he wrote: 'Something funny going on.'
'Tell me some more about your wife?' he asked.
'In what way?'
'Her past. Yes, we'll start with her past.'
'Well, there's not much to say, really.'
'What did she do before you met?'
'A fashion designer. Before that she went to college.'
'Was she close to her mother?'
'Oh yes, very.' Resentment was present in the words.
The doctor turned again to John's column. He wrote: 'Couldn't stand the woman.'
'Have you any children?' he asked.
'Yes. One. Robin. He's ten.'
'And how long have you been married?'
'Nearly eleven years.'
'I see. Rush job was it?'
'I don't see what that has got to do with it,' snapped John.
A rebuke. 'If you want me to help, then you must bear with me. It's the only way to get to the bottom of your problem.'
'My wife's problem, you mean.'
'Quite,' said the doctor, adding 'jumpy' to the list. 'Did you like your mother-in-law?' he continued.
'No, not really. She was an interfering old cow.'
'So I can take it there was no remorse over the death on your part.'
'Yes, you could say that.'
A theatrical pause. Then: 'Tell me John. Do you think that if you had acted in some other way at the time of the accident, could it have been avoided?'
'What do you mean!?' John was near to shouting the question. The doctor smiled. 'I mean, do you think you could have stopped her from falling?'
'Certainly not. I didn't see it.'
'I see. Tell me John. Are you a thinker?'
'Why all the questions about me?'
'Because they could be important.'
'But it's my wife who's having the problems.'
'Perhaps. But would I be right in saying that the thing that most worries you is partially based on the way your wife is treating you?'
John calmed down a little. 'Yes, I suppose you're right.'
'So are you a thinker?'
'I suppose I am.'
'Usually, the man who thinks a lot tends to have a vivid imagination. Would you agree with that?'
'Suppose so.'
'Is your wife a thinker, too?'
'Yes. '
'Tell me. Do you think it possible that your wife thinks you could have stopped the accident?'
'I've never thought about it in that way. But I wouldn't have thought so.'
The psychiatrist smiled then - crossed his arms as if bringing the questioning to an end. Pausing momentarily, he said:
'Well, John, I don't think I need to ask any more questions. Mindst you, I must warn you that it's impossible to say exactly what is wrong with your relationship with your wife unless I see her, too. But I do have a rough idea. However, before saying more, I want you to agree to come and see me again next week. Will that be alright with you?'
'Yes, certainly,' said John, rather confused. 'If you feel it necessary.'
'As for your wife, I feel she is suffering from a mild form of neurosis brought on by her mother's death. As she has no previous record of this type of behaviour I think I can rule out psychosis.
'I think the root of the problem lies firstly in mourning the loss of someone very special; and second, perhaps a little guilt over the hopelessness concerning preventing the accident. All the symptoms you mention are compatible to these points.
‘Infact, you might find that she will try to BE her mother. Hence the new hairstyle, etc.
'As for treatment, as I have already mentioned, ideally I must see her. But if she adamantly refuses, then you must give her lots of love and understanding.
'Finally, I think you could help in another way. You must search your soul very thoroughly John, and come to grips with your own feelings of guilt. As for the reason for the guilt, I don't know; not unless you tell me. But that is unlikely, as you do not yet accept that you show signs of guilt.
'But let me give you some advice. Try to work something out for yourself. Could it be that your previous feelings of hatred towards your mother in law have left you with a mental vacuum, slowly being filled with remorse for the way you treated the woman in the past? Could YOU be feeling guilty, just like your wife?
'I must add that, if this is so, then it is quite possible that your wife is sensing your guilt and unconsciously holding you responsible for the death. Hence, the problem could be overcome by a change in YOUR attitude to your wife, and not the other way round. You can be sure that the problem will be resolved the day your wife cries openly over the death.'
John sat there stunned. He tried to understand just what the doctor was saying, trying to find justification for his remarks about his own guilt, wondering how he had sensed the signals he believed were present.
He tried to hide his true feelings, realizing the man was shrewd. He regretted ever coming to see him now, aware that he couldn't hide anything in his presence. He decided to get out as soon as possible.
'Well, that is all very interesting,' he said. 'Not that I can believe everything you say. But at least you've given me something to go on; something to hope for.'
The doctor uncrossed his arms, fiddled with his pen, put it back on the desk and sat back once more. 'Search your soul, young man,' he said. 'Come to grips with your own feelings. I know it's hard to accept; it always is. But I assure you I'm right.'
'I don't see how you CAN know it for sure.’
The doctor smiled, stared intently. ‘You’re beginning to feel hot and uneasy, aren't you?'
'What do you mean?' John was getting snappy again.
'You're having these feelings because you know I'm right, even if you won't accept it even to yourself. And what you are now experiencing is anxiety.'
'Rubbish.'
'Don't mock. It's quite common - perhaps the most common disease in society today.
Fast living, fast food. Society's acceptance of only the successful person - all these things put great pressures on the feeble human mind; the result being a heightened state of stress and anxiety. And once this bug has taken a man over, it will re-occur every time that person is put under pressure. And you're a perfect example.
'You're a successful man in your own way. You're obviously doing well at work, yet really you're rather shy - an introverted man who purposely hides the fact behind a mask of the extrovert.
'In this way you force yourself to please people. In this way you get on with life. But the price is high. You pay in anxiety. Tell me, would I be right in saying that every time you come under pressure you run straight for a drink?'
'I'm not an alcoholic!' snapped John.
'Alcoholic?' said the doctor. 'What is an alcoholic? I'll tell you. Alcoholism is not a disease, but a symptom. No one drinks because they need a drink for drinking's sake. They need drink because they need to subdue the pressure they are under.
'Alcoholism isn't a problem; it is a symptom of the state of mind of the drinker. The real problem behind the drinking - divorce, inadequacy, guilt, you name it - is what must be got at. But that is getting away from the point. And the point is that you, John Ferguson, are a naturally anxious man, made that way by modern society and a need to succeed.
'Due to this, whenever you get nervous or anxious, you can't help but show it. And every time the death of your mother in law is mentioned, you show it. Heed what I say, young man, heed what I say.'
John had had enough. All he wanted to do was get out, get some fresh air, and never return. Any more of this and the doctor would have him confessing.
He thus made his hurried farewells and departed.
He was practically running when he left the building, taking huge gulps of air to calm himself down, taking no notice of those around him. Not the traffic, not the noise, not the people … nor the single, solitary man leant against the wall.
Detective Inspector Oliver watched him disappear round the corner and then walked into the building himself.

Chapter Twenty

'This is highly irregular, Inspector,' said the receptionist. Oliver sat quietly on the chair, waiting. Eventually, the receptionist said: 'The doctor will see you now.'
'Sit down Sergeant,' said the doctor as Oliver walked in. 'What can I do for you?'
'Inspector.'
'Pardon?'
'I'm an Inspector.'
'Congratulations. But if that's what you've come to see me about, it should really be your promotion board I should be counselling.'
'Aaahhmmm …' Oliver had taken an instant dislike to the man.
'Well, come along, Sergeant, I'm a busy man.'
'Yes ... of course. I’m presently investigating the death of one Hilda Myers and I would appreciate your co-operation in this matter.'
'I didn't do it.'
'I never said you did, sir.'
'Good. I've never heard of her.'
'The lady in question was the mother in law of your last patient.'
'Ah, I see. You mean Mr Ferguson.'
'Yes,' said Oliver, feeling unnerved. He hated trick cyclists.
'Proceed.'
'I realize I'm being rather unethical in asking for your co-operation, but I can assure you that this entire interview is off the record.'
'Pro-CEED!'
'I don't want to know what you're treating Ferguson for. All I want is the answer to one question.'
'PRO-ceed.'
'In your opinion, could it be possible that Ferguson could have killed the lady in question?'
'Yes.'
'He could?'
'Yes, you are being unethical.'
Oliver was always frustrated at such times. He hated people who played with words. He hated being messed around, but equally knew that upsetting the doctor would be counter-productive.
'I repeat, doctor, it would be completely off the record,' he said.
'I'm sure it would, Sergeant. But the fact remains that by answering your question I would be betraying the trust of one of my patients.'
'But sir, if the patient is a murderer, are you not betraying society by remaining silent?'
The psychiatrist pondered the question, turning from side to side on his swivel chair. Which was most important? Loyalty to patient or loyalty to the law?
'Very well, Sergeant,' he finally said. 'If I am approached further on the matter I will deny all knowledge of it - do you appreciate that?'
'Yes, I do,' said Oliver.
'Yes, it is possible - infact, quite probable. He's suffering great stress from guilt. He's even imagining his wife is turning into his mother in law. Absolutely ridiculous.'
Oliver thanked the doctor and departed.

Chapter Twenty One

The psychiatrist had given John plenty to think about. He knew it would be hard to hide his part in Hilda's death, but guilt? No, not guilt; not over THAT woman. Jubilation, maybe. But it had become obvious that he was cagey about the subject, and it was this process that the psychiatrist mistakenly took as guilt. At least, that is what John convinced himself.
But the psychiatrist had left something else on his mind.
He had added fuel to one of John's suspicions. At first he thought it ridiculous, but now he wasn't so sure. Brenda was certainly mourning over the death. There was no doubt about that. But suspicion? Might she be registering John's feelings? And correctly reading them? Or even worse, did she know? Did she know that John had killed her mother? Could she?
The thought niggled at his mind.
And if she did, what would she do about it? Would she tell the police? Would she try to live with it? Or would she do something about it herself?
Now that was a blood curdling thought, and he immediately buried it deep down inside him. He didn't even want to contemplate her taking revenge on him.
Then he remembered Robin's words. 'But granny isn't dead.'
What did it mean? Why did he say it?
John had tried to find out, but Robin didn't seem to be listening; as if his son had some great secret to hide from him.
He sat transfixed in his thoughts. He felt a depression sweeping over him. But he felt much more.
He held out his hand and watched it. He stretched out his fingers and watched them; watched the steady but uncontrollable shake.
He couldn't stop it. He grabbed his fingers with his other hand, but still they shook. His whole body shook and he suddenly realized he was frightened.

He sat in the semi-dark, the only light coming from the single lamp positioned on the occasional table by the wall. It was late but he knew he couldn't sleep.
Brenda and Robin were already fast asleep. The house was quiet the only sound the slow ticking of the clock on the mantlepiece. His mind focused on its hypnotic pulse as he willed himself to become tired, but to no avail.
He noticed strange shadows surrounding him. Dark patches crawling along the carpet and spreading their evil way across wall and ceiling as they danced in front of his eyes.
He didn't like them. He felt uncomfortable with them and suddenly one moved sharply across the hearth rug and made him jump.
His heart thumped, his skin perspired, his head ached. Then he realized it was the shadow of his arm as he moved it.
He laughed in the hope of boosting confidence. But it was shallow and weak and unconvincing.
John Ferguson was becoming afraid of his own shadow.

John always finished work early on a Thursday. He was home by three o'clock. One of the perks of being in junior management, he told himself. And every Thursday afternoon he and Brenda made the weekly trip to the supermarket.
However, this day it was nearly four o'clock and Brenda was still upstairs.
Robin always went to play with a friend on Thursday after school, so they didn't have to be back for him, but still John sat impatiently waiting for her.
Get a move on, he said to himself, but there was no sign of her coming downstairs.
Several times he went to the stairs and peered up, willing her to hurry. But each time he returned to the lounge disappointed, carrying on his lonely, impatient vigil on the chair. But eventually his patience left him.
'Are you coming or not?' he asked from the bottom of the stairs.
Still there was no reply - only the odd banging of a drawer, signifying Brenda's annoyance with him.
Reluctantly he sat, crossed his legs and impatiently tapped his fingers on the arm of the chair. Then, suddenly, he heard footsteps coming down stairs.
He jumped up and began to fumble in his pocket for the car keys. But as Brenda walked in, he stopped.
'What on Earth ...'
He never finished his sentence. It had been spontaneous, but immediately he became speechless. His mouth was wide open, eyes bulging. He was in a state of shock at the sight of her.
Brenda stood in front of him. A look of annoyance showed as she watched John's eyes perusing her, looking her up and down.
Her hairstyle had changed once more. Just as short, but now it was curly; the style of an old woman.
Her make-up had changed drastically. Gone was the blusher, gone the eye shadow, replaced by a deathly white powder and lip stick; a thing she had never worn before.
She wore a loose fitting, drab looking dress, the skirt ending unfashionably at the knee, and over it she wore a knitted cardigan.
Her tights were thicker than usual and the outfit was completed by a pair of grotesque, chunky shoes.
'And what is wrong with you?' she asked.
'What HAVE you done?'
'What are you talking about? Are we going to the shops or not?'
Brenda turned, picked up her bag and hurried out to the car.
John followed her, apprehensively.
He was further unnerved when he got into the car. Brenda was not in the front passenger seat, but in the back, tapping impatiently with her foot.
'Will you get a move on,' she said. 'You know how the supermarket always gets packed by half past four.'

'We'll start off over there,' said Brenda, heading for the freezer section.
John grabbed a trolley and hurried after her, nudging the odd customer as he progressed.
'Hang on,' he said a couple of minutes later. Brenda was moving away from the freezers. ‘You haven’t got any hamburgers.’
'It's about time we stopped eating so much rubbish,’ she said.
'But what about Robin? He likes hamburgers.'
He received no reply. Brenda was walking down the aisle.
The provisions went into the trolley.
'Just a minute,' said John.
Everything was different. No fish fingers, no steak pies.
But there was stewing steak and liver. The only thing was they never had stewing steak or liver. John didn't even like liver.
'Brenda …'
She was off round the corner. He hurried after her, catching her up. 'Brenda …'
She carried on placing alien items in the trolley.
'Brenda ...'
Cooking apples. Gravy browning.
'Brenda …
'Right. That's about it.'
Brenda had a self-congratulatory smile on her face.
'Brenda, have you gone mad?'
'I've told you,' she said, 'it's about time we ate proper food. I'm even going to do some baking.'
John was now puzzled even more. Brenda couldn't bake.
Something was going on and he didn't like it. She must suspect, he thought. She must know and she's getting her own back. But how far would she go?
It was time for him to be on his guard.

There were only two people waiting at the selected checkout.
It was a busy time of day so all twenty tills were in use. They had a couple of minutes wait and then John began emptying the trolley, the girl tapping away as they passed on the conveyor belt.
Brenda stood at the other end of the counter, placing the purchases in another trolley, ready to wheel them to the car.
Last item through, the girl pressed the total button. The amount appeared on the display.
'Cheque alright?' asked Brenda.
She busied herself with pen, scribbling out the cheque, eventually passing it to an assistant.
The girl studied it meticulously before looking up at John. 'Is this some kind of joke?' she asked.
'What do you mean?' asked John, retrieving the cheque. Suddenly his face changed and his hands began to tremble.
He looked at Brenda, stood there, tapping her foot. Then he looked at the cheque again, signed 'H Myers.'
'Look,' said the girl, 'I am busy, you know.'
'Yes, of course, sorry.'
John placed the cheque in his pocket and took out one of his credit cards.
'Thank you,' said the girl. 'If you want my advice, I'd keep a close eye on your mother. She looks a bit nutty to me.'

Chapter Twenty Two

'I'll have a whisky, Harry.'
'Are you sure,' asked Harry, knowing John never drank anything but beer.
'And make it a double.'
John was shaking. He dug a hand into his back pocket and pulled out a fiver, throwing it down on the bar.
Harry pushed a glass up the optic. 'Are you sure you want this?' he asked, placing the drink on the bar.
'I wouldn't have asked if I didn't,' snapped John.
'Okay, okay. Sorry I spoke.'
'Thanks,' said John, downing it in one.
The whisky burned his throat. The unpleasant taste was evident on his face, but he enjoyed the burning sensation in his gut.
'I'll have another,' he said.
'If you drink it like that, you'll be sorry.'
'Good, make it another double.'
'Look, John, I know you're having a tough time at the moment, but do you really think this will help?'
'Why don't you mind your own bloody business?'
Serving another whisky, Harry retired to the other end of the bar, not wanting a scene in the pub.
'Ray,' said John as his friend arrived. 'What will you have?’
'Cheers, John. Usual, please, Harry.'
'No, no, no,' said John. 'Have a short; let's get pissed together.'
'I think I'll stick to beer.'
'Please yourself.'
Ray noticed the glass in John's hand. Quietly, he said to Harry: 'How many has he had?'
'That's his fourth double. Another couple and he'll be flat on his back.'
Ray sat on the barstool next to John. He watched as his friend tried to sit upright on the stool, but his back sagged, his body gently rocking from side to side.
His eyes were glazed and a sickly grin was on his face. He wasn't far from the final stages of drunkenness.
John put his glass down on the bar, undid his tie and slurred: 'Another.'
Harry put his hand on top of the glass. 'Don't you think you've had enough, John,' he said.
John tried to sit up straight, but failed. Instead he tried to bluff his way out of the situation. He smiled, but gave the look of an idiot.
'I'm alright, Harry,' he said. 'Look. I'm alright.'
'Let me take you home,' said Ray.
John slumped on the bar.
'Just one more, Ray. Just one more … please.'
Ray grabbed him by the arm to steady him.
'Ger off me,' said John. 'ger off …'
The smile disappeared, but returned a second later, John making an effort to push his temper back. Suddenly, he began to giggle uncontrollably.
'One more,' said Ray. 'And a single.'
John pouted. He waited for the drink to arrive, to knock it down in one. But Ray had other plans.
He grabbed John's hand as he reached for it. 'Slowly,' he said. 'Drink it slowly.'
John picked up the glass ever so slowly, placed it to his lips. Then the mimicking backfired. He was unable to contain the giggle and he giggled at the same time as the whisky was half way down his throat.
He spluttered and choked; which did strange things to his stomach. He half crawled, half ran to the toilet, closely followed by Ray.

'How do you feel?'
John was deathly white. His eyes were half closed and strange noises erupted from his gut.
'I've made a bit of a fool of myself, haven't I?'
He was sat on the toilet seat, holding the wall for balance.
'Just a bit,' said Ray. Then he asked: 'Why, John, why? You know you can't take that stuff.'
Thoughts came flooding back. The horror of the supermarket; Robin's words:
'But granny isn't dead.'
Rationally, John imagined that Brenda had told him that people, when they die, go to heaven and live forever. He hoped, he PRAYED, that that was the case, that Brenda had told him that, but somehow he wasn't so sure.
His body began to shake again, and a look of despair took him over, tinged with fright.
'What IS the matter, John? Surely nothing can be that bad.'
John told him the story. The visit to the supermarket, the unusual foods Brenda had bought; even the old clothes she wore.
'But surely that agrees with what the psychiatrist told you. He said she may try to be her mother.'
'I know he did. But he didn't prepare me for this.'
He took the cheque out of his pocket and showed it to Ray.
'Oh, I see.'
Ray's expression changed. 'It's unusual, but I'm sure it's just part of the same process.'
'Oh yea, sure. Ray, she signed that cheque in her dead mother's name.'
'Come on, I'm taking you home.'
'No! I don't want to go home. She's going to kill me, Ray. She is. She's going to kill me.'
John struggled as Ray took him by the arm. He was going insane. His fear of his own home was becoming an obsession.
'John. For pity's sake, stop struggling. You're acting like a mad man. You're imagining things - reading too much into it. I've told you, Brenda's distraught, nothing more.'
'She's gonna get her own back. I know it, she's gonna get her own back.'

Ray finally got him out of the pub and into his car.
'Now calm down,' he said as he strapped him in. 'Calm down or I'll have to hit you.'
'Okay, Ray, okay. I'm alright.'
Ray drove off, arriving at John's house a couple of minutes later.
'Goodnight, John,' he said, letting him out. 'Now Remember. You've got it wrong. She's just upset - nothing more.'
'Yes,’ said John.
He got out of the car and walked towards the house. Ray waited a few moments, making sure that John entered the house before driving off.
John looked at his watch when he stood in the hall. It was only half past seven, but he knew he couldn't face Brenda. The lounge door was closed and he heard voices from within.
Robin and Brenda were talking.
He decided to go straight to bed; try to bury his torment in slumber. He took the cheque out of his pocket and stared at the signature. Then he went upstairs.
Brenda heard him in the hall and recognized the sound of him going upstairs. Robin knelt on the floor by her, his arms outstretched while she unravelled some old balls of wool, using his arms to re-roll it.
'Daddy's gone straight up to bed,' she said, a strange look in her eye.
'Yes, granny,' said Robin.

Chapter Twenty Three

Ray hadn't slept a wink.
He rubbed his eyes as he left for work, forcing them to focus. He liked his sleep and became irritable when he didn't get it. But not today. Today was an exception.
He'd been thinking all night, trying to work out just what was happening to John. He liked John. They had been friends for years - even went to school with each other. But now Ray was suffering from a clash of loyalties and he had to talk to someone about it, knowing he could get his friend into trouble by doing so. But then again, he was now quite sure that his friend WAS in trouble.
He walked with a steady stride. He carried his uniform well.
Ray had been in the police for six years now and was doing well, hoping to transfer to CID soon. Placing his helmet on the desk he picked up the phone; asked if he could speak to Detective Inspector Oliver.
Soon he was walking down the corridor to CID.
'Sit down young Ray,' said Oliver. 'What can I do for you?'
Oliver liked Ray. He was a good copper and intended to bend every rule to get him into CID as soon as possible. The Inspector was sure Ray had a good career ahead of him.
'Sorry to take up your time, guv, but I think I've got something for you.'
'Well? What is it about?' asked Oliver.
'I understand you're still working on the Hilda Myers case.' Ray spoke in a whisper, as if he didn't want anyone else to hear his treachery.
'Yes, that's right. But I wouldn't have thought that would interest you. Most people here think I'm wasting my time. But I'm not; I'm convinced she was murdered.'
Ray sat silently a moment, deep in thought, momentarily doubting what he was about to do. Then he realized his duty.
'So am I,' he said.
Oliver showed renewed interest in his colleague. 'What exactly do you mean, Ray?' he asked.
'John Ferguson. He's a good friend of mine.'
'I see ... I didn't know that,' said Oliver, annoyed that his investigation had not uncovered this fact. 'And you suspect him?'
'Ever since her death he's been acting strangely; almost paranoid. Typical guilt complex. He's started imagining all sorts of things. I'm sure it's his guilty conscience.' Ray then tried to plead for his friend. 'You see, guv, he's a good bloke; never been in trouble in his life.'
'Oh dear, Ray,' said Oliver. 'What is this thing, “a good bloke"? Is there such a thing? Everyone has two sides, Ray; good and bad. You should know that. It's just that most people show their good side most of the time. People call them good as if they could never do wrong. But when their bad side comes across, you usually find it's very bad. Everyone's capable of murder; if the circumstances are right.'
Ray knew he was right. It made him feel a bit better.
'Are you really convinced John did it, guv?'
'I am.'
Ray swallowed hard then began to talk.
'The day she died, John had taken a day off work. He claimed he had a cold. He'd been annoyed ever since she came to live with them; he hated her. Anyway, that morning I bumped into his wife and she said John was ill. I called on him to see if there was anything I could do to help.
'When he answered the door he showed no signs of being ill, but he was in a state alright. He was nervous and appeared to be frightened. And the funny thing was he kept having to pull up his trousers. You see, he didn't have his belt on and they kept falling down. Apart from that, he was very abrupt with me, as if he was trying to hide something. He certainly didn't want me to enter the house.'
Oliver sat, fascinated. At last he was beginning to get somewhere. He said: 'Go on.'
'Well, that was about ten minutes before he called the ambulance. He was going about in a panic, so surely, if the woman had already had a heart attack, he would have been glad of my assistance. And why not put your belt on if you have time to put on a tie? It doesn't add up.
'And as I said, ever since then he has gone paranoid. Last night he kept on going on about his wife getting her own back. And that frightened me. I think if he did kill his mother in law, he's also capable of killing his wife. He's sure she suspects, you see; and in his mood he could do anything.'
The other, junior, detectives busied themselves around the office. Their movements were too erratic for Oliver. He preferred to operate more slowly; think things through to their final conclusion. He never went off half-cocked like the others.
He was thinking now. He thanked Ray for the information; buttered him up and congratulated him for putting loyalty to the law before that of a friend. Yes, he thought, Ray would go far.
But his attention drifted away from his colleague. It was firmly on the case in hand.
Tie but no belt. Why?
In a panic, but not wanting help; as if trying to hide something.
Why?
Answer: obvious. He had already pushed her down the stairs.
She was lying there on the floor in absolute agony, her heart attack looming, when … the doorbell rings.
What to do? What to do?
The cupboard. Stuff her in the cupboard. Gag her and tie her up. The belt. Take it off and wrap it around her wrists, probably stuffing a handkerchief in her mouth. So she cannot have been dead at the time.
Leather belt. Wrapped around arms. Restraint. Not dead, so chances are she would be struggling; especially if she heard voices in the hall.
A chance for salvation?
Yes. She would struggle with all her strength, disregarding the pain from the belt.
Leather rubbing against skin? It would leave marks. Oliver cursed that pathologist for not making a complete investigation. A complete investigation would have found ...
He picked up the phone and called the coroner's office. He needed proof; and there was only one way to obtain that. A body takes ages to decompose; especially a buried body. The corpse would still have skin, and, hopefully, marks from the struggle with the belt. 
Oliver was a good copper. He leant back, congratulating himself. Then he saw the juniors around him and grabbed the desk.

Chapter Twenty Four

John hadn't eaten.
He'd woken with a vile headache and his mouth was dehydrated. He was alone in bed, Brenda busying herself downstairs. It took a great effort of will for him to rise and dress, skimping over wash and shave and going downstairs.
In the hall he peered through the half open lounge door.
Brenda was going to and fro from lounge to kitchen, talking quietly to herself and occasionally to Robin, eating his breakfast.
John didn't want to talk to her; he didn't want anything to do with her again, ever. His whole attitude had changed. The happy life he once knew had gone forever, destroyed by his own actions, replaced by a lonely, frightened life in which no one could be trusted. And that especially included Brenda. His suspicions about her terrified him more than anything else.
Without speaking he sneaked out of the house and walked to the pub car park where his car still stood, abandoned the night before.
'Good morning, John,' said Harry, busy sweeping the pub forecourt. 'How do you feel this morning?'
He received no reply. To John, Harry didn't even exist. He walked straight past him and headed for his car. However, Harry couldn't help but notice the strange, contorted look on John's face. It was a look that puzzled him, and he would not forget it as long as he lived.
Mechanically, John drove into the city, and work. Mechanically he parked the car.  Mechanically he entered the building, ignoring the doorman's greeting and heading straight for the elevator to be taken to the fifth floor office where he worked.
Once in the office suite, he ignored his staff; simply walked into his private office, slamming the door behind him.
He was oblivious to the mutterings of his staff. He simply sat behind his desk, unmoved and in total silence, as if a man possessed by some strange, overwhelming spirit.
Once or twice during the morning the bravest of his staff attempted to enter his office, but soon departed with the single word 'out' blasted in their ear. It was not said in temper, or in rage; just matter of fact.
However, the third time the door opened that morning his order was not obeyed, his outrageous manner doing nothing to deter this new visitor.

'I want to tell you a story,' said Detective Inspector Oliver as he sat. 'It concerns two people; a young man in his thirties and a poorly old lady called Hilda.'
John remained silent, unmoved; on the outside at least. But inside anxiety was beginning to build up, bringing him slowly to boiling point.
'Nothing to say, Ferguson?' continued Oliver, leaning forward and staring him straight in the eye.
John continued his silent vigil, feeling the palms of his hands begin to sweat. He wanted to rub them, wash them; they were unclean.
'The story goes like this.' Oliver leaned back in his chair, adopting a relaxed posture. 'Once upon a time there was a man called John Ferguson. He wasn't a nasty bloke. He'd never done anything wrong in his life. But he had a nasty mother in law and he decided to kill her.
'Being an old lady, he knew her heart was weak. For ages and ages he slowly began to terrorize her, breaking down her already fragile health and making her very insecure.  Then, when the time was right, and most importantly he was alone with her, he pushed her down a flight of stairs, making it out to be an accident.
'With all the pain from this, err … accident, just a little more terrorizing and she would be dead.
'But oh dear, there is someone at the door. What to do? There’s a dying woman on the floor, in full view if the door was opened. I know. Stuff her in the broom cupboard. But how do I keep her quiet? I know. Tie her up. What with? How about my belt?
'Get rid of the intrusion and bang! One dead mother in law.' Oliver leaned forward again. 'How does that sound to you, Ferguson?' he said, smiling.
John couldn't keep up his pose any longer. His face changed colour, lips quivered, forming words that wouldn't come. Then, finally, he spoke, the words bursting from him.
'You're talking a load of rubbish, Oliver!' It was like a high pitched scream; a man on the edge of despair and slowly losing control, entering the province of the insane. 'You can't prove a bloody thing.'
'But that's where you're wrong,' said Oliver, his grin becoming larger. 'I'm having Hilda Myers exhumed.'
'And what will that prove?'
Oliver's accusing finger came into play again, shooting up like a drawn revolver. 'That will prove that she was bound by the wrists with a leather belt - a thing that was not checked on the initial autopsy. Together with a witness of your state that morning, including lack of belt, just minutes before you made your call to the ambulance …'
Oliver stopped to take a breath.
'I'm going to put you away for life,' he finally continued. 'And do you know what, Ferguson? I'm going to enjoy it. You see, with a normal family murder I sometimes feel sorry for the murderer. Often they are provoked; almost made to do it. Perhaps that is true in your case, too. But it's the means by which you did it. Callous. Brutal.
'No, Ferguson, you shouldn't have done it that way.'

As previously explained, Oliver was a slow, meticulous copper; more a man of deduction than action, as well as being rather old. So when John moved, Oliver was taken by surprise.
He fell to the floor with a bang, taking vital seconds to gather his thoughts. And as soon as John had upturned the seat, he was off, running through the outer office, his shoulders going up and down as he tried to control his limp. He barged past several of his staff, bowling them over as he ran.
'Which way did he go?' demanded Oliver as he struggled with his hurting arm. He didn't think it was broken, but he had landed on it badly.
One of the staff pointed to the open fire exit as she struggled to help a fallen colleague. Oliver rushed for the exit as fast as his ageing legs would take him, knocking one of the employees over once more just as she had regained her balance.
'Sorry,' he said as he climbed out of the open window. He peered down the metal, snake-like ladders clinging to the side of the building.
John was nearly at the bottom, his feet clanging the iron bars of the ladders as he descended. Keeping one eye on the holds and the other on Ferguson, Oliver followed his tracks, puffing and panting as he climbed down, trying to ignore the vertigo.
John was out of breath when he reached terra firma. He looked about him erratically, trying to picture just which alley he was in, trying to figure out the quickest way to his car. Looking up, he saw Oliver just thirty feet above him. He took a chance on the right direction and ran with all his strength.
Oliver jumped the last ten feet, hitting the ground with a bump and a groan. He caught sight of Ferguson as he rounded the corner. Finding renewed energy he continued the chase, rounding the corner just seconds after his prey.
Suddenly Oliver stopped. It became obvious that Ferguson was heading for his car. He changed direction and headed off for his own, knowing he couldn't catch up with Ferguson before he drove off.
John didn't bother with his seat belt. He turned the ignition and gunned the throttle, racing out of the car park and heading for the road. He looked through his rear view mirror and caught sight of Oliver, turning the corner with a screech of tyres.
The chase was on.
John cursed. He was breathless and tried to control his breathing. Most of his mental thought was on the road. He drove at incredible speed through the busy labyrinth of the city.
Oliver reached for his radio. 'Central. This is two nine, over.’
No reply.
'Two nine to Central, over ...’
 Still no reply.
'Blast.'
The radio was unserviceable. He threw it onto the passenger seat, cursing the maintenance department. He attempted to keep up with Ferguson, hardly gaining on his fifty yard advantage.
Several times John tried to shake off Oliver, throwing his car tightly round corners. He just missed the odd pedestrian as he turned, blind. At one point a pram loomed ominously to his front. By sheer mental will he managed to turn the car just enough to miss disaster.
He was heading out of the city now. He was passing through the quieter suburbs. Only five minutes had passed since he left the office. By some miracle he had avoided calamity and he thanked his lucky stars for that, hoping they would continue to hold out.
'Crafty bastard,' said Oliver. Ferguson had forced him to slam on the brakes, negotiating the corner at the last second. Oliver was unable to match the angle of the turn, forcing him to overshoot, stop and reverse before continuing the chase. Then, suddenly, he had a thought.
He remembered the road Ferguson had decided to go down. It led to a building site. The road was blocked off; only one way out.
He ignored the corner, coming to a halt once more. He revved the engine, reversed, and headed up the road parallel to the one Ferguson had taken. He took a left turn some two hundred yards up this road, and then another turn.
Sure enough, there he was, about one hundred yards away.
Ferguson was heading straight for Oliver. The road wasn't wide enough for both of them to pass.
'Blast.'
John recognized the car heading for him. He was cornered and he suddenly felt very afraid. He didn't know what to do.
'Okay Ferguson,' said Oliver. 'Decision time. And I'll tell you something, son. I'm not bloody stopping.'
Oliver hurtled down the road, calling the opponent's bluff. He was confident and he had nerve. And he was equally confident that his foe had neither.
'Come on, Ferguson. Let's play chicken …’

Chapter Twenty Five

'Two nine. This is control. Message, over …’
The operator waited patiently for several seconds; after all, Oliver might not be in the car.
'Two nine, come in, over …'
Still no reply. 'Come on Oliver,' muttered the operator, 'where the hell are you?'
'Any luck?' asked the quiet voice on the end of the telephone, an impatient tone to the request.
The operator switched to phone, shaking his head. 'I'm afraid not, doctor,' he said. 'We can't seem to contact him. Maybe his radio is out of action.'
The tubby little pathologist gave a deep sigh, the faint noise travelling the line to the operator's ear. 'Well didn't he leave a message as to where he was going?'
'No, sir. It appears not,' answered the operator. 'All we know is that he left quickly after organizing the exhumation. We assumed he was heading to see you.'
'Inefficiency,' said the pathologist, 'total inefficiency. What would happen if I allowed such shoddy practice in the morgue. I could be dealing with anybody. Well, I'm a busy man, as the Inspector knows. I'm going to be present in the cemetery in three hours. If he's not there, then I'll carry on without him. So you had better get in touch with him quickly, hadn't you.'
The impatient tubby little man put down the telephone, the ominous click echoing in the operator's ear.
'Bloody impatient sod,' he muttered. Then he opened a radio channel:
'Two nine. This is Central. Message, over …’
No reply.

Chapter Twenty Six

'But granny isn't dead.'
Not to Robin, anyway. But Robin had a secret.
Most little boys have this secret. It is with them in early life, usually in the form of an imaginary friend - but only imaginary to those who tell them so. To THEM it is real; and who can know that it isn't?
Robin was outgrowing the secret now. The superstition that things are real only when grown-ups say they are was beginning to take over his psyche. The final turmoil of puberty, when the child has to deny the secret in order to survive in real life, was looming. And the secret was fading; was being doubted.
But the secret still told him that granny wasn't dead. The secret still influenced his imagination and he SAW his granny every day - in the house; following him to school ...
And the secret told him that granny had unfinished business.
Oh yes, the secret told him this ...

Brenda sat in her chair, her feet propped on the occasional table. She was attempting to read but the words were not getting through. She had too much on her mind. Thoughts ran through her conscious mind; thoughts she did not understand.
She tried to work them out; decide what had to be done. But she was fighting a losing battle with her mind. So with a sigh she cast her thoughts aside, sending them back into the deep unconscious, unaware that in those dark and mysterious recesses of the unknown her thoughts ran wild with the secret, decisions being made out of her control.
Little did she know that soon, as she sat there, unable to bother herself with the normal daily chores, unable to concentrate on the normal affairs of everyday life, unsure of her own tenuous future, unable to comprehend any form of future happiness ...
… little did she know that soon her destiny would be decided. And there was nothing she could do to stop it.

Chapter Twenty Seven

The car was still.
A hissing noise issued from the engine. The bonnet was creased and came up in a ragged 'V', pointing to the sky. The front grill was missing and the left hand headlight was smashed.
Glass littered the road around the wreck. Where the front had been, there was now a gaping hole in a long ago abandoned house by the side of the road. Both front tyres were flat and the left wheel was twisted, lying at an angle to the road.
Only a few seconds had elapsed since the crash. The dust had not yet settled, but drifted slowly back to earth, sprinkling the roof of the car as it landed. A loose wheel rattled along the road as it rolled on in a vane attempt at perpetual motion. Perhaps it never realized that the journey had ended.
Apart from the hiss, the rattle of the escaped wheel, the scene descended into an eerie calm.
Oliver took a deep breath and opened his eyes. 'Never again,' he said, 'Never again.'
Never, in all his years of service, had he put his life on the line. Maybe it was time to get out, he thought momentarily, shrugging it off as a sign of defeatism.
He looked around him.
He saw no sign of life so he diverted his attention to himself. Mentally he reassured himself that he could feel every limb, every bone. He flexed his fingers and twiddled his toes, consciously counting every one of them.
Confident that he was intact, he struggled out of the wreck and crossed the road to where the second smashed car awaited his inspection.
He'd been lucky, really. His bluff HAD worked. He HAD forced his opponent off the road, only losing control himself at the last second.
Everything about Ferguson's car issued silence. The front end had been totally smashed in as it ploughed through the brick wall. But he could see no head protruding above the window; no sign of life.
Oliver was suddenly filled with grief as he approached the car, expecting to see Ferguson's body slumped in the front seat. He had never killed anyone before. Okay, it wasn't murder. He was merely doing his duty. But still ... all those years and no one killed.
He had hoped to keep that record clear right through to his retirement. He was suddenly very sad and slowly his guilty side came to the car and peered in.
'Blast!' he cursed.

John was sat up, aware of an intense pain in his shoulder.
A grimace was the only form of relief he could allow, a gasp or groan being out of the question.
He raised his body an inch and peered over the top of the wheelie bins. Oliver was running across the road and then back again some thirty yards away. John allowed himself a short, pained smile. He looked to the sky and said thank you.
It was the lack of a seat belt that saved him. Fate had obviously decided it was not yet time to die, and instead, threw him out of the car moments before the crash.
After a cursory inspection of the immediate area, Oliver decided Ferguson must have absconded on foot, most likely towards the building site up the road. It had to be his best route of escape.
John watched him race off in that direction.
Dusting himself down and flexing his injured shoulder, he stood. He looked around him, reassuring himself that he could proceed unseen, then, tongue in cheek, he broke cover and slowly made his way up the road, keeping close to the wall.
Oliver darted from nook to cranny, peering into every half-constructed house. The whole site was deserted, the workmen obviously off to lunch, or a day off, sheltering in some hastily constructed shed, warming their hands on inadequate heaters.
After five minutes, feelings of failure began to take him over. He had lost him, he was sure. A manhunt would have to be called, and quickly. He cursed himself for the umpteenth time and decided to run off in search of a telephone. Ring in his report and set the wheels in motion. Get the off duty constables back to work, organize the dogs, take out the map pins.
He was on the far end of the estate, looking around frantically for a telephone, wishing he had followed his younger officer's advice and got a mobile, when he noticed movement from one of the half-built houses. Squinting his eyes, he peered into the shadows.

John had seen him coming and hid himself behind a brick wall. Oliver entered the building.
John crouched down, hoping to evade detection, wishing he had ducked down just that second earlier.
'Ferguson. I know you're in here. You can't get away. Give yourself up.'
Oliver moved closer. He could hear erratic breaths, feel the heat of a close-by body. John slowed his gasps, seeking control. Then a foot appeared next to him as Oliver rested himself by the wall.
Oliver rubbed his forehead as he rested there. He noticed that even in the cold air, he was sweating. He MUST be getting too old, he thought.
John could see the back of Oliver's head towering over him.
He could see his neck and back, just inches away. He brought up his good arm, ready to strike if the policeman turned. And as his arm came up he knocked a tin can by his side.
There was a bang, then a clatter.
In an instant, Oliver turned. As he did so a fist plunged into his jaw, sending him reeling backwards. He landed with a thud on the hard concrete.
John shook his hand. It had hurt. He began to run, heading back into the heart of the estate. Oliver was up in an instant, shaking his head, a trickle of blood oozing from a cut at the side of his mouth.
He rushed to a glassless window. He stuck his head out, scanning the building site for a sign of Ferguson. He saw him out the corner of his eye, heading for sanctuary in another half-constructed house.

John looked back and saw Oliver hot on his trail. He ran with renewed energy, thrusting himself forward, his foot and aching shoulder accentuating the look of disablement.
The ladder leaned temptingly astride the scaffolding as Oliver reached it. Ferguson had just cleared the top and disappeared from view, running along the loose planks laid out across the criss-crossed metal tubes. Oliver thought of his vertigo again, and wished he hadn't. He grabbed the ladder and began the climb, not daring to look down.
Almost at the top of the ladder he spied Ferguson, twenty feet away, coming down another ladder. Seconds later, John was on the ground once more. Oliver was stuck, half way up, half way down, and wondering what to do. But he needn't have bothered thinking about it. The decision was made.
Suddenly the scaffolding moved back from him and his head filled with a swaying motion. He clung to the ladder for dear life.
At the bottom, aided by an immense surge of strength, John balanced the ladder vertically to the ground. He looked up at Oliver, suspended in mid air.
'You've caused me enough trouble, Oliver,' he said, rage taking him over. 'You've ruined everything. But no more.' With a push the ladder tottered and then fell. Oliver spun through the air as he rocketed to the ground.
He landed with a thud. He laid still, his eyes closed and his body unnaturally twisted.
John approached him and looked down at the quiet, pained face. He spat on him.
Spittle ran down Oliver's cheek. John watched it momentarily.
Then he was the devil, filled with insanity. About a hundred yards away he saw a man get out of a car, leaving the door unlocked. John kicked Oliver in the thigh for good measure. Then he walked towards the car, knowing he had something to do.

Chapter Twenty Eight

John Ferguson kept to the side roads.
He skirted round the city, not daring to enter the busy streets. They would have put out an APB by now, he thought, not realizing the police didn't know where Oliver was.
He was paranoid about every car that approached him. Once, he saw a police car heading his way. He swerved into the side of the road and parked between two stationary cars. He ducked down, the patrol car passing him, oblivious to the murderer within their midst.
It was with mixed feelings that he negotiated the road leading to his house. He parked outside and got out. Slowly he walked up the drive, feigning normality. He scanned the area, half expecting armed policemen to jump out at any moment, shooting him dead on the spot.
But they didn't.
He felt weak as he entered the house. He had dropped the keys on his first attempt at opening the door; such was the state of his nerves.
Brenda was sat on the settee, wrapped up in her thoughts.
'Brenda,' he said, 'we have to talk.'
'John! What are you doing home so early?'
'I've taken the day off,' he said. 'We have to talk.'
'Of course.'
'But not here. Let's go for a drive.'
Brenda looked at her watch. 'Alright. But we must back in a couple of hours to collect Robin.'
'Don't worry. We have plenty of time.'
They walked out of the house, Brenda locking the door behind them.
'Where's your car?' asked Brenda as John opened the door for her, Brenda ignoring his gesture and entering via the back.
John slammed the door shut and walked round to the driver's door. 'I decided to put it in for servicing. I borrowed this one from a mate at work.'
'Hhhmmm … very nice.' Her voice seemed hollow and far away. 'Where are we going?' she asked.
'I thought we'd have a ride to the seaside. Can you remember how much we enjoyed walking on the front in the winter? When it's all quiet and peaceful?'
'Oh, yes. I used to enjoy that. Anyway, it isn't such a bad day today, is it?'
Brenda looked out of the window as he drove off. The clouds were beginning to break, the sun about to cast its rays for the first time in many a day.

They never spoke again. They sat quietly throughout the journey to the coast. Each of them descended into their innermost thoughts.
The resort was like a ghost town.
They remembered it from the summer, which didn't seem so long ago. The town had been busy then, a continuous stream of traffic snaking into the resort, horns sounding as they jostled for parking spaces - and then the walk along the front, through the milling crowd. Finding a deck chair on the crowded beach, packed like sardines; attempting to stretch out in the golden sun, avoiding the passing holidaymaker or over zealous donkey, the occasional child rushing by, kicking sand in their faces.
Then there were the queues by the ice cream parlour, the costly but welcome treat, cool and satisfying - the jingle of coins as they fell into the slot machines; their laughs, the squeals of enjoyment.
But now it was different.
Only the diehards could be seen, walking with ease, mingling with the few residents, overcoated and hurrying from shop to deserted shop, praying for the coming of the sun.
John and Brenda Ferguson parked on the front. There were no laughs, no day trippers, no throng - just the sound of the sea pounding the beach with unrelenting anger, then the depressing buildings that crowded the front - the arcades, the parlours - closed; boarded up in ugly manner, the odd graffiti, testament to the local football team; the cold, harsh wind that never dissipated during autumn and winter, carrying droplets of spray from the sea, the gusts blowing the face in unceasing barrage.
John turned up his coat collar to protect himself from the wind, placing his hands firmly in his pockets. Brenda did likewise, slowly walking by his side, her bag dangling from her shoulder.
'Where are we going to walk to?' she eventually said.
John pointed a couple of hundred yards ahead of him. 'Let's go up there,' he said. 'You get a good view from up there.'
Brenda looked in the same direction. The narrow path led through a small wood in the corner of the bay before meandering up and up to the cliff tops. She gave a smile and increased her pace.
John didn't mind her overtaking him. He watched her back as she advanced, oblivious to the thoughts going through her husband's head; oblivious to the fact that he had decided her destiny - and his. A destiny very different to the one they had previously had.

'I'm getting too old for this climb,' said Brenda as she alighted from the wood, heading up the cliffs. Her voice sounded disjointed, the occasional gasp for breath punctuating her words.
They were soon at the top though. John smiled when they arrived and said: 'Let's sit down near the edge.'
Brenda liked the idea and found a sheltered crag in the precipice that shielded her from the brunt of the wind. Her hair stopped blowing and they felt a little warmer, the only hint of the thrusting wind being the howl around them.
'What did you want to talk about?' asked Brenda as she placed her bag beside her.
'Oh, let's just sit here for a while.'
John felt lonely. He knew that soon the greatest change of his life was about to take place. He wished it could be different but knew it was not to be.
'Can you remember,' he said, 'we once brought your mother up here, didn't we? She hated it. She really did.'
'Don't be silly,' said Brenda. 'My mother died before you were born.'
'What?'
'Oh, nothing,' said Brenda, opening her bag.
John looked over the edge of the cliff, watching the angry waves pound the rocks far below. Then he turned to Brenda, about to speak about their future apart, but no words came. He just stood there, trying to imagine where she had found it; why she was wearing it.
She placed the old shawl around her shoulders. John noticed how old it made her look; how harsh; how it arched her normally erect back. And her actions became slow, so painfully slow.
A shaking hand reached out for her bag. It fumbled inside. Finally, she withdrew a ball of wool. John watched her take a needle in each hand and she began to knit, her eyes staring out to sea.
'Brenda,' he said, 'what are you doing?'
He received no reply.
'Brenda ... you can't knit …’

The tubby little pathologist stood by the graveside, his coat collar turned up. He took his hand out of his coat pocket and checked his watch.
'Where the hell is that policeman?' he muttered, his patience coming to an end. He had already waited fifteen minutes, but couldn't wait any longer.
The gravedigger was becoming impatient, also. He sat on a nearby grave stone, his spade by his side, hands cupped to his mouth as he blew into them, warming his fingers.
He wore an old donkey jacket which was ripped and dirty and well worn. 'What about me tea break?' he asked; this being his only conversation so far. His wrinkled, pasty face adopted a sombre expression as he thought of his missing tea break.
'What?' snapped the tubby little doctor, annoyed at being spoken to by a lower caste.
The worker spat on the ground, his obvious expertise coming to the fore as the spittle flew through the air, hitting the target he had selected.
'Tea break,' he said.
The doctor looked at his watch again. 'Alright,' he said, 'we cannot wait any longer. I'm due in court in an hour.'
'What you done then?' asked the gravedigger as he picked up his spade.
The tubby little man offered a look of displeasure and stuffed his hands back in his pockets.
The hole grew with every spade full of earth, the pile of soil becoming higher and higher. After what seemed an age the spade hit wood. The gravedigger peered out of the hole and said: 'We're there.'
The tubby little pathologist moved to the side of the grave and peered into the hole as the gravedigger removed the final layer of earth.
'You comin' down?' asked the gravedigger.
'Just take the lid off. Then I'll decide.'
The gravedigger retrieved a small crowbar and heaved at the lid. It creaked and then came loose.
He almost jumped out of the hole, superstition getting the better of him.
The pathologist jumped down and pulled the lid away.
'Good God!' he said, shock showing on his face. 'Good God!' he said a second time.
The body of Hilda Myers was no more. No hair, no muscle, no sinew, no flesh; just bone, nothing but prematurely skeletal remains – a state in which she should not be for months.

'Brenda!' screamed John for the sixth time.
There was no reply - just the click of the needles; that constant click, click, click that drove him mad.
'Brenda.'
The sound echoed in his mind, biting through his thoughts, hammering his conscious as if explosions in his head.
He hated that noise. Then he remembered just what it was that he hated - remembered.
'Brenda,' he tried once more, but to no avail. And then, shocked, and in no more than a whisper:
‘Hilda …’
The knitting stopped.
She turned to face him. Evil shrouded her face; the face of an old woman, wrinkled and surrounded by greying hair.
She stood, her back severely arched, her hands arthritic and old, and slowly she advanced upon him.
'You killed me,' she said, her voice filling the cliffs, deep and echoing through the air and rebounding in his head.
'You killed me,' she said as she approached, menace filling her every movement.
John staggered back. He was afraid. He wanted only to get away from the horror that confronted him. And back he went, the old woman ever advancing, ever menacing. And back he went until he could retreat no more.
He tottered on the edge of the cliff, the swell from below reaching out to take his frail body, to smash it on the rocks, to break and grind his body, and OVER he toppled, reaching out for life, reaching out for salvation, reaching out for that stump which protruded from the rock …
'For God's sake ... help me …’
He clung just inches from the top. He looked up to the sky, praying for life, clinging with every ounce of strength he could muster. Then the evil came.
The shawl touched his hand as the old woman leaned over the edge. The sight of her filled his vision, his mind. And she stared a grotesque stare, spittle falling from the corner of her old, ragged mouth, her eyes issuing a burning gaze. And then the hand, raised high above her head, the sharp, menacing knitting needle ready to thrust down, and down it came ...
Intense pain pierced his hand as the needle struck. And out it came, only to thrust again and thrust again and thrust again …
His mind filled with her laugh; evil, depraved, merciless.
His head seemed to swell until he could take the pain no more. And then his hand went slack, blood oozing from the multiple punctures she had made. And her face got smaller as he fell, her smile the last thing he saw before his body hit the rocks, the tide carrying him off to heaven, or maybe hell ...

Chapter Twenty Nine

It was more like spring than the onset of winter.
No birds sang. There was still a chill in the air and people still dared not venture out without their coats. But the sky was a beautiful, cloudless blue.
The two children played happily in the morning sun. They played tig, and their giggles filled the silent, lonely beach. The little dog became infected and it yapped in unison with its friends.
The sea was tranquil, its tame waves rising only inches and peacefully rolling onto the golden beach. With the waves came the odd can, first cast into the sea in some far off place. Seaweed came also, being left stranded as the waves receded.
The children ventured closer to the sea, and so did the dog, but they never noticed the larger sea debris the waves had left. Not at first.
But the dog did.
It was the change in tone in the dog's yapping that first alerted them. They turned to see him by the waterline, head bowed, tail wagging.
There was urgency to its bark, mingled with a little curiosity.
The children ran to the waterline to see what the commotion was. They hoped it would be the beginning of some great adventure, or some wonderful thing to play with. But they stopped when they approached.
They stopped their giggles and they stopped their laughs.
It would be many days before they did either again.
The body was silent. The exposed areas of skin were blue and undulated with the sea life to which it was now home. The corpse seemed cruelly wrinkled and it was covered in rags.
An arm was missing; the other badly twisted. One leg appeared shorter than the other. How odd, thought the children, but then they saw the wound on the shorter leg. It had been bitten off at the knee by some monster of the deep. But it was the face that made them scream - for nothing can be more unnerving than a face with no eyes ...

Oliver was a model patient.
He had never appreciated his life being messed up by others, and he believed the same courtesy should be applied by him. Hence, he always did as the nurses told him.
Luckily for him, the nurses never told him to walk. He couldn't - not yet anyway; perhaps never.
He retained a happy smile, never showing unease at his new circumstances. He received many visitors and was always sociable and polite.
Several of the visitors commented on the huge bump under the bedclothes by his legs. It was a cage to keep the heavy bedding off them.
It was all to do with his spine. He fell a long way from that ladder and jarred it; knocking something out of place.
It had a name but Oliver never understood all that medical jargon. All he knew was that he might walk again, or might not. He, however, decided he would. And he always got his way did Oliver.
Apart from putting John Ferguson away, that is.
He was a bit annoyed when he read the verdict of the Coroner's Inquest:
Accidental death.
Rubbish, thought Oliver. The man committed suicide. Why go up there to the cliffs in the first place, especially in that weather; and all alone – although it was bit funny his wife disappearing for a few days like that. I wonder where she'd been? he asked himself. Still, she was alright now.
His career was over, of course. He was just plain old Percy Oliver now. MISTER Percy Oliver. It had a definite ring to it.
Mister Percy Oliver.
Yes, he liked it; and his pension, of course. That would come in useful.
Considering his love affair with the police, you might have thought it strange that Mr Percy Oliver was happy with his lot. To be true, under normal circumstances he wouldn't be. But he had made a mistake, and he knew it. For the first time in his career he had made a major blunder. He didn't tell anyone where he was going. They didn't know his predicament. He had made a mistake and it had nearly cost him his life. He was too old and, being a realist, he came to terms with the fact.
After all, it wasn't as if he'd never see the police station again, nor experience the excitement of police work. He would see and do both. As soon as he was better, with or without the use of his legs, he was going back to work as a civilian advisor.
Mr Percy Oliver had plenty to look forward to. He could even answer back the Super. Now THAT was promotion.

Ray didn't want to see Brenda.
He hadn't expected it to end like this and he was full of guilt. His best friend was dead, and because of him. Of course, Brenda didn't know that, but he knew he couldn't look her in the eye. He felt like a Judas.
If only he'd known that the secret had intervened. But as it was, the only thing he could take comfort in was the fact that he thought he had saved Brenda's life. So sure was he that John was going to kill her.
Maybe he was; or maybe he just wanted to say goodbye.
Ray wasn't even going to go to the funeral in case he came eyeball to eyeball with the widow. But Joan had made him go, and she accompanied him.
She knew what he had done. She knew he had betrayed John and she had told him that he had done right. But he couldn't help the guilt.
So here they were; a small gathering by the graveside, his friend's coffin being lowered into its final resting place, the words of the priest echoing in the morbid surroundings.
Once or twice he let his gaze wander to Brenda. She looked different to the last time he saw her. She seemed young again, trouble free. He hadn't expected that. He had expected her to be near breaking point, but she wasn't and he couldn't understand.
Perhaps, he thought, she had taken so much grief that she had shut it off. They say there comes a time when you can take no more and the pain simply goes away. He hoped that was the case.
Then he looked at Robin. He was stood next to Brenda, his finger fidgeting, as if he was bored by the whole thing. Did he understand? thought Ray. Could he understand? He looked into Robin's eyes and they looked so serene, so content. Yet Ray couldn't help but think there was some secret in that look.
And so the funeral was over and the assembled crowd moved away. It was then that Ray turned to point something out to his wife.
'Look,' he said, pointing to Brenda's child. 'Robin’s hurt his foot. He's limping just like John.'

About the Author

1955 (Yorkshire, England) – I am born (Damn! Already been done). ‘Twas the best of times … (Oh well).
I was actually born in the year of Einstein's death, close to Scrooge's Counting House. It doesn't mean anything but it sounds good. As for my education, I left school at 15 and have had no formal education since. Hence, I'm self-taught.
From a family of newsagents, at 18 I did a Dick Whittington and went off to London, only to return to pretend to be Charlie and work in a chocolate factory.
When I was ten I was asked what I wanted to be. I said soldier, writer and Dad. I never thought of it for years – having too much fun, such as a time as lead guitarist in a local rock band – but I served nine years in the RAF, got married and had seven kids. I realised my words had been precognitive when, at age 27, I came down with M.E. – a condition I’ve suffered ever since – and turned my attention to writing.
Indeed, as I realised that no expert could tell me what was wrong with me, I began my quest to find out why. Little did I realise it would last decades and take me through the entire history of knowledge, leaving me with the certainty that our knowledge systems are inadequate.
My non-fiction is based on P-ology, a thought process I devised to work with patterns of knowledge, and designed to be a bedfellow to specialization. A form of Rational Holism, it seeks out areas the specialist may have missed. I work from encyclopaedias and introductory volumes in order to gain a grasp of many subjects and am not an expert in anything, but those patterns keep forming. Hence, I do not deal in truth, but ideas, and cover everything from politics to the paranormal.
When reading my work I ask only: do I make sense? Of course, an expert would say: a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. I agree. And an expert has so little knowledge of everything.
I also write novels and Flash Fiction in all genres. Check out my bookstore for more details.

Connect with Anthony

Smashwords Author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
Anthony's Website: http://anthonynorth.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Anthony-North-184587364887515
For details of more social media, check out my website

