A Frightful Move
By Chris Varga





Copyright @2005.  Smashwords Edition


Chapter One




Jill Mulberry inserted the key into the lock and opened the door.  She stepped into what would be her new home for the foreseeable future.  Her husband Frank, who was right behind her, entered and dropped the two suitcases and large duffel bag he was carrying.
“I like it.  It’s kind of rustic,” Jill commented as she surveyed what she could see of the house.  A large spiral staircase was ten feet in front of them.  It was carpeted in dark blue.  Behind the staircase was a door and the house led off to the left and right.
Frank closed the door.  “Well this is our new home.  You must be used to living in a house this large, but I’m not.  I hope it’s not too big.”
“Oh, Frank.  I told you when I married you I didn’t care that my parents have a lot more money than yours.  What matters is us.  We’re equal.  So what if my parents are millionaires?” Jill said.
“That money they gave you helped pay for this house,” Frank said.
“It wasn’t that much.  And if we had stayed in New York, we wouldn’t have gotten such a nice place.  Things are cheaper out here in New England,” Jill remarked.
“And slower and quieter,” Frank said.
“Can we just enjoy our new life together?  I want to go look around,” Jill said and hurried off to the left before Frank could say anything back.
“I’m going to find the master bedroom!” Frank called and picked up the duffel bag and one of the suitcases.  
He went up the spiral staircase.  A long hallway stretched to the left and right as well as towards the back of the house.  Frank saw more doors to the sides than back so he guessed the master bedroom was towards the back.  He walked forward and opened a door on his left.  It was a large sitting room.  There was a couch, a loveseat, and an armchair.  Frank then tried the door across the hall on the right.  It was a large bathroom.  There was a large tub as well as a stand-only shower.  Except for the thick dust on all the counters, it looked very nice.
Frank tried the next door on the right and found the master bedroom.  A huge king sized bed was in the center of the far wall.  Two endtables were on either side.  There was a lot of floor space.  Just this room was almost as big as their first apartment in New York City.  A wooden armoire was in the corner and a door was nearby.  Frank put the bags on the bed and opened the door.  He found a long walk-in closet.  A few old wire hangers were scattered along the poles.  He was told the house was big and luxurious but it was more than he expected.  He wasn’t used to king-sized beds and walk-in closets.  Frank felt like he would like living here.  He hoped he would also enjoy the town and his new job.

Meanwhile, Jill had just stepped into the deluxe kitchen.
“Oh, this is wonderful,” she said aloud.
There were full length windows along the back, letting the afternoon sunshine in.  A small round table with six chairs was near the windows.  There was a large island counter in the middle with drawers and cabinets in the sides.  There were two stoves.  One was the regular kind with four gas burners on top.  The other one was higher up and set into the wall.  Jill didn’t expect to find much, but she opened the refrigerator and wall cabinets anyway.  The refrigerator was empty except for baking soda.  All but one of the cabinets was bare.  The one that wasn’t had a box of cereal and a can of soup.  They were unopened, but Jill figured they couldn’t possibly be good anymore.  She had been told the house was unoccupied for a few years.  She couldn’t wait to go shopping and fill up the kitchen.  In the island drawers she found some carving knives.  A pot and a skillet was in one of the cabinets.  Sliding double doors led off to the right.  Jill opened them and saw a dining room table fit for a king.  She had only seen ones this long in movies.  Jill counted the chairs and saw that it sat twenty-two people including the people on each end.  The wallpaper was a faint red and the floor was red.  Jill didn’t particularly care for the color.  She preferred blue or yellow if walls and carpets were to be a color other than white.  Possibly pale green.  Since they probably would hardly ever be eating in here anyway, it didn’t matter too much to her.  The table in the kitchen was plenty for them to eat their regular meals at.  Only if they threw a party would this dining room be appropriate.  The only other door led back towards the front of the house.  Jill opened it and found herself in the entryway.  She had come out the door they had seen when they first walked in.

Jill then walked off to the right of the front door.  There was a long living room.  A short hall at the far end led to the back of the house.  There was a door to the left and right as soon as Jill made the one step up into the hall.  Jill opened them both and found stairs leading down to the basement on the left and a small bathroom with only a toilet and sink to the right.  At the end of the short hall was another pair of sliding doors.  These ones were white.  Jill opened them and found herself in an impressive game room.  There was a pool table as well as darts and an antique chessboard.  Jill looked at the chess board a moment.  The pieces were set up in their starting positions on the board.  Jill had only played chess a few times in her life and wasn’t very good, but she looked forward to playing if Frank would agree.  They didn’t own many games.  Jill was glad the previous owners had left most of the furniture.  That took a big expense off of their shoulders and the price they paid for the house wasn’t much more than an unfurnished one would have been.  Jill looked around the room further.  There were white blinds which were closed over what might have been a glass door to the backyard.  Jill decided to check by opening them and found she was right.  She slid open the glass door and stepped outside.  Their backyard was about an acre, Jill had been told.  There were trees all around it as well as a red wood fence so she couldn’t see into the neighbor’s yards.  Jill stepped further into the yard and enjoyed the summer sun.  She heard there was a beach nearby but she was just as happy sunbathing in a yard.  There was plenty of privacy so she wouldn’t be embarrassed about the ten pounds she gained in the past year.
As she was thinking about what her new life would be like, she heard Frank yell from inside the house.
“Jill, where are you?” he was calling.
“I’m out here in the backyard!”
A moment later, Frank stepped through the back door and said, “There you are.  Do you like what you see so far?”
“Yes.  It’s beautiful,” Jill commented.
Frank hugged her from behind and asked, “So what do you want to do now?”
“Maybe check out the town and find a good restaurant.  I’m starved.”
“Sure,” Frank said as he detached himself from her.
“I think I’ll go food shopping tomorrow.  Maybe just pick up some soda for later at a convenience store,” Jill said.
“Are you going to look at the upstairs now or when we get back?”
“When we get back.  What did you think of it?” Jill asked.
“I only saw the master bedroom and a sitting room.  The bedroom is almost as big as the apartment we just moved from.”
“I think we got a great deal on the place.  I hope we make friends and enjoy things out here.  I could live here a long time,” Jill said as they walked back through the glass door.
She shut the door but didn’t close the blinds.  Then they walked back through the house, got the keys and walked out to their car.

Jill and Frank pulled out of their driveway in silence.  Frank was behind the wheel.  As they drove down the street, Jill noticed their new neighbor working on some flowers in front of her house.  Jill smiled at her, though the woman probably couldn’t tell.  She eyed their car suspiciously as they drove past.
“We should say hi later or tomorrow,” Jill commented to her husband.
“Take it easy.  It’s our first day here,” Frank said.
“I know but it was so hard to meet people in the city.  We only had one friend each and never talked to our neighbors.  It’d be nice to know the people next door.  My parents lived in the suburbs when they were young.  It was one of those neighborhoods where everybody knew everybody,” Jill remarked.
“Why did they leave?” Frank asked.
“My dad got a job with a major corporation.  He didn’t want to commute.”
“I thought you said he’s a Broadway producer,” Frank stated, checking his facts.
“That’s only since he was forty or so.  When he was young he was a businessman,” Jill corrected him.
“I don’t think you ever told me that.”
“It never came up.  But we’ve only been married about a year.  If you want to learn more about me, just ask,” Jill said.
“Maybe I will.  I’m glad I could get a job out here.  I hope it will be okay,” Frank commented.  “There are a lot more connections and resources in the city.”
“Well thank your friend for the job.  You knew him in college, right?” 
“Yep.  Larry McAstor.  We were in the same fraternity.  Before a few months ago, I hadn’t spoken to him in years.  I wonder what made him call,” Frank said thoughtfully.
“But if he didn’t, we wouldn’t be living here.  I think I’m going to like the suburbs.  Except for some summers with my aunt, I’ve always lived in Manhattan.  I want a change.  You do too, right?” Jill asked.
“I agreed to the move, didn’t I?” 
They came to an intersection.  It looked like there were some stores down the road to the right.
“Why don’t you turn right?  I think there might be something,” Jill suggested.
Frank silently complied.  On the right, down the road from them was a sign advertising a diner.  It appealed to Jill as soon as she saw it.
“Billie’s Famous Diner.  How about that?” Jill asked.
“Where is it?” Frank asked.  The building next to the sign was a mechanic’s garage.
“It said next left.”
Frank took the next left which was at a traffic light.  They spotted the diner quickly.  Frank pulled in to the large parking lot.  It was half full of cars.  As they were walking up the path, a young man on a bicycle rode past them.
“I’d like to get a bicycle,” Jill commented.
“For now, let’s worry about dinner,” Frank said and held the door open for his wife.
There was a hostess stand with no one at it when they walked in.  Some of the patrons looked up at the newcomers.  Except for one young couple, they were older men and women.  A short, middle aged lady with heavy eye makeup came over to them.  She had blonde hair and was overweight.
“Welcome to Billie’s.  Can I seat you two?” she asked politely.
“Yes please,” Jill said.
The hostess led them to a window booth.  She handed them their menus, smiled, and then left.  Like most diners, there was a large selection of dishes to choose from.
“They serve breakfast all day!” Jill exclaimed.
“You had breakfast this morning,” Frank reminded her.
“That was oatmeal.  I’m talking about an omelette or pancakes.”
“Well I’ll pass on that.  I hope their sandwiches are good,” Frank said, deciding what to get.
A red haired waitress who was also overweight came up to their table.
“Good evening.  I’ll be taking care of you.  Can I start you off with something to drink?” she asked cordially.
“Yes, a coffee,” Frank said.
“Regular or decaf?”
“Regular.”
“I’ll have a diet Coke, please,” Jill said without looking up from her menu.
“Sure thing,” the waitress said and walked away.
“See anything you like?” Jill asked Frank.
“Their prices are very reasonable for one thing.  Let’s hope the turkey sandwich is good.”
“I think I’ll get a ham and cheddar omelette with hash browns,” Jill said decidedly.
The waitress returned with their drinks.
“Do you need a few more minutes?” she asked as she set them down.
“No.  I’ll have a turkey sandwich and she’ll have a ham and cheese omelette with hash browns,” Frank said.
Jill looked annoyed at something but forced a smile as she handed her menu to the waitress.
“That’s all?” the waitress said while writing the order down.  She had rested her pad on the menus.
“Yes,” Frank and Jill said together.
After she walked away, Jill remarked, “I know how to order food myself, you know.”
“What’s wrong with me telling her?” Frank asked.
“Nothing,” Jill sighed and took a sip of her soda.
Frank took a deep breath and looked around.
“I wonder how the social scene is around here.  Maybe I should ask our waitress if she knows any good places,” he said.
“Go ahead,” Jill said and looked out the window.
A woman with three young children was walking up the path.  The kids were running around her and Jill could hear muffled yells through the window.  Frank noticed her looking.
“Maybe that’ll be you in ten years,” he said with a smile.
“I only want two.  A girl and a boy.  And mine would be well behaved,” Jill said still looking at the woman and her kids.
“Right.  We’ve been through this already,” 
Their meals came about five minutes later.  As the waitress was putting them on the table, Frank said, “Uh, hi.  We’re new to the area.  Do you know of any good places to go?”
“New to South Rayport?  Where’d you move into?” the waitress asked.
“The big house on Chester Street,” Frank replied.  Jill gave him a look like that was too detailed an answer.
The waitress looked disturbed at something and was silent a moment.  Then she said, “Oh.  Lovely place.  So are you asking me about nightlife?”
“Yes.  You do live in the area, right?” Frank asked.
“For all my thirty-seven years.  Well there’s two bars in town.  The Brew Barn and Liza’s.  But Liza’s has a rougher crowd.  You might be better off at the other.  We have the movie theater on Maple Street.  Once in a while there are dances sponsored by the town.  I don’t know where you’re from and what you’re used to, but this town is pretty quiet,” the waitress said.
“We’re from New York City,” Jill stated.
“New York?  What in God’s name made you come here?” the waitress asked.
“A job offer and we wanted a change from the city,” Frank told her.
“Well whatever.  I have to get back to my other tables,” the waitress said and excused herself.
“Sounds like a great place.  I hope we don’t get bored,” Frank said sarcastically.
“We never went to clubs that often while we were in the city.  So what’s the difference?  Be positive.”
“Yeah.  I guess.  How’s the omelette?” Frank asked.
“Excellent,” Jill replied, though she had only taken two bites.
“The sandwich is worth the money,” Frank commented.
“Oh, you and money,” Jill said and paused.  Then she added, “Do you think something is wrong with our house?”
“What are you talking about?” Frank asked.
“The way she paused and said ‘lovely place’.  The way you’d call a trailer park lovely.”
Frank laughed slightly.  “Oh Jill, come on.  She’s probably not even sure which house I meant.  And if so, I doubt she was ever inside.”
“You’re probably right.  But it just felt like she knew something.  Something not good,” Jill stated uneasily.
“Like bad plumbing?” 
“I don’t know.  Never mind,” Jill said and shrugged her shoulders.
They didn’t say much through the rest of their meal.  As the waitress was clearing their plates, she asked “Can I get you guys any dessert or coffee?”
“No thanks,” Frank said.
Jill gave a forced smile and looked out the window as the waitress put their check on the table.  Frank looked at it momentarily and then got his wallet.
“I might have felt like cappuccino, you know,” Jill said as he was getting his money.
“They have that here?”
“Yes, I saw it.”
“If you really want it, we’ll try to find a Starbucks or somewhere that specializes in it.  Diners aren’t exactly known for specialty coffee,” Frank said as he put a twenty and two singles on the table.
“Yeah.  Whatever.  So how much was it?” Jill asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” Frank responded.
“Why can’t you tell me how much?” Jill asked.
Frank gave an exasperated look and conceded, “Seventeen dollars, about.”
“You’re leaving a five dollar tip?” Jill asked, surprised.
“Why not?  She probably doesn’t make much.”
“But that’s more than twenty percent,” Jill brought to his attention.
“So she’ll get a little extra.  Look, my job is going to pay almost exactly what I was making in New York, but our expenses are gonna be less.  We can afford to be a little generous on occasion.”
The waitress then collected the money and asked, “Do you need change?”
“No, we’re okay,” Frank replied.
Their waitress was unexpectedly pleased and replied with a smile, “Thanks a bunch, sir.  Have a nice night.  And enjoy South Rayport.”
“We will,” Jill called.
Frank scooted out of the booth and escorted Jill out of the building.  The sun was starting to get low in the sky and a cool breeze was now blowing.

They drove around trying to find a Starbucks.  They weren’t successful, but they did find a privately owned coffeehouse and stopped there.  Jill had her cappuccino and persuaded her husband to have one as well.  They sipped their coffee slowly in comfortable armchairs that were provided for the patrons.  When they were done, Jill found a convenience store and got the soda she mentioned earlier.  As she was taking two bottles out of the cooler, she noticed Frank getting a six pack of beer and a four pack of margueritas.
“Drinking already?” she asked, wishing he wouldn’t buy alcohol on the first night.
“Yeah, we should celebrate.  And I’m thinking of you since I’m buying the margueritas.  You don’t like beer, right?”
“That’s right, I don’t.  But I’m not sure I feel like alcohol tonight,” Jill replied.
“Well I’ll get them anyway.  There’s always tomorrow,” Frank said and walked to the front of the store before Jill could respond.
She sighed and followed him to the register.  As the drinks were being rung up, Jill impulsively picked up a pack of gum and put it on the counter.  Frank gave her a little smile.
It was just getting dark as they pulled in their driveway.  Frank carried the bag with liquor and Jill carried the one with soda into the house.  As they were putting their purchases in the refrigerator, Jill exclaimed, “Oh drat!  I should have bought a bag of ice.  The freezer’s empty.”
“Well just wait a while.  It’ll get cold enough from the refrigerator,” Frank responded.
“Guess what else I forgot?  Cups,” Jill said, scolding herself.
“Drink it from the bottle,” Frank suggested.
“That’s disgusting.”
“It’s only us drinking it.”
“I’m not doing that.  Anyway, the bottle is too big,” Jill complained.
“Do you want to go out and get cups?” Frank asked.
“Tomorrow.  I guess I will have one of those margueritas in a while.”
“That’s what they’re there for,” Frank said and surveyed the kitchen.  “So this is a pretty awesome kitchen.  I bet you’ll have lots of fun in here.”
Jill thought his remark was a little chauvinistic but didn’t bring it up.  Instead she said, “You’re gonna faint when you see the dining room.”
“Is it through those doors?” Frank asked, pointing to the sliding doors.
“Yeah, go look,” Jill motioned with her hand.
“You’ll catch me if I do faint, won’t you?” Frank asked jovially.
“I don’t know.  Have you been good?” Jill countered.
Frank winked at her and walked to the doors.  He opened them and did a double take.
“That’s our dining room table?”
“Yeah, can you believe it?  I don’t think we’ll eat in here much anyway.  It’s excessive.”
“I’ll say.  How many people used to live here?  God!” Frank said.
“I don’t know.  Maybe one of the neighbors knows.  Anyway, I just wish it wasn’t that awful shade of red.”
“You want a different shade?” 
“I want a different color.  The carpet too.  I don’t think red makes rooms look attractive,” Jill replied.
“Well I guess we could change it,” Frank suggested.
“How much would that cost?” Jill asked hesitantly.
“I don’t know.  But even if it’s a few thousand, I want you to enjoy it here.  I’m not ready to move over something like that.”
“Oh, don’t rush to do anything.  We’ll look into it some other time.  Besides, as I said before, we probably won’t be using this room much,” Jill said.
Frank closed the doors.  “Well I’m going to have a beer.”
“Warm?” Jill asked.
“It was refrigerated in the store.  The drive was only ten minutes, if that.”
“Go ahead,” Jill said.
“So did you see a TV anywhere down here?” Frank asked as he took a can from the six-pack.
“No, you?”
“No.  We’ll just have to amuse ourselves till we get one.  Well at least the people before us left somewhere to sit.” Frank said as he took a sip of beer.
“I have an extra book in my bag you can borrow,” Jill offered.
“Sorry.  I’m not big on reading.”
“You should try it sometime.  It can be fun,” Jill said.
“For you.  You want to be a novelist.”
“Not everyone who reads for pleasure wants to be a writer,” Jill defended.
“Well call me spoiled then.  I don’t have a good enough imagination to picture things in my head for hours.”
Jill sighed.  Frank finished his beer quickly.  He went for another.
“Don’t you have to start work tomorrow?” Jill asked in a motherly tone.
“Just an hour or so.  Two, max.  It’s just to meet the people and see where I’m going to be working,” Frank said as he opened another can.
Jill had gotten up.  She reopened the refrigerator as he started to close it and got herself a marguerita.
Frank made a motion for them to touch drinks and said, “Well here’s to our new home.”
“And your new job,” Jill said as she bumped her bottle against Frank’s can.

Jill fell asleep shortly before midnight.  She had stayed in bed reading for about an hour while Frank dozed next to her.  During the night she woke up suddenly.  They had plugged in their radio alarm clock, one of the few possessions besides clothes they had brought in the car.  They had arranged for Jill’s parents to send the rest of their clothes and personal items.  They weren’t going to bother with the furniture from their apartment.  From what Jill had seen so far, the furniture here was nicer.
The clock read 2:49 a.m.  Jill groaned and rolled over on her other side.  She wasn’t sure at first, but now she definitely heard classical music playing.  It was faint but she could definitely hear it.  At first it didn’t concern her, but the more she thought about it, the more it did.  There was plenty of space between their house and the neighbors.  Enough so that it wasn’t likely to hear much from next door.  If it was from next door, it would have to be awfully loud.  Their window faced the backyard so it was unlikely to be from the street.  She checked their alarm clock, but that radio was definitely off.  It actually sounded like it was coming from downstairs.  Then she heard something creak that sounded like it was coming from downstairs as well.  Could someone be in their house?
Jill comforted herself by telling herself it was a silly idea.  Why would anyone be in here?  She thought about going downstairs to check, but something held her back.  She felt safe in bed.  Like she was protected even if someone really was in their house.  She heard another creak and got startled.  She nudged Frank until he woke.
“What?” he moaned groggily.
“Do you hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“Noises from downstairs,” Jill replied nervously.
Frank strained his ears a moment and then said, “I don’t hear anything.”
“Not even that music?” Jill demanded.
“Oh, it’s probably from outside.  I’m tired, honey.  Can I get some rest?”
“You think we could hear anything from the street out front?” 
Frank propped himself up on his elbows and turned to face her.
“Jill, there was plenty of noise in the city at night and that never bothered you.  It’s quieter here, sure, but there’s still some noise.  It’s nothing.  At least it’s peaceful music.”
“Yeah, I just have this weird feeling it’s coming from downstairs,” Jill replied.
“Oh geez.  You reading another horror novel?” Frank said and turned on his stomach, dismissing her suggestion.
Jill realized Frank wasn’t going to become concerned no matter what she said so she retorted, “Sorry.  I’m just a silly little female.  Good night.”
She fell back asleep half an hour later.




Chapter Two




The sun was shining through their bedroom window when Jill awoke in the morning.  She could hear birds chirping happily.  She leaned over to kiss Frank good morning but found the rest of the bed empty.  She looked at the clock and saw it was just past ten.  She had slept a little later than usual.  Her typical time to get up was eight thirty.  She pushed the covers off of her and went into the bathroom.  She assumed Frank was downstairs.
Jill spent about fifteen minutes brushing her teeth and fixing her hair.  She debated whether or not to get dressed right then.  Finally she decided that she would get dressed.  She didn’t want to hang around all day doing nothing.  There was a lot of shopping to do.  Most of her clothes were still in her suitcase and she picked an outfit from there.
As she walked downstairs, she remembered her fears of the night before.  She quickly looked around to see if anything had been disturbed.  When she reached the bottom of the stairs she looked through the entryway to her left.  Nothing was moved.  Feeling a little silly, she walked to the kitchen and found her husband sitting at the kitchen table drinking a beer.
“Alcohol at this hour?” she said disapprovingly.
“If you had remembered cups, I might be having soda or water from the tap,” he said with a smirk.
“Cute,” Jill said, giving a fake smile.  She looked around and then put her hands on her hips.  “So do you want to get breakfast somewhere?”
“If they’re still serving it, sleepyhead,” Frank replied.
“Well why didn’t you wake me?” Jill demanded.
“The first night in a new house, I thought you’d like to relax.  Anyway, I’m not hungry right now so I’ll pass on eating till later.  But if you want to get yourself something, I don’t need the car till later.”
“Well I also need to shop for food and kitchen stuff.  Are you coming with me?” 
Frank paused and then replied, “I don’t know.  You’re better at stuff like that.  But don’t pick a TV without me.”
“Supermarkets don’t have TVs, remember?” Jill retorted.
“Good thing you mentioned that or I would have went there looking for one,” Frank joked.
“Right.  So I don’t want to waste time.  My stomach is starting to growl.  You’ll just stay here?”
“Yeah,” Frank answered.
“Where are the keys?” Jill demanded.
“On the table near the front door.”
“Okay, I’ll be back in two to three hours,” Jill said and started to walk away.  Then she turned back and kissed him quickly on the cheek.  “Have fun without me,” she said and returned to leaving the room.
“I will,” he called to her back.

As Jill pulled out of the driveway, she once again saw her neighbor outside.  She waved politely, but the woman frowned back at her.  Jill shrugged it off and went looking for breakfast.  She didn’t want to eat alone at a place that had waiters, so she found a Burger King.
As she was eating her breakfast sandwich and hash browns, she took a pen and small pad out of her purse.  She wrote down some items she had to buy.  The most important things were cups, spoons, knives and forks.  She assumed the supermarket wouldn’t have good metal ones so she might just buy plastic for now.  She thought of other things such as cereal for breakfast and ground beef for dinner.  When they were in New York, they had eaten out most of the time.  Now especially with her deluxe kitchen, she looked forward to cooking most of the meals.  She had usually just tried simple things in the past, but now she might find some recipes and cook more complicated meals.
The supermarket wasn’t far from the Burger King and she found a parking spot right up front.  She had seen someone just pull out of the spot as she turned into the parking lot.  She found a wagon and went inside.  She bought a variety of items, including frozen pizza since she knew Frank liked them.  She found the aisle with utensils and bought a spatula and two sets of silverware.  They were each just a pack with one fork, two spoons, one butter knife, and one steak knife.  That was all they needed to start.  She couldn’t find good glasses so she just bought plastic cups.  When she was at the register, she looked at her watch and found she had spent almost an hour shopping.  Her cart was full and she hadn’t even thought of how much it would end up costing.  It was still cheaper then eating out every meal, so she wasn’t worried.  They had spent plenty on food in New York and managed everything.
As she drove up to her house, her neighbor wasn’t outside any more.  She thought about saying hi after she put the stuff away.  There was also the other neighbor.  She brought what she could carry into the house and walked to the kitchen, half expecting to see Frank still sitting there.  But he wasn’t, so she put the bags on the island counter and walked back to the car for the others.
“Frank.  I’m back!” she yelled as she reached the front hall.
No one answered so she went back outside and managed the rest of the bags.  It was a struggle, but she made it.  Just as she entered, Frank was walking down the stairs.
“That was pretty fast,” he commented as she took a couple bags from her.
“I got enough for starters,” she said and walked to the left, leaving the front door open.
“Is there any more to carry?” he called.
“No.  I got it all.”
Frank closed the door with his foot and followed his wife to the kitchen.  He helped her put the food away.
“I presume you decided to cook more now that we’re out of the city,” Frank said as he observed what they were taking out.
“Yeah, why not?  It’s cheaper.”
“Well I don’t mind,” Frank said as he put some juice in the refrigerator.
“Why would you?” Jill mouthed, barely audibly.
“So you charged it?” Frank asked.
“Yeah, the Visa.  That’s okay, right?”
“Sure.  I didn’t think you had a hundred dollars in your wallet,” Frank stated.
“I don’t.  And it was eighty-six.”
They finished putting the groceries away.
“Do you want to save the bags?” Frank asked.
“Put them under the sink,” Jill ordered as she opened the bag of plastic cups.
She took one out and then poured herself a cup of the fruit punch she had brought.
“I’m getting hungry now.  Any good lunch food?” Frank asked.
“I got rolls and deli meat,” Jill suggested.
“Sounds good,” Frank said and got the deli meat from the refrigerator.  Jill had been the one to put it away.
“Where are the rolls?” Frank asked as he opened his pack of silverware to get the knife.
Jill handed him the bag of rolls which had been hidden by the grocery bags.
“Any sub dressing?” Frank asked as he prepared his sandwich.
“No, sorry.  I didn’t know you wanted that.  I didn’t get mayonnaise either.”
“Well there’s always next time,” Frank said, slightly disappointed.
Frank finished making his sandwich and took it to the table.  He then came back to the refrigerator and poured a cup of soda.
“No real cups?”
“They didn’t have any good ones.  We’ll have to get them somewhere else,” Jill said.  She realized Frank wasn’t going to put the bags under the sink, so she did it herself.  Frank went back to the table with his cup and started on his lunch.  Jill poured herself more juice and then went to sit down next to him.
“Do anything interesting while I was gone?” she asked.
“I called my friend,” Frank replied while chewing.
“Which one?”
“The one who made it possible for us to move here.  He gave me directions to the restaurant and would like us to go there for dinner tonight.  I might stay after the meal to get familiar with things.  Maybe I can get him to drive me home, if you don’t want to sit around,” Frank said, between bites.
“Well we’ll see.  I want to call my parents and tell them we arrived safely and the house is wonderful,” Jill said, getting up to walk to the phone.
The phone was a wall one but it had a cord so Jill had to stand nearby.
“We’ll have to buy a cordless,” Jill stated as the other end of the line rang.  “Hi, mom.  It’s me,” she said right after that as her mother had answered.
“The drive wasn’t too bad,” Frank heard Jill say.
“It’s beautiful.  And most of it is furnished so we don’t have to buy much.  I went food shopping today.  I just got back.  Except for a TV and some modern appliances, the house is complete,” Jill said to her mother.
They talked a few more minutes and then Jill hung up.
“They’re gonna try to ship the rest of our stuff today,” she said as she sat back down at the table.
“That’s good,” Frank replied.
They had left some of their clothes as well as some personal items like Jill’s books in New York.  They wanted to travel light on the ride up.  They had sold some of their furniture and arranged for their parents to either take or sell the rest.  Jill and Frank were both glad when they heard the house was furnished.  Shipping furniture was expensive.  Frank had wanted to pay Jill’s parents for shipping their other belongings, but they had agreed a couple weeks ago that it would be another gift from her parents.
“How’s the sandwich?” Jill asked.
“Fine, honey,” Frank said and looked thoughtful.  “So about waking me last night.  I was right, wasn’t I?  No one was down here.”
“Yeah, I guess I was just being paranoid.  Maybe it’s just being in a new place.  But that reminds me, I want to talk to the neighbor.  See if she knows who used to live here.”
“Okay.  We should go after I finish my lunch.  I don’t know how late we’ll be out tonight,” Frank said.
“Okay,” Jill said and got up.  She had finished her drink quickly and washed the empty cup in the sink.
“Jill what are you doing.  It’s a disposable cup!”
“Well I don’t want to go through the whole pack this weekend!” Jill said as she finished cleaning her plastic cup.
Frank rolled his eyes but didn’t say anything.  Jill turned off the water and put the cup on the counter.  She hadn’t seen her husband roll his eyes.
“I’ll be in the living room reading for a while,” she said as she walked out of the room.
Frank nodded.  After he was finished he threw his paper plate away.  He poured some more soda and drank it standing up.  Then he went to find Jill.  She didn’t look up from her book as he entered the room.
“I hope you’re not in a part of your book you can’t put down because I’m ready,” he said.
Jill finished the paragraph she was on and then put her book down.
“Do you think we should bring anything?” Jill asked.
“Of course not.  We don’t have anything anyway.”
“Yeah, I guess I’m being old fashioned,” Jill said as she walked out of the house with her husband.
They walked across the lawn and over to the house of the woman Jill had seen outside a couple times.  After ringing the doorbell twice and waiting a minute, the woman answered.  She looked a little unsure of what to do.  Jill spoke first.
“Hi, my name is Jill Mulberry and this is my husband Frank.  We just moved into the house next door.  Thought we’d say hi.”  She held out her hand.
The lady paused but then did shake it.
“Well I’m Mabel Weathers.  You two look like a nice young couple.”
No one said anything so Mabel continued, “Well would you like to come in for coffee or tea?  I’m sorry the house might not be as nice as you’d expect.  I wasn’t planning on company.”
“That’s okay,” Jill said and motioned for Frank to go in first.
He did and the woman led them back to her kitchen.  Mabel’s house was bigger than average but smaller than Jill and Frank’s new home.  The furniture wasn’t as nice.
“So I have French vanilla coffee or a few flavors of tea.  What would you like?” Mabel asked as they reached the kitchen.
“The coffee sounds good,” Frank said.
“Do you have raspberry tea?” Jill asked.
“Yes, dear,” Mabel replied and set to work.  While she was working she said, “Me.  I’ll have some coffee with Frank.  Lord knows I need the caffeine.”
Jill and Frank smiled.  They were still standing.  Mabel turned around and noticed.
“You’re allowed to sit, you know.  This isn’t a museum.”
“Sorry.  We know,” Jill said sheepishly and sat at the kitchen table.  Frank did the same.
While the water was boiling and the coffee was percolating, Mabel joined the Mulberrys at the table.
“So how long have you lived here, Mrs. Weathers?” Jill asked.
“For about eighteen years.”
“We’re new to the area.  It seems like such a nice town.  I think I could stay around eighteen years, don’t you Frank?” Jill said.
“Where are you two from?” Mabel questioned.
“New York,” Frank replied.
“The city?” Mabel exclaimed, looking surprised.
“Yeah,” Jill said.
“And you gave that up for this town?” Mabel snorted.
“Well my husband knows someone who lives around here.  He offered him a job and we decided he should accept it,” Jill said.
“What’s the job?” Mabel asked.
“I’m going to manage The Silver Spoon Restaurant,” Frank answered.
“The food there is great.  I go there occasionally,” Mabel said.
The kettle was starting to screech so Mabel got up and poured everybody their drink.  She managed to carry all three mugs to the table herself.  Frank was going to get up to help her but saw she didn’t need it.
“So do you live here alone?” Jill asked as she tried her tea.
“Yes.  I’m a widow,” Mabel answered.
“I’m sorry,” Jill said sympathetically.
“Don’t be.  It’s his own fault for drinking so damn much.”
Jill gave Frank a look.
“I didn’t mean to put you two off, but,” Mabel started.  “It was the truth.  Almost every night he was drinking.  And not just beer.  Scotch, whiskey, vodka.  I tried to tell him for years he should cut down, but he didn’t think there was any problem.  I loved him, though.  He wasn’t abusive to me.  He got a little silly sometimes when he was drunk but he never took a hand to me.  Except once, but that’s not important.  So how long have you two kids been married?”
“Ten and a half months,” Jill told her.
“Well here’s to many years,” Mabel said and held her mug up, meaning for them to toast.  Jill and Frank both did.
“Do you have any children?” Jill asked.
“One.  It would have been two but I had a miscarriage with my second,” Mabel said.
“That’s terrible,” Jill said, a little shocked by how casually Mabel said it.
“Yes.  I’m not the luckiest woman in the world.  Lord knows my property values are low enough.”
Jill didn’t get the connection between luck and property values so she said, “What do you mean?”
“Never mind.  I don’t want to worry you two.  So back to my daughter.  Her name is Emily.  She’s thirty seven and says she never wants to get married so it looks like I won’t ever be a grandmother.” Mabel sighed.
“Well maybe some man will sweep her off her feet one day,” Jill said optimistically.  “So I wanted to ask you about the person who lived in our house before us.  They left the furniture, you know.  Which I’m thankful for because it’s beautiful stuff and that would have cost a lot of money to furnish a house that big.”
“Well actually it was a bed and breakfast for almost all of the nineties,” Mabel said.
“So that’s why the dining room table is so big.  That’s so interesting.  So did it get a lot of guests?” Jill said eagerly.
Mabel looked unsettled.
“Sorry.  Do you know about that?” Jill asked.
“I knew the owners a little, yes.  Not my friends, but I knew them.  And it always found occupants.  Though rarely was every room full.  Mostly out of towners stayed there,” Mabel said.
“So did having a bed and breakfast next door attract you into buying this house?” Jill asked.
Mabel looked like she would rather not answer, but she said, “Well when I moved in, it wasn’t a bed and breakfast.  An old lady lived there.  Just her and her cats.”
“What happened to her?” Jill asked, then realized she could probably guess the answer.
“She died.  Had no will so the house was back on the market,” Mabel said matter of factly.
“Oh,” Jill said and looked down at her tea.  She got the feeling Mabel wasn’t telling them something.  But she didn’t want to keep prying with someone she just met.  If it was important, she’d find out some other time.
Mabel had a distant look in her eye as the Mulberry’s finished their drinks.  Frank gave Jill a look and then said, “Well we just stopped by for a quick visit.  Maybe we should we get back home.”
“Yes, you probably have lots of rooms to explore,” Mabel replied, intending a hidden meaning.
“Yeah.  I haven’t even looked in all the bedrooms yet,” Jill said as she got up.
Mabel got up as well and led them back through the house.
“Maybe we’ll have you over for dinner once we get settled,” Jill suggested amicably as they neared the door.
“You don’t have to do that, dear,” Mabel said.
“Well we want to.  We don’t know anyone in the area except for Frank’s friend from college.  I want to make a life here,” Jill said.
They had reached the door and the Mulberrys stepped outside.
“Well I’ll think about it.  Thanks for the offer.  And good luck,” Mabel said as she closed the door.  “You’ll need it,” she added after the door was closed.
“Well she’s an interesting woman,” Frank commented as they walked back to their house.
“She’s had a tough life, it sounds like.  What do you think she meant by her low property values?” Jill asked.
“I don’t even want to try to guess.”
“Why don’t we see if the other neighbor is home?” Jill suggested.
Frank didn’t feel like it but he didn’t say anything to Jill.  Jill rang the doorbell and waited.  No one answered and they couldn’t hear any movement from inside.  She tried again.
“No one’s home.  Let’s go,” Frank retorted.
“I just want to make sure,” Jill said.
Frank began walking away without her.  Jill looked back at him and then back at the door.  She lingered a moment and when she realized no one was home, ran to catch up to her husband.
Jill spent the rest of the afternoon reading and Frank listened to two of the five CDs he had brought in his luggage.  Jill was engrossed in her book when Frank came into the room.
“I think we should leave for the restaurant about now if that’s okay,” he said.
“Oh, alright,” Jill sighed, putting her bookmark in place.
She followed Frank through the house.  Frank had the directions to the restaurant written down and he had no trouble finding it.  As they were closing the car doors, a man walked out the door of the restaurant.
“Hey, Frank!” he yelled jovially.
“Larry?” Frank checked.
“You bet.  How’s it been, buddy?  Glad you made it up here safely,” he said patting him on the back.
Jill walked around the side of the car and stood near the two of them.
“Is this the missus?” Larry asked, pointing at Jill.
“That’s her,” Frank said, grinning.
“I’m Jill,” Jill held out her hand.
Larry shook it and said, “Well come on inside.  Jill, you can talk to my fiancée Becky.”
“You didn’t tell me you’re engaged,” Frank said.
“Didn’t have time, my man,” Larry said, holding the door open for Jill.
Jill went through.  A pretty redhead with heavy make-up was sitting by herself.  She got out of her seat when she saw Jill and Frank.
“Becky darling, this is the infamous Frank Mulberry,” Larry said.
“Infamous?” Jill questioned.
“We had some fun times in college.  I guess he hasn’t told you much,” Larry said.
“No, but maybe he should,” Jill said.
“You look just like your picture,” Becky said and gave Frank a quick hug.
Frank smiled sheepishly.
“You two ladies order anything you want.  Jill, it’s free tonight so don’t worry.  I have to go into the office with Frank for awhile so I’ll leave you two to your girl talk.  Later,” Larry said and led Frank by the arm towards the back of the restaurant.
“Isn’t Larry sweet?” Becky said to Jill.
“I wouldn’t know.  I just met him,” Jill said.
“I already ordered some garlic bread.  I barely ate all day so I’m starving.  You can have some if you want,” Becky said walking back to her seat.
Jill followed.
“Maybe one piece,” Jill said as she sat.
“Have two,” Becky suggested.
“I shouldn’t.  I need to lose ten pounds.”
“Don’t we all?  Frank isn’t forbidding you to eat what you want, is he?” Becky asked.
“Oh no.  He doesn’t control me like that,” Jill said defensively.
“Good.  The thing I like best about Larry is I can eat like a pig in front of him and he still wants to see me.  He says he prefers women with a little meat on their bones.  He can’t stand that waif look.  And me, I’m fifteen pounds overweight and couldn’t care less,” Becky said, biting into a piece of garlic bread.
“Well it doesn’t show.  I wouldn’t know if you didn’t tell me,” Jill said.
“Thanks.”
Jill was about to say something but then took a piece of garlic bread instead.
“So how did you meet your Prince Charming?” Becky asked.
“Well my father is a Broadway producer and…” Jill started.
“NO WAY!  You must be loaded!” Becky said.
“Well it’s dad’s money, not mine,” Jill said.
“Still.  I mean my father was a truck driver so to have a parent with such a prestigious career.  Must be great.  Do you know any celebrities?” Becky asked with excitement.
“Not really.  I met a couple at parties but I’m not friends with any.  My dream is to be a bestselling novelist myself, though,” Jill said.
“You can write?” Becky asked.
“Yeah.  I’m okay,” Jill replied.
“I wish I could say the same.  Try to get two pages out of me, it’s like pulling teeth.  Total torture.  Have you finished your first novel yet?” 
“No.  I have about fifty pages of something I started a couple years ago and never finished.  I might try something new once my computer arrives,” Jill said.
“What’s wrong with the one you started?” 
“I don’t know.  I just don’t know if I can keep it going for another hundred pages or more,” Jill said.
“Well fifty is more than I could do anyway.  So where were we?  Oh yeah, how you and Frank met!”
“Well I’ve seen almost all of my father’s plays.  And to one of them, Frank had won special tickets to the VIP section and to a gathering afterwards.  I was naturally there since it was the premiere.  We started talking, I thought he was really cute, so we made a date.  And things just continued from there.”
“How long did you know each other before he asked you to marry him?” Becky asked.  
“He asked me on the one year anniversary of our first date.  That was about a year and a half ago.  We’ll have been married for one year in five weeks.”
“Well I’ve known my Larry since he moved here six years ago.  Finally a few months ago I told him, either he was going to put a ring on my finger or I was going to look elsewhere.  Thirty’s not so far away, you know.”
“Don’t remind me,” Jill said.
“Are you two the same age?” 
“He’s one year older,” Jill replied.
“That’s great.  Do you know that my birthday and Larry’s are less than a month apart?  A couple times we celebrated on the same day,” Becky said.
“Well my father is eight years older than my mother.  He got her right out of high school.  I’m glad I didn’t get married till I was over twenty-five.  My mother always told me how she wished she could have had fun in her early twenties.”
“Were you already born by then?” Becky asked.
“My brother was,” Jill answered.
“At least your parents stayed married.  Mine got divorced right as I entered junior high.  But anyway, here we are talking away instead of ordering dinner.  Are you hungry?”
“Kind of,” Jill replied.
Becky waved to one of the waitresses who hurried right over.
“Do you need menus?” the waitress inquired.
“I know I want a bacon Swiss cheeseburger with onion straws instead of fries,” Becky said.
“Do you have anything like a grilled chicken sandwich?” Jill asked.
“Spicy or regular?” the waitress asked.
“How spicy?” Jill asked.
“Burn your mouth off,” Becky said and then laughed.  “Just kidding.  It’s no hotter than chili or salsa.”
“I guess I will try the spicy one,” Jill said.
“Fries?” the waitress asked.
“Yes.  And a diet Coke.”
“Sure.  You’re okay with your drink, Becky?”
“For now,” Becky sighed.

Larry had been showing Frank around his new office.  He quickly went over some of the computer programs and a few of the forms he would need to fill out.
“This is going to be a lot to digest at first.  What’s say we join the girls for dinner and come back later?” Larry suggested.
“Sure.  Do you think you can drive me home if Jill doesn’t want to stay?” Frank asked as they walked towards the door.
“Not a problem, bud,” Larry said.
Becky and Jill were partway through their burger and chicken sandwich as the men joined them.
“So have you two lovely ladies been gossiping about us?” Larry asked.
“Yes.  Jill told me how she met Frank,” Becky said.
“It was at that play I won tickets to, wasn’t it?” Frank asked, fondly remembering the occasion.
“Yep,” Jill said.
“Was that one of the ones your father produced?” Frank asked.
Jill nodded.
“You mean you don’t know?” Becky asked.
“Well there were so many people walking around.  I don’t think I met Jill’s father that night,” Frank said.
“You didn’t.  I brought you over to have dinner with my parents a couple months later,” Jill said.
“I remember now,” Frank said.
Larry waved to the waitress.
“Hey Jeanine.  Can you get me the same thing Becky’s having?  And get Frank here whatever he wants,” Larry said.
“I haven’t seen a menu.  What do you have?” Frank asked.
Jeanine was about to answer but Larry interrupted.  “You know what you might like.  The meatball sub.  It’s as good as the ones we used to get near school.”
“Sounds good.  I’ll take it,” Frank said.
“Do you want cheese on it?” Jeanine asked politely.
“Yes, please,” Frank said.
“And two cokes!” Larry added.
Jeanine smiled and walked away.
“She’s been working for me almost since the day I opened.  Her little boy is going to be seven in a month,” Larry informed Frank and Jill.
“She doesn’t look old enough to have a seven year old,” Jill commented.
“Well she got pregnant in high school.  She had her baby the week after graduation, I think,” Larry said.
“Is she single?” Jill asked.
“Yes, the father wants nothing to do with her or her son,” Larry said firmly.
“Our men would never do anything like that, would they Jill?” Becky said making eye contact with Frank and then Larry.
“He better not,” Jill said.
“Don’t worry.  We’re not ready to go there quite yet,” Frank said.
“I don’t want kids till I’m thirty.  But that’s only two years away, so I hope I’ll be ready,” Becky said.
“It’ll happen when it happens.  We use protection right now, but we might stop shortly after we get married,” Larry said.
“Are you two still using protection?” Becky asked.
“I’m on the pill,” Jill said.
“So what do you do for a living, Becky?” Frank asked, trying to change the topic off birth control.
“I’m a beautician.  Jill you should come by sometime.  I can make you up real pretty,” Becky said.
“She is pretty,” Frank said and hugged Jill affectionately.
“But I could make her look like a movie star!” Becky said.
“And how many movie star clients have you had, dear?” Larry asked.
“None yet, but you never know,” Becky said.
“Don’t worry, Jill.  She’s very good at what she does,” Larry said.
“My boss says Mindy might leave in a couple years and then I could be head beautician!”  Becky exclaimed.
“Along with the dollar an hour raise that comes with,” Larry said.
“Oh shush.  Just because you own this restaurant doesn’t mean you know everything.  It’s not about the money.  It’s the title.  I could teach the new girls, and customers would come to me first,” Becky said.
“Oh boy, I think I touched a nerve.  I’m sorry, hon.  I would be very happy for you if that happened,” Larry said.
“Thanks,” Becky smiled and leaned back into Larry.
“Are you going to look for a job here, Jill?” Larry asked.
“Maybe something light.  I want to try to finally get a novel finished now that it’ll be more peaceful,” Jill said.
“I hope a million people buy it when you do,” Larry said.
“She has to finish it first.  Though I’m sure with her family, getting a publisher will be a piece of cake,” Frank said.
“Possibly, but not necessarily,” Jill said.
Frank and Larry’s food arrived at that time.
“Great.  I’m starved,” Larry said and began eating immediately.
“Have any ideas?” Becky asked Jill.
Jill spent the rest of the meal talking about some book ideas she had.  She summarized what she had so far of the novel she stopped working on.  Then they talked about books and movies they liked.  Frank and Larry didn’t have much chance to speak.  Finally, Larry interrupted.
“Well I better get back to showing Frank the ropes,” he said.
“Do you want the car keys, Jill?  Larry doesn’t mind driving me home,” Frank said.
“Sure,” Jill said.
Frank took the keys out of his pocket and put them on the table.  He leaned over and kissed Jill on the cheek.  Then he walked back to the office with Larry.
“You don’t have to stay on my account.  I brought my own car,” Becky said.
“Okay.  Well it was nice to meet you,” Jill said getting up.
“Yeah, anytime you want to hang out, call.  I’ll tell Larry to give Frank my number.  I can show you the best stores in town,” Becky said.
“Sure,” Jill said and excused herself.
She walked out to the parking lot and drove home.  She almost got lost and had to struggle to remember the turns Frank made in reverse order.  She eventually arrived home and went inside.
When she went into the kitchen, she saw something that bothered her.  The carton of milk she had just bought was on the counter.  She assumed Frank must have left it there.  No one else had been in the house.
“Doesn’t he know better?  It’s probably ruined,” Jill said aloud and opened the carton to check it.
It had definitely gone bad.  Jill sighed and poured what was left down the sink.  She would have to remind herself to talk to Frank about being careless when he got back.  Then she decided to check out the game room again.  She might try a game of pool by herself.  When she entered the room, something struck her as odd.  The chess pieces had been moved.  When she first saw them, they were all in their starting positions.  Now they were spread across the board and some were on the side.  She wasn’t an expert, but it looked like the pieces had been moved according to the rules.  Like someone had been playing a game.  She would have to check with Frank about that, too.  She could have sworn he didn’t know how to play chess.
Jill then walked over to the billiard table and set the balls up.  She played by herself through two games.  It took her awhile and she was frustrated at how bad she was so she decided to stop.
She then got the book she was working on and settled into the most comfortable couch in the living room.  It was very deep and soft.  She took off her shoes so she could put her feet up.  Frank came home a couple of hours later.
“You really like to read, don’t you?” he said.
“Yes.  So do you think your job will be okay?” Jill asked.
“Yeah.  It looks like a lot of paperwork, though,” Frank told her.
“Well I’m sure you can handle it.  Do you get to hire and fire people?” 
“I think Larry still wants to take care of that.  But I’m in charge of the paychecks,” Frank said sitting down in a recliner.
“That’s good.  So I wanted to mention something I saw when I came home,” Jill said.
“What?” 
“You left the milk I just bought out on the counter and I had to dump it,” Jill said.
“No I didn’t,” Frank said.
“Um, I know I didn’t so it had to have been you.  Did you have milk today?” 
“Yeah, one cup.  But I’m sure I put it back in the refrigerator.  I could swear to it,” Frank said.
“Well you forgot.  Can you please just try to be more careful?” Jill said.
“Oh Jill, it’s only a couple dollars.  Little things like this happen sometimes.  I guess I thought I did when I didn’t.  I’m sorry.  I can pick up another carton tomorrow,” Frank said.
“Well, OK,” Jill said and looked back at her book.
“You look like you’re almost done,” Frank commented.
“Maybe half an hour to forty five minutes left.”
“Is that the one you were reading in the car?” Frank asked.
“No.  I finished that,” Jill said.
“Well I might go to bed soon,” Frank said, getting up.
“Do you have to work all day tomorrow?” Jill asked.
“Pretty much.  You won’t be too bored home all day, will you?”
“I’ll find something to do,” Jill replied.
Frank walked upstairs and called, “I’ll be in the shower!”
Jill heard the water running for about twenty minutes.  Since she didn’t have much left to read in her book, she finished it in the living room.  Then she put it on the table next to the couch, walked through the house, made sure everything was locked and the lights were turned off, and walked upstairs.
Frank was in bed with the lights off when she entered their bedroom.  She changed into her nightgown and got in next to him.
“Long shower tonight, huh?” she whispered.
“What do you mean?” he groaned sleepily.
“You’re usually in there for only five minutes.  This time it was at least twenty,” Jill said.
“Nope, I took one just like I usually do.  Seven minutes was the maximum I could have been in there,” Frank said.
“Well if you checked the clock you would have seen it was twenty,” Jill said.
Frank opened his eyes and propped himself up on his elbows.
“Jill, is this a problem?  Are you worried about wasting water?” he asked.
“No.  If you want to take a long shower, that’s fine.  I was just commenting that you were in there longer than usual,” Jill said.
“It couldn’t have been that long.  Maybe you were engrossed in your book and it just seemed like twenty minutes,” Frank said.
“Look, this is a stupid thing to fight over.  It doesn’t matter.  Let’s just have a good night’s rest, okay?” 
Frank’s expression softened.  He kissed her quickly and then rolled over on his stomach.  Jill fell asleep within ten minutes.
About three a.m., Jill woke to hear the same classical music playing that she heard the night before.  She got a little scared again and tried to wake Frank.  He just groaned.  After a moment of thought, she decided to go downstairs and see if she could tell where it was coming from.  She gently pulled off her side of the covers and got out of bed.  She tiptoed across the room and opened the door.  The house was very dark and she could barely see, but she knew the staircase should be straight ahead after turning to the left.
She felt the banister against her thin nightgown.  She could still hear the music.  She was about to go downstairs when she looked to the left and saw something that frightened her.  Down the hall, in one of the extra bedrooms, there was light.  The door was closed but she could see light coming from under the door.  She thought about getting Frank, but then thought maybe a light had been left on when they got to the house.  She might not have noticed in the daylight.  Jill went slowly down the hall and her heart began to beat faster.  She touched the doorknob and it felt warm.  She turned the handle, pushed open the door, and froze.
The room was full of at least fifty candles.  Some were on long old fashioned candlesticks, some were short.  The lights flickered and danced against the wall and ceiling.  But what she saw on the bed frightened her most of all.  A man and a woman were having sex.  The covers were on but she could tell the woman was wearing a red teddy and the man had an unbuttoned shirt on.  They didn’t look at her but kept on moving.
“Who the fuck are you two?  FRANK!” Jill screamed at the top of her lungs.
The woman turned to stare at Jill and Jill felt a lump in her throat.  The woman’s eyes were glowing red.  She looked like a demon.  The man kept his rhythmic motion, oblivious to Jill.  The woman hissed like a cat and then the mirror on the nightstand shattered violently.  The glass flew across the room like it had been blown by a large fan.  Jill felt herself fall backwards a little.
Jill was about to run for her life but the next thing she knew she was sitting up in bed.  Frank was still asleep next to her.
“Oh my god.  What a dream,” she whispered and held her hand to her forehead.  She was sweating.
She nervously lay back down.  She didn’t dare get up and walk around in the dark now.  She thought about checking the room from her dream, but definitely not in the middle of the night.  She would look around better in the morning.  She wondered what caused her to have such a nightmare.  Her dreams were usually pleasant.  She hadn’t seen a scary movie lately, so she wasn’t sure what caused it.  She told herself it might have been something she ate or a manifestation of her bickering with her husband.
Anyhow, Jill stayed awake for hours.  She was uncomfortable but too unsettled to get out of bed.  Finally just as it started getting light outside, she fell into a dreamless sleep.




Chapter Three




Jill woke up to find Frank gone.  She checked the clock and saw it was ten in the morning.  Even though she hadn’t slept well, she didn’t feel the least bit tired.  She got up and walked downstairs.  On the refrigerator, Jill noticed a note.  She took it in her hand and read it.
It read “Jill.  Sorry about yesterday.  Went out early and got you milk.  See you tonight.  Love you.  Frank.”
Jill felt better when she read it.  She opened the refrigerator and saw a half gallon of milk, one percent just like she liked.
“He can be sweet sometimes,” Jill said to herself and then looked in the cabinets for something to eat for breakfast.  She decided on cereal.  She didn’t have a proper bowl to have with milk so she had it dry on a plate.  She wished she had her own car so she could do more shopping.  She realized how much more she needed just for the kitchen.  And the bathroom needed a lot of items as well.  She liked to keep the medicine cabinet stocked in case of emergencies and there was currently nothing in there.  If she felt like it she would go later that night, if not, then Saturday.
After she finished eating, she quickly poured and drank a cup of milk.  Then she put her plate down and went back upstairs.  She took a shower and it relaxed her.  She considered a bath but she only liked them at night.  It didn’t seem right to take one in the morning.  She didn’t want to put her clothes on till her hair was dry so she got into her bathrobe.  She sat on the edge of the bed and thought about her nightmare of a few hours before.  While she was experiencing it, it had seemed so real.  But she told herself there were no such thing as red eyed women who could shatter mirrors with a hiss.  Nevertheless, she got up and walked to the hall.
She felt much safer in the daylight as she approached the room she went into in the dream.  The dream was accurate about the house down to the length of the hall.  Soon she would see if the inside of the bedroom was accurate too.  She opened the door and was relieved to see that the room wasn’t covered in candles.  There was only one little one on the dresser.  However, there was a mirror that looked just like the one she had seen last night.  She approached it and touched the glass.  There was no indication it had ever been broken.  She looked at her reflection.  Behind her, the bed was neatly made.  There was nothing on the floor.
Impulsively, she opened the first dresser drawer.  It was empty except for an old photo album.  She wondered who had left it and if there were any pictures inside.  She wasn’t sure if she should snoop and open it.  Jill held it in her hands and ran her fingers over the raised design on the cover.  She almost jumped out of her skin when she heard the doorbell ring.  
Realizing it was only the doorbell and not something sinister, she quickly put the album on top of the dresser and closed the drawer.  She hurried out of the room.  The doorbell rang again as she was walking down the stairs.
“I’m coming!” she called.
She reached the entryway and yelled, “Who is it?”
“Mabel from next door, dear!” Mabel called calmly.
Jill was relieved to have some company even though she wasn’t dressed and opened the door.  Mabel looked surprised to see her in her bathrobe.
“I’m sorry.  Is this a bad time?” she asked politely.
“No.  I just got out of the shower.  You can come in,” Jill said and backed up.
She noticed Mabel had two packages in her hand.  One looked like a cake box.
“Is Frank gone for work?” Mabel asked as Jill closed the door behind her.
“Yeah.  I slept a little late today,” Jill said.  She wasn’t going to mention her dream.
“Well I brought you a cheesecake as a housewarming present,” Mabel said.
“Oh that’s so thoughtful.  And it sounds delicious.  Do you want to go in the kitchen?” Jill asked.
“Sure.  Do you need to get dressed?” Mabel asked.
“Yeah, if you give me a couple minutes.  You can sit at the table.  It’s back…” Jill started to give directions.
“I know, dear.  I was over here with the previous owners,” Mabel said and carried her two boxes off to the left.
Jill hurried upstairs and quickly threw on jeans and a blouse.  She combed her hair quickly and then walked to the kitchen.  Mabel was seated with the box open on the table before her.
“It’s half strawberry, half blueberry,” Mabel told her.
“Did you make it yourself?” Jill asked.
“Oh no.  It’d turn out awful if I did.  I got it at this wonderful bakery down the street,” Mabel answered.
“Well I’m sorry I don’t have coffee yet.  Or good plates.  It might be a couple weeks before we’re all settled.”
“Would you like me to drive you to the store?” Mabel offered.
Jill got two plates, the spatula, and the two forks.
“That’s really nice, but you don’t have to,” Jill said setting everything down.
“Oh it’s nothing.  I don’t have much to do all day.  I’m retired and I get bored now and then.”
“Well maybe after we eat.  I have juice, milk, or soda.  Or beer but I don’t think you want that,” Jill said.
“Goodness no.  Milk is the only thing that goes with cake so how about that,” Mabel said.
Jill was thankful Frank had bothered to replace the milk that morning.  Jill poured two cups and then sat.
She served herself a small slice of strawberry and a small slice of blueberry.  Mabel took a larger piece of blueberry only.
“How do you like it?” Mabel asked after Jill took a few bites.
“Excellent.”
“I knew you’d like it.  Save a piece for your husband.”
“Please.  I’m not that hungry,” Jill joked.
“So everything going well so far?” Mabel asked.
“Sure,” Jill lied.  The dream had really disturbed her.  Jill then thought of something to ask.  “Do you know the neighbors on the other side of us?  We went over yesterday but they weren’t home.”
“Oh they’re always in and out.  Not very friendly but they don’t make any trouble.”
“Are they young…” Jill pressed for more information.
“Too young.  I don’t even know if the girl’s eighteen.  But she has to be because she finished high school at least two years ago when they moved here.”
“They’re married?” Jill asked.
“No.  Just living together,” Mabel replied.
“What do they do for a living?” Jill asked.
“Lord only knows.  They’re very elusive whenever I ask about it,” Mabel said.
Jill shrugged her shoulders.  “Maybe they’re just shy.”
“That’s not what I’d call it,” Mabel said with a frown.
They finished their cheesecake in silence.
“So do you still want to leave for the store?” Mabel asked.
“Yeah, that’d be great,” Jill said.
“Oh, but before I forget.  I got you another little present,” Mabel said and reached under the table where she had put a small box.
Jill watched intently as Mabel opened and pulled out some sort of craft.  It was a large ring with a blue and red feather attached.  There was also a short row of beads and a purple jewel.  The jewel probably wasn’t expensive but it looked pretty and was perfectly shaped.
“What is that?” Jill asked.
“It’s supposed to be a good luck charm.  I got it at an Indian reservation a couple hours away.  It’s supposed to protect the house from any spirits.  You know, give the house a positive aura.  Not that I believe in all that hooey but I thought it was interesting.”
Jill didn’t know what to say but she took it from Mabel and looked at it better.
“Well it’s very interesting.  Do you know what kind of jewel this is?” 
“Probably not a valuable one since I paid less than twenty dollars for it, but it’s pretty, isn’t it?” Mabel said.
“Sure is,” Jill said and put it on the table.  She then closed the cheesecake box and walked to the refrigerator to put it away.
Mabel had gotten up.  Jill followed her back to the front of the house.  Jill didn’t have another key yet and almost reconsidered.
“Do you think it’s okay to leave the door unlocked?” she asked.
“Sure.  No one would go in there anyway,” Mabel said and walked across the grass to her car.  Jill nodded and followed.
Mabel took Jill to a couple of stores.  She found some decent glasses and plates, another silverware set as well as toiletries and over the counter medicine for the bathroom.  She spent about seventy dollars, which was a little more than she planned, but it was stuff they needed.
By the time she arrived back home, it was after two.  Jill set to work unpacking.  Just as she finished in the bathroom, the doorbell rang again.  Thinking it was Mabel again, she ran downstairs.  She opened it without asking to see who it was.
She was surprised to see a UPS carrier there standing near two large boxes.
“Are you Jill Mulberry?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Sign here, please,” the man said and handed her the electronic signature machine.  “There’s more in the truck,” he said as Jill signed her name.
“I wasn’t expecting this today,” Jill said as the man went to get the rest of the boxes.
She was surprised her parents sent it next day mail.  She wondered how much extra that cost them.  Even though there was no furniture to ship, Jill knew some of the boxes would be very heavy.
“You just move in here?” the man asked as he brought three more boxes on a dolly.
“Yeah, two days ago,” Jill replied.
“Well good luck,” the man said helping Jill set the boxes down in the entryway.
“Thanks,” Jill replied moving out of his way.
The man finished, nodded, and then left.  Jill opened one of the books.  Her books and her and her husband’s CDs were inside.  She left them in the box for the time being.  In one of the others, she found her clothes and extra shoes.  Another one had Frank’s clothes.  The fourth had their small stereo and some table decorations and knick-knacks they had collected over the years.  The last had her laptop computer and her CD-ROMs.  There weren’t any hangers to hang clothes in their walk-in closet, but Jill grabbed some clothes she could put in drawers.  After several trips up and down the stairs, she was getting out of breath.  Since she was almost done with her things, she took her computer out.  She didn’t know where she would keep it but she saw an outlet by the kitchen table so she brought it in there.
She plugged it in and turned it on.  Her familiar welcome screen came on promptly.  She went online to check her e-mail.  There was some spam, and something from her parents.  She opened that one first.  The message wished Jill and Frank well in their new home and said that all the boxes should have been shipped now.  There were a few lines about how Jill’s aunt was doing.  Jill logged off.  She would have to call her parents to thank them for the extra expense of getting their belongings shipped so fast.  Since they might not have been home at the time, Jill put in one of her CD-ROMs instead.  It contained several card games and some arcade games from the eighties like Pac-man.  Frank was into modern games with 3-D graphics but Jill was just as impressed with the old stuff.  She lost track of the time while she was on the computer.  All of a sudden, she heard some commotion at the door.  She ran to see what it was.
Frank was trying to get in carrying a huge box.  The outside writing indicated that it was a television.
“You got a television without me?” Jill exclaimed.
“Thought I’d surprise you.  It’s a twenty-five inch.  I got it on sale,” Frank called.
“Do you need a hand with that?” Jill offered.
“Just make sure I don’t trip over something.  Other than that, I got it,” Frank grunted.
“Watch your step,” Jill said as Frank went towards the one step down into their living room.
“How about I put it on that table by the window?” Frank suggested.
“Wait.  There’s something on it,” Jill said and went to get a vase off of the table.
“Well I have to take it out of the box first,” Frank said.
“Well duh,” Jill said as she put the vase on a smaller table.
Frank was struggling to open the box, so Jill said, “Do you need a knife?”
“Yeah, I might,” Frank said.
Jill ran to the kitchen and came back with a steak knife.  She helped Frank cut the tape.  They both picked up the TV and brought it onto the table.
“This place has cable, doesn’t it?” Frank asked.
“I hope so,” Jill said.
“I hope so too,” Frank said and plugged it in.  “I hope we at least get the basic channels till I can get cable started.”
Frank turned on the TV and stepped back.  It was just static.
“Shit!” Frank said.
“It’s on channel one,” Jill told him.
Frank pushed the channel button and the evening news came on channel 2.
“Excellent.  I’m glad I got this tonight.  I can’t entertain myself with books all day like you.  By the way, you read another while I was at work?”
“I didn’t have much time.  The neighbor Mabel came by and she took me to the store to get more kitchen stuff.  And the bathroom should be stocked now, too,” Jill said.
“That’s excellent, honey!” Frank said and then noticed the boxes in the front hall.  “Don’t tell me our stuff is here already!”
“Yep.  They overnighted it,” Jill said.
“Wow.  That can get expensive.  Thank them for me,” Frank said.
“I will,” Jill said.
“So Larry gave me the flyers of a few restaurants around here that deliver.  How about we order pizza?” Frank said eagerly.
“You don’t want me to cook?” Jill asked.
“How about pizza?” Frank repeated.
“I got more stuff,” Jill said, trying to tempt him.
“Later.  Pizza tonight,” Frank said in a childish voice.
Jill laughed.  “If it’s okay with your mommy, it’s okay with me.”
“I’m twenty-eight.  Of course it’s okay with my mommy,” Frank said.
Jill nodded.
“They’re in the car.  I’ll go get them.  I picked up a Chinese menu too,” Frank said, hurrying out of the room.
“Great,” Jill said.
Frank soon returned and ran to the phone.
“What toppings do you want?” he asked.
“Green peppers,” Jill said.
Frank got half pepperoni and sausage for himself and half green peppers for Jill.
“About thirty to forty minutes,” Frank said when he hung up.
“Okay,” Jill said.
Frank flipped through the few channels available.  Jill was going to tell him to put the box in the basement but figured he would on his own in awhile.
Jill sat on the arm of the chair Frank was in.
“My computer came too,” she told him.
“Great.  Are you gonna start your novel tonight?” Frank asked.
“If I feel like it,” Jill said.
She then got up and went into the kitchen.  She played her card games until the pizza came.
Frank brought the box into the kitchen.
“It’s funny.  The delivery guy seemed very nervous,” Frank said as he put the box on the island counter.
“Maybe he’s new,” Jill said casually.
“I don’t know.  He looked our age.  He just seemed like he was in a rush to get away from our house,” Frank said.
“Now you’re gonna be paranoid too after harping on me for hearing music?” Jill said.
“You’re right,” Frank said, noticing the new plates Jill bought.
He picked two up and handed one to Jill.  Jill got a slice for herself and put it on the table.  Then she poured some soda and took out one of the new knives and forks. 
While they were eating, Jill remembered something she forgot to mention the night before.
“Do you play chess?” Jill asked.
“Not really.  Why?  You want to buy a chess set?” Frank asked.
“We have one, remember?  In the back room,” Jill said.
“Oh yeah,” Frank said.
“So did you move the pieces around or try to play by yourself?” Jill asked.
“No.  I haven’t been in that room since we first got here.  Why?” Frank said.
“Frank.  I saw the pieces were moved.  You can tell me if you touched it.  I won’t think you’re a dork,” Jill said.
“Jill, I didn’t go near that set.  I swear,” Frank said.
“Like you didn’t leave the milk out?” Jill said.
“Why don’t you show me what you mean?” Frank said, pushing his chair back.
Jill led him back through the house and over to the game room.
“When we got here, all the pieces were in their starting position.  Yesterday, it looked like someone had been playing chess,” Jill said.
“Well it wasn’t me,” Frank said.
“Then how come…” Jill said and stopped when she entered the room and saw the chess set.  
All the pieces had been returned to where they were when she first saw them.  Jill walked over bewildered.
“Wait a minute.  I know what I saw,” Jill said.
“Just messing with my mind.  That’s okay,” Frank said semi-jokingly.
“But.  Frank, the pieces were moved yesterday.  I know what I saw,” Jill said firmly.
“So what does that mean?  Someone was in here just to play with our chess set?” Frank asked.
“I hope not.  You have the only key, right?” Jill said, walking away from the set.
“The only other copy is at the real estate office,” Frank said, walking back to the kitchen. “Jill, don’t worry.  Sometimes when you’re stressed out and worried, your mind can play tricks on you,” Frank said.
“What would I be stressed out about?” Jill asked.
“Well we just moved hundreds of miles to a new place.  You’re away from your family for the first time.  You don’t have any friends here yet,” Frank said.
They had reached the front hall.
“Maybe,” Jill said and leaned against him.
“Sure,” Frank said.  “Now I’d like to have more pizza.  It’s really good.”
They finished their meal quietly.  Then Jill called her parents and thanked them for shipping their things.  Jill told them they shouldn’t have bothered with overnight mail but her father insisted it was nothing.  Frank put the TV box in the basement.
After dinner, while they were sitting in the living room watching TV, Jill got an idea.
“You know while I was talking to Mabel, she mentioned the neighbors on the other side aren’t that friendly.”
“You think they were playing with our chess set?” Frank asked.
“Possibly,” Jill said.
“Well do you want to go over there?” Frank asked.
“Yes, but just to introduce ourselves.  I don’t want to mention something like that the first minute I meet someone.  And don’t you say anything either,” Jill said.
“You’re the one who thinks the pieces were moved, not me,” Frank said getting out of his chair.
Frank and Jill left their house and walked next door.  There were lots of cars in their neighbor’s driveway and they could hear music.
“I wonder if they’re having a party,” Jill said and knocked on the door.
A pretty brunette answered it.
“Yes,” she demanded.
“Do you live here?” Jill asked.
“No,” the brunette said slowly.
“We’re the new neighbors.  Can you get the owners?” Jill asked.
“Sure,” the girl said after a moment.
She walked back into the house.  A young couple smoking walked past the door.  They eyed Frank and Jill suspiciously.  Eventually, a young man with long hair came to the door.
“Hi.  We just moved in next door.  I’m Jill and this is my husband Frank,” Jill said, trying to sound polite.
“Oh, I’m Adam.  Sorry, but you guys caught me at a bad time.  I’m kinda hosting a party, so you know, can you come back tomorrow?” the guy said.
“I guess.  I just thought we’d introduce ourselves,” Jill said.
“Yeah,” Adam said and started to close the door.  A blonde came over to him and said, “Who’s that at the door?” 
The door was then closed and the Mulberry’s couldn’t hear anymore.  They were only about five years older but it felt like thirty.
“Guess we’re not invited to his parties,” Frank muttered as they walked back home.
“He doesn’t know us, Frank,” Jill said.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Frank said.
The rest of the night was fairly quiet.  Jill tried to write and managed about a page and a half.  Her mind was too distracted to write more, however.  When she tried to go to bed, she couldn’t stop tossing and turning.  Frank noticed she wasn’t sleeping.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes.  No.  I don’t know.  I can’t sleep,” Jill said.
“Need to talk?” Frank asked.
“Maybe.  I just had a nightmare last night and I guess I’m afraid I’ll have another bad dream if I fall asleep,” Jill stated.
“A nightmare?  What about?” Frank asked, sounding interested.
“It was stupid.  I don’t know if I should tell you,” Jill said.
“Tell me,” Frank said.
Jill stayed silent.  She didn’t want to upset Frank.
“Want to go downstairs and watch TV?  It might help clear your mind,” Frank said comfortingly.
“Okay,” Jill said and got out of bed.
They went downstairs and Frank put on the late movie.  Frank sat in the recliner and motioned for Jill to sit on his lap.
“On your lap?” Jill asked.
“We’re married,” Frank said.
Jill agreed and sat on his lap with her back to him.  She slid down and he put his arm around her.  She tried to watch the movie, but the dream kept bugging her.  Finally, she decided to tell him.
Suddenly, she said, “Well if you must know I dreamt I heard the classical music again.”
“That’s all?” Frank asked.
“Of course not.  I got up to check it out and I saw a light in one of our bedrooms.  I opened the door and there were candles everywhere.  And a man and a woman were having sex on the bed,” Jill said.
Frank grinned.  “Were they naked?”
Jill groaned.  “Well I didn’t see anything if that’s what you mean.  But it really scared me,” Jill said, not sure if she should mention the woman’s red eyes or the mirror breaking.
“So what did you do?” Frank asked, rubbing her shoulder.
“I asked who the fuck they were and called for you,” Jill told him.
“No way.  You said the f word to them?  You?” Frank teased.
“Well I saw two strangers having sex in my house.  What would I have said?  ‘Would you like some coffee when you’re done?’” Jill said.
Frank laughed.  “Jill, it’s nothing.  I’ve had sex dreams.  Maybe it’s your body’s way of saying we need to do it more.”
“Frank.  Don’t be crude.  You know I’m happy with about once a week,” Jill said.
“Well it doesn’t bother me either.  I’m just saying sometimes dreams try to tell you things,” Frank said.
“And what would seeing strangers doing it in our house be telling me?” Jill asked.
“Beats me,” Frank said.  “So did that help to talk about it?” 
“A little,” Jill said, even though she had been more upset by the woman’s eyes turning red.
“Do you want to sleep down here?” Frank asked.
“If I can,” Jill agreed.
Frank shut off the TV.  Jill rested on him and eventually fell asleep.  She had a couple dreams but no nightmares.



Chapter Four




Jill woke up about seven to hear light rain beating against the windows.  She mumbled and stretched her arms and legs without getting off the chair.  Frank woke up.
“Hey, good morning,” he said groggily.
“Looks like rain today,” she commented and got up off the chair.
“Did you have any bad dreams?” Frank inquired.
“No.  They were noneventful,” Jill said.
“I told you it wouldn’t be anything to worry about.  Dreams are just random neurological firings.  Sometimes they create upsetting stuff,” Frank said consolingly.
“Thank you, Mr. Scientist.  So do you want breakfast?  I haven’t cooked yet in our new house,” Jill offered.
“You have bacon and eggs?” Frank asked.
“Sausage, but no bacon,” Jill said.
“Good enough,” Frank said.
Jill went into the kitchen and started taking out the things she needed.
“I’ll be upstairs shaving for a few minutes,” Frank told her.
“Okay,” Jill said, putting the skillet on the burner.
Jill heard Frank walk upstairs and then set to work.  While the eggs were cooking, she heard the phone ring.
“Who would be calling at this hour?” Jill said.
She checked to make sure it was safe to leave the pan for a moment and picked up the phone on the third ring.  She heard a sound like glass bottles banging into each other but no one said hello.
“Hello?  Who is this?” she demanded.
Jill heard a click and then a dial tone.  She stood there for a moment feeling a little uneasy.  She hoped it was a bad connection and not a crank call.  Then she realized she had to get back to her cooking.  She hung up the phone and finished breakfast.  Just as she was setting out the plates on the table, Frank came back downstairs.
“I just got a weird call,” Jill told him.
“Really, I didn’t hear the phone ring,” Frank said, a little surprised.
“Well I don’t know how you didn’t.  Our phone’s not that quiet.  But anyway, it was just some noise and then the dial tone came back on.  I don’t know if it was some prank or what,” Jill said.
“Could be just a problem with the line,” Frank said.
“But then who would be calling so early?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know.  See if they call back.  Anyway, breakfast looks delicious,” Frank said, seating himself by the plate with more food on it.
“Thanks,” Jill said and sat herself.
While they were eating, Jill asked, “Do you have to work today?”
“No.  Larry said to take it easy until Monday.  I might not get every weekend off, but he thinks I’d be able to take at least half of them,” Frank said.
“That’s good.  You’re not gonna be coming home at midnight either are you?” Jill asked.
“No.  Larry has someone he trusts to make sure everything’s okay on the night shift.  Sometimes he goes in to help close,” Frank explained.
“What time does that restaurant close?” Jill asked.
“Eleven thirty, but you can’t order any food after eleven,” Frank said.
Jill nodded.  “So do you want to get a few more things for the house now that we have time?  There’s no toaster oven or microwave for one thing.”
“We need a DVD player, too.  Our parents sent the three DVDs we own, right?” Frank asked.
“Yeah, I didn’t unpack them all,” Jill said.
“Well we can get all three today.  Is there anything else?  Do we need to make a list?” Frank asked.
“I might like a coffee maker too.  Maybe a blender or food processor,” Jill said.
“You’re really gonna start cooking more, huh?  If you make everything else like you make breakfast, you could work for Larry as a chef,” Frank said.
“You’re very flattering this morning,” Jill said, leaning over to kiss him quickly.  “But no thanks.  Cooking for a job would take all the fun out of it.”
“Speaking of jobs, do you want to get one part time?” Frank asked.
“I’d need a car of my own to get there, wouldn’t I?” Jill said.
“Well we’ll worry about that soon, but not today,” Frank said.
They finished quietly and then Jill took the plates to the sink.  She was glad there was at least a dishwasher.  Frank watched for a minute and then went into the living room.  Jill walked in to find him watching a baseball game.
“When do you want leave for the store?” she asked.
“Let’s see if it stops raining,” Frank said quickly.
“I’ll be upstairs reading,” Jill said.
“What’s this one about?” Frank asked.
“I haven’t started it yet.  But the back cover says it’s a mystery set at a New England university.  There’s some students who…” Jill started.
“Okay.  Enjoy yourself,” Frank interrupted, clearly indicating he wasn’t interested in hearing the whole plot.
Jill smiled.  She knew Frank didn’t care much for reading like she did.  Someday she hoped to get him to at least read something.  She walked upstairs, got her book and took it into the sitting room across from the bedroom.  She hadn’t spent any time in that room yet.  She liked it except there were no windows.  Without the lights on, it was pitch black.
She read for a few hours and got hooked.  Frank found her while she was at a good part.
“Why don’t we leave now?  I think it stopped raining,” Frank said.
“Can I finish this chapter first?  It’s getting good,” Jill said.
“Don’t you have a bookmark?” Frank said, sounding a little irritated.
“I don’t want to just stop in the middle of a good scene,” Jill complained.
“Okay, Jill.  Fine.  But you’re the one who asked me,” Frank said, as he walked back out the door.  
Jill rolled her eyes and tried to refocus on the novel.  The chapter breaks were spaced longer than average in this book and it took Jill another twenty minutes.  Then she put in her bookmark, put the book on the coffee table, and went downstairs.  She didn’t see Frank in the living room, kitchen or den.
“Frank!  I’m ready!” she yelled.
“Back here!” he called from the game room.
He was aiming a dart at the dartboard.  Three were already up there.  One of them was in the bullseye.
“You read two chapters?” he asked as he threw the dart in his hand.
It landed close to the center.
“No, the chapters are just a little longer in this one,” Jill said, getting annoyed.  She felt like he was making fun of her reading hobby.
 “Okay,” Frank sighed and walked out of the room.
They went to the stores and spent a lot of time picking just the right brand and model of appliances they wanted.  It was a nice afternoon, but something happened that worried Jill.  They were talking to a very courteous salesman in the DVD department.  He noticed Jill had a bag with other boxes in it.
“Lots of shopping today?” he asked.
“We just bought a house in the area,” Frank told him.
“Really.  Well welcome.  It’s a great little town,” he said.
“Our house used to be the bed and breakfast on Chester.  Maybe you’ve heard of it,” Jill said.
The salesman’s demeanor suddenly changed.
“Oh.  Well.  Whatever you’re into,” he said quickly and immediately led them to a DVD player he strongly recommended.
Before Jill brought up where she lived, he was answering a lot of questions and pointing out different brands to explain all the features.  Now it seemed like he just wanted to get away from them.  His answers to their questions became very short and gruff.  Frank just blew it off and bought the DVD player he recommended.
As they were carrying it away from the register, Jill asked, “What was that about?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe he stayed there once and didn’t like the service,” Frank said.
“Our waitress at the diner the first night acted strange when we told her where we lived, too,” Jill said.
“So what does it all mean?” Frank asked.
“Maybe we should go back to the diner and ask,” Jill said.
“I don’t know if we should be bothering the waitresses,” Frank said.
“I worked as a waitress for a very short time and I kinda liked it when customers said stuff to me besides give me this and get me that,” Jill said.
“Well, maybe if you want to.  But I don’t feel like going there tonight.  I was hoping you’d make something good for dinner.  How about tomorrow?” 
“That’s fine,” Jill said.  “For tonight, how about Salisbury steak and potatoes?”
“You mean a hamburger and fries?” Frank said.
“No.  I meant what I said.  Ground beef without the bun.  I might add some seasoning.  And regular potato wedges,” Jill said.
“It’s fine with me,” Frank said, suppressing a laugh.
They drove home and plugged in their new appliances.  Frank tried one of their DVDs and it worked fine.
“Do you want to watch it?” he asked Jill.
“I just saw this movie two months ago.  Not so soon,” Jill responded.
“I hope they have a good rental place around here,” Frank said, taking the DVD out of the player.
“I’m sure they do,” Jill said.
They watched TV for a few hours.  Frank went upstairs for awhile while a game show he didn’t like came on.  Then Jill went to start dinner.  When it was ready, Frank came in the kitchen and said, “Smells good.”
“It should,” Jill said and served the meal.
“What spice did you put in the meat?” Frank asked.
“Some garlic powder and oregano.  They’re the only spices I bought besides salt and pepper,” Jill explained.
“Well it’s enough.  You don’t have to put too many in.”
Frank offered to clear the table and put away the dishes so Jill poured herself some juice and went upstairs.  She debated what to do.  She still hadn’t seen any of the other bedrooms.  She was thinking of asking Frank to maybe convert one to an exercise room.  Then she could get to work on losing the ten pounds she recently gained.  But then she remembered she wanted to know what happened next in her book, so she decided to go back to that.
Nothing seemed out of place when she turned on the light in the sitting room.  But when she opened her book, she almost screamed.
A handful of pages were missing and someone had scribbled randomly inside it with black marker making it illegible.  Jill growled and stormed out of the room.  She ran downstairs and over to Frank who had his feet up on the hassock.  She kicked the hassock and yelled, “You have some explaining to do, mister!”
Frank laughed in surprise and said, “What the hell’s this about?”
“You tell me,” Jill said and handed him the ruined book.
Frank flipped through it.
“What happened?  You don’t like it anymore?” he asked.
“Don’t play dumb.  I wouldn’t do that to my own book!” 
“Neither would I.  I could tell how into the story you were,” Frank said.
“So who did it?  A ghost?  If you don’t like me reading so much, you could just talk to me about it instead of doing something immature!”
“I didn’t do this,” Frank said slowly, looking into her eyes.
“You’re my husband so I’d like to believe you.  But if you didn’t, then who did?” Jill demanded.
“You think someone’s been coming in here?” Frank asked.
“You locked the door while we were gone, right?” Jill asked.
“Of course.  Could it be one of the neighbors?” Frank asked.
“I doubt Mabel would do that.  I don’t know about Adam though.  So what should we do?” Jill asked.
“Change the locks?” Frank suggested.
“Could you?” Jill asked.
“I could make a call Monday.  I guess it’s possible someone out there could have an extra key.  Might not even be the neighbors,” Frank said.
“Then we should try it.  And the chess pieces really were moved the other day.  Maybe someone’s trying to be funny,” Jill said.
“If you say so,” Frank muttered.
Jill lingered a few moments and then threw the book on the couch.  She went to her computer and attempted to write since she couldn’t read like planned.  She got a few sentences out but mostly kept staring at the screen.  Frank walked in a while later.
“Hey Jill?  Do you want to maybe find a bar and get a couple drinks?  Get away from here for a while?”
“Isn’t there some beer and margueritas left in the fridge?” Jill asked.
“Yeah, but it’s more fun to have a drink in public.  Come on.  It’ll take your mind off what happened to your book,” Frank said soothingly.
“Well okay.  Do you know of any bars in the area?” 
“Didn’t our waitress at the diner mention a couple?” Frank asked thoughtfully.
“Yeah, I think it was the Brew Barn and Liza’s.”
“Those were the ones.  Which one do you want to try?”
“Didn’t she say one had a rougher crowd and she didn’t recommend it?  I just can’t remember which though,” Jill said.
“Probably the Brew Barn.  That sounds a little more hillbillyish,” Frank said.
“You’re probably right.  But we don’t know how to get there,” Jill said.
“I’ll call information for the number.  Then call the bar for directions,” Frank said.
“Very resourceful of you,” Jill commented.
“I try my best,” Frank said and went for the phone.
He got Liza’s number and called them.  He had a brief conversation with one of the employees and wrote down directions.  Jill went upstairs to put on perfume and some make-up.  It took her almost half an hour.  She saw Frank waiting by the door when she went downstairs.
“You look like a million dollars.  No wonder it took so long,” Frank said.
“Thanks.  Do you need to put on any cologne?” 
“Not really.  I already have a woman.  I’m not gonna be trying to pick any up at the bar.  That is, unless you wouldn’t mind,” Frank said slyly.
“I don’t think any of them would want you,” Jill countered.
“Ouch!” Frank joked and opened the door.  He let Jill through and then shut it behind them.
It was almost nine when they arrived at the bar.  The moment they stepped in, they wondered if they had made a mistake.  Half of the patrons were wearing leather.  Most of the men had tattoos and many of the women had big dangly earrings and low cut tops.
“Let’s just sit.  We don’t want to offend them,” Frank whispered in Jill’s ear.
They walked over to an empty booth.  They both sat on the same side.  A man with a moustache and a shaved head nodded to them.  Jill smiled out of politeness.  The man walked over.  Jill noticed a snake tattoo all the way down his left arm and a skull tattoo on his right hand.
“Can I get you folks anything to drink?” he asked.
“Are you the bartender?” Jill asked nervously.
“Me?  No, but I’m friends with Jake who is,” the man said.
“I’ll take a vodka cranberry,” Jill said.
“The same,” Frank said.
“Coming right up,” the man said and walked towards the bar.
“He’s not gonna pay for them, is he?” Jill asked Frank.
“I don’t know.  I couldn’t tell if that’s what he meant or not,” Frank said.
Jill shrugged her shoulders and waited for their drinks.
The man came back with two drinks and set them on the table.
“That’ll be eight dollars, folks,” he said calmly.
Jill felt a relieved and Frank reached into his wallet and gave the guy a ten.
The man put it in his shirt pocket.
“Are you going to give it to Jake?” Jill asked after a few moments.
“Relax, little lady.  He knows I won’t stiff him,” the man said.
He sat on a stool near Frank and Jill’s booth.
“My name’s Mitch Henderson,” the stranger finally said.
“I’m Frank Mulberry and this is my wife Jill.”
“Nice to meet you.  Are you two newlyweds?” he asked.
“Kind of.  We’ve been married ten months,” Frank said.
“That’s longer than my marriage lasted.  So are you just passing through on your way to Boston, maybe?” Mitch asked.
“No.  We just moved here a few days ago,” Frank said.
“Where from?” Mitch asked.
“New York City,” Frank answered.
“So you two are city folk.  I kinda guessed it.  Do you mind me asking what section of town you’re in?” 
“Um.  We bought the house that used to be a bed and breakfast on Chester Street,” Frank said.
“Well aren’t you two adventurous, coming all the way up here for that.  I stayed at that place myself a couple times when it was open.  I liked to take dates there on Halloween.  Well I’ll let you two be now.  My friend just walked in.  Later,” Mitch said and left them.
When Jill first saw Mitch, he seemed like he might be dangerous.  But she didn’t really think so after talking to him.
“Nice man,” Frank muttered.
“Now I definitely think something might be wrong with our house.  That’s the third person,” Jill said.
“You mean what he said about Halloween?  What, you think our house is haunted?”
“I don’t believe in that, but it would explain a couple odd things,” Jill stated.
“Like the milk?” 
“I thought you said you forgot to put it back,” Jill said.
“I said that only to avoid a fight.  The more I think about it, the more I’m sure I put it back,” Frank said.
“Great.  So either someone has a key and has been sneaking in to mess with our stuff or our house is haunted.  Either way, I’m starting to not feel so safe there,” Jill said.
“Well we can’t move.  At least not so fast.  Jill, I’m sure there’s a reasonable explanation for the few little things that happened,” Frank said.
“And you swear you weren’t the one who messed up the book I was just getting into?” Jill said, raising her voice a little.
“Why would I lie?” Frank said.
“You better not be lying.  Cause if you are, you have a thing or two to learn about the woman you married,” Jill said, getting emotional.
“Jill, don’t get hyper,” Frank started to say and then noticed a woman staring at them.
“Hi, y’all,” she said while chewing on a piece of gum.
“Hi,” Jill said sheepishly.
“Having a little marital spat?” the woman asked.
Jill blushed.  “It’s nothing.”
“Sure.  Sure.  I’ve been there and done that, let me tell you.  Three times I’ve been married and I’m only thirty-six!  The next one better be a keeper!” the woman said.
“We’re not getting a divorce,” Frank said.
“Glad to hear it.  You two seem like nice people.  You look good together and you should stay together,” the woman said.
“What’s your name?” Jill asked.
“Blair Johnson,” the woman said.
“I’m Jill,” Jill told Blair.
“Frank.”
Blair sat across from them and her expression became serious.  “I overheard you saying where you moved into.  Now, a lot of people say that house is messed up.  But don’t worry.  It’s what you make of it.  You two keep your love strong and you’ll do fine.  You could live there for years.”
“Hear that, Jill?  We can’t argue anymore,” Frank said.
“I don’t mean you can’t disagree about anything.  I’m just saying love is powerful.  It can conquer evil.  I sure wish I had someone special,” Blair said.
Jill leaned closer to Frank.  “There aren’t really ghosts, are there?” she asked.
“Not if you don’t believe in them,” Blair said.
Jill was about to ask her what she knew about their house, but Blair suddenly got up and excused herself.  Jill didn’t want to be pushy so she let her go.
Frank looked at Jill uneasily and then finished his drink without taking a breath.
“I’m gonna get another,” he said and walked to the bar.
Jill waited patiently.  The people had made her uneasy.  She wanted to be happy in her dream home, and she hoped there weren’t actually ghosts in it.  No one else came up to them, but now Jill wanted to talk to someone who might know more about their house.  She and Frank didn’t say much to each other for a while.  The insinuation about ghosts startled them.  Frank finished his drink quickly and got another, to Jill’s disapproval.  When he got a fourth, Jill said, “I guess you won’t be driving home tonight.”
“You can.  You only had one,” Frank said, sipping his drink.
“Did you plan this?” Jill asked.
“No, I just feel like having a few drinks tonight,” Frank said.
“Well I hope this is your last.  I don’t want you getting sick,” Jill said.
“It is,” Frank said, staring straight ahead and taking another sip.
Jill relented and listened to the music.  It was all hard rock.  Jill now thought they were mistaken and the waitress had said Liza’s had the rougher crowd.  She wondered if people would get unruly as it got later.  So about eleven she said, “Why don’t we go?  I’m tired.”
“If you wish,” Frank said and got up.
Mitch waved to them as they left.  Frank waved back.  They drove home in silence.  Frank looked like he was getting tired.  He leaned his head against the car window.  It was eleven thirty when they pulled in their driveway.
As soon as they got in the door, Frank went for the kitchen.  Jill followed.
“I feel like a snack.  What is there?” he asked as he opened the refrigerator door.
“Sorry.  I didn’t get any chips or pretzels,” Jill said.
“What’s this?” he asked, taking out the cheesecake box.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you.  Mabel brought cheesecake when she stopped by yesterday,” Jill said.
“That was nice.  I think I’ll have some,” Frank said and got himself a plate.
Jill suddenly remembered the good luck charm Mabel had brought.  She thought she had left it on the table, but she didn’t remember moving it at breakfast or dinner.  She walked over to the table.  It definitely wasn’t there.
“Now this is just too much,” she said.
“What’s wrong?” Frank asked, taking a bite of cheesecake standing up.
“Mabel also brought some Indian good luck thing and I have no idea where it went,” Jill said.
“Where did you leave it?” Frank asked.
“On the table,” Jill said with her hands on her hips.
Frank shrugged.
“This is like the fifth weird thing and we haven’t been here a week even,” Jill said, feeling frustrated.
“What did it look like?” Frank asked.
“It was this large ring with feathers and beads and a jewel,” Jill informed him.
Frank ducked down a little and said, “Is that it?”
“Where?” Jill asked.
“Under the table by the wall,” Frank pointed.
Jill looked where he said and found the craft Mabel had brought.  She felt relieved and went under the table to grab it.  Frank came around with his plate and sat as Jill stood up with the ring in her hand.
“Looks cool,” Frank said.
Jill was glad it wasn’t gone but didn’t know how it got under the table.  She didn’t remember pushing it off and there shouldn’t have been any strong wind blowing through the kitchen.
“Yeah, I’m just not sure how it got under here,” Jill said, studying it.
“Who knows.  At least a ghost didn’t steal it,” Frank said.
Jill studied the ring more closely.  The jewel was deep red.  She thought she remembered it as purple.  She decided not to worry Frank about it, however.  She put it on the island counter, “Well I feel like a bath tonight.  I got bubbles.”
“Knock yourself out,” Frank said, gobbling up the cheesecake.
“I take it you like the cake,” Jill said.
“Definitely.  I think I’m gonna have another slice,” Frank said.
Jill smiled and then went upstairs to the bathroom.  She got her nightgown and some towels ready and then ran the water, putting bubble mix in it.  While she was waiting, she brushed her teeth and took off her make-up.  The hot water felt good as Jill stepped in.  She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.  Ten minutes later, she heard Frank walk past the door and move around in the next room.  She thought she might be getting wrinkled so she drained the water and got out.
Frank had changed into his T-shirt and sweats and was sitting on the edge of the bed.  He turned to watch her walk in the room.
“Did it relax you?” he asked.
“Yes.  Very much,” Jill said and got in next to him.
She usually didn’t like putting her head on the pillow with her hair wet but didn’t worry about it that night.  Frank shut out the lights and snuggled up next to her.  He put his arm around her and kissed her quickly.  Then he kissed her again and starting rubbing her shoulder.  When his other hand went up her top, she said, “What are you doing?”
“You know what I’m doing,” he mumbled and continued.
“You’re drunk,” she said flatly.
“Not really.  Anyway, you heard what Blair said.  We have to keep our love strong,” Frank said continuing to kiss her gently.
“But it’s Sunday,” Jill said.
Frank backed off a little.  “That’s right.  You can’t have sex on Sunday, can you?”
“I just don’t think it’s necessary,” Jill said.
“That’s the Christian in you talking, isn’t it?” Frank said.
“Well it’s just if you abstain one day a week, I think it should be Sunday,” Jill said.
“Well first of all we’ve been abstaining for almost a week.  It’s a new house and we haven’t christened the new bed yet.  And second, it’s not even one in the morning.  That’s still Saturday night in my book.  Sunday and the rules it comes with doesn’t start till dawn,” Frank said, starting to kiss her again.
“Did a priest tell you that?” Jill asked.
Frank pulled away.  “Fine, I won’t.  I’ll just go to sleep.  And I guess tomorrow night’s out since it’ll still be Sunday.  Maybe Monday then?”
“If I’m in the mood.  I can’t do it just because,” Jill said.
“Fine,” Frank mumbled and turned on his side facing away from Jill.  He didn’t say any more.
Jill spent about half an hour thinking things over in her mind and then finally cleared it enough to fall asleep.




Chapter Five




Jill woke up while it was still half-dark outside.  She was sure she had dreamt but she couldn’t remember any of them.  Frank was still asleep beside her.  Jill tried to close her eyes and get some more sleep but she was wide awake.  Eventually, she decided to get up and go downstairs.
As soon as she walked into the kitchen, her heart sank.  The new container of milk was lying out on the island counter.
“I don’t believe this,” she muttered.
She opened the carton.  It was obvious it had been left out for at least a few hours.  She couldn’t believe Frank would do that again after she yelled at him the first time.  As she was pouring the milk down the drain, she reflected on the several strange occurrences that had happened since she and her husband moved in.  Was Frank doing all this and not telling her?  But why would he?  Was he mad at her about something?  Or was some stranger sneaking in and messing with their things?  But who would it be and how could they try to find out?  Or, the possibility that worried her most of all.  Could there be ghosts or evil spirits in their house?  Did anything like this happen while it was a bed and breakfast or when the old lady lived here?  Jill resolved to find out more during the week.  She remembered suggesting to talk to the diner waitress again.  That could be a start.
Jill set up her computer at the kitchen table again and went online.  She checked her e-mail and was about to see if she could find anything on South Rayport when an instant message popped up.  It was fungirl78, which was the username of her friend Samantha.
‘What’s up, Jill?’ was staring up at her from the screen.
She typed hi in response.
‘Are you in your new house yet?’ Samantha typed back.
Jill responded that she was and described it for her.  She didn’t mention the milk or her book or any of the strange things that happened.  Then they talked about other things and Jill lost track of the time.
Frank came into the room yawning.
“Morning, what are you doing?” he yawned.
“Samantha’s online,” Jill quickly replied.
“Tell her hi,” Frank said and opened the refrigerator.
He noticed the empty carton of milk on the counter and thought it odd.  He didn’t think they had drunk that much.  Since Jill was busy typing, he shrugged and poured some juice for himself.
Jill signed off a few minutes later.
“So I assume you’re going to tell me it wasn’t you who left the milk out again?” Jill then said.
“Of course I didn’t,” Frank replied.
“Because you were alone downstairs for a while last night.  I don’t know if maybe you think this is funny or what,” Jill said irritably.
“Why would I keep wasting milk?” Frank demanded.
“Don’t ask me,” Jill snapped.
“Well if it’s not me and it’s not you, someone must be coming in here to play pranks on us,” Frank said.
“Who?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know.  We just moved here.  We don’t know the townspeople yet.  Could be some teenagers looking for some fun,” Frank suggested.
“Well it couldn’t be anyone who has a grudge against us.  Larry and Becky are the only people we know here.  Maybe in a couple hours, we should ask if Mabel has seen anyone hanging around our house.”
“Good idea,” Frank replied.
“And for dinner maybe we can go back to the diner and see if that waitress knows anything.”
“You really think she knows something?” Frank asked.
“I just have a feeling.”
They both had some cereal and then watched TV.
Around nine fifteen, Frank said, “You think Mabel’s up yet?”
“Probably.  Why don’t we just go now?” 
“Sure,” Frank said and shut off the TV.
They walked next door and rang the doorbell.  After a few moments, Mabel answered.  She was wearing a nice dress and was in the middle of putting on an earring.
“Sorry, are you going out?” Jill asked.
“Yes, to church,” Mabel said.
“Oh, well we just had something we wanted to ask.  If you don’t have enough time, we can come back later,” Jill said courteously.
“I have some time left.  You can ask,” Mabel said stepping back to let them in.
“Well some strange things have happened since we moved in.  We think someone might be sneaking into our house at night or while we’re gone,” Jill said, standing in the entryway.
“Yeah, have you seen anyone besides us go into the house?” Frank asked.
“Well I’m off doing other things most of the time so I can’t say for sure.  But what kinds of things are you talking about?” Mabel asked, looking concerned.
“Well the milk was left out twice.  Someone ruined a book I was reading.  A couple nights I heard music,” Jill started to list the things that had happened.
“I don’t know who around here would think that was funny,” Mabel said.
“Would you suspect Adam on the other side of us?” Frank asked.
“Oh, I don’t think he’d do that.  He’s not that nice to me, but I don’t want to speak badly of him.  Are you going to tell the police?” Mabel asked.
Jill hadn’t considered that yet.  “Not if they’d have the house under watch twenty four hours a day.”
Mabel nodded.  “Well I’ll say a prayer for you in church.  By the way, would you like to go with me?  I don’t know if you’ve met anyone in town yet.  They’re really nice people where I go.”
“Thanks, but we’re not really dressed for it,” Jill said.
“You could throw on something quick.  You don’t have to be formal like me,” Mabel said.
Jill turned to Frank, expecting him to make the decision.
“Maybe next week,” Frank finally said.  “We’re still getting settled.”
“Sure.  Well I should be leaving in a few minutes,” Mabel said.
“Okay, thanks for talking to us.  If you do see anyone strange hanging around, could you tell us?” Jill said while walking out the door.
“Of course, dear,” Mabel said and closed it behind them.
“Well she doesn’t know anything,” Frank said, going back to their house.
“I guess not,” Jill said, following behind him.
Frank went inside and went back to watching TV.  Jill decided to finally finish looking around upstairs.  She thought about the bedroom from her dream, but decided to see the other bedrooms first.  She started to the left when she reached the top of the stairs.
The first room she went into was longer than it was wide.  There was a fake fireplace in the right wall.  She walked over and examined it.  It looked modern. 
There was also a closet behind sliding wood doors.  Except for one wire hanger and some cobwebs, it was empty.  The other three bedrooms to the left of the stairs were similar.  Each one seemed to have a different theme, though.  The first one had more red and wood color.  The second one had a lot of white.  The third was yellow and the fourth was white again, but the furniture looked a lot more expensive and fancy.  It might even contain some antiques, Jill thought.
Jill then walked past the stairs.  On the left, there was only one door at the end.  Jill opened it to find the room carpeted, but empty.  She could see some marks where a couch had been.  It disappointed her a little.  She was under the impression that every room was furnished.  She then told herself maybe this was where they could put some exercise machines.
The room across the hall took Jill by surprise.  It was also empty, but this one had no carpet.  The bare wood floor was very dusty.  The wallpaper was peeling.  She stepped in further and noticed some stairs going up in a door on the right wall.  It had to lead to the attic, but Jill suddenly became afraid to go up there.  She never liked attics and only remembered the one at her aunt’s house.  That one had scared her when she was little, but also because you had to get to it by a ladder that pulled out of the ceiling.  At least this house had stairs.
Jill left the room and went into the room from her dream next.  She felt a little apprehensive as she went in.  Everything looked the same as when Jill was in there the other day.  She remembered the photo album and got the sudden urge to look inside it.  She walked to the dresser and was dismayed to find it wasn’t there.  She was sure she had left it here when Mabel rang the doorbell.  She started opening drawers, and found it in the first one where she had originally seen it.
As she picked it up and held it, she began to feel guilty.  It was probably normal pictures of family and friends of the former occupant.  Possibly a vacation.  Whoever was here before them had left it, so she told herself she shouldn’t feel that guilty.  She slowly began to open it but a movement in the mirror caught her eye.  She looked up to see the woman from her dream standing near the bed.  She was wearing a provocative outfit which showed most of her cleavage.  The woman looked mad.  Jill became paralyzed with fear.
The woman reached toward Jill and said in a loud, authoritative voice.  “Give me that!”
Jill jumped and dropped the album.  She turned around ready for a confrontation, but no one was there.  She turned around again and no one but her was in the mirror.  Jill was positive she was awake.  She wiped her forehead in worry.  She had never hallucinated before.  Jill was about to pick the album up again, but suddenly had the feeling she was being watched.  She looked around her to make sure the room was empty.  It was, but the feeling of being stared at grew stronger.  She shivered.  If someone was watching her, she sensed they were angry.  Jill ran quickly out of the room, leaving the photo album on the floor.  She wanted to get downstairs and near her husband as quickly as possible.  She rushed over to Frank and sat next to him on the couch.
“Is something the matter?  You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Frank said, turning away from the television.
“You could say that,” Jill said.
“What?”
“Nevermind,” Jill said.  She didn’t want to worry Frank.
“So you must have been exploring really well.  You were up there for over an hour,” Frank said.
Jill couldn’t believe it could be that long.  She spent a couple minutes in each room, but thought it was unlikely to have taken an hour.  She was about to argue but then looked at the clock.  It was just past ten thirty.
Jill didn’t know what to make of the time loss, but she simply replied, “I guess I lost track of the time.”
“Are the other rooms nice?” Frank asked.
“Two of them aren’t.  One is completely bare and looks like it’s falling apart.  Another one is empty, but is at least carpeted and painted well,” Jill replied.
“That’s strange.  I thought all the rooms were furnished.”
“Well I guess not all.  Anyway, I was thinking maybe we could buy some exercise machines for the empty room that’s carpeted.  I need to start working on losing some pounds.  Especially if you want me to go anywhere public in a bathing suit this summer,” Jill said.
“You look fine.  I bet lots of people around here don’t have perfect bodies either,” Frank said.
“Thanks, but I still want to exercise,” Jill said.
“Well I guess we could go look at some machines later in the week,” Frank said.
“Thanks,” Jill said and finally laid back all the way on the couch.
“I got a call from Larry while you were upstairs,” Frank said abruptly.
“Really?  What did he want?” 
“He invited us over for dinner tonight.  I didn’t think you’d mind so I said yes.  I guess we’ll just have to go the diner tomorrow night,” Frank told her.
Jill was a little disappointed.  She was looking forward to getting some answers.  She wondered if Larry or Becky knew anything about the house.  They both lived in the area for a while.
“Dinner at his restaurant or his house?” Jill thought to ask.
“His house,” Frank answered.
“Can’t wait to see it,” Jill said.
Frank smiled and returned his attention to the TV.  Frank and Jill kept to themselves for the rest of the afternoon.  Jill started a new book and Frank wouldn’t leave the TV.  About four thirty, Frank suggested they leave for Larry’s house.  Jill complied and they left the house, making sure to put the deadbolt on too.

  Larry lived in a five-story building on a street that had a lot of trees.  So far, five stories was the tallest building they had seen in the town.  Larry had said he was in 515.  Frank knew it must mean the fifth floor.  The lobby of the building was very fancy and the elevator was spacious.  Frank and Jill soon found themselves outside Larry’s door.  Frank knocked.  They heard some shuffling inside and then Larry opened the door.
“Frank, buddy!” he said and shook Frank’s hand enthusiastically.
“Hi,” Frank said, walking in.
“Nice to see you again Jill.  You remember Becky?” Larry said and pointed to Becky, who was sitting at a table reading a magazine.
“Yes, hi,” Jill said.
Becky smiled warmly and closed her magazine.
“You find the place okay?” Larry asked.
“Yes, it was no problem,” Frank replied.
“You have a lovely apartment,” Jill said, looking around.
The apartment was fairly large.  It was decorated like a typical guy’s place.  There was a Budweiser sign on the wall and a few sports posters.
“Is this an apartment or a condo?” Frank inquired.
“A condo.  I own it,” Larry replied.
“Do you live here too, Becky?” Jill asked.
“Does it look like a girl lives here?” Becky asked.  “But seriously, we still have to discuss the living arrangements when we get married.”
“She’s welcome to stay here.  I’ll even let her put up a few girly decorations,” Larry said.
“How many is a few?” Becky asked.
Larry looked like he wanted to change the topic so he said, “So are either of you hungry or thirsty?  I got soda, beer, wine coolers.  Chips and pretzels.”
“I’ll have a wine cooler,” Jill said.
“Get me one too,” Becky called still sitting at the table.
Jill sat near Becky.  Frank took a can of soda.
“Are you the designated driver?” Larry asked Frank.
“I had enough to drink last night,” Frank told him.
“Did you go anywhere?” Larry asked, serving the girls the wine coolers.
“To Liza’s,” Frank replied.
“That place.  Not exactly your kind of crowd, I would think,” Larry said.
“Well it was too late to change our minds once we got there.  We heard about there and the Brew Barn from someone.  Is the Brew Barn better?” Jill asked.
“Yeah, we go there sometimes,” Becky said.
“Well Frank was the one who thought the Brew Barn was a hillbilly bar,” Jill said.
“I didn’t hear you correcting me,” Frank said.
“How would I have known?  I just moved here,” Jill said.
“So chips or pretzels maybe,” Larry said, getting some bags from the cabinet.
“Maybe a few,” Jill said.
Becky twirled her hair and smiled and then leaned towards Jill.  “So how do you like your new house?  When Larry told me how cheap you got it, I was shocked.”
“It’s very nice for the money,” Jill said.  “And we hardly have to buy any furniture.”
“I heard,” Becky said.
“So where do you live?” Jill asked.
“Not as nice a place as this, I can tell you that.  But it’s cozy.  I think it’ll be sad when I move out.  I’ve lived there since I left my parents’ place,” Becky said.
“So dinner’s going to be chicken stir-fry.  Does that sound okay?” Larry said loudly.
“Great.  I need some vegetables,” Jill said.
“Fine with me,” Frank added.
“So I wanted to show you something, Frank, before I got started,” Larry said and motioned for Frank to follow.
He did and was led into one of the two bedrooms.  Larry walked over to his computer and clicked off the screensaver.
“I just upgraded a few months ago.  This baby’s top of the line,” Larry said.
“And in six months, it’ll be old news,” Frank joked.
“I know what you mean.  But here’s what I wanted to show you,” Larry said and opened a program.
An action game with very advanced 3D graphics came on.
“Is that from a CD-ROM?” Frank asked.
“Of course.  I have two drives so I leave it in most of the time,” Larry said.
Larry got a game started and asked, “Do you have many games like this?”
“Jill just has a laptop.  I don’t have a computer of my own.  We have a few games, but not one this good,” Frank said.
Becky had walked into the room.
“Larry.  Us girls are getting hungry.  Can you start dinner soon?” she asked.
“In a minute, honey.  I’m showing Frank something,” Larry said.
“Can it wait?  I hear my stomach growling,” Becky complained.
“I’ll only be a minute.  Go give yourself a manicure or something,” Larry said.
“Is that all you think of me?” Becky asked, sounding insulted.
“Of course not.  We’re just doing guy stuff.  Talk to Jill until I’m ready,” Larry said.
“Sure.  I can give her a manicure.  And she can give me one at the same time.  That’s all girls care about anyway,” Becky said sarcastically while walking away.
“Oh geez,” Larry mumbled to Frank.  “Guess I’m not getting any tonight.”
Becky had overheard.  Larry had thought she was out of the room already.
“That’s right, you’re not,” Becky called.
Larry shifted and smiled uncomfortably.  He walked over to Becky.
“Honey, we have company!” he said, touching her gently.
“Okay, just don’t keep me waiting too long,” Becky said and went back to the table.
Frank was suppressing a laugh.
“Sorry about that,” Larry said returning to the computer.
“It’s okay.  Me and Jill talk like that to each other sometimes too,” Frank said.
“But other than that, your marriage is going well?” Larry asked.
“Yeah, I’m happy with her,” Frank said.
“Good.  I hope I’m not rushing things with  Becky,” Larry said.  “Hey, Jill doesn’t leave her feminine items and things all over the place, does she?”

Becky and Jill were looking at pictures of models in a magazine.
“She is so pretty.  I wish I had hair like that,” Becky said, while stopping at a page.
“Mm-hmm,” Jill grumbled distantly.
“Are you okay?  Has Frank been mean?” Becky asked, sensing something was on Jill’s mind.
“No.  It’s just some weird stuff has been happening at the house,” Jill said.
“Like what?” Becky asked.
“Like milk being left out and little odd things.  And I had a bad nightmare the other night,” Jill said.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Becky asked sympathetically.
“I guess.  Well I dreamt I got up in the middle of the night and went into one of the extra bedrooms.  There were candles everywhere and two people were having sex on the bed,” Jill said.
“Oh no,” Becky said.  “Did you tell Frank?”
“He wasn’t concerned.  He was wondering if I saw them naked, and made jokes,” Jill said.
“That’s a guy for you,” Becky said.
“What did we do now?” Larry asked coming out of the bedroom.
“Jill had a bad dream and Frank thought it was funny,” Becky said.
“What was the dream?” Larry asked.
Jill really didn’t want Larry to know about it, but Becky had already brought it up.
“I saw two strangers having sex in one of our bedrooms,” Jill said.
“Doesn’t sound like a bad dream to me,” Larry said.
“You don’t understand women.  We aren’t sex-crazed like you guys,” Becky said.
“Well there was something else that made it a real nightmare,” Jill said.
“What?” Larry and Becky asked.
Jill was embarrassed to tell them but forced herself to.
“Well the woman’s eyes turned red and she shattered the mirror by hissing.”
“Freaky,” Larry said.
“You must be unsettled,” Becky said, putting her arm around Jill.
“Yeah.  I don’t know what caused it.  Maybe just a new house I’m not used to,” Jill suggested.
“That’s probably it,” Becky said.
“It doesn’t mean anything.  Dreams are weird.  That’s what makes them dreams.  Haven’t you ever, for instance, dreamt you were somewhere?   You look down, then up again and the room is completely changed or you’re holding something you weren’t before?”
“Sometimes.  But my dreams are pretty normal,” Jill said.
“You’re lucky.  I don’t know how I make it through some of my dreams without stopping and going ‘what the hell’s wrong with this picture?’  You know what I mean?” Larry asked.
Frank had wandered out of the bedroom.  “You guys talking about Jill’s dream?”
“Yeah,” Larry said.  “I think you’re right to think it’s nothing.”
“It was just sex,” Frank said.
“And a red eyed woman who broke the mirror.  Didn’t she tell you?” Becky said.
“What red eyed woman?  Jill, did you tell me everything?” Frank asked.
“No.  And now you know why the dream really upset me,” Jill said.
“It still probably is nothing.  Nightmares can even be caused simply by something you ate,” Frank said.
Jill almost told them about seeing the same woman in the daytime but stopped herself.
“I guess,” she sighed.
“So is that all you were worried about?” Becky asked.
“Well I just also wanted ask you and Larry if you know anything about our house in the years before we moved in,” Jill said.
“Like what?” Larry asked.
“You know it was a bed and breakfast, right?” Jill said.
“Yeah, I forgot about that until you mentioned it,” Larry said.
“Well have either of you heard any stories or rumors in the years you’ve lived in the town?” Jill asked.
“What kind of stories?” Becky asked, not getting what Jill was getting at.
“She means ghosts or demons terrorizing people,” Frank said.
“What?” Larry said, laughing.
“Thank you Frank,” Jill said.
“You believe in that stuff?” Becky asked.
“Well no.  Just some strange things happened and some people we talked to suggested there might be something like that going on,” Jill said.
“Well people talk but it’s not always true,” Becky said.
“Yeah, Jill.  I remember there was a house where I grew up that all the kids said was haunted.  It wasn’t.  The people living there were very nice.  My mother invited them over to show me,” Larry said.
“I guess you’re right.  I should feel silly,” Jill said.
“Well you do have some reason to suspect something.  I think we’re going to change the locks on Monday to make sure no one’s sneaking in,” Frank said.
“Do you need time off work to take care of that?” Larry asked.
“If you wouldn’t mind me coming in a little late.”
“I don’t mind.  If you have anything else to take care of with your new house, just tell me,” Larry said.
“Thanks,” Frank said.
“Not a problem.  Now I really have to get to dinner,” Larry said.
Larry was busy in the kitchen for almost half an hour.  He made rice, noodles, marinated chicken, and vegetables in a Chinese sauce.  While he was serving it, Becky commented “Larry’s food is great.  I love men who cook.  Does Frank ever cook for you, Jill?”
“I think he’d burn down the place if he tried,” Jill remarked.
“Thanks a lot!” Frank joked, feigning insult.
“I’m kidding,” Jill smiled and nudged Frank in the leg.
Everyone made small talk while eating.  Jill and Frank complimented Larry on his cooking.  After it was over, Becky put out a lemon meringue pie she had bought.  Between, the four of them, they just about finished it.  Frank and Jill stayed for about an hour after the table was cleared.  Jill began to feel better about their house.
Jill and Frank were silent during the drive home.  That night, Jill worked on her writing for a couple hours while Frank played pool by himself in the game room.  Then Jill went upstairs, got ready for bed, and went under the covers with the book she had started.
Frank came in during a slow part.
“Hi, do you want me to stop so you can turn out the light?” Jill asked as Frank got in next to her.
“If you want,” Frank sighed.
“Well I better before it gets too interesting again,” Jill said and closed her book.
She put it on the nightstand and something came to her mind.
“Frank, I wanted to ask you something,” she said.
“Shoot.”
“You knew Larry all through college, right?” 
“Almost.  I pledged the semester after he was initiated.  Why?” Frank replied.
“Well I was just thinking of the first day I met him.  He called you infamous.  Why?” Jill asked.
“Jill, it’s nothing,” Frank chuckled.
“Well there must be a reason.  I mean, I’m your wife and there’s still a lot I don’t know about your past,” Jill said.
“We just had some adventures.  Look, if you really want to know, I’ll tell you one.  One time our junior year, me, Larry, another guy and a couple girls took a last minute flight to London on the spur of the moment.”
“Really?” Jill asked.
“Yeah, we didn’t even get a hotel.  We arrived at like four in the morning.  Went around town for the day and flew home in the middle of the night,” Frank explained.
“It’s hard to picture you doing something so impulsive,” Jill said.
“Well believe it,” Frank said.
“So is that all?”
“Well, I don’t want to get into everything,” Frank said.
“I don’t mind listening,” Jill said.
“Well I didn’t rape anyone or anything like that if that’s what you’re getting at.  Look, I’m tired.  Can we talk about this some other day?”
“Well as long as you’ve never raped anyone,” Jill said and kissed him good-night.
Frank then turned out the light and they both went to sleep.

Jill walked through the doors.  She saw her parents talking to some friends of the family.
“Jill, you made it,” her father came over and hugged her.
“Happy Birthday, dear,” her mother said and hugged her next.
She could smell the perfume.  The same scent she had worn for twenty years.
“Hi, mom,” Jill heard herself say.  She suspected she was dreaming but it felt real.
“Guess who’s here?” her mother asked.
“Who?” Jill asked.
“Your boyfriend Frank,” her mother said and led her by the shoulder to another part of the room.
“Boyfriend?  He’s my husband,” Jill said, sensing she wasn’t awake.
Her mother lit up.
“Are you serious?  My little girl is married?  When did it happen?” her mother exclaimed.
“When did what happen?” a young man who had approached asked.
“You marrying my daughter!” Jill’s mother said.
Jill looked at the man and it definitely wasn’t Frank.  His hair was dirty-blonde and Frank’s was dark brown.  She could also tell this guy was very muscular and Frank had an average body.
“That’s not Frank,” Jill yelled, feeling disturbed.
“Of course it is,” her mother said.
The stranger was about to say something but then everything faded and Jill was in bed.  Everything was pitch black.  She looked to her side to make sure the Frank she knew was sleeping beside her.  He was.  
Jill contemplated what the dream could mean for a few minutes.  To her recollection, she had never seen the man in her dream before.  She would remember if she ever dated someone who looked like that.  She wasn’t considering cheating on Frank, so she didn’t know what the dream meant.  Then she remembered Larry’s comment that dreams are weird and decided not to take it too seriously.
Suddenly, she was both hungry and thirsty.  She decided to go downstairs for a drink and maybe the last piece of cheesecake.  As she neared the top, of the stairs she became nervous.  There was colored light off in the living room and she heard people talking.  She went downstairs slowly.
She peeked around the corner, to find a woman and a teenage girl sitting by a Christmas tree with colored lights.  All the lamps in the room were off.  The tree lights gave everything an eerie glow.  It was June, so Jill immediately knew she must still be dreaming.  She felt compelled to watch the mother and daughter, however.
“Marcy, open your present,” the mother gently urged.
“Shouldn’t we wait for daddy?” Marcy asked.
“I don’t think he’d mind,” the mother said.
Jill looked at them.  They looked out of place.  Marcy was wearing bell bottoms and a sweater with large horizontal stripes on it.  The mother had an old-fashioned dress on.  Marcy opened her present carefully to see three records.  Jill couldn’t see the titles.
All of a sudden, the front door flew open and a man with a crazed look in his eyes barged in.  He was carrying an axe and looked deranged.  Jill screamed and ran into the living room towards the dining room.
“I told you bitches!” he screamed at Marcy and her mother.
“Daddy, no!” Marcy screamed.
The mother got up and tried to calm him.  “Chester!” she said suddenly.
Jill watched in horror as the man, without another word, swung the axe with all his strength at his wife’s chest.  Blood gushed out of the woman and she fell lifelessly onto the floor.  Jill screamed.  Until now, she thought the people couldn’t see her.  But now the deranged father looked right at her.
“Are you one of this whore’s little friends?” he growled and suddenly lunged at her with the axe.
Jill screamed and ran into the kitchen.  She would go through the dining room and out the front door if she could.  She heard the maniac running after her.  As soon as she opened the sliding doors to the dining room, she bumped into a man in a servant’s uniform.
“Dinner is at precisely six, Miss Stone,” he said snootily and moved away.
Jill looked behind her.  The man with the axe was gone.  She turned back around and looked at the dining room.  The table was about half full.  She counted eight people she had never seen before scattered around.  They were eating dinner.  A middle-aged African American woman was going around the table with a wine bottle.
“More wine, sir?” she asked a man with a mustache who was wearing a gray suit.
“Please,” the man responded.
One by one, the dinner guests looked at her.
“Are you going to sit or stare at us all evening, Miss Stone?” a short, overweight man asked Jill.
Jill didn’t know what to do.  She had to be dreaming but she couldn’t wake up right then.  She was still a little shaken from witnessing the murder.  Obviously, the people here knew nothing about what Jill had just seen.
She decided to sit and let the dream play out.
“I borrowed your razor again, Miss Stone,” a classy looking woman who looked to be about thirty-five said.
“Okay,” Jill didn’t know what else to say.
The man Jill bumped into set a plate of turkey and stuffing before her.
“Did you take care of those clients, Miss Stone?” the man in the mustache asked.
“What?” Jill asked, feeling confused.
“The Blanchards,” the man clarified.
Jill had no idea who she was supposed to be, but it obviously wasn’t Jill Mulberry.  She looked at the people better.  They seemed to be wearing modern clothes, but Jill felt like she was in another time.  Some of the people looked at Jill, waiting for her answer.
Jill finally replied, “Yes.  I took care of them.”
“Good.  You don’t want people like that trying to get more money out of you,” the man in the mustache said and went back to eating.
The African American woman poured Jill some wine and Jill immediately tasted it.  She instantly got a dizzy sensation.  She felt like she had just been drugged.  She heard a ringing in her ears and things went slightly blurry.  She heard a woman who looked to be about fifty talking about her children to the short, overweight man.  Some other conversations were taking place, but that was the only one she could focus on.
All of a sudden she felt her head hit the table.  Things became even blurrier and finally she only saw random colors.  The voices blurred and faded.  Then everything turned black.
 

Chapter Six




“Jill.  Jill,” she heard a familiar voice say.
Someone patted her on the shoulder.  Jill groggily opened her eyes and realized she was seated at the dining room table.  It was morning.
“What are you doing down here?” Frank, who was standing behind her, asked.
“I don’t know,” Jill said, suddenly becoming nervous.
She remembered coming downstairs in her dream, but that was only a dream.  It couldn’t have been real.
“You don’t know?” Frank asked.
“I had a bad dream again,” Jill stated.
“About people having sex in here?” Frank asked.
“No.  Worse,” Jill said.
“So you came down here after waking from the dream to feel safer.  That’s okay,” Frank said.
“No.  I remember coming down here in my dream, but not while I was awake,” Jill touched Frank’s arm.  “Frank.  Did you hear anything last night?”
“No.  All was quiet,” Frank replied.
“Are you sure?” 
“Hear what?” Frank asked.
“Like screams or people in the dining room?” 
“No.  I slept like a baby.”
“I must have sleepwalked,” Jill said finally.
“Has that ever happened before?” Frank asked, sounding concerned.
“No.  Never,” Jill said, pushing the chair away from the table.
“So what was the dream about?” Frank asked as Jill got up.
“I’d rather not say,” she didn’t want to upset Frank by telling him what she saw.
“Alright,” Frank sighed.
“So while you’re home, do you want me to cook sausage and eggs again?” Jill asked.
“Sure,” Frank said and sat at the kitchen table.
Jill set to work and they were soon eating.  It was about quarter of nine when they finished.
“When does the place open?” Jill asked.
“Nine.  I want to go to the real estate office and ask them about any other keys first.  Then call a locksmith,” Frank said.
“Do you want to leave now?”
“Might as well.  How soon can you be ready?” 
“Give me ten minutes,” Jill said and hurried upstairs.
She dressed, brushed, and washed her face as best she could.  Her hair was neater than most mornings so she only needed a quick brush.  Then she went downstairs and left with Frank for the real estate office.
It was located near a small lake.  Bells on the door jingled as they stepped inside.  A woman smoking was at the front desk.
“Up bright and early, huh?” she said, taking the cigarette out of her mouth.
“Yeah.  I have to be at work later,” Frank said.
“So sit down.  Sit down.  I’m Francine,” the woman said and motioned to two chairs before her desk.
Frank and Jill sat.
      “Well what can I do for you?”
“We moved into 117 Chester Street on Wednesday.  I just had a couple questions,” Frank said.
“Oh that’s a great place.  Plenty of room.  So what’s the question?  Electricity and everything is okay?” Francine asked.
“Yes.  That’s fine.  We think someone might be sneaking into our house,” Frank stated.
Francine put out her cigarette in a golden ashtray.  “Go on.”
“Well the milk was left out to go bad.  Someone scribbled all over a book my wife Jill was reading.”
“That’s awful.  But I don’t know how I could help you with that,” Francine stated.
“Well we were thinking someone might have an extra key.  Do we have the only one?” Frank asked.
“The only other is locked up in a cabinet here,” Francine said.
“Can you make sure it’s there?” Frank asked.
Francine reluctantly got up and went to a drawer.  She took out a key ring and led them to filing cabinets.  She unlocked them and opened the second one from the bottom.  After searching through the folders, she said, “Yep.  Here it is.”
Francine showed them the key.
“Could someone be taking it and putting it back?” Jill asked.
“Well they’d have to get past several locks.  I’m sure no one here at the office would do the  things you mentioned.  The door to this building is locked when we leave and there’s an alarm you need a code to shut off.  The filing cabinets are always locked and the key I just used is in a drawer that’s also locked when we’re gone.  The key to that is on a ring I keep with me.  I take it home at night.  So you see, someone can’t just walk in and take keys.” Francine said with a frown.
Jill thought of something.
“Could the previous owners have made another and never gave it back?” Jill said.
“The house was empty for a few years and new locks were put in,” Francine told them.
“Well we might need new locks again,” Jill stated.
“I guess, that would be okay, if you really think someone’s sneaking in,” Francine said.
“What locksmith put in the locks we have now?” Frank asked.
“Locks R Us,” Francine said.
“Is there another one in town?” Frank inquired.
“Only Locks Away,” Francine said.
“We’ll take them.  In case it’s an inside job,” Frank said.
“Good thinking,” Jill said.
“Do you want to make the call or should I?” Francine asked.
“Doesn’t matter,” Frank said.
“Then let me just find the number,” Francine said, looking through a rolodex.
She called and the company said they’d send a guy over between noon and three.  Jill felt a little better once it was scheduled.  Frank brought her back home and let her out of the car without getting out himself.  Jill watched him pull out of the driveway and drive away.
As she approached the door, she hear sounds and began to get nervous.  But she went in anyway.  The TV was on when Jill stepped into the living room.  An infomercial was playing.
“I don’t remember leaving this on,” Jill said and pressed the off button.
The picture faded.  Jill turned around and was about to walk away when the TV came on again.  This time a music video was playing.
“What the…” Jill was about to go for the TV when the phone rang.
Jill jumped at the noise and then answered the phone, leaving the TV as it was.
“Hello?” Jill said as she picked up the receiver.
She heard static like on a TV channel that doesn’t get reception.
“Hello?” Jill said again, feeling uneasy.
Jill heard static for a few more moments.  It was followed by a click and then a dial tone.  Jill didn’t know anything about phones, so she wasn’t sure if it was a crank call or a bad connection.  She put the phone down uneasily.  The music video still blared away on the television.  Jill marched over and shut it off.  She lingered a minute to make sure it stayed off.  When nothing happened, Jill went upstairs.
Jill retrieved her book from the bedside table and was about to take it to the sitting room.  The sun shining through the window convinced her to read while having her first sunbath of the season.  She just had to be back inside by noon, but that still left her two hours to sit in the yard.  She knew your first time of the year out in the sun shouldn’t be all day anyway.
She walked downstairs and through the game room.  She moved aside the blinds and opened the door to the backyard.  As she had hoped, she found a lounge chair and set it up in the middle of the yard.  On the way out, she had picked up her watch so she had everything she needed.  Instead of a bathing suit, she was wearing short shorts and a tanktop.  Even though no one could see her, she felt more comfortable in that.
Jill kept checking her watch every once in a while and the time was going by quickly.  After reading about a hundred pages of her book, she stopped and went back inside leaving the chair where it was.  After staying indoors much of the time, it had felt good to be out.
Now she just had to wait for the locksmith.  She got a drink from the kitchen and as she was pouring it the phone rang.  Hoping it wasn’t more static, she answered it.  It was Frank.
“Hi, Jill.  How are things at the house?” he asked.
“Fine.  It’s just about noon now so the locksmith could be here any minute,” Jill responded.
“Good.  I also wanted to let you know that I called the cable guy and he’ll probably be there today too.  I’m getting sick of only thirteen channels,” Frank said.
“Do we just need a box or what?” Jill asked.
“Well apparently the house has never had cable installed.  So he has to set up some wiring,” Frank explained.
“Great,” Jill sighed.
“I’ll probably still leave normal time.  Do you want to go the diner tonight?” Frank asked.
“Yes.”
“Okay.  See you later.”
Frank hung up.  Jill listened to the dial tone a moment and then hung up the phone.
As she took her first sip of juice, someone knocked loudly on the door.  She put the cup on the counter and went to see who it was.
“Hi, ma’am.  I’m from Locks Away.  You ordered new locks?” a gray haired man with a young face asked.
“Yes.  You’re right on time,” Jill said.
“We try to be.  Is this the only door to the house?” he asked.
“There’s a door to the backyard.  But it’s a sliding glass door that locks from the inside,” Jill explained.
“Then it shouldn’t take too long here,” the man said and opened a toolbox he was carrying.
Jill watched him unscrew the door handle a moment and then decided to do something else while waiting.
“I’ll be in the kitchen when you’re done,” she said.
“Great.  I’ll be busy by the door,” the man said.
Jill hurried into the kitchen.  She had the urge to write more.  When she had finished a couple of pages on the computer, the locksmith walked in.
“All done,” he said.
“That was fast,” Jill commented and closed her laptop cover halfway.
“I made two keys for you.  I checked them but if you want to make sure they work yourself, you’re welcome to,” the locksmith said handing her two gold keys.
“I think I will, thanks,” Jill said as she took them from him and walked to the front door.
She locked it, went outside and closed the door.  Then opened it, making sure to try the top lock too.  Then she did the same with the second key.  Everything seemed in order.  She went back inside.  The locksmith had been standing in the entryway waiting.
“I just have a few papers for you to sign and then I’ll be out of your way,” the locksmith said and handed Jill some folded up blue papers.  He handed her a pen as well which Jill used to sign in the places she was supposed to.
The locksmith took his copy and let himself out.
“Good day to you, ma’am,” he nodded and walked down the path.
Jill noticed a cable truck just pulling up and parking on the street.  A young good looking man got out and went to get something from the back.  The locksmith nodded to him and got in his own truck.  Jill stood by the door and waited for the cable guy to approach.
“Hi, you’re Jill Mulberry?” he said as he came closer.
“Yes,” Jill said.  She felt a little attracted to him.
“And this is 117 Chester Street.  First time this house is getting cable?” he asked.
“I don’t know.  That’s what my husband just said,” Jill said and backed up.
The guy let himself in and looked around the living room.  He looked at the walls intently.
“Yep.  I don’t see any outlet,” the man said.  “Well it may take a little while.  I need to do some things on the roof.  Did you want a box for your TV?”
“Do we need one?” Jill asked.
“Only if you want pay-per-view movies and movie channels,” the guy said.
“Then let’s get one,” Jill said.
“Sure.  By the way, I’m Bruce if you need to call me for anything,” the guy said.
Jill shook his hand.  “Well I’ll probably be in the kitchen while you’re working.”
“Okay.  Did you want another outlet upstairs in the bedroom perhaps?” Bruce asked.
“We don’t have a TV up there yet.  But you know what, just in case we get one, you can put one in.  As long as it’s not too much trouble,” Jill said.
“No more trouble than what I’ll already be doing,” Bruce said.
Jill left him to his work and began to walk away.  Then she walked back.  “By the way, if you go upstairs.  You go down the hall leading straight back and the bedroom’s the second door on the right.”
“Thanks,” Bruce said and went out to his truck.
Jill sat at her computer and tried to write more.  She had started a story about a girl moving to a new place.  It was told in the first person.  The girl was single, unlike Jill, but Jill thought she could bring her experience of moving to a new area into the book.  Jill wrote several pages, while hearing Bruce work.  It was after three when he was done.  Jill hadn’t even bothered to see what he was doing.  She didn’t understand stuff like that anyway.
“Should be all set,” Bruce said.  “Do you want to test the TV out?”
Jill eagerly went to get the remote and turned on the TV.  She flipped through the channels and saw there were over seventy.
“Do you have a listing of what channel’s what?” Jill asked.
“Not on me.  I’ll have them mail you one.  There’s also a TV Guide channel that lists everything that’s on for the next two hours,” Bruce said.
“What channel’s that?” Jill asked.
“30,” Bruce replied.
Jill turned to channel 30 and saw the TV listings.
“Thanks.  Do you want a soda before you go?  You look like you’ve worked hard,” Jill said graciously.
“That would be great if you don’t mind,” Bruce said.
Jill led him to the kitchen and gave him a can of Coke.  She knew she was married, but she couldn’t help but think he was cute.  She watched him open the can.
“Did my husband pay you guys?” she asked.
“He gave his credit card number over the phone,” Bruce said taking a long gulp from the can.
“Great.  Then we’re all set,” Jill said.
Bruce nodded.  “I think I’ll take this with me.  Have a nice day, Mrs. Mulberry,” Bruce said and started leaving.
“Bye, Bruce,” Jill said and went back to her computer.
After writing a couple paragraphs, the ideas stopped coming so fluidly.  She looked over what she had written so far that day.  There were over five pages, which was plenty.  She saved it and shut off her computer.
She watched the TV Guide channel until she saw something she liked.  When she saw old sitcoms from the sixties listed, she switched to that.
Frank knocked on the door two hours later.  She forgot she had locked it and he didn’t have the new key.
“Hi,” Jill opened it for him.
“Hi,” he said and kissed her.  “The locksmith and cable guy came?”
“Yup.  We have two housekeys now and the cable guy put an outlet upstairs,” Jill told him.
“We’ll have to get a TV to put up there then,” Frank said and then noticed Jill looked a little red.  “Were you out in the sun today?”
“For almost two hours in the backyard,” Jill replied.
“Good.  There’s plenty of room and privacy out there.”
“Yeah.”
“So do you want to leave right away?  I just hope that same waitress will be there tonight,” Frank said.
“She probably will be,” Jill said and got the new key from the kitchen.  “But even if she isn’t, you liked the food there and the prices.”
“I guess you’re right,” Frank said.
Frank and Jill were glad to see the waitress from the first night behind the counter when they entered the diner.  Jill smiled.  The waitress smiled back.  The same hostess from the first night asked them, “Table for two.”
“We’d like her to wait on us if that’s okay,” Frank pointed to the red-headed waitress behind the counter.
“She’s only working the counter tonight, not any tables.  You can seat yourself,” the hostess said.
Frank and Jill walked over to the left end of the counter which had no customers.
“I must have made a good impression on you two, huh?” she said coming over to them.  “So what would you like to drink?”
“A coffee,” Jill said.
“Root beer,” Frank replied.
“Sure,” the waitress said and went to get their drinks.
“So how are we going to ask this?” Jill whispered.
“Just let me,” Frank whispered back.
As the waitress put their drinks in front of them, Frank said, “So.  This place must get a lot of business, huh.”
“I make enough,” the waitress asked.
“Billie pays you well, I hope,” Frank said.
The waitress looked at him funny.
“Well, this is Billie’s Famous Diner, isn’t it?  The owner’s name must be Billie,” Frank said.
“I’m Billie,” the waitress said simply and went to assist another customer.
Frank and Jill were caught off guard and speechless for a moment.
“The owner works as a waitress?” Jill whispered.
“I guess so,” Frank whispered back.
“Did you decide what you want?” Billie came back after a moment.
“I’ll have mozzarella sticks and a hamburger,” Frank told her.
“I’d like chicken rice soup and a club sandwich,” Jill stated.
While Billie was writing, Jill said, “So you own this restaurant and you’re working as a waitress?  Why?”
“What else would I do all day?” Billie asked like she didn’t get Jill’s point.  Then she leaned over and said in a quieter tone of voice, “If you must know, I’m really bad with facts and figures.  My brother helps with the finances and paperwork.  I get my share of the profits, but other than that I don’t have much responsibility.  So I like to interact with my customers.  They’re the people that are keeping this place in business.  You know what I’m saying?”
“Yeah.  That’s just interesting,” Jill said.
Billie smiled.  “Well I’ll put your orders in now.”
“And you said she probably doesn’t make much,” Jill whispered when Billie was out of the way.
“Well I can’t take it back now,” Frank said and took a sip of root beer.
When Billie brought the mozzarella sticks and soup, Frank asked, “Do you have a few minutes to talk?”
“What about?” Billie asked.
“It just seemed like you knew something about our house when we mentioned it the other day.  My wife has been worried,” Frank said.
Jill gave him a look.
“What house was that, again?” Billie asked.
“The one on Chester Street.  Someone said it used to be a bed and breakfast.  Do you know anything about that?” Frank said.
Billie looked away and breathed deeply.
“Well you two are nice folk.  You’re not from the area, so I can’t blame you if you didn’t know,” Billie said.
“Didn’t know what?” Jill asked.
Billie leaned closer and whispered, “Some bad things have gone down there.”
“Like what?  Did someone get murdered in there?” Jill asked.
“Maybe,” Billie replied.  “Look, I can only tell you a little about what happened there in the sixties.”
“What happened?” Jill asked.
“It was a brothel.  Not many people knew about it, but enough that it stayed in business for eight years.  I know a little, because,” Billie paused.  “My mother knew one of the hookers.”
“Our house a brothel.  Wonderful,” Jill said.  The news had taken her by surprise.
“So can you tell us any more?” Frank asked.
“I might not be the best one.  If you give me a minute, maybe I can look for the number of one of the former prostitutes.  She and my mother still talk,” Billie said.
“Could you?” Frank asked.
Billie went back into the kitchen for several minutes.  Frank ate his mozzarella sticks quickly and Jill slowly worked on her soup.
“That’s a shock, isn’t it?” Frank finally said to Jill.
“Tell me about it.  That might explain the dream I had the other night,” Jill said.
“You mean you think you subconsciously knew what used to happen in our house?” Frank asked.
“Yeah.  Things like that are possible,” Jill said.
“But I doubt none of the hooker’s eyes were ever red,” Frank pointed out.
“Well I don’t know how to explain that,” Jill said.
“Do you really want to call that former hooker?” Frank asked.
“I’ll just take the number and think about it,” Jill stated.
Billie came back with their meals shortly.  She placed them on the counter.
“Here’s your dinner,” she said while reaching into her pocket.  “And here’s the number you wanted.” She handed them a small piece of paper.
Frank looked at it and put it in his shirt pocket.
“If you need anything, just holler,” Billie said and went to help other customers.
“How’s the hamburger?” Jill asked.
“Delicious.  How about your sandwich?”
“Pretty good,” Jill said and stopped eating for a moment.  “So when do you think we should call that woman?”
“We can try tonight.  See if she’s free tomorrow or Wednesday evening.  Do you want me to be the one to make the call?”
“If you’re more comfortable, sure,” Jill said.
Frank and Jill ate quietly.  They didn’t get any dessert.  After Frank had paid, he asked, “Do you want to do something or go right home?”
“Something like what?” Jill asked.
“Maybe a movie,” Frank suggested.
“I don’t even know what’s playing or how to get to the theater.  And I want to know if what Billie said was true.  A movie might take too long.”
“Then we’ll go home,” Frank said and opened the door for his wife.
The hostess smiled at them as they exited the restaurant.  Towards the end of their drive home, it began to get windy.  Frank commented that he felt the car move a little.  As soon as they got in the door of their house, Jill said, “So are you going to call?”
“Give me a minute for my mind to register that I’m even home,” Frank snapped.
“Sorry.  I just thought this was the perfect house when I first got here and I’ve heard or experienced only bad things since.”
“If this place really was a brothel, it was over thirty years ago.  Most people in town probably don’t even know.  And I doubt any of the hookers were murderers so it’s not like the ghost of someone killed is haunting this place.”
“I’d still like to talk to what’s her name,” Jill sighed.
Frank took out the paper Billie had given him and said, “Her name is Naomi.  And I’ll try her right now.”
Jill stood near Frank as he made the call.
“Hello?” a woman answered.
“Is this Naomi?” Frank asked politely.
“Speaking.”
“Uh, hi.  We were given your number by Billie who owns the diner in town.  She says her mother knows you.” Frank said.
“Yes.  Billie’s a great gal.  But what do you want from me?” Naomi asked.
“Well, I don’t want to sound intrusive, but she told us the house on Chester Street used to be a brothel in the sixties and we want more info,” Frank said.
“Are you the police?” Naomi asked, her tone becoming a little unfriendly.
“No,” Frank started to say.
“The FBI?” 
“No.  My name is Frank Mulberry.  My wife Jill and I bought that house and we were hoping we could meet with you to talk.”
Naomi paused for a minute.
“Are you there?” Frank asked.
“Yes.  Well, it’s true that I used to be a prostitute.  But I stopped that a long time ago.  I really don’t know what talking to me would do for you,” Naomi said.
“Well, I’d rather not say over the phone but a couple odd things have happened here and we...” 
“Okay.  Where do you want to meet?” Naomi interrupted.
“Wherever you want.  You could come here,” Frank suggested.
“I really don’t want to go back to that place.  But I’ll give you my address.  As long as you’re not the cops, you’re welcome to come to my house,” Naomi said.
“Hold on, let me get something to write with,” Frank said and motioned for Jill to get him a pad and pen.
Jill hastily found one and gave it to him.  Frank took down Naomi’s address and vague directions.  
“So when can she see us?” Jill asked as soon as Frank hung up.
“She said she doesn’t work anymore so anytime is fine.  She suggested tomorrow evening so I said okay,” Frank told her.
“Well I can’t wait.”
Frank looked at her a moment and then said “I’m gonna watch TV.  How about you?”
“Maybe I’ll try to write a little more.  I need to think about something other than this house’s history.”
Frank smiled and went to the living room.  Jill had been keeping her laptop in the kitchen so far, but she decided to take it upstairs.  In the sitting room across from their bedroom, would be the best place, she thought.
“I’m putting my computer upstairs,” Jill said, carrying it through the living room on her way to the stairs.
“Okay,” Frank said without looking at her.
Jill climbed the staircase and turned on the light in the sitting room.  She found an outlet and plugged in her computer.  Her computer buzzed to life and she opened her word processing program.  Instead of continuing what she had started of the novel, she decided to try a short story.  Jill loosely based it on what was happening at their new house.  In the story, a woman found some odd things happening and she believed they were caused by ghosts.  It turned out to be a former friend who she had a fight with years ago.  Jill wrote it to assure herself that there was a logical explanation for all the weird stuff that was going on in their new home.  The story was about eight pages.  Jill didn’t think it had taken three hours but when she finally checked her watch, she saw that it had.  She went out in the hall to hear the shower running.
Jill went into her bedroom and put her nightgown on.  She got under the covers and waited for Frank.  He wandered in shortly after.  He was only wearing shorts.  He was still drying himself with a towel.
“You’ve been busy writing, I guess?” he asked.
“Yeah, I wrote about eight pages.”
“Wow.  That’s a lot for one night.  Are you tired?”
“Kind of,” Jill answered.
Frank put the towel on a chair and got under the covers.  He shut out the light and then immediately began kissing Jill.  He was half leaning on her.  Jill knew she had turned him down the other night so she didn’t push him away.  The news about her house being a brothel didn’t exactly put her in the mood for lovemaking but she did anyway.  All throughout, Jill could hear the wind blowing loudly against the house and through the trees outside.  She wondered if a thunderstorm was coming.  Frank didn’t pay attention to the noise.  He took his time, as usual and when he finally got off her and tried to go to sleep, Jill felt restless.
The wind howled all night and it took Jill almost two hours to fall asleep.  When she finally fell asleep, most of her dreams took place in New York and in the apartment where they used to live.  The last thing she remembered before waking up was being in her old bed in the city.  It all felt very real so Jill was a little disoriented when she woke up to see the bedroom she hadn’t even been sleeping in for a full week.  She almost felt like she was still dreaming.  She turned over to say something to Frank, but he had already gotten up.
The clock read nine thirty.  He was probably already at work.  Jill went downstairs to have some cereal.  As she thought about what to wear for the day, she realized it was about time to do laundry.  She had been told a washer and dryer were in the basement but she hadn’t checked them out yet.  In all the excitement of moving in, she hadn’t gotten any detergent.  Maybe Mabel had some she could borrow.
She ate quickly and then threw on some old clothes to go next door.  She almost thought Mabel wasn’t going to answer, but she finally did after the third knock.
“Hi, sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you had any laundry detergent?” Jill asked.
“Sure, step in a moment,” Mabel said and backed up.
“Thanks.  I guess I forgot having just moved in last week,” Jill said sheepishly.
“It’s no problem.  That’s what neighbors are for.  I’d be willing to take you to the store again if there’s anything else you forgot,” Mabel said politely.
“Thanks for the offer but Frank and I are probably going out tonight.  We can stop on the way home,” Jill said.
“Alright.  Well let me get it for you,” Mabel said and disappeared into her house.
While she was gone, Jill wondered if she should ask Mabel if she knew that their house used to be a brothel.  Then she decided not to try upsetting her until she had more information from Naomi.  Mabel came back with a bottle of All.
“Just take the whole thing.  You can bring back whatever’s left when you buy some of your own,” Mabel said, handing Jill the detergent.
Jill took it.
“So I guess you’ll be busy for the next couple of hours,” Mabel said.
“Yeah, I haven’t been in the basement more than a moment yet.  I don’t even know if we have a vacuum or polish.  There’s so much to do even with the couches and tables already here,” Jill said.
“It reminds me when I first got married.  But I had fun filling up the house with all the ordinary stuff everyone needs.  I guess you will too,” Mabel said and smiled.
“Yeah, thanks again.  I’ll bring this back tonight if I don’t get home too late,” Jill said and started walking out the door.
“Don’t rush,” Mabel said kindly and closed the door after her.
Jill hurried back inside and upstairs.  She didn’t have a laundry basket she got what she could out of the hamper and carried it down to the basement.  Along the way, a couple socks fell out of the pile she was holding and Jill bent down to get them.
The basement smelled dank and the lighting was poorer than Jill would have liked.  There was a small rectangular window in one wall but it was caked with dirt.  Jill estimated the basement was half the size of the house.  Most of it was empty.  Jill noticed the furnace and power box.  When they were in the apartment, those things were never a worry.  Jill wasn’t mechanically minded and neither was Frank, so she hoped nothing went wrong too soon.  That would be a headache that would spoil the joy of a new home.
There were two washers and two dryers so Jill did a light wash and a dark one.  She separated the clothes on a table nearby.  After filling them and turning them on, Jill walked away from the appliances.  Jill was about to go upstairs when she heard a little girl laugh.  The sound actually seemed like it emanated from that very room.  But Jill was positive she was the only one down there.  Then Jill heard a scraping sound on the ceiling.  It sounded like something heavy was being dragged across the floor.  Jill suddenly became scared.
“Frank!” she yelled, checking to see if he was home.
No one answered her but Jill again got the feeling she was being stared at.  She became more afraid to stay in the basement than face whatever might be upstairs so she ran upstairs quickly, forgetting to turn off the light.  To Jill’s relief, the house was empty.  Maybe her mind was playing tricks on her or she was hearing noises from outside.  It also could have been something in the pipes, so Jill decided not to worry.
When it was time to put the wash in the dryer, Jill almost felt like leaving it till Frank came home.  But it wasn’t good to leave clothes that long and she wasn’t a fan of ironing if leaving them for hours made it necessary.  So she faced her nervousness and went downstairs again.  The stairs creaked under her feet as she descended.  She remembered a story she heard about a murderer hiding in someone’s basement.  That didn’t help her mood, so she scolded herself for thinking it.
When she reached the bottom, she hurried over to the machines and transferred the clothes as quickly as she could.  She hit the buttons and hurried back upstairs.  When they were done drying, she rushed the clothes upstairs instead of folding them on the table in the basement.  She felt better once they were folded and just needed to be put away.
Jill knew she would have to go in the basement many more times over the coming years.  She didn’t know why it made her so nervous.  She had just sensed a feeling in the air.  Like something sinister was lurking in the shadows.  Or some terrible evil had occurred down there a long time ago.  Anyway, the fact that it was so bare didn’t help her.  Carpets and wallpaper might assuage her negative feelings substantially.  She would have to bring it up to Frank.
Jill watched TV for the next few hours.  She usually didn’t watch soap operas but she did that day.  Frank came home as the news was starting.
“Hey, honey,” he said as he closed the door.
“Hey, sweetie,” Jill called, not turning away from the TV.
“Just relaxing?” he asked.
“I did the laundry today,” Jill told him.
“Great.  It’s been over a week since we left New York and did it,” Frank said and then thought of something.  “You found some detergent in your bags?”
“Mabel lent me some,” Jill said.
“You’re not giving the used detergent back.  You mean she gave you some,” Frank corrected with a grin.
“Fine, wise guy.  She gave me some,” Jill said and finally looked at him.
“Do you still want to drive over to Naomi’s?” Frank asked.
“You know I do.  And I also need some cleaning items I forgot to get before,” Jill said.
“We can stop somewhere on the way back,” Frank said and motioned for Jill to follow him out the door.
“What about dinner?” Jill asked.
“Why don’t we get something fast on the way over?” Frank suggested.
Jill agreed and was soon in the car.  They stopped at a McDonalds, ate quickly and left.  Even for the suburbs, the area they had seen so far was pretty densely populated.  There plenty of commercial buildings and residential homes.  As they drove towards Naomi’s, they noticed a lot more open space.  They passed some farms.  Naomi’s development was across the street from a dairy farm.
“Where does she shop?” Jill asked as Frank pulled up to Naomi’s house.
“She has to drive aways.  I guess she doesn’t mind,” Frank got out of the car.
Frank knocked on Naomi’s door and she opened it immediately.
“You two must be the Mulberry’s who called yesterday,” Naomi said.
Jill looked at her as they greeted.  If Jill didn’t know her, she would have guessed Naomi was about thirty-five.  But she had to be around sixty if she was old enough to be a prostitute forty years ago.
“Can I interest you two in a drink.  Red wine perhaps?” Naomi asked graciously once they were seated.
“I don’t know.  We don’t drink much,” Jill said.
“I’ll take some,” Frank said simultaneously.
Jill glanced at him and then added, “I’ll have a little bit, too.”
“Sure,” Naomi said and went behind a bar.  She brought out two crystal goblets and a bottle of French wine.  She poured the wine for them at the coffee table and set the bottle down near the glasses.
“If you two don’t mind, I won’t join you.  I had enough to drink already today,” Naomi said.
Jill nodded and took a sip.  The taste was pleasing to her.  Frank smiled uneasily.  Naomi forced a smile back.
“So I guess you want to ask how a nice girl like me got myself into being a prostitute?” Naomi finally broke the silence.
“Something like that,” Frank said.
“Well I grew up poor.  My mom and dad were always fighting and I just wanted to get away.  I tried college after high school but that only lasted a year.  I was bored.  I didn’t want to live at home again so I started looking around before my freshman year ended.  It’s a long, weird story but I ended up being offered the chance to live at a mansion that had just been built a few years before.  I guess that would be the mansion you’re living in right now,” Naomi paused.
“I’m sure it’s not a mansion by Jill’s standards,” Frank commented.
“Frank!” Jill whined.
Naomi gave a look like he should elaborate.
“Her parents are rich.  Her father’s the producer of several successful plays in New York City,” Frank said.
“Oh, well.  You must have done something right in your former life,” Naomi said.
“If I believe in that,” Jill said.
“Oh I definitely do.  We don’t always go straight to heaven or hell.  But that’s irrelevant right now,” Naomi said.  “So where was I?”
“You got to live in what’s now our house,” Frank helped her.
“Right.  I knew what kind of a place it was.  I was told that intercourse wasn’t mandatory unless I was comfortable with it.  And I always had final say over individual johns.”
“You mean some guys were turned away?” Frank asked.
“Yes.  We weren’t cheap.  Actually most guys wanted to stay the night and we let them for slightly more money.  They were mostly lonely men who were always traveling for their job or who were having marital problems.”
“Um, how many girls were there?” Jill asked.
“Well there were seven bedrooms not including the owner’s bedroom so…seven,” Naomi explained.
“Who was the owner?” Jill asked.
“When I started, it was a sleazeball by the name of Gary Drask.  I think that wasn’t his real name but it’s what we called him,” Naomi said.
“Where is he now?” Frank asked.
“Burning in hell I hope,” Naomi said and noticed the Mulberry’s expression.  “Sorry.  I know I haven’t been a good little girl either.  But he was awful.  He yelled a lot, especially if we acted too nice towards the clients.”
“Too nice?” Frank asked.
“Some of the guys wanted to talk, not just have sex.  And I did at first.  Some of the conversations were really interesting.  But that would make Gary mad.  He thought of us as mindless whores who were only worth something for our bodies.”
“Sounds like a great guy,” Jill said sarcastically.
“I would have left sooner, but I had nowhere else to go.  I had no potential husband and didn’t have the brains to make my own living working a legitimate job.  So I stayed,” Naomi said.
“For how long?” Frank asked.
“Until the place got shut down in 1970,” Naomi answered.
“It was shut down because people found out it was a whorehouse?” Frank asked.
“It wasn’t for that alone,” Naomi said and suddenly appeared more serious, like something had just troubled her.  She stared off into space for a moment.
“Naomi?” Frank asked.
“What?  Oh, have some more to drink.  There’s plenty,” she said, bringing her attention back to the situation.
“Why else did it get shut down?” Frank asked.
“I don’t know if I should tell you,” Naomi said.
“We came here for answers,” Frank pleaded.
“Well if you insist, some of the guys who came to use our services never left.”
“They were killed!” Jill said astonished.
“Or just disappeared,” Naomi said.
“Someone had to find them someday then!” Jill exclaimed.
“Nope.  They were gone,” Naomi said.
Naomi then noticed a look in Frank’s eye.
“Look, guys.  I’m not saying I killed any of them.  I’ve never killed anyone.  None of the girls I knew did either.”
“Then what happened to them?” Jill asked.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Naomi said.
“How many guys “disappeared” in all?” Frank said, making the quotes motion with his hand as he said disappeared.
“About fifteen.  Finally one of the guys was someone who had a sizeable political influence in the state.  They traced his last known whereabouts to us and that was the end of our business.”
“Did Gary kill those fifteen guys?” Frank asked.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if he did, but no,” Naomi said.
“Then what?” Jill asked, searching for an answer.
“Look, I’m getting tired and maybe I’ve said too much.  If you don’t mind, I have some things to do,” Naomi said, sounding less friendly than she had been so far.
“But…” Jill didn’t want to leave without knowing more.
“Look, will you take our number and call if you decide to tell us more?” Frank said.
“Alright, hon,” Naomi replied.
The three just sat there until Naomi said, “There’s a pad on that desk.”
Frank got up and wrote down their number for Naomi.  Jill reluctantly got up.
“Well we’re glad you saw us on such short notice,” Frank said, heading for the door.
“Sure.  Billie’s a great kid,” Naomi said.
“Bye,” Jill said sheepishly and followed Frank outside. 
“What do you think that was about?” Frank asked as he got into the car.
“I’m afraid to ask,” Jill said.
While they were pulling away, Jill noticed the curtains in one of Naomi’s windows move.  She must be watching them leave.
“Well they couldn’t all be dead,” Frank said trying to sound comforting.
“Well they couldn’t all have disappeared into thin air either,” Jill reminded him.
“Maybe the house ate them,” Frank joked.
“Just what I need to hear,” Jill said.
“Jill, so what if some bad things went down in our house.  It doesn’t mean anything bad will happen to us, right?  I’m glad we made the move up here.  Aren’t you?”
“Well I do kind of like being away from the congestion of the city.  But why couldn’t we have picked a nice normal house with a nice normal past?”
“I had no idea our house didn’t have a normal past,” Frank said.
“I’m not blaming you.  It’s just, well I can’t go anywhere so I might as well make the best of things,” Jill said.
“Good thinking.  So do you still need to get a vacuum or whatever?”
“Yes.  Thanks for reminding me,” Jill said.
Frank found a Walmart.  Jill was about to protest but then just went inside to get what she needed.  It was getting dark outside when they left the store.
Frank and Jill each helped carry the bags inside.
Jill commented after some silence, “It’s hard to believe that forty years ago, in the rooms upstairs, men were paying strange women to have sex with them.”
“They weren’t strange women.  I’m sure they were beautiful,” Frank said.
“I mean as in strangers,” Jill snapped.
“I know, honey.  Just trying to lighten the mood,” Frank said.
“Okay,” Jill sighed.  “Naomi sure looks good for her age, don’t you think?”
“Definitely.  If my mom looked like that, I’d have to worry about keeping all the men off her.”
“I don’t think Naomi’s still a hooker.”
“I didn’t say she was,” Frank replied.
“So what do you want to do?” Jill asked yawning.
“I don’t know.  What do you want to do?” Frank asked.
“Watch TV, I guess,” Jill sighed.
They went into the living room and turned on the TV.  Jill suggested a pay-per-view movie and Frank agreed.  Jill wanted a light comedy and Frank didn’t protest.  Halfway through, when one of the characters was buying a car, Jill spoke.
“That reminds me.  I want a car,” Jill said.
“Now?” Frank asked.
“No, dummy.  But soon.  I might like to try and get a part time job and I’m tired of waiting for you when I need to go to the store,” Jill said.
“You’re getting bored sitting home all day?” Frank asked.
“Yes, and if I get out a little, I won’t be dwelling on the fact a brothel used to be in here,” Jill said.
“I have no problem with you getting a car of your own, but can we afford one so soon?”
“I was thinking of getting a used one with money from my savings account,” Jill said.
“Sounds fine.  If you want, we can look tomorrow night or Thursday,” Frank said.
“Thanks.  But I pick what kind,” Jill said.
“I didn’t say anything,” Frank said.
“Okay, we’re missing the movie,” Jill said and tried to refocus on the TV.
Frank was quiet until the credits started playing.
“So what kind of a job do you want?” he asked.
“Maybe in a store or somewhere not too stressful.  Maybe twenty to thirty hours a week,” Jill replied.
“Sounds good,” Frank said.  “I’m gonna take a shower.”
“Already?”
“It’s almost ten.”
“Oh right.  I didn’t realize we got in so late,” Jill said.
“You’re a slow shopper.”
“Well I don’t just want to grab whatever I see without looking at it,” Jill said.
“As opposed to me not paying attention to what I buy?”
“I don’t want to get into this.  Go shower,” Jill ordered gently.
Frank ran upstairs.  Jill went to get some soda.  She usually didn’t like having soda so late at night but she did anyway.  She and Frank were asleep by eleven thirty.


Chapter Seven




Jill woke up about four in the morning to hear classical music playing again.  It was a different song than the other nights, not that Jill knew much about classical music.  She had no idea whether it was Beethoven or Bach or whichever of the famous classical composers it could be.  She felt nervous and curious but a strong urge told her to stay in bed, especially after what happened the last time she went downstairs in the middle of the night.
Jill tried to relax and think of something else.  The classical music played for at least five minutes.  Then Jill heard it stop.  She felt relieved, but that soon ended when a different piece started playing.  This song sounded angrier and more discordant.  She decided to wake Frank.  She nudged him in the side.
“I’m trying to sleep,” he grumbled without opening his eyes.
“Don’t you hear that?” Jill asked.
“I hear you bothering me while I’m trying to sleep,” Frank groaned groggily.
“I mean there’s music again,” Jill whispered.
“Jill, I have to get up for work in a couple hours,” Frank said, sounding more lucid.
“So you thinking I’m just worrying over nothing?” Jill asked.
“You got it,” Frank moaned and tuned her out.
Jill gave an exasperated sigh.  She laid in bed listening to the music for an hour.  Frank fell back to sleep.
The music showed no signs of stopping and finally Jill couldn’t resist finding out where it was coming from.  She gently got out from under the covers and tiptoed out into the hall.  The music kept playing and Jill could tell it was coming from downstairs.  As she reached the landing, she remembered her dream about the couple having sex in the bedroom.  She nervously turned to her left and was happy to see no light coming from under any of the doors.  She walked downstairs.
She sensed it was coming from the left so she went into the long narrow living room.  There was no radio or stereo visible but the music was definitely coming from somewhere in that room.  Jill looked around and then realized what she had thought was a solid end-table had a cabinet.  She walked over to it and opened the door.  It creaked loudly open to reveal an old fashioned radio playing the music she had heard.  Jill studied it a moment before turning it off.  It had to be from the forties or earlier.  She was surprised something that old would still work.
As she turned it off, she thought about how it started playing by itself.  Maybe it was on a timer, though she didn’t know if something that old would have had timer technology available to it.  She thought it could be reasonable that it was on a timer, maybe one someone added.  She hadn’t been awake every night so far in the middle of the night, so maybe it played a few hours every night and it didn’t always wake her up.
She closed the cabinet door, feeling better that it really probably was a timer instead of some ghost turning it on.  She was surprised when the room lit up like a spotlight was on it.  After a moment of panic, she realized it was headlights from outside.  The room quickly went dark again but Jill could still see lights through the window.
Someone beeped a car horn loudly and Jill jumped.
“What is going on?” Jill asked and walked to the window.
A car was on the street between her house and Adam’s.  She saw two figures in the car but not much else.  Then she saw Adam walk outside and get in the car.
“Where is he going at this hour?” Jill asked aloud.
She heard some talking and then the car sped away with a screech of the tires.  Jill shrugged her shoulders and went back to bed.  She was calmer now, but it took her over an hour to fall asleep.
She woke up about nine and felt like she was in a daze.  A strong lethargic feeling hung over her.  Probably since she had her sleep interrupted that night.  She had never been able to stay up all night and usually felt awful if she didn’t have the minimum number of hours each night, which was usually seven.
Nevertheless she forced herself out of bed and went downstairs to brew a pot of coffee.  As she was pouring it, the phone rang making her jump and spill some.  She put the coffee pot back in its place and answered the phone.
“Hi, Jill, it’s Becky!” Becky said happily.
“Oh, hi.  How are you?” Jill asked.
“Great.  Listen, I got your number from Larry and since I have off work today, I thought if you were bored you might like to do something?”
“Like what?” Jill asked.
“See an afternoon movie or go to the mall?” Becky suggested.
Jill hesitated a moment and then said, “Sure.  When do you want to leave?”
“Maybe I’ll pick you up about noon?” Becky asked.
“Okay.  You know how to get here?” Jill asked.
“I think so.  Larry told me the way.  See you soon,” Becky said and hung up.
Jill felt better she would have a girl to socialize with.  Frank got on her nerves sometimes.  Jill sipped the coffee slowly and relaxed until Becky arrived.  
Jill opened the door to find Becky wearing a denim miniskirt and low cut top.  She looked more like a teenager than in her mid twenties.
“Hi, mind if I look at your place first?” Becky asked gregariously.
“No, come in,” Jill backed up her to let her in.
“It’s huge and I’m only going by what I can see from here,” Becky said.
“Well let me show you around,” Jill said and led Becky through the living room into the kitchen.  When she opened the doors to the dining room, Becky gasped.
“That table looks like it belongs in a palace!” she exclaimed.
“I guess it came in handy when it was a bed-and breakfast.  If all the rooms were full, everyone could sit here,” Jill said.
“How many bedrooms are there?” Becky asked.
“Seven that are furnished,” Jill told her.
“Wow!  Ever think of renting one or two out?”
“We haven’t discussed that yet,” Jill said and led Becky through the dining room doors to the hall.  She showed Becky the other living room and game room, not mentioning there was a big basement.
“It’s so nice in here.  I like the purple,” Becky said of the game room.
“Yeah.  The only room where I have a problem with the color scheme is the dining room,” Jill said.
“It is kind of ugly,” Becky agreed.
“Maybe we’ll change it to pale yellow or something,” Jill said.  “But it’s only been a week.”
“You arrived one week ago today right?” Becky asked.
“Yep,” Jill said and led Becky back through the house and up to the second floor.  Becky was amazed at all the bedrooms.  She especially liked the bedroom with the antiques.  When Jill showed Becky the room which was the scene of her nightmare, she noticed the photo album wasn’t on the floor.  Jill remembered dropping it a few days ago.  She didn’t know where it could have gone, but didn’t want to worry about it with Becky there.
After finishing, they ended up back in the kitchen having some soda.
“So movie or mall?” Becky asked.
“Well a movie would be cheaper,” Jill said.
“You’re rich.  What difference does that make?” Becky asked.
“Well there’s nothing I need except more stuff for the house and I don’t want to drag you along for that,” Jill said.
“Then how about an action film?” Becky asked.
“Maybe, just not too violent.  You like those, anyway?” Jill asked.
“Larry got me into them,” Becky said.  “But it goes both ways.  I make Larry see a romance every once in a while.”
“Me and Frank usually compromise too,” Jill said.
“Well I know of one we can make if we leave now,” Becky said.
“Alright, let me get my purse,” Jill stated and got her purse from the living room.
Becky drove Jill to a rather small movie theater.  It had only five theaters.  Jill thought it was a little dumpy looking but didn’t say anything.  As they went in to their movie, they noticed the floor hadn’t been cleaned.
“The floor is sticky!” Becky commented.
“I know.  It’s disgusting,” Jill said.
They sat near the middle.  They had gotten a popcorn to share and their own diet Cokes.  So far the theater was empty and they thought they would have it to themselves, but then a few people came in right as the previews started running.
“Drat!  I thought it was going to be a personal showing,” Becky whispered.
Jill smiled and focused on the screen.  Jill didn’t like the movie that much.  She thought there was too much cursing and everyone was hostile towards each other.  She was glad when it was over.
“How did you like it?” Becky asked.
“Not so great.  Frank might have liked it better than I did,” Jill said.
“Yeah.  I’ve seen better action movies and I don’t love the genre so much that I’d love any movie in it no matter what,” Becky said.
“Yeah,” Jill said.
“Do you want a coffee?  I feel like talking,” Becky said.
“Sure.”
Becky drove her to the same place she and Frank had gone on their first night.  They sat in some comfy armchairs in a corner, away from the rest of the people.
“So how are you and Frank doing?” Becky finally asked as she sipped her latte.
“Okay.  Little arguments here and there but we get along,” Jill said.
“Good.  Has he mentioned Larry at all to you?” Becky asked.
“Not really.  Why?”
“Well I just have the feeling that something’s going on.  I asked Larry to dinner Monday and he said no.  He gave no good reason why not and it sounded like there was something he wasn’t telling me,” Becky said.
“It’s probably nothing.”
“Maybe.  I hope he’s not having an affair.”
“I doubt it,” Jill said automatically.
“Well he could.  Maybe he’s getting nervous about the marriage and the fact that he’ll only be with one person the rest of his life,” Becky said.
“Are you?” Jill asked.
“Am I what?”
“Nervous,” Jill said.
“No.  Larry’s the only guy in my life and I’ve been dreaming of my wedding day for years,” Becky said airily.
“Maybe he just felt like staying home that night,” Jill tried to be consoling.
“Yeah.  So how was it when you first got married?  Was it hard living with him?” Becky asked.
“I didn’t mind it,” Jill said.
“Did Frank date a lot before he got engaged to you?” Becky asked.
“Not that much.  He’s a good guy,” Jill said.
“Well I know Larry was in a fraternity.  I never went to college but I hear what some of those guys are like.  I hope I’m doing the right the thing,” Becky said.
“I think Larry and Frank are the better of the bunch,” Jill said.
“Yeah, but I was the one who made him propose to me.  I hope he’s ready,” Becky said.
“Well does he flirt with other girls now?” Jill asked.
“A little.  But I never thought it was anything.  Maybe I’m the one who’s not ready,” Becky said.
“When’s the wedding?” Jill asked.
“August 25th.  You and Frank are invited of course, but I just don’t want to make a mistake and then get divorced,” Becky said, sounding a little upset.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine.  Frank and I don’t feel fireworks every second but we’re far from getting a divorce,” Jill said.
“Yeah, I know,” Becky sighed and took a long drink from her coffee cup.
Jill took a couple more sips herself.
“Can you not tell Frank we had this talk?  I don’t want it to get back to Larry,” Becky asked, sounding like it mattered a lot to her.
“My lips are sealed,” Jill said.
“Thanks,” Becky smiled.
Becky was quiet for the rest of the time Jill spent with her that day.  Becky dropped Jill off at her house and didn’t come back inside.  Jill watched her pull out of the driveway, and then went in the door.
She didn’t know what made her go right to the kitchen but she was glad she did.  Between the stove and the island counter, there was a huge puddle of juice.
“How did this happen?!” Jill groaned and tried not to step in it.
She hadn’t given anyone the new key and Becky went right out with her earlier.  So Becky couldn’t have spilled it.  Jill grabbed a bunch of paper towels and did her best to wipe up the spill.  She began to get annoyed.  Too often, things like this were happening.  She wondered if it was Adam.  She didn’t want to accuse an innocent person, but she didn’t exactly trust him either.
She told herself she and Frank would confront Adam that night.  If it wasn’t him, they’d look like jerks.  That’s all.  As she finished wiping up the juice, Jill had a creepy thought.  She knew it was fruit punch, but it looked red like blood.  Jill found herself checking the carton in the refrigerator to make sure that’s where it came from.  To her relief, it was.  The level was significantly lower than she last remembered it.
She sighed and put the carton back.  The house was beautiful except for the bare room upstairs.  Too bad things like this kept spoiling her new home.  She looked at the clock and saw that she had been gone awhile.  It wouldn’t be much longer before Frank came home.  She went into the game room and played pool by herself until Frank came home.  She still wasn’t very good but she felt like she was getting a little better by the end of her session.
Frank walked in to see her hit a blue ball in the far left hole.
“Wow.  We’ll have to compete someday.  Winner gets to have the loser be his or her slave for the day,” Frank said.
“That’d be an interesting match,” Jill said.
“So I remember you were talking about a car of your own.  I found out about a used car dealer in town.  I can take you over now if you want,” Frank said pleasantly.
“There’s one thing I want to do first.  Or maybe I should wait until after,” Jill said.
“What?” Frank asked.
“Guess what I found in the kitchen today?” Jill asked.
“A mouse?” Frank asked.
“Thank goodness no.”
“Then I have no idea,” Frank said.
“Someone spilled our fruit punch on the floor,” Jill said.
“Who’s someone?”
“That’s what I want to find out.  I was thinking it might be Adam from next door,” Jill said.
“But we changed the locks didn’t we?  How would he get in?” Frank asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe he knows how to pick locks.  I have to know if it’s him so if it is I can yell,” Jill said.
“For his sake, I hope it’s not,” Frank said.  “I’ll go over with you.”
“I was going to ask that or I would have already gone.”
“Then let’s see if he’s there now,” Frank said.
Jill put the cue stick on the table and followed Frank outside.  They silently walked across the grass to their neighbor’s house.  Frank knocked loudly on the door.  No one answered at first.  Frank knocked again.
“You don’t have to break it down,” Jill whispered.
Suddenly, Adam was in front of them.
“Hi,” he said, shifting uncomfortably.
“Hi.  Your name’s Adam, right?” Frank asked.
“Yeah,” Adam answered.
“Do you remember us?  We moved in next door,” Jill said, trying not to sound mad.
“Oh yeah.  Was the party too loud that night?” Adam asked.
“No.  We came over because we think someone has been sneaking into our house to play pranks on us,” Jill said quickly.
Adam gave a blank stare.
“Do you know anything about it?” Frank asked.
Adam looked a little insulted and said, “Wasn’t me, man.”
“Do you know if anyone has been coming in?” Jill asked.
“Beats me.  What kind of pranks did they pull?” Adam asked.
“Leaving the milk out and spilling juice just today,” Jill said.
“Wow, guys.  I wouldn’t do that.  Some of my friends, maybe, but not me,” Adam said.
“So one of your friends did it?” Jill raised her voice.
“They don’t have a key.  You do lock your door, right?” Adam asked.
“Yes, of course,” Jill replied.
There was an uncomfortable silence.  Then Adam finally said, “Sorry.  I can’t help you out.”
“You sure you know nothing?” Jill said hotly.
“I believe him, Jill,” Frank spoke.
“Okay, well if you see anyone breaking in, tell us,” Jill said.
Adam nodded, seeming like he thought it was a strange command and shut the door.
Jill stormed away.  
“I really do believe it’s not him,” Frank said, following her.
“Then what the hell’s going on?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know,” Frank said.
“I don’t either.  Can I go look for a car now?” Jill said abruptly.
“I have to go back in to get my keys, but sure,” Frank said, not wanting to make her madder.
Jill was about to wait outside but then remembered she needed her wallet.  So she went in to get it and immediately came back out.  The afternoon had been sunny, but now clouds were coming in.  Being late in the day, it made things dark and dismal looking.  A cool breeze blew through the air, making the tree branches sway.
Frank came back out and opened the car door for Jill.  He closed it for her and went around to the driver’s side.
It started to drizzle halfway to the car dealership.  Jill groaned.
“Great.  I’ll get wet while looking,” she complained.
“Do you want to go back home?” Frank asked.
“No.  Go ahead,” Jill grumbled.
Frank found the car dealership easily.  As far as they could tell, they were the only customers.  As soon as they got out of their car, a middle aged man in a cowboy hat approached.
“Howdy.  You two looking for a car?” he asked.
“Yeah, my wife wants one of her own,” Frank said.
“Well I’m Jimmy and I’m here to help.  If you have any questions about anything you see, just holler,” he said.
“Thanks,” Frank and Jill said.
Jimmy backed off a little and Frank and Jill started looking.  It started to rain slightly harder but Jill and Frank didn’t mind.
“Do you have anything in mind?” Jimmy asked after awhile.
“Well I don’t want to have a big car payment to worry about so I want to pretty much pay for it.  I have ten thousand in my savings account but I don’t want to use more than half of that,” Jill said.
“But you don’t care what kind?” Jimmy asked.
“Well I want a four door.  Any color but red.  And I’d prefer power windows and locks,” Jill said.
“Okay, well I can show you one you might like,” Jimmy said and led them to a white car that Jill liked the looks of.
“It’s a 1999 Honda Accord.  It’s only got thirty thousand miles on it,” Jimmy continued.
“How much?” Jill asked.
“It’s forty eight hundred,” Jimmy answered.
“Can I sit in it?” Jill asked.
“Sure.  We can go for a test drive if you want,” Jimmy said.
“Maybe after I see more,” Jill said and Jimmy opened the door.
Jill sat and she liked the feel and look of the inside.  She got back out after a moment.
“There’s another that might be good for you,” Jimmy said and led them to a blue Dodge Neon.
“This is a 1998 Dodge.  It has sixty thousand miles but a new transmission,” Jimmy said.
“It looks nice,” Jill said.
“It’s fifty five hundred,” Jimmy said.
“What do you think, Jill?” Frank asked.
“Well I like the low mileage on the other one.  That has all original parts, right?” 
“Yep.  The lady who gave it to me took real good care of it.  She actually didn’t ask me to give her much for it so that price I gave is less than other places would ask.  She was a retiring schoolteacher who was moving to Florida to live with her daughter,” Jimmy said and paused, expecting them to say something.
“Well can I see how it feels driving?” Jill asked.
“Sure, sure.  I’ll be back in a jiff,” Jimmy said and hurried off.
“I’m not an expert on cars but I think the better deal is the Honda,” Frank said.
“Yeah, I just want to make sure I like how it drives,” Jill said walking back over to the Honda.
Jimmy came out with keys and handed them to Jill.  He got in the back seat and Frank got in the passenger side.
“Where should I take it?” Jill asked as she got in her side.
“Just around the block.  It’ll take about five to ten minutes,” Jimmy said.
The car rode smoothly and quietly and Jill was happy with it.  Jimmy started talking about his family during the ride.  Jill just nodded.
When they got back, Jimmy asked, “So do you want it?”
“Can I pick it up tomorrow?” Jill asked.
“You can take it home today if you’re ready,” Jimmy said.
“Well I have to go to the bank to get money out of my savings,” Jill said.
“You don’t need a loan?” Jimmy said.
“I don’t want one.  I can pay for it cash,” Jill said.
“Well let’s go in my office and talk it over,” Jimmy said and led them to a small building on the lot.  “Have a seat,” he said and pointed to two grey desk chairs.
Jimmy got some papers ready while Frank and Jill sat and waited.
“I just need to see your license,” he said as he took the papers to his desk.
Jill handed it to him and he looked surprised.
“Get out of here.  You’re from Manhattan?” he exclaimed.
“Born and raised,” Jill said.
“I have a brother who lives there now.  What section were you in?”
“Near Greenwich Village,” Jill said.
“So is my brother.  He’s an assistant professor at NYU,” Jimmy said.
“That’s where Jill went to college,” Frank said.
“What department is he in?” Jill asked.
“Anthropology,” Jimmy said.  “His name’s Robert Mensing.”
“The only anthropology class I took was intro,” Jill said.
“Oh, well I think he’s a great teacher.  He’s so smart.  Sure is the brains of my family.  But anyway, I’ll tell you what.  You two look like nice people and if you give me a thousand dollars tonight somehow, I’ll let you take it now and give me the rest when you can,” Jimmy said.
“That’s nice, but I don’t think there’s a thousand to spare in our checking account,” Jill said.
“You could charge it,” Frank suggested.
“But then I’d pay interest,” Jill said.
“Not if you pay it right away.  Don’t you always keep a card with a zero balance?” Frank said.
“Well I guess I could,” Jill considered.
“It’s up to you.  Did you just move up here?” Jimmy asked.
“Yeah.  Last week,” Jill replied.
“I hope you like our quaint little town.  Not as much to do as Manhattan but we’re nice folk.  Me, I moved here from Texas,” Jimmy said.
“Not surprising.  I didn’t think many people in New England wore cowboy hats,” Frank commented.
“Yeah, I know.  I have to keep some of my ways even though I’m up here, don’t I?” Jimmy said.
Jimmy and Frank looked to Jill for what to do next.
“Alright.  I’ll take it.  A thousand even for tonight?”
“That’ll do,” Jimmy said.
Jill signed some papers and the title.  Jimmy then printed an invoice and scanned Jill’s credit card.
“What kind of a warranty is there?” Frank asked.
“One year on everything,” Jimmy replied.  “Unless you want to buy more.”
“That’s fine,” Jill said.
When they were done, Jill said, “So I should come back with the rest tomorrow or the next day?”
“Take your time.  I trust you won’t run off to another state with it.  Anyway, since you already paid part of it, no one would come looking for you right away,” Jimmy said.
“So meet you home?” Frank said to Jill outside.
“Yeah,” Jill replied.
“Nice meeting you folks.  You picked a good one,” Jimmy said and went back inside.
On the way home, the drizzle turned into a downpour.  Jill was glad she wasn’t standing outside in that.  She kept in sight of Frank the whole way.  She hadn’t memorized the way over and didn’t want to get lost.
When she got home, Jill’s stomach was growling.  She remembered she hadn’t had dinner.
Frank heard it and said, “Ready for dinner?”
“I don’t know what I feel like though,” Jill replied.
“Want to order Chinese?” Frank suggested.
“Where’s the menu?” Jill asked.
Frank had put it in one of the kitchen drawers and he gave it to Jill.
She picked lemon chicken and steamed dumplings.  Frank called the restaurant and placed the order.
While they were waiting, they sat at the kitchen table, having soda.
“So now you’re not trapped in the house,” Frank said.
“I know.  I have to go grocery shopping soon.  Maybe tomorrow,” Jill said.
“Sure.  That car salesman was a nice guy, wasn’t he?”
“Seemed so.  I just hope I didn’t buy a lemon,” Jill said.
“My instinct tells me you didn’t,” Frank said.
The rest of the evening was uneventful.  As they were going to bed and shutting out the lights, Frank said, “Sleep well.”
“If that music doesn’t wake me again,” Jill said.
“Still think something’s up with that?”
“No.  I went downstairs last night and we have an antique radio in the living room.  It was coming from there,” Jill explained.
“By itself?” 
“Well I was thinking it was on a timer maybe,” Jill said.
“An antique?”
“I don’t know.  Do you want to go downstairs and look at it?” Jill asked.
“Maybe tomorrow,” Frank said and shut out the light.  “It doesn’t disturb me.  It’s not like it’s heavy metal blasting in the middle of the night.”
“Yeah,” Jill said and decided to mention Adam.  “And while I was down there, I happened to see Adam go out of his house and get into a car.”
“In the middle of the night?” Frank asked.
“Yes,” Jill said.  “Nothing’s open that I know of at four in the morning.  I wonder where he was going.”
“It’s not our business,” Frank said and noticed a look in Jill’s eye.  “So you think because he’s the kind of person to leave his house in the middle of the night, he’s the kind of person to sneak into ours and make us think we’re going crazy?”
“I don’t know.  That’s no reason to think that.  I just wish I had answers,” Jill said.
“Well we’ll find out sooner or later,” Frank said and kissed her on the lips quickly.  “Good night.”
“Good night,” Jill said and tried to go to sleep.
During the night, Jill was startled awake by a loud noise.  She heard muffled voices.  Her heart began to race and she tried to stay quiet.  She heard movement from downstairs.  It sounded like people were in the house.
“Frank,” she poked him in the side.
“What?” he groaned.
“Someone’s in our house!”
“What?” he woke up fully.
“Listen!” she whispered.
They both could hear male voices but not what they were saying.  
“You think it’s a burglar?” Frank asked.
“Could be.  What should we do?” Jill demanded.
“Could be the answer to why the milk was left out and those other things happened.  Let’s go down and get them!” Frank suggested.
“We’re unarmed!”
“I’ll find something,” Frank said, getting out of bed.
“Get my hairspray.  You can spray it in their eyes,” Jill said, getting up too.
“Not much match for a gun, but okay,” Frank said.
Jill held on to his arm and followed him out into the hall.  Frank went into the bathroom quickly and came out with Jill’s hairspray.  There was definitely someone in the house.  They could hear voices.
They crept downstairs, trying not to alert the intruders that they were coming.  Frank sensed they were in the game room so he led Jill to the left when they reached the bottom of the stairs.  Jill hoped they weren’t making a mistake as they approached the game room.  She was too young to die.
Frank turned the corner and saw two figures.
“Freeze!” he yelled.
“Oh shit!  Who’s that?” a young man said.
Frank turned on the light to see two teenage boys standing in the room.  They looked more afraid then he and Jill were.
“Don’t hurt us!” one of the boys, who was several inches shorter than the other pleaded.
“Who are you?” Frank demanded.
“Do you live here?” the other intruder asked.
“We do now,” Frank yelled.
“We’re really sorry.  We thought this house was still empty.  Honest,” the taller boy said.
“How’d you get in?” Jill demanded.
“Through the basement window,” the shorter one said.
Jill didn’t think anyone could fit through there but it seemed someone could.
“Why were you sneaking into a house you thought was empty?” Frank yelled.
“I don’t know.  We weren’t going to take anything, I swear!” the shorter one said.
“Yeah.  We just did it on a dare.  We thought it would be cool,” the tall one said.
“I think we should call your parents,” Jill said.
“Oh come on guys.  They’ll ground us!” the tall one said.
“Is this the first time you’ve been in here?” Frank yelled.
“Yes.  The first,” the tall kid said.
Frank looked at Jill like he didn’t know if he should believe them.
“You wouldn’t know anything about milk left out to spoil, would you?” Jill asked.
“What?” the short one asked, looking off guard.
Frank pushed Jill to the side and whispered, “Do you think they’re the ones?”
“I don’t know,” Jill whispered.  “How could we find out?”
“I have an idea,” Frank said and turned to the boys.  “So guys, it’s a little fall to the basement floor.  Why didn’t you come in through the kitchen door?  It doesn’t lock,” Frank said.
“There’s a kitchen door!” the short one turned to his friend.
“We should have looked better,” his friend said.
Frank knew they believed him.  He shrugged to Jill.
“Guys, there is no kitchen door.  We were making sure this is the first time you’ve broken in.  So is this like a thing among the high schoolers, to break into empty houses at night?” Frank said.
“Well it’s just this house has so much history.  We wanted to see if there was anything here,” the short boy said.
“Like what?” Frank asked.
“Like ghosts or dead bodies.  But I guess we were wrong.  It‘s just a regular house.  Please don’t call our parents,” the tall boy said.
Frank and Jill didn’t know what to do.  It wasn’t all that long ago that they were teenagers themselves.  Jill shrugged when Frank looked at her to decide.
“Okay.  Just tell your friends that someone lives here now,” Frank ordered.
“Yeah, thanks mister.  I’m Mike, by the way,” the tall one said.
“I’m Ralph,” his friend said.
“I’m Frank,” Frank introduced himself.
“Jill,” Jill reluctantly said.
“Sorry to wake you guys.  Can we go out the front door?” Ralph asked.
“Yeah,” Frank motioned for them to follow.
After they were gone, Frank said, “So do you think that explains what’s been happening?”
“What?” Jill asked.
“Some high schoolers have been sneaking in through the basement and maybe playing with our stuff?”
“Maybe.  But if they saw the refrigerator was full, wouldn’t that clue them in that someone lives here?” Jill asked.
“You know how kids can be.  I think those two truly thought it was empty but maybe someone else has been doing those things,” Frank said.
“I hope so.  I’d sleep better knowing that’s what it was,” Jill said.
“What’s the alternative?  Ghosts?” Frank asked.
“Something like that,” Jill said.
“You read too much,” Frank said and smiled.  “Let’s go to bed.”
“That was pretty nice of you not to call their parents,” Jill said as they went upstairs.
“I’m a nice guy,” Frank said.
“If you say so,” Jill said.
“Come on.  It’s only a ten year age difference,” Frank said.
“Does that mean you were bad as a kid?” Jill asked.
“I wasn’t bad,” Frank said as they reached the top of the stairs.  “I wasn’t an angel, either, but,” he added.
Jill smiled and went back into the bedroom.  Frank had left the hairspray downstairs and Jill didn’t remind him to bring it back up.  He thought about getting it as he lay down, but then decided to sleep and worry about it in the morning.


Chapter Eight




Jill slept well and woke up about the same time as Frank.
“You’re up earlier than usual,” he commented.
“I don’t know.  I just feel more rested,” Jill replied.
“I could go for one of your breakfasts before work, if it’s not too much trouble,” Frank said hopefully.
“I guess I could,” Jill agreed.
“I’m gonna take a quick shower first,” Frank said and got out of bed.
Jill lingered in bed a few moments and then got up.  She went downstairs and started getting everything ready.  The smell of bacon and eggs soon filled the kitchen.  Frank came downstairs dressed when it was about half done.
“Smells delicious,” he commented.
“Thank you.”
Frank sat and waited.  Jill poured him orange juice and milk and shortly after served him a plate of two scrambled eggs, three strips of bacon, and a piece of toast.  She made her plate and brought it to the table.
“So now that you have a car, are you going to drive someplace fun?” Frank asked.
“If you call the supermarket fun.  We’re getting low so I definitely have to go.  I’ll go to the bank and withdraw the cash even if I don’t go to the car dealership right away today.  Can you think of anything else we need?”
Frank thought a moment.  Then he answered, “I don’t know.  You think about it.”
They ate silently until Frank said, “So I hope nothing else strange will happen now that the kids of the town should know someone lives here.”
“I hope you’re right,” Jill said, even though some things that had transpired and that people had mentioned still bothered her.
After finishing, Frank kissed her good-bye and then left for work.  Jill put the dishes in the sink but didn’t wash them right away.  She hadn’t gotten dressed for the day yet so she did that next.  She was sure the supermarkets were open pretty early so she left about eight-thirty.
To her delight, she found a parking spot right near the entrance.  It didn’t seem too busy that morning.  As she was in the drink aisle, something out of the corner of her eye caught her attention.  She looked up to see Naomi pass by the aisle pushing a wagon full of food.  Their eyes met but neither said hello.
Jill remembered their conversation of the other day.  She was sure Naomi hadn’t told them something important.  Jill wanted to know more about the men who disappeared, but didn’t know how to approach Naomi about it.  Naomi didn’t come down the aisle Jill was in and Jill didn’t rush after her.  They had each other’s numbers so she figured one of them would make a call soon.
Jill tried to focus on remembering what else she wanted to buy in the supermarket.  As she was pushing her wagon to a register, she looked over to see Naomi leaving the supermarket.  Jill couldn’t help but feel a little resentful that Naomi had left them hanging like that.  But she just carried on with her business.
It was still way before noon when Jill got home.  Since she had bought detergent, she decided to return what Mabel had given her.  Mabel answered the door quickly.
“Just bringing this back,” Jill said.
“Thank you, dear,” Mabel said as she took the bottle from Jill.
Mabel sensed something was on Jill’s mind so she said, “Everything going okay over there?”
“Yeah, I guess,” Jill said while trying to decide whether to mention the kids breaking in or not.  She didn’t have much time to stand there so she decided that she would.  “Last night, we found two teenage boys snooping around our house.”
“You’re kidding?” Mabel seemed astonished.
“No, they came in through the basement.  I think we scared them more than they scared us.  They were under the impression the house was empty,” Jill said.
“What did you do with them?” Mabel asked.
“Nothing much.  Frank was easy on them.  Just told them not to come back.  They were only fifteen or so.  I don’t think they were dangerous,” Jill said.
“When I was that age, I would never have broken into a house, empty or not,” Mabel said.
“Yeah, well.  I was thinking it was a relief if that explains why those things happened,” Jill said.
“What things are those?” Mabel asked.
“The milk left out twice and stuff.  Did I tell you already?” Jill asked.
“Yes, I believe I remember you mentioning it.  Well, as long as you’re safe,” Mabel said.
“Say, we should have you over for dinner one night,” Jill said.
“That’s very nice of you.  Most young people today don’t want to be friendly to their neighbors.  Especially an old lady like me,” Mabel said.
“Well I want to be happy here,” Jill said.
“Whenever you decide on definite plans, let me know.  I don’t go out much so I should be available,” Mabel said.
“Sure, maybe this weekend.  Bye,” Jill said and left.
Mabel smiled and closed the door.
Jill went back home.  She had bought a container of fruit salad so she ate half of it for an early lunch.  Then she went to the bank and took out four thousand dollars in hundreds.  After she dropped it off to Jimmy, she felt better.  This was the first car that was truly her own.  She had gotten her license at eighteen but not bothered with a car since she lived in the city.  Frank had a car since he went to college in Connecticut and she had borrowed his on occasion after they met.  Now she could come and go as she pleased, instead of having to ask someone.  And especially around here, a car was essential to get anywhere.  She was glad she hadn’t gotten a big loan to finance an expensive new car.  A part time job wouldn’t pay enough for extravagance and she wanted time to concentrate on her first novel.  She decided to start the job search tomorrow.  She wasn’t going to be too choosy about the job.  She just wanted some extra cash that she could do what she wanted with.
Jill almost went for a drive, but she had nowhere in mind to go so she went back home.  Since it was such a nice day, she took a book to the backyard again and read in the sun.  Frank came home while she was still out there.  At the supermarket, she had bought over a hundred dollars worth of groceries so she offered to cook something better than usual for the two of them.  Frank had no preference so Jill decided on fettuccine alfredo with chicken.  She had bought the sauce and pasta so she just had to put it together.  Frank was impressed.
After dinner, Jill went upstairs to write and Frank watched TV all night.  They went to bed around midnight.  Jill quickly fell into a deep sleep.

She opened her eyes to find herself in the room with the fake fireplace.  The sun was shining in the window.  She immediately felt disoriented and nervous.  She wasn’t sure if she was dreaming or awake.  Everything about the room seemed in order like reality, but she was aware that she should be in bed in the middle of the night with Frank next to her.  There was a sense of permanence to the room, whereas her other dreams she sensed everything could fade and she could wake up at any moment.
Jill got up and was about to go into the master bedroom to make sure it was a dream.  Halfway to the door, an unfamiliar young woman opened the door and entered.
“There you are, Veronica.  Sleeping in the middle of the day?” the young woman asked.
“Huh?” Jill responded instinctively.
“That guy wear you out last night?” the woman said.
“Who are you?” Jill asked.
“You know who I am, silly,” the woman said.
Jill just stood there.
“I’m Phylicia Anston and you’re Veronica Davenport.  Are you awake now?” the woman said.
“I guess,” Jill shrugged.
“Well come downstairs.  Lunch is ready,” Phylicia said.
Jill complied.  She noticed some differences as she walked through her house.  The walls seemed newer or more freshly painted.  When she went downstairs, there was an old fashioned black and white television where their new color TV should be.
Jill realized she had to be dreaming.  Jill followed Phylicia into the dining room.  Jill was greeted by five attractive young women scattered around the table.  One of them looked like Naomi, only younger.  Jill stood there a moment.
“Are you okay, Veronica?” a blonde with a large bosom asked.
“Yeah,” Jill said and sat at the nearest seat.
Like the earlier dream where everyone was calling her Miss Stone, she was supposed to be someone else in this dream.
Jill was silent and the girls around her carried on their private conversation.  A butler that was different than in her previous dream poured her water and handed her a plate.  There was a sandwich on it that looked delicious.  Jill didn’t think there’d be any harm in trying in it, so she did.  Usually she couldn’t taste much when she ate in dreams, but this one had the full flavor of a real sandwich.  Jill knew dreams were only supposed to be a couple minutes each, so she was expecting to wake up soon.
A couple minutes went by and the dream didn’t end.  The other girls continued to talk to each other.
The blonde who she was seated across from, kicked her gently in the leg and said, “You’re awfully quiet today.”
“I’m just tired,” Jill thought of something to say.
“Did last night’s client make you stay with him all night?” the blonde asked.
Jill began to realize what was going on.  The news about the house being a brothel must have gotten to her.  All the women at the table must be prostitutes, including herself.  She was dreaming that it was the sixties and she was imagining what the brothel used to be like.  That would explain the old TV in the living room.  Jill looked better at the girl who looked like a younger Naomi.  If she had to guess what Naomi looked like in her twenties, she was staring at what her guess would be.
“Naomi?” Jill said.
Naomi stopped talking to one of the others and said, “Yes, Veronica?”
Jill didn’t really have anything to ask so she said something she knew was lame.  “How are you today?”
Some of the girls giggled.
“Fine,” Naomi said and eyed her a moment.  Then she went back to her conversation.
Jill didn’t know how long she had already been dreaming, but it felt like at least five minutes.  She told herself to wake up.  It didn’t work.  So she finished her sandwich.
She was about to get up, when a surly looking man stormed in.
“Alright you whores, which one of you had the engineer last night?” the man said.
The room became silent.
“One of you better speak up!” the man growled.
“I did!” a girl to Jill’s right finally spoke.
“Where’s the rest of the money you owe me?” the man yelled, sounding intimidating.
“I gave you the forty dollars,” the girl cried.
“Ally, Ally, Ally.  You’re lying.  I have word you were given a hundred dollar tip.  You know what the rules about tips are,” the man, who Jill assumed was Gary, said.
“I’m sorry.  I’ll give you your share,” Ally said, sounding scared and remorseful.
“Sorry’s not good enough,” the man rushed over to where she was sitting and grabbed her arm.
“Leave her alone!” Jill yelled.
Everyone in the room looked at her like she made a big mistake.  Jill sank lower in her chair.
“Stay out of this, Veronica!  This is between me and this deceitful little whore,” he said forcing Ally to her feet.
Jill felt herself getting angry but did nothing.  It was a dream, but Jill didn’t know if that meant she should or shouldn’t do anything about what was happening.
“Please!  I won’t do it again,” Ally begged.
“Shut up,” the man shoved her out the door to the hallway.
He came back in a moment to yell at the remaining girls.  “I want all you bitches to carry on like nothing happened.  I have a problem to take care of.”
Then he slammed the door shut and Jill heard yelling that got fainter as the two moved away from the dining room.
“Was that Gary?” Jill asked.
“Who else would he be?” the blonde asked.
“He should be locked up!” Jill exclaimed.
“Like what we’re doing is legal,” the blonde said, not sounding shocked by Gary’s behavior.
“But still!” Jill yelled.
“What do you expect from a pimp?  He doesn’t like being called that, but that’s what he is,” Naomi said.
Jill remembered that if she was imagining the dream correctly, it was the sixties and men got away with more back then.
Jill felt bad for Ally but stayed where she was.  There probably had been no girl named Ally in the real past so no one was actually getting hurt.  Jill wished she would wake up already.  But she didn’t.  Slowly, the girls started getting up from the table and going out into the rest of the house.  Jill did the same.
Jill tried to remember tricks for getting out of bad dreams, but her mind was a blank.  Maybe if she went outside and walked away from the house, she’d see that it didn’t match the neighborhood she really lived in and she’d wake up.  
As she opened the door, the blonde came over and said, “Where do you think you’re going, missy?”
“Out,” Jill answered.
“You know we can’t leave without permission,” the blonde gently scolded.
“What do you care, Marilu?  You’re her best friend all of a sudden?” Naomi asked, observing them.
“Well it’s just Gary’s already mad today.  I don’t want him to flip out at someone else,” Marilu said.
Jill decided to stay and abandon the idea of leaving the house, for now.  This dream was too realistic for her comfort.  She also wasn’t used to this much conversation in her dreams.  Throughout the meal, all the girls were having the kind of conversations that people might actually have.  Also nothing out of the ordinary, like objects disappearing or changing which would indicate she was dreaming, happened.
Naomi noticed Jill was standing at the door just thinking.
“You feeling okay, Veronica?” she asked.
“Fine,” Jill said and began to get impatient.
She wanted her real bed.  She wanted to wake up next to her husband.  She didn’t want to be a hooker in the sixties any longer.  She was about to go to her room, but remembered Gary probably had the master bedroom in the sixties.  Seeing how irascible he was, she didn’t want to go in there even if it was a dream.
She sensed the other girls were staring at her for just standing there so she went upstairs to the bedroom where the dream started.  After a moment of not knowing what to do, she began to open drawers.  None of the clothes or personal belongings were Jill’s.  She also hadn’t seen her reflection yet.  She wanted to know if she looked like Jill Mulberry or someone else.
The welcome sight of a small mirror greeted her when she surveyed the room better.  She ran over to it and was disappointed.  The woman she was looking at had black hair and greenish eyes.  Her facial features were more delicate and glamorous than Jill’s.  Jill sighed and looked away.  She didn’t remember ever having a dream this long.
It struck her as remarkable that it still felt like reality.  It felt like she was awake, but she knew that would be impossible.  She wondered what the cause of this dream was and couldn’t wait to go back to being herself.
What seemed like a couple hours passed.  Jill was bored.  She hoped she hadn’t fallen into a coma.  Though she didn’t know for sure what happened while people were in comas, she had read once they were in some other state of mind they couldn’t get out of.  She sure didn’t think it was normal for a dream to be this long.  She prayed some loud noise outside would wake her up.
After getting bored and letting her thoughts wander for what seemed like forever, she went downstairs.  A young unshaven man was talking to one of the other prostitutes.  The girl was mentioning taking him up to her room when the man’s eyes met Jill’s.
“Wait a minute,” the man said.  “I want her instead.”
Jill hoped to God he didn’t mean her.  She looked behind her and was dismayed to find no one there.
“Me?” Jill said weakly.
“Yeah.  You’re my type of woman,” he said.
Jill began to get nervous.  The man was attractive, but in a sleazy way.  Dream or no dream, Jill had no desire to do anything sexual with him.  Even if it was a dream, it would be like cheating on Frank.  And she would never have sex with a guy she’d only met a few minutes before.  But in the dream, she was a prostitute who did sleep with guys she just met.  Jill was unsure of what to do.
The man smiled at her.  The girl he had been talking to shrugged and walked away.
“I’m really not feeling good tonight.  You should stick with your first choice,” Jill said coming down a few steps.
“Not feeling good?  I can make you feel better.  A lot better,” the man said coming closer to Jill.
Jill felt her defenses going up.
“Sorry.  I can’t tonight,” Jill said.
The man looked annoyed.
“You do work here, don’t you?  And I’m a paying customer, so I think you’re gonna,” the man said assertively.
Jill felt like smacking him.  She looked to one of the others for help.  Marilu had come over and was staring at Jill like she was out of her mind.
“What are you doing?” she mouthed to Jill.
Jill glared back.  She stalled by saying, “You have protection, right?”
“Why?” the man demanded.
The dream was turning into a nightmare.  If the man forced himself on her, it would be like being raped.  
“So how about it, doll?  You come to your senses yet?” the man said as he came towards Jill.
He leaned over to kiss her and Jill screamed, “No!”
“No?” the man said.
“No?!” Gary who had just walked in, hollered.
Jill felt her heart sink at the sight of Gary.
“What’s going on?  I come here looking for a good time and this bitch is giving me trouble,” the man complained to Gary.
“Veronica.  Do your job,” Gary said.
“But I’m married!” Jill blurted out.
“What?” Marilu and the man exclaimed.
“Married?” Gary yelled.  “When did this happen?  You never mentioned being married.”
“A year ago,” Jill said.
“Well it didn’t bother you for the past year.  It bothers you now?  And how come I never met this husband of yours?” Gary yelled.
Jill was speechless.
“Just as I thought.  Lying.  That’s two in one day,” Gary said, grinding his teeth.
“So am I gonna get lucky or not?” the man demanded.
“If Veronica’s the one you want, she’s the one you’ll have.  Take a seat in the other room and I’ll be with you in a moment.”
The man muttered and walked off into the other room.
“Veronica.  What’s going on?” Gary yelled menacingly.
“I don’t feel like doing this any more,” Jill said.
“Tough,” Gary dismissed her statement authoritatively.
Jill wished she could beat him up, but if this dream was as in reality, Gary would most likely be stronger.
“Well this is America and I don’t have to take this abuse!” Jill yelled, deciding to argue.
“From now on, no more TV.  You’ve been watching too much,” Gary said.
Jill decided she had to leave the house.  Dream or not, she wasn’t going to stand around and argue with someone like Gary or be groped by that guy.  Gary saw her moving towards the door, and grabbed her forcefully.
“That’s it!” he yelled and dragged her upstairs.
Jill yelled but Gary was stronger.  She fought to get out of his grasp but couldn’t.  Some of the girls came to the hallway to stare at the commotion.  Gary opened the door to the sitting room and shoved her in.  Jill expected to see the room as she knew it, but instead it looked like a prison.  The floor was bare and there was no furniture.  The walls were dirty.
“You can spend the night in here, tramp!” Gary screamed and slammed the door.
Jill ran to open it but it was locked from the other side.  Jill banged on it but Gary didn’t open it.  Then the lights suddenly went off and Jill was left in utter darkness.
Jill knew one thing.  She hated Gary Drask.  Whether or not he was that mean in reality or her mind was making it up, she loathed him.  He stood for all the things women had fought against.  After fuming for a few minutes, she realized there was no point in getting so worked up over a dream.  She had to be waking up any moment now.
Once again, Jill’s intuition was wrong.  She didn’t wake up.  She began to wonder if she had stepped into some alternate reality.  This was no ordinary dream.  The only thing was how could she get back to the reality she knew?
As the time went by and Jill sat in complete darkness, she began to think about Frank.  She thought he could be jerky sometimes but compared to Gary, he was wonderful.  He would never talk to her the way Gary and that guy downstairs talked to her.  She began to feel thankful to have a guy like him.
When the door wouldn’t open after what felt like an hour, Jill had an idea.  She would close her eyes and try to sleep.  Then she would have to eventually wake up in her own bed.  She didn’t feel sleepy however.  She just sat there, leaning against the wall trying to keep her mind blank.  After a long time, Jill sensed some light shining on her.
Her heart raced thinking she was awake, but when she opened her eyes, her heart sank.
Marilu was standing at the door looking sympathetic.
“I talked Gary into letting you sleep in your own bed,” she said consolingly.
“What?” Jill said.
“It’s okay.  You can come out,” Marilu said gently.
Jill stood up and was relieved to be out of the prison-like room.  
“Do you want to talk?” Marilu asked once they were in the hall.
“Sure,” Jill said.
“Let’s go to your bedroom,” Marilu said and led her through the upstairs hall.
Jill passed Naomi leading a man upstairs.  She silently looked the other way.
Once they were in Jill’s, or Veronica’s room, Marilu said, “You put up quite a fight there.”
“Well I had no choice,” Jill said.
“You didn’t like that guy that wanted you?” Marilu asked.
“Well I thought we were allowed to choose the guys we slept with,” Jill said.
“You know that’s only if Gary agrees they’re ugly or something.  You did think he was cute, right?” Marilu asked.
“I don’t know.  So what happened to him?” Jill asked.
“I did him,” Marilu said simply.
“You?  Why?” Jill asked, disappointed in Marilu.
“Relax.  He was fine.  You shouldn’t have said no,” Marilu said.
“But women aren’t just sex objects.  How can you just sleep with men and never see them again?” Jill pleaded.
Marilu looked amused.  “You do that too, silly.”
“But,” Jill was exasperated.  Marilu thought she was Veronica Davenport, not Jill Mulberry.  Jill wondered if any of the hookers really were named Veronica Davenport or Marilu.  She would be amazed if they were.  Marilu seemed sweet, almost too sweet to be in a business like this.  She seemed like the stereotype of the dumb blonde.
“But what?  Where else would either of us go anyway if we weren’t doing this?” Marilu asked.
“Get a job,” Jill said.
“Have you been talking to one of those feminists?” Marilu asked.
“What year is this?” Jill asked, feeling frustrated.
“1963,” Marilu replied.  “Honestly Veronica, if you don’t know what year it is, you must really not be feeling well today.  Anyway, I told Gary you got that way because it was your time of the month, so he calmed down.  He doesn’t understand stuff like that anyway,” Marilu said.
Jill sighed.  Marilu was hopelessly old-fashioned.  She didn’t expect women to have careers or be smart.  She wished this dream would end.  All of a sudden the lamps dimmed and there was a rumbling noise.
“Uh-oh.  Ike’s upset again,” Marilu said and began to back away from Jill.
Jill suddenly became afraid.  She sensed an evil presence in the house.
“Who’s Ike?” she asked and the next thing she knew she was in her king sized bed sleeping next to Frank.  She never felt so happy to be awake.
Jill immediately leaned over and hugged Frank.  He smiled and stirred.
“What’s that for?” he asked.
“Nothing.  I just love you,” Jill said, still holding him tight.
Frank turned to face her and hugged her back.
“Did you just have a nightmare?” he asked.
“God, yes.  I’m so happy it’s over,” Jill said.
“Well I didn’t notice you stirring or mumbling in your sleep,” Frank said.
“It was pretty awful,” Jill said.
“Well you’re okay now,” Frank kissed her quickly.  “I have to get up soon.”
Jill just then realized it was morning already.  The sun was starting to rise.  Had she been dreaming all night?  In the dream several hours passed.  Jill knew sometimes dreams that you think are very long are very quick in real time.  But this one was different.  It was like she was there.  She didn’t remember any other dreams she might have had that night.  No matter how long she was actually dreaming, it had upset and intrigued her.  She felt like talking to Naomi about it.  She could ask about the other prostitute’s names.  She had heard three to check up on including herself.
As Frank got out of bed, he asked, “So do you want to tell me what the dream was?”
“Oh, I dreamt I was in our house when it was a brothel,” Jill said.
“Really?  Naomi must have had an impact on you,” Frank answered.
“Yeah.  But one strange thing was it felt like reality and hours passed in the dream and it actually felt like hours,” Jill said.
“I don’t know what to tell you,” Frank shrugged his shoulders.  “I guess I won’t make you cook me breakfast this morning in case you’re upset.”
“Thank you,” Jill said.  “I don’t want to get out of bed yet.”
“Okay,” Frank said carrying the clothes he was going to wear into the hall and to the bathroom.


Chapter Nine




Jill stared at the ceiling for a while.  Until she moved into her new house, she had had average uninteresting dreams.  Now she was having nightmares and dreaming she was someone else.  She didn’t feel stressed about the move but maybe she really was and didn’t realize it.  Or, a more chilling thought crept into her head, maybe there was a spirit or force in the house causing them.  She felt a presence right before she woke up.  It was similar to what she sensed when she thought she saw a woman in one of the bedrooms.  She still didn’t know if anyone had died in the house.  The old lady probably did, but that was from old age, Jill assumed.  She was almost afraid to find out more because if it turned out there were spirits of dead people in the house, she wouldn’t want to live here anymore.  And then where would she go?
About half an hour after she heard Frank close the front door and drive away, Jill got up.  She had bought oatmeal the day before so she made that when she went downstairs.  She wished she had some magazines or a newspaper to read.  But she only had her books which she didn’t feel like getting into right then.
Jill decided to clean a little.  The furniture in the living rooms was getting a little dusty.  So she retrieved the polish and duster from the cabinet she put them in, got paper towels and set to work.  She started in the living room with the TV and did a thorough job.  Then she moved to the long, narrow living room.  After she was done, she sat and rested a moment.  Her eyes suddenly felt heavy.  She felt her head falling forward from fatigue.  She tried to fight the lethargic feeling.  The feeling continued for a minute and then she suddenly got the urge to look in the game room.  She didn’t know if something was wrong in there or what, but she felt she had to get in there quick.  So she got up off the couch and walked towards the back of the house.
When she entered she was shocked.  Not by anything in the room itself, but by what she saw outside through the glass door.  It was snowing heavily.  There were several inches on the ground, making the entire backyard and trees white.
“What the…,” Jill murmured and moved toward the doors.
She couldn’t have fallen asleep so fast so how could there be a blizzard in June?  It was eighty degrees the day before.  And she hadn’t noticed any snow outside when she was in the kitchen.  Jill pulled open the glass door.  A cold icy wind blew at her.
Was this some sort of hallucination?  And if so, what caused it?  Jill had shoes on so she stepped into the snow.  It felt real, both on her feet and what was falling on her skin.  She had the desire to go around to the front of the house and see if the street was snow covered too.  She walked quickly around the side of the house and became more nervous.
Not only was it snowing there as well but there was a car that had to be at least thirty years old in the driveway.  It was partially cleaned of snow, but it was larger and had more rectangular edges than modern cars.  She rushed over and looked at it better.  It was faded red and solid to the touch.
Jill looked next door.  A car that wasn’t Mabel’s was in her driveway.  She suddenly began to feel very chilled and wanted to get back inside.  As she ran back inside, she was half expecting the house to have different furniture but she was greeted with the familiar surroundings as she knew them.  Their TV and DVD player were in the next room.
Jill didn’t know what was going on, but she was almost sure she was awake.  Unless she had fallen asleep instantly on the couch and was still dreaming.  Jill felt her heart beating loudly in her chest.  If she was awake, she was seeing things.  There couldn’t really be a snowstorm outside.
Jill opened the front door again to see what was there.  The warm air and green grass she saw was a welcome sight.  So what had just happened?  She heard of daydreams before but never had one so vivid.  She had felt the cold air.  Everything had seemed so real, like some winter days when she had been in the country.
Feeling a little unsettled, she went in the kitchen and got herself a drink.  She sat at the table and gulped it down.  She thought about what she just experienced.  When she saw the old car, it gave her the feeling like she was dreaming she was back in time again.  The car looked like it was from the sixties or seventies though that was all Jill was certain of.  As she finished her drink, a part of her hoped she would wake up on the couch.  Having this be a dream while asleep would be better than seeing things while awake.
But Jill did not wake up on the couch.  She suddenly had to do something productive.  After contemplating the matter for a moment she decided to drive to the store to get a newspaper.  She would look at the want ads, maybe make a few calls, and see if there was anything to do online concerning a job search.  She quickly got her purse and keys and left the house.
A convenience store was a couple minutes away and Jill stopped there.  The lady in front of her in line was buying fifty lottery tickets.  She noticed Jill staring like that was excessive.
“It’s fifty million this week.  I have to give myself a decent chance,” the lady said, sounding pleased with herself.
Jill nodded.  She knew that even fifty chances out of millions wasn’t good odds.  But she didn’t say anything about that to the lady.  After the lady left, Jill placed the newspaper on the counter and paid the clerk for it.  She drove right home and immediately looked at the help wanted section.
She saw some ads for nannies and day care workers.  It brought forward her feelings about having children.  She wasn’t very young any more and as long as the child could be well supported she wouldn’t mind having one.  But she also had no problem waiting a few more years.  She didn’t mind married life with no children.  Though she definitely wanted at least one kid by the age of thirty-five.  Jill thought about applying for one of those jobs.  It might give her practice for when she became a parent.
She circled a better paying one with a pen and looked on.  She saw some positions she wasn’t qualified for like medical billing and typically male jobs like construction worker.  There were also some low paying retail jobs and counter help at a couple delis.  Jill might not mind them.  Frank was the one paying the mortgage.  So she didn’t have to worry about supporting herself.
Jill circled a few more ads and then went to the phone.  The first call for a nanny job, she was informed the position was filled.  The day care place wanted someone with experience.  Two of the retail jobs were still open.  Jill asked about an application and she was told to fill one out online if she had the internet available.  She said she would.
She had written down the websites when the people she spoke with gave them to her.  She took the info upstairs and turned on her computer.  She was in the middle of filling out the first one when she got an instant message from fungirl78.
‘What’s up’ was on the screen.
‘Hi, Samantha,’ Jill typed.
‘Hey.  Still enjoying life up in New England?’ Samantha wrote.
‘Yes.  I just got my own car and will try to look for a part time job’ Jill typed.
‘Great.  That’s good for you.  I wouldn’t want to sit home all day.  Especially with no place to walk to’
‘Yeah.  I’m filling out online applications right now.’
‘Do you want me to call you later?’ Samantha wrote.
‘That’s okay.  How’s Rick?’ 
‘Not that great.  I think we’re losing interest in each other’ Samantha typed.
‘Well do what you think is right’ Jill wrote.
‘So is it too soon for visitors?’ Samantha asked.
‘Why?’
‘Because I’m getting two weeks off work and need something to do.  If you don’t mind, I’d love to see your new house and the town you live in.’
Jill was happy at the news.  She hadn’t wanted to cut things off completely with the people she knew in New York.  She assumed Frank would be okay with it.
‘It might be okay.  We have five extra bedrooms so space certainly wouldn’t be a problem,’ Jill typed.
‘Five?  You didn’t tell me there were that many!’
‘There are.  We’re only using the biggest but the others have furniture from former owners.’
‘Then I might drive up next week.  I’ll only stay for a week, maximum.  I want to do something else the second week,’ Samantha typed.
‘Great.  I can’t wait,’ Jill typed.
‘Good luck on the job search.  I’ll call you later or tomorrow,’ Samantha wrote.
‘Later,’ Jill wrote and saw that Samantha signed off.
Jill hoped Samantha really would make it up to see them.  It would take her mind off her nightmares and the other things that had been going wrong.   Jill finished the online forms, being as accurate as she could and then logged off the internet.
She went downstairs and made a hot dog for lunch.  Shortly after she finished, the phone rang.
“Hello?” she answered.
“Can I speak with Jill Mulberry?” a woman said.
“I’m Jill Mulberry.”
“Good afternoon.  This is Lindsey Slane from Trendy Miss.  You recently submitted an application to us,” the woman said.
Jill was surprised.  It had barely been two hours but she said “Yes.  Just today.”
“Well I was looking it over and I’m impressed by your credentials.  You have a heads up on the other applicants,” Lindsey said.
“Thank you,” Jill said.
“Only one question.  We pay seven dollars an hour plus commission.  You’re qualified for better but if you wouldn’t mind working here, I’d like you to come in for an interview,” Lindsey said.
Jill wasn’t expecting that so fast but was pleased.  She replied, “I just moved here with my husband.  I just want something to get out of the house and make some of my own money, so I’ll take whatever.”
“Great.  Can you come in Monday morning?” Lindsey asked.
“Sure,” Jill replied.
Lindsey gave her directions to the store and Jill eagerly copied them down.  In the city, no one had ever called her back so fast for a job interview.  There was a lot more competition there.  Jill didn’t know what the average education level of the townspeople was, but she obviously stood out with an NYU degree.
Jill said good-bye and hung up the phone.  She watched TV for an hour and then went upstairs to write more.  She was up to almost twenty pages of her novel.  She was sensing that it would be hard to get a hundred more pages out of it.  And that’s what she would need to reach the sixty-five thousand word minimum most novel publishers had.  But she was determined to finish her first novel within a year.  She still had plenty of time to make that goal, but also needed time to revise and start over if she abandoned her current idea.  She forced herself to write three pages that day.  As she was staring at the computer screen, she heard Frank come home.  She ran downstairs to greet him.
“Good evening, honey,” he said and kissed her.
“Hi,” she said and kissed him quickly.
“So how was your day?” he asked.
“You’ll never believe it.  I got a job interview already!” Jill explained.
“I don’t believe it,” Frank said playfully.  “Where?”
“At a clothing store somewhere in town.  It doesn’t pay much but I get commission too,” Jill said.
“When’s the interview?” 
“Monday morning,” Jill said.
Frank was walking towards the kitchen and Jill followed.
“I hope you get it.  That is if you want it,” Frank said, opening the refrigerator and getting the last beer.  “We’re out of beer,” he added.
“You can pick that up yourself and I’m sure I would want the job,” Jill responded to both his statements.
Frank took a long gulp from the bottle.
“And guess what?  While I was online, Samantha IM’d me.  She wants to visit soon for a few days,” Jill said.
“Oh,” Frank nodded.
“Is that okay?” Jill asked.
“As long as it would be okay if Jason could come up here if he wanted,” Frank replied.
“It’s okay,” Jill said.
“Then I look forward to seeing her,” Frank said.
“What do you want for dinner?” Jill asked.
“Do you want to eat out?” Frank asked.
“I thought you liked my cooking.”
“I do.  But I feel like a cheesesteak or something like that,” Frank said.
“If we get it at a pizza parlor, I’ll just get a calzone I guess,” Jill said.
“Then let’s go,” Frank said and led Jill outside.  They drove to a place called Antonio’s.  It had a very cozy atmosphere and Frank and Jill thought the food was excellent.  After dinner, Frank talked Jill into renting a DVD.  However, Jill made Frank agree to a romantic comedy.
They went home and watched it.  They both enjoyed it.
When it was over, Jill said, “I just remembered something.  I talked to Mabel yesterday and suggested we have her over for dinner.  How about tomorrow?”
“It’s supposed to be a nice day.  I was going to ask if you wanted to drive down to the beach,” Frank said.
“When were you going to ask?  Tomorrow morning?” Jill asked.
“I forgot to mention it yesterday,” Frank said.
“Well maybe we could do both,” Jill said.
“If that’s not too much for you.”
“I was thinking maybe making a meatloaf or something not too difficult.  Anyway how far is the beach from here?” 
“About forty-five minutes,” Frank replied.
“Well okay,” Jill said and got up.  “I’m going to go ask Mabel.”
Jill went next door.  Mabel seemed happy Jill asked her to dinner.  She said she would be there at six sharp and offered to bring something.  Jill told her that wasn’t necessary except maybe another cheesecake and left.  Frank was on the phone as she came back into her house.
“Here she is.  Jill, it’s Samantha!” Frank called.
Jill rushed to the phone and picked it up.  Samantha asked if she could drive up on Monday.  Jill mouthed it to Frank, and he shrugged his shoulders indicating he didn’t care.  Jill said okay and promised to be home when Samantha arrived.
Jill was bored the rest of the night.  She took a hot bath and went to bed before Frank.

Nature granted them a beautiful day for the beach on Saturday, as the weathermen had predicted.  Jill had been semi-nervous about having an excessively long dream again but none of her dreams that night had been about prostitutes or anything out of the ordinary.  Jill woke up feeling happy.
As she was getting ready in the bathroom, she noticed her hairspray wasn’t on the bathroom counter.  The last she remembered seeing it was when Frank took it downstairs when they thought there was a burglar in their house.  She walked into the bedroom and asked Frank, “Where did you put the hairspray?”
“I left it on the front hall table.  Didn’t you bring it back up?”
“No.  I haven’t touched it since that night,” Jill answered.
“Well I don’t think it was there yesterday,” Frank said.
“I didn’t touch it,” Jill said.
“I didn’t either,” Frank replied sounding annoyed.
“Let me check downstairs,” Jill said and went downstairs.
There was no hairspray on the front hall table or in either of the living rooms.  Jill suspected Frank of lying but didn’t accuse him when he came downstairs.
“You find it?” he asked, pouring himself orange juice in the kitchen.
“No.  I guess it disappeared into thin air,” Jill snapped.
Frank gave a reproachful glance but didn’t start an argument.
“It looks like a great day for the beach.  We still going?” he asked.
“I guess,” Jill said, reaching in the refrigerator to get milk.
Frank watched her pour a glass and take it to the table.
“What’s for breakfast?” he asked, trying to sound cheerful.
“I don’t feel like cooking right now,” Jill snapped.
Frank took a deep breath but was silent.  He sensed Jill was annoyed with him.  It was like when Jill accused him of leaving out the milk.  He hadn’t been the one to do that but Jill didn’t seem like she believed him when he told her the truth.
“I guess I’ll pour myself a bowl of cereal,” Frank finally said.
“I’m not hungry,” Jill said.
Jill thought Frank seemed annoyed as he was eating his cereal so all of a sudden she said, “Don’t worry.  I’ll cook plenty later if Mabel comes.”
“Did I say anything?” he asked.
“Sorry.  I just get annoyed when I lose stuff.”
“It’ll turn up somewhere,” Frank said casually.
“Well where did you last put it?” Jill demanded.
“On the table in the front hall,” Frank said slowly, enunciating his words.
Jill left the room without saying anything else and went to watch TV.  Frank came in shortly later and said, “If you really want Mabel to come over later, we should leave for the beach soon.  We want to give ourselves enough time to stay awhile and get back.
“Okay,” Jill said and went upstairs to get a bathing suit and light clothes on.
Neither Jill or Frank brought up the disappearing hairspray on the ride to the beach.  Frank drove to a small seaside town with a boardwalk and lots of shops across the street from the ocean.  Jill ran in one to get sunscreen and sunglasses.  She had brought one of her books with her so she had something to do.
The beach had several other people on it but it wasn’t overcrowded.  The Mulberrys put their towels down a short distance away from the ocean.  Jill took off her outer clothes and immediately put sunscreen on herself.
“Do you need me to get your back?” Frank asked.
“I got it,” Jill said.
“Then can you put some on mine?”
“When I’m done,” Jill sighed.
A short time later, as she was massaging lotion into Frank’s back, she thought about their relationship.  They had been fighting more since they moved up here.  They had occasionally disagreed during their first year in New York, but now she was feeling more annoyed with him.  If it wasn’t Frank or someone breaking in, how could the hairspray disappear?  Who left the milk out twice?  Who moved the chess pieces?  She wanted to believe him when he said he didn’t know anything about it, but a piece of her didn’t.  Maybe he was playing games to stir things up.  If so, she didn’t approve.
She finished with his back and then settled down with her book.  She had offered to let Frank read one of hers but he wasn’t interested in reading for pleasure like she was.  After an hour and a half she began to get too hot and needed to get wet.  Frank was dozing beside her.  She put her book down and stood up.  Trying not to disturb him, she walked down to the waves splashing against the sand.  She first stood on the wet sand and let the waves come over her feet and then recede.  She listened to some children playing in the water near her.  Then she walked forward a few steps and then a few more.  She stopped when the water was up to her knees.  She was never a very good swimmer and heard horror stories about people being carried off by the riptide.  The beach had lifeguards but she didn’t want to take her chances.
She began to stare off into space when someone grabbed her from behind.  It was Frank.  She gave a startled cry before she realized it was him.  She wished he hadn’t done that but didn’t want to scream in front of other people so she turned around.
“Hey,” she said simply.
“Getting wet without me?” he asked.
“I thought you were asleep,” Jill stated.
“Just had my eyes closed,” Frank replied.
The two looked at each other a moment.
“You enjoying yourself here?” Frank asked after a few moments.
“Yes, it’s relaxing,” Jill said.
“I’m gonna go in a little deeper,” Frank said and went further in.
“Be careful,” Jill warned, feeling a little nervous.
Jill didn’t go in deeper herself, but watched Frank.  She was glad he stopped at his waist.  Two people on the beach were in up to their shoulders.  She wouldn’t want to be them.  
After a few minutes of letting the waves roll against him, Frank treaded back out of the water and asked, “Are you hungry?”
“Why?  You want to leave?” Jill asked.
“No.  Just get something quick across the street and come back,” Frank said.
“Okay, but don’t fill up.  You have to be hungry for my cooking later,” Jill said.
“That’s right.  What are you making?” Frank asked.
“I think a meatloaf and roasted potatoes,” Jill said.
“Sounds good,” Frank said coming out of the water.
He went to their spot and dried himself with his towel.
“I guess we should take our stuff with us while eating,” Frank said.
“Probably.  Unless you want to ask someone to watch it,” Jill said.
“Nah,” Frank said and folded his towel.
They walked across the street and found an outdoor café two blocks down.  Jill just had a salad and a roll.  Frank had a sandwich and fries.  There was an umbrella covering their table but they could still feel the heat of the sun.
While they were eating Frank asked, “So Jill.  About that nightmare the other night.  Have you been having them a lot?”
“Actually a few.  But that one seemed extremely long.  I think I may have been dreaming for hours.”
“Maybe it just seemed that way,” Frank said.
“Why do you ask?” 
“Well I was just wondering if you’re happy with the house and the town,” Frank said.
“Well I do kind of like the suburbs better than the city.  I like seeing trees and not having mobs of people everywhere.  Are you happy?”
“Yeah.  I like my job pretty good.  I don’t want to move,” Frank said.
“Why would we move?” Jill asked.
“I was just wondering if that’s what you wanted,” Frank said, sucking in his breath. “Secretly.  Making me think there’s a poltergeist possessing our house.”
Jill began to feel angry.  “What are you saying?” she hissed.
“Just if you don’t want to live here, you might...” Frank started.
Jill interrupted, “Misplace things and let the milk go bad.  Shit like that, huh?”
Jill didn’t curse often so Frank was a little taken aback.  “Sorry.  Maybe you just think things are happening or don’t remember stuff.”
“You think I’m going crazy?” Jill said very loudly.
She noticed a few of the other patrons stare momentarily so she lowered her voice and said, “You think I’m losing it.”
“I’m not saying that.  It’s just strange that my dreams are normal and yours aren’t.  Most of the odd things that happened happened without me around.”
Jill was mad now.  She had started thinking he might be playing games with her and now here he was accusing her of playing games with him.
“Take me home.  You’ve ruined my afternoon,” Jill snapped and looked away from him.
“Jill,” Frank tried to calm her.
“You heard me,” Jill said sternly.
“I have to finish eating at least,” Frank said.
“Then finish.”
Frank knew he had made a mistake saying what he did, but he didn’t know what else to think.  He wasn’t ready to believe there were ghosts in their house doing those things.  Frank ate quickly and left money for the bill.
As they were walking back towards where they had parked, Frank asked, “You still want to go?”
“Yes,” Jill snapped.
Frank sighed and agreed.  Jill didn’t look at him the whole ride back except when they got to their own neighborhood Jill said, “I want to pick up some fresh bread for later.”
“Okay.  You have everything else you need?” 
“Yes,” Jill said.
Frank stopped at a bakery and Jill bought a loaf of bread.  As soon as they got home Frank turned on the TV.  Jill went upstairs to read more.  She had gotten interested in the book when she read it on the beach and had to see what happened next.  After a couple hours, it was time to start the meal.
She ignored Frank on her way past and set things up in the kitchen.  She defrosted the meat and put it together in a baking pan with spices and the necessary ingredients.  Then she cut up the potatoes and put them around the meatloaf.  She put it in the oven and mentally made a note of when it would be done.  Then she went back upstairs, giving Frank an icy glare on the way past.
It bothered her that she couldn’t find her hair spray so she checked the bathroom and her bedroom thoroughly with no luck.  She thought Frank might be hiding it, so she checked the other bedrooms thoroughly as well.  She didn’t find it, but she saved the bedroom where the woman’s eyes turned red for last.  She found the photo album she had yet to open in the bottom drawer next to an old towel.  She was certain she hadn’t put it in that drawer.  She had found it in the top drawer and when she saw the woman’s reflection in the mirror, she had dropped it on the floor and left the room.  Her rational side told her Frank found it and put it there.
For some reason, she got the feeling something important was inside the album.  Possibly an incriminating photo.  She was about to open it when the doorbell rang.  She jumped and put it on top of the dresser.  She went downstairs to see Frank talking to Mabel at the door.
“I’m a little early.  And I brought a cheesecake like asked,” Mabel said.
Mabel then noticed Jill and exclaimed, “Hi, Jill.  I’m here.”
Jill smiled and tried not to show she was mad at Frank.  She gave Mabel a quick hug and offered, “Dinner should be ready in about twenty minutes.  Can I get you a drink?”
“Just water to start,” Mabel said.
“Sure,” Jill said and led Mabel to the kitchen.
Frank went back to watching TV and Jill poured herself and Mabel some water.
“So I see you got a new car.  I like it,” Mabel said as they sat at the table.
“Oh yes.  And I paid for it in full so I don’t have to worry about a car payment.”
“Is it used?”
“Yes, but it has fairly low mileage.  I probably won’t be putting that much on it so it’s jut what I needed.” Jill said.
“Now you can go to the store yourself and do whatever else you need to,” Mabel said.
“And I have a job interview Monday and I kinda hope I get it.  Not so much for the money, but for something to do,” Jill said.
“I can relate.  Now that I’m retired, I’m bored.  But I work in my garden or find ways to entertain myself,” Mabel said.
“I should set the plates,” Jill said and stood up.
Mabel silently watched while Jill set out plates, napkins, silverware, and a cup for Frank.
“Sorry.  I don’t have the best plates yet,” Jill apologized.
“Oh, it’s nothing.  You just got here,” Mabel said.
“I know.  You don’t want to eat in the dining room, do you?  I didn’t set up there because I think the table is too big for three people.”
“Oh goodness yes.  I saw it when it was the bed and breakfast.  It looks like it belongs in a palace,” Mabel said.
Jill thought of something.  “It became a bed and breakfast right after the old lady died?”
“Not long after.  Why?”
“Just wondering,” Jill was debating whether or not to see if Mabel knew their house was a brothel in the sixties.
Jill sensed it was almost time for the meal to be done so she checked it to make sure it was about ready.  It was and then Jill sliced the bread and put some out in a bowl.  She then walked to the living room entrance and said to Frank, “If you can get away from the TV for a second, dinner’s almost ready.”
“I didn’t know I was allowed in there,” Frank said sarcastically.
Jill gave him a quick look but otherwise ignored his comment.  She waited a minute and then served dinner.  Mabel sensed something was going on between Jill and Frank but didn’t bring it up.
“Your cooking is delicious,” Mabel chose to say.
“Thank you,” Jill said.
“I was telling Jill she should be a chef at the Silver Spoon,” Frank said.
“I told you no thank you,” Jill said curtly.
“If Jill was the chef, I’d go to her restaurant anytime,” Mabel said trying to lighten the mood.
“She wants to make less money, that’s her business,” Frank said.
“Frank,” Jill grinded her teeth.
“Is everything okay between you two?” Mabel asked.
“Fine.  One thing Mabel, are you sure you haven’t seen people snooping around our house?” Frank asked.
“No.  You mean things have still been happening?” Mabel asked.
“That’s what Jill says,” Frank smirked.
“What happened to that good luck charm I gave you?” Mabel asked suddenly.
Until now, Jill had forgotten about it.  When she thought about it, she had no idea where it was.
“I’m sorry.  I don’t know,” Jill said looking around the kitchen as if it would suddenly appear.
Frank muttered something under his breath.  Jill ignored him.
“That’s okay.  It was nothing anyway,” Mabel said.
“No.  I liked it.  I just thought I left it in the kitchen but now I don’t know.”
“I know I didn’t touch it,” Frank said like Jill was accusing him of taking it.
“I didn’t say you did,” Jill said.
“So how long have you two known each other?” Mabel asked.
“A few years,” Frank said.
“Three in November,” Jill clarified.
“Well I knew my husband for five years before I married him.  And I had never been with a man until my wedding night.  Gabe’s the only man I was ever with.  I don’t think I’ll ever get remarried now that he’s dead.  Marriage may not always be dreamy, but I think of it as for life,” Mabel said.
Jill picked up that Mabel thought her marriage to Frank might be in trouble so she said, “Frank and I are doing fine.  He just said something jerky today.”
“Fine.  I’m a jerk,” Frank said, sounding indifferent.
Mabel spoke next.  “Say, if you guys aren’t doing anything tomorrow morning, maybe you’d like to come with me to church.  Since you’re new in town, it would be a way for you to meet people in the community.”
“Maybe,” Frank said.
“I might,” Jill considered it.
“You two are Christians, right?” Mabel asked.
“Yes,” Jill said.
“Then it won’t be anything unusual for you.  You don’t have to but you’re welcome to,” Mabel said, trying to be nice.
“I’ll go.  It’s up to Frank if he wants to,” Jill said.
“I’ll go too,” Frank said defensively.
“Great.  It starts at ten.  You don’t have to be too formal like the old days, just neat looking,” Mabel said.
“We’ll be there,” Jill said and smiled.
“Do you want us to follow behind you?” Frank asked.
“I can drive you over.  I might as well,” Mabel said pleasantly.
“Okay,” Jill said.
They made small talk for the rest of the meal.  Then they had desert and coffee.  Frank raved about how good he thought the cheesecake was.  Mabel decided not to stay after eating.
“You sure?  You don’t have to leave so fast,” Jill said at the door.
“No.  I usually like to go to bed early.  But thanks,” Mabel said.
“We’re gonna have to find out where you get your cheesecake so Frank can have it every week,” Jill joked.
“It’s from Betty’s Sweet Shop on Oak Drive,” Mabel said.
“I’ll remember,” Frank said.
They bid farewell to Mabel for the night and closed the door.
“She’s a nice lady,” Jill commented.
“Yeah, but you didn’t have to antagonize me in front of her,” Frank said.
“You didn’t have to accuse me of going crazy earlier,” Jill said.
“That’s not what I said,” Frank said.
“Then accuse me of having some plot to make us fight,” Jill said.
“Alright, Jill.  Let’s stop arguing,” Frank said.
“Fine with me.”
“Is it okay if I play a game on your computer?” Frank asked.
“I guess.  It’ll give me a chance to watch something I want on TV,” Jill said.
Frank nodded and went upstairs.  Jill watched some sitcoms and then the news.  She went upstairs to find Frank engrossed in an adventure game.
“I’m going to bed.  I don’t want to oversleep,” Jill said at the door.
“I’ll be there in a minute,” Frank said.
Jill brushed her teeth and changed into her nightgown.  She went into the bedroom to find Frank already under the covers.  She slid in next to him.
“You do want to go tomorrow, right?” Frank asked.
“Yeah.  It should be nice.  We should go to church more than a couple times a year.  Anyway, see what fighting in front of someone got us?  It got us invited to church.  She probably thinks we’re fallen souls now,” Jill said.
Frank laughed silently.  “Jill, you’re being ridiculous.  She was just being friendly.  She knows we don’t know hardly anyone in town and thought we would like to have somewhere to go.”
“If you say so.  Good night,” Jill said and turned on her side away from Frank.
Frank shut out the light and turned on his side facing away.




Chapter Ten




It was a dark morning when Jill woke up.  She could hear light rain beating against the window.  Frank was sleeping deeply beside her.  She looked at the clock and saw it was quarter of eight.  She decided to let Frank sleep and wake him if he still wasn’t up in half an hour.  She quietly slid out of bed and went downstairs.
She made herself an instant breakfast and gulped it greedily.  Frank came downstairs yawning just as she was finishing.
“Were you gonna let me oversleep?” he asked groggily.
“I was gonna wake you soon,” Jill said defensively.
“What are you having?” Frank asked.
“Strawberry instant breakfast,” Jill replied.
“Do you have a chocolate one?” Frank asked.
“I have two boxes of assorted,” Jill answered.
“Can I have one?” Frank asked.
“No.  The food I buy’s not for sharing.  It’s mine,” Jill said, faking an attitude.
Frank looked at her moment trying to come up with a comeback.
Finally he said, “Then the same goes for my house.”
“Then you owe my parents a check,” Jill said.
“Right,” Frank chuckled.  “So where’s the instant breakfast?”
Jill opened a cabinet near her and handed Frank the box.  He took out a packet of powder and combined it with milk.
“I guess we should go over to Mabel’s about nine,” Jill said.
“Yeah, I guess,” Frank said taking a long drink from his cup.
Jill put her empty cup in the sink and walked to the table.
“We need to get a paper delivered here.  I need something to read in the morning,” Frank said.
“Then call,” Jill suggested.
“I don’t know the number.”
“I bought one the other day to look at want ads.  The number should be on there,” Jill said.
“Okay, I’ll call tomorrow.”
“I’ll go get ready first since I take longer than you,” Jill said and started to leave the room.
“Go ahead,” Frank said.
Jill went upstairs and took a shower.  She took a long time getting ready, blow drying her hair and putting on makeup.  She chose to wear a knee length peach colored skirt and matching blouse.  She sprayed on some perfume and was done.  All in all, it took her just over half an hour.
Frank went up after her and was ready in less than ten minutes.  Then they went and knocked on Mabel’s door.
“Hi, come in,” she said.
They entered thinking they were going to leave right away but Mabel said, “We have some time.  Why don’t you have a cup of coffee?”
“Thanks,” Jill said and followed Mabel into the kitchen.  Frank was behind her.
Mabel had French Vanilla flavored coffee and offered some cinnamon to put in the cup.
“Just like having it out,” Frank complimented after taking a sip.
“Oh thank you,” Mabel said.  “I also made some blueberry muffins if you’d like.”
“I hope you didn’t make them just for us,” Jill said.
“My daughter’s visiting in two days.  She loves them,” Mabel said.
“Then I don’t want to take them before she gets here,” Jill said.
“It’s no trouble.  I made too many.  You’re each welcome to one,” Mabel said.
“Well if you’re sure it’s okay,” Jill said.
“I’ll take one too,” Frank said.
Mabel went to the refrigerator and got out a large Tupperware container.  She brought Frank and Jill a muffin each, getting some napkins from the counter on the way past.  Frank ate it quickly and Jill took her time.  
As Jill finished, Mabel said, “We can go soon.  I like to get there a little early and socialize.”
“Sure,” Jill took the last swig of coffee and handed Mabel the empty mug.
Frank brought his to the sink.  It was still raining when they left, though it seemed a little brighter.  The sun was trying to poke through the clouds.  None of them had jackets but their clothes didn’t get too wet on the way to the car.
“Do you want the front?” Frank asked Jill at the door.
“It doesn’t matter,” Jill replied.
“Well if you want to be up there to talk to Mabel.”
“Alright, I will.”
On the ride over, Mabel asked Jill some questions about her family and her life in New York.  Mabel seemed impressed by Jill’s father.
“I love the theater.  There’s only one small theater in town and I go occasionally, but the plays aren’t the best.  I wish we had more,” Mabel said.
“Still, Frank and I should check it out sometime.  See how it compares to Broadway,” Jill said.
“Just not some girlie play,” Frank moaned from the backseat.
“Right.  I’ll make sure there are strippers or something you’ll like,” Jill joked.
“Oh, you two,” Mabel said.
The church was a medium-sized building with a large parking lot.  To the left was woods, and to the back and right was a lot of open space.  Many people were arriving at the same time and getting out of their cars to greet each other.  A family nodded to Jill as she stepped out of the car.  Jill forced a smile.
Mabel led the Mulberrys to the front door and a cheerful looking man greeted them.
“Brought guests today, I see,” he said and shook Frank’s hand.
“This is Frank and Jill Mulberry.  They moved in next door to me,” Mabel said.
“Oh,” the man nodded enthusiastically.  Then his expression changed.  He looked troubled by something.  “Oh,” he repeated in a less enthusiastic tone and then forced himself to brighten.  “Good to have you here.”
Jill looked to Frank for an explanation but he just shrugged.  A heavyset gray haired woman was standing at the back of the church.  She walked over.
“Did I hear you say you moved next door to Mabel?” she asked brightly.
“Yeah.  Just a week and a half ago,” Jill replied.
“Well good luck.  I’ve seen that place.  You could have a family of ten in there with all those bedrooms,” the woman said.
“You went there when it was a bed and breakfast?” Jill asked.
“No.  Before that.  My mother lived there for nine years,” the woman said.
Since her talk with Mabel on the second day, Jill hadn’t heard any more about the old lady.  She felt glad to talk to someone else who might know something about the house.  She might not bring it up that day, but eventually she wanted to ask if anything strange happened there.
The woman noticed Jill staring and said, “Sorry.  My name’s Mary Ruben.  My mother’s name was Anna Gerlin.”
“I’m Jill Mulberry and this is my husband Frank,” Jill said.
The woman held out her hand and Frank and Jill shook it.
“Welcome,” Mary said and then added “Do you want to sit near me?”
“Sure,” Mabel and Jill said in unison.
They let Mary sit near the aisle with Mabel on her left.  Jill sat silently.  Shortly before the service began, she looked to her right to see Billie from the diner walk in with an older short-haired blonde woman.
“Frank, look,” Jill said and pointed.
“It’s Billie,” Frank observed.
“You two know her?” Mary asked.
“We just talked to her at the diner she owns,” Jill answered.
“She does great business.  I go there at least once a month,” Mary said.
“Are you her friend?” Jill asked.
“No.  I just know her in passing.  She doesn’t belong to this congregation but I think that’s her mother,” Mary said.
Billie didn’t notice Frank or Jill but sat farther up on the right side of the room.  Jill was glad she had come.  Maybe if she talked to Billie later, she could get another talk with Naomi.
An elderly woman began to play music on an organ and the conversation in the church tapered off.  Shortly later, the man who greeted them at the door walked to the front.
“Good morning.  I’m glad to see some new faces,” he said.  “And the old ones.”
Some people laughed in good humor.
The minister had the congregation start by singing a hymn.  Then he made some announcements, including an engagement.  After that, he began the sermon.  He read some passages from the Bible that dealt with overcoming obstacles.  He made a point about not giving up in tough times.  Jill applied it to her life as she was listening.  She still wasn’t sure what was going on in her house but after listening she felt more confident that everything would soon work out and she could enjoy her new life away from the city.
A few more hymns were sung, everyone took communion, the offering was made and it ended with the closing prayers.  People started getting up out of their seats.
“How did you like the service?” Mary asked Frank and Jill.
“It was nice,” Jill said.
“Yeah.  It was fine,” Frank added.
“Michael’s very nice,” Mary said.
“That’s the minister.  Michael Erstfelder,” Mabel told Frank and Jill.
“Do you have pets, Jill?” Mary asked.
“No,” Jill replied.
“You should get one.  My mother had eight cats.  She said they kept the evil spirits out of the house,” Mary said.
Jill didn’t know if the remark was meant to be casual or if Mary had a hidden message.  Jill wanted to know if the same things that had been happening to her and Frank had happened to Anna.
“I think eight is too much to take care of,” Mabel said.
“Maybe one or two cats,” Jill said.
“Or a dog,” Frank broke into the conversation.
“Or not,” Jill said.
“You don’t like dogs, Jill?” Mary asked.
“Cats are calmer.  And housebroken,” Jill said.
She just then noticed Billie going past with the woman she entered with.  She tried to catch Billie’s eye.  Billie noticed but didn’t look like she knew who Jill was.  Then, just as she was about to walk out of sight of Jill’s eye, she said, “Oh hi.  You two came to my diner a couple times, didn’t you?”
“Yes, how are you?” Jill asked.
“Fine.  Just visiting with my mother today,” Billie said.
“Hi,” the woman next to Billie said.
“I’m Mabel,” Mabel said.
“I’m Mary.  I’ve been to your restaurant many times,” Mary said.
“Well I’ll keep the food coming,” Billie said and began to leave.
Jill couldn’t think of anything to say to Billie that would get her to stay and didn’t sound intrusive.  She didn’t want to bring up the brothel in church.  So she let her walk out.
“So you got to speak with Billie after only two visits.  It took me at least ten before I knew it was her name on the sign,” Mary commented as she got up.
“Well we wanted to ask her something,” Frank said following Jill out of the pew.
“Still it must be a good sign to be on speaking terms with a woman who has as much money as she does,” Mary said.
“Jill’s parents are rich,” Frank said.
“Really?” Mary sounded curious.
“My dad’s a Broadway producer,” Jill informed her.
“That must have been a great way to grow up,” Mary said, walking out the door.
“I went to a private high school so I didn’t feel too different.  What did your mother do for a living?” Jill asked.
“Live off my father.  He was president of a bank,” Mary said.  “Not a major one, though.”
“So why didn’t the house go to you or someone else in the family?” Jill asked as everyone stopped walking and stood near the building to continue their conversation.
“For starters, I didn’t want it.  There were too many rooms.  And my mother and I also didn’t get along so well in her final years,” Mary said becoming more solemn.
“What was wrong?” Jill asked.
“She didn’t approve of me divorcing my husband,” Mary replied.
“Oh,” Jill didn’t understand how someone even fifteen years ago could stop talking to a family member just because they got a divorce.
“But I did anyway and I’m happier now than when I was married.  Anyway the state got the house and it was auctioned off,” Mary said.
“That was when it became a bed and breakfast?” Frank asked.
“Yes.  A couple by the name of Rosemary and Hector Thornton bought it,” Mary said.
“How come they still don’t own it?” Jill asked.
“Well I just heard rumors.  I don’t know if I should mention them,” Mary said.
Jill didn’t want to pry so she didn’t pursue the issue.
“Well we better get going,” Mabel said and began to walk towards the car.
“See you next week, Mabel,” Mary said.
Jill and Frank were about to follow but Mary motioned to them so they stayed.
“Be careful there,” Mary said in a hushed tone of voice.  “I don’t want to alarm you but that house has some negative energy.  I was serious about my mom’s cats helping with that.  But eventually the house won.”
“What do you mean?” Jill asked.
“The cats started disappearing or dying and then my mother complained of strange things happening.  Like noises at night or she couldn’t find certain belongings.  I spoke with her and she was lucid up to her death.  Not senile at all.  I don’t have proof of anything, but,…, nevermind.  That’s just why I didn’t put up a fight when the house didn’t go to me,” Mary said.
Jill had become enthralled by what Mary said and was about to ask something when Frank said, “Right.  Well we better not keep Mabel waiting any longer.”
Jill smiled and nodded good-bye.  Frank hurried her to the car.  Jill sensed he was eager to go.  She would have been willing to have a long talk right there but if it was important, she could do it some other time so she just got in the front seat of the car.
“Did I miss anything important?” Mabel asked as she pulled out of the lot.
“No,” Frank immediately replied.
Jill was thoughtful and quiet on the drive home.  What exactly did Mary mean?  Would the house destroy her and Frank?  These thoughts floated through her mind until Mabel pulled in her driveway.
“Well here we are,” Mabel announced.  “You two got awfully quiet.”
“I’m just thinking,” Jill said.
“There was nothing to say,” Frank said getting out of the car.
“Well you two are welcome to join me again next week or any other time,” Mabel said amicably.
“Thanks, we might,” Jill got out of the car and closed the door.
They waved goodbye and went in their house.  Frank immediately went to the kitchen to get a soda.  Jill walked in behind him.
“So what were you thinking about?” Frank asked.
“What Mary said,” Jill answered.
“She sounds kinda kooky to me,” Frank said casually.
“That’s not very nice,” Jill said.
“Come on.  You don’t believe that bullshit about our house?” Frank said.
“You don’t think it’s possible this place has some negative energy to it?” Jill asked.
“Houses don’t have energies, Jill.  The people who live in houses have positive or negative energy.  But not the house itself,” Frank said.
“You sound like you’re making sense.  But how do you explain my nightmares?  Never before have I had so many bad dreams so close together,” Jill said.
“I don’t know.  Could be the stress of the move,” Frank suggested.
“But things have disappeared around here like Anna said they did,” Jill said.
“Well I don’t know,” Frank said.
“We changed the locks.  Someone can’t still be coming in now, could they?” Jill asked.
“Those kids got in,” Frank said.
“Then we better secure the basement window.”
“I’ll look at it later today.  Jill, don’t listen to what Mary said.  It sounds to me like she is mad she didn’t get the house and is trying to scare us.  Well it won’t work,” Frank said firmly.
“I believe her,” Jill said.
“Right, Jill,” Frank said rolling his eyes.  “The house killed the cats.  The house killed Anna.  I am so sure.”
Jill looked at him funny a moment, then responded, “Well maybe you shouldn’t be so sure,” and walked out of the room.
Frank laughed as if putting up with a strange-acting small child and finished his soda.

A couple hours later Frank took a chair down to the basement and stood on it to examine the basement window.  It opened easily even though there was too much dirt on it to see well through it.  He figured out how to lock it and tried to imagine a way to make it even more secure.  He thought there might be a way he would be able to tell if someone opened it.  
As he was thinking, Jill opened the door and stood at the top of the stairs.
“Did you lock it?” she called.
“Yeah!” he hollered.
“Do you really think it’s big enough for those kids to have gotten through?”
“Well come down here and look!” Frank yelled.
“The basement makes me nervous.  And I need to start dinner if I’m cooking,” Jill said.
Frank laughed to himself at Jill’s nervousness and said, “I’ll be up in a second.”
He couldn’t think of anything good at the moment so he made sure the window didn’t open and went upstairs, leaving the chair behind.
“How about teriyaki chicken and rice?” Jill asked.
“Wow.  You’re really getting into cooking,” Frank commented.
“Well our kitchen in New York was so small.  I love having so much space to move while I work.”
“Chicken and rice is fine,” Frank said with a smile.
They ate about half an hour later.  Frank was hungry for some reason and ate more than usual.
“There’s not gonna be any leftovers,” Jill said, feigning disappointment.
“You know I don’t eat leftovers,” Frank said.
“Right.  You’re too good for them.”
“Hey.  You don’t like them much either.” Frank said.
“More than you.”
“So?  It’s hardly an issue,” Frank said.
“I’m just kidding.  I’ll make more if you want.” Jill offered.
“That won’t be necessary,” Frank said, putting the last of the rice on his plate.
After dinner, Jill was in the mood for a game.  So far, Frank had usually watched TV and she had done something on her computer or read.  She felt like she wanted something interactive that night.  The only board games they owned were Trivial Pursuit and Scrabble but they had left those with her parents.  But the house had a game room with a chess set.  She thought she remembered pretty well the rules for moving the pieces.  If not, she could probably find it online.
So she asked as Frank was settling down in the living room, “Do you want to play chess maybe?”
“I’m not very good,” Frank responded.
“Neither am I.  Just for fun.”
“Maybe for a while.  You might have to teach me the rules, though.”
“I’ll try to remember,” Jill said as she walked to the game room.
There were small chairs facing each end of the chess board so they sat.  To Jill’s knowledge, the pieces hadn’t been moved again since the first time she noticed.  Jill quickly explained what she knew.
“Can you believe some people play for hours?  Hours just to plan their next move even,” Frank commented.
“I know.  Safe to say I’ll never be one of those people,” Jill said moving a pawn.
“Me either.  Don’t expect me to plan a detailed strategy,” Frank said thinking about his move.
“No one’s judging you,” Jill said.
They finished their game without much talk and Jill won.
“How about two out of three?” Frank asked.
“I thought you didn’t really like chess.”
“I want two more chances to beat you,” Frank said.  “So how about it?”
“Okay, but don’t get your hopes up,” Jill said and reset the pieces to their starting positions.
Jill beat Frank the next game and could tell he got a little frustrated.  But the final game he won.
“Yes.  I beat you!” he said triumphantly.
“I still won overall,” Jill brought to his attention.
“So?  At least I beat you once.  I’m not a total loser,” Frank said.
“Well you are a little.”  Jill smiled and got up.  “I’m gonna read until bed.”
“Should I leave the pieces off the board?”
“I don’t care,” Jill said.
Jill went upstairs and read in the sitting room.  She wasn’t as interested in the current book and had to force herself to keep going.  When she saw it was getting late, she put the book down and did her before bedtime routine.
Frank came in shortly after.
“So Samantha’s supposed to get here tomorrow, I guess?” he asked.
“If she still makes it,” Jill replied.
“I guess it’ll be nice to have someone else in the house,” Frank said.
“Cause you’re sick of me already?” Jill joked.
“Totally,” Frank joked backed and kissed her quickly.
He then shut out the light and they both went to sleep.




Chapter Eleven




Jill found herself outside her house in the early evening.  It was just beginning to get dark.  She felt herself walk towards the front door and enter.  The TV was on and an unfamiliar man was on the couch.  Jill was about to say something but the man spoke first.
“Good to see you again, Miss Stone,” he said and stood up.
“Who?” Jill asked, then remembered her dream of several days earlier in which people called her Miss Stone.
“Your bags are in the car?” the man asked.
“I don’t know,” Jill wasn’t sure what to say.
“Your job stressing you out again?  Well a couple days here and you’ll be rested,” the man said and went out the front door.
Jill stood there for a moment not knowing what to do.  She had to be dreaming again.  She walked into the kitchen and saw a beautiful Spanish lady eating a bagel.  The lady smiled at her but didn’t say anything.
Jill put things together and guessed she was dreaming about when the house was a bed and breakfast.  It would be strange if there really had been a returning guest named Miss Stone.  But how could she find out?
Jill suddenly got the urge to go upstairs so she did.  She was about to go into the master bedroom but the man who first greeted her was coming up the stairs.
“Miss Stone.  That’s Hector and Rosemary’s bedroom.  Your favorite bedroom is available so I’ll put your things in there,” he said and walked to the left.
Jill looked at which bedroom he entered.  It was the one with the antique furniture.  The man came out a minute later and said, “Everything’s ready for you, Miss Stone.  Dinner tonight is filet mignon.”
“Why don’t you call me by my first name?” Jill asked, wondering why everyone was being so formal.
“I thought you didn’t like us to.  Besides, you never told us what your first name is,” the man said simply.
Jill didn’t want to say Jill was her first name so she nodded.  The man smiled and went downstairs.
Jill walked into the antique bedroom.  It looked the same as it did when she inspected all the rooms.  She saw luggage on the bed and on the floor.  Jill briefly looked through them.  They contained mostly fancy clothes.  Suddenly Jill felt dizzy.  She hoped it meant she was waking up.
But she didn’t.  She looked around and saw the luggage had now been unpacked.  The empty cases were in the corner.  Jill looked in the mirror on the nightstand and was relieved to see her own reflection.  She walked closer and examined it.  She then noticed someone was on the bed.  Startled, she turned around but saw the bed was neatly made and no one was on it.  She looked back to the mirror to see a woman tossing and turning in her sleep.  Suddenly, the woman sat up.  She didn’t appear to notice Jill but looked afraid.  Suddenly three cuts appeared on the woman’s cheek and she started bleeding.
“No!” the woman shouted.
The woman, who might have been Miss Stone, tried to get out of bed but all of a sudden she was flung violently upward and smashed into the ceiling.  Jill screamed as she heard the impact.  The woman fell back down, hit the side of the bed, and landed on the floor.  The woman was alive, but hurt.
Jill had seen all this in the mirror and was afraid to turn around.  But she did and saw the room was empty.  Not sure of what was happening, she turned around to face the mirror and saw the woman was standing up bleeding heavily out of many cuts all over her body.  All of a sudden the woman was flung towards Jill by an unseen force.  Jill had no time to get out of the way but she never felt the woman collide with her.  Instead the mirror suddenly cracked loudly, making it impossible to see anything in it.
Jill suddenly wanted to get out of the house.  She ran to the door and was horrified to find it locked.  She pulled on the handle and banged on the door but it wouldn’t open.  Then she heard a loud noise and a click.  The door opened on the next try and Jill ran down the hall and down the stairs as fast as she could, almost tripping on the way.
A woman she remembered from her first dream where people called her Miss Stone was standing in the entrance to the long living room.  Jill ran right past her and out the front door.  She ran down the driveway and made a left down the block.  She wished she would wake up but as long as she was away from the house she would feel better.  She slowed down to a walk after she passed three or four houses.
Her heart was beating loudly.  She had many questions.  Was that Miss Stone that she saw in the mirror?  How had she gotten all those cuts?  What flung her at the ceiling and mirror?  Jill had gotten lost in her thoughts and hadn’t looked where she was going.  She looked around and her heart sunk when she saw she was in her backyard.  It was now almost completely dark.
A noise nearby startled her.  She realized it was coming from one of the upstairs windows.  She looked up at the five sets of windows on the second floor that faced the backyard.  In the one on the far right a light was going on and off.
She was trying to fight her fear and decide what to do when she suddenly woke up.  It was a bright sunny morning and Frank was already gone.  She looked at the clock and saw it was almost eight thirty.  She didn’t have much time until her job interview so she got up and got ready instead of worrying about the nightmare she just had.  
Jill found Trendy Miss without too much trouble.  It was in a strip mall that included a couple restaurants and a convenience store.  Bells jingled as she walked in the front door.
She walked up to a young, attractive woman at the register.
“Hi.  I’m Jill Mulberry.  I’m here for a job interview,” she said politely.
“Yes.  Lindsey’s expecting you.  You can go on in back,” the woman said and pointed towards a door at the rear of the store.  
Jill did and saw a small kitchen and a door to a bathroom.  A door with ‘Manager’ printed on it was down a short hall.  Jill knocked.
“Come in,” a woman called.
Jill entered and saw a woman who looked to be in her late forties or early fifties sitting behind a desk.  She was smoking a cigarette.
“You’re Jill Mulberry?” the woman asked, putting her cigarette in her ashtray.
“Yes.  Nice to meet you,” Jill said.
“I’m Lindsey Slane.  Please sit down,” the woman said and motioned to a chair.
The woman started by asking Jill some questions.  Then she described the details of the job.  They talked about the hours Jill was looking for.  Then Lindsey had Jill fill out and sign a few forms.
“We’ll let you know in a couple days.  Things look very good, so don’t worry,” Lindsey said as she walked Jill to the door.
Jill thanked her and left.  Lindsey seemed friendly enough.  Jill had quickly glanced at the clothes for sale on her way in and out.  They seemed nice, not too expensive and not too junky.  Jill stopped at a McDonalds for lunch to have a burger and fries.  She then went home.  She wasn’t sure what time Samantha would arrive, but she wanted to be at the house the rest of the day.
Once she was inside her home, the memories of her recent dream returned.  She wasn’t used to violence in her dreams and it had upset her.  The bad dreams were coming so often she was getting almost afraid to sleep.  She wondered if there was something she could do about it.  She thought about checking the antique bedroom but became afraid.
It was still early so she decided to read in the backyard again.  She changed into a bikini which was more revealing then the one she had worn to the beach and took a book into the backyard.  She was still on the one she didn’t like so much but decided to force herself to finish it.  She set up the lounge chair in the sun and began to read.
It was a very nice day.  Not too hot or humid but pleasantly warm.  There were only a few scattered clouds in the sky.  She read for at least an hour before her eyes began to get tired.  She held the book with one hand and for some reason put her right hand towards the ground.  She was surprised when she felt something other than grass.  She looked down to see a grey striped cat sitting by her chair.  It looked up at her and meowed.
“Where did you come from?” Jill said in a sweet voice.
She pet the cat and it started purring.  It didn’t have a collar but it was too friendly to be a stray.  It meowed again and rubbed its head against Jill’s arm when she started pulling it away.
“Are you lost?” Jill said looking for signs the cat belonged to someone.
She knew Mabel didn’t have a cat and she didn’t think Adam did so she wondered where it came from.  It must have wandered over here from a few houses down.
She stopped petting the cat and tried to read again.  The cat just stared at her purring.
“Your owner must be looking for you.  Go on home,” Jill said to the cat.
It shifted its position but didn’t leave.  It meowed twice, like it was trying to tell Jill something.
“Are you hungry?” Jill asked.
The cat was a little skinny but didn’t seem starving.  Nevertheless Jill got up and walked towards the back door.  The cat started following but stopped as it got near the house.
“Do you want some milk?  Or turkey?” Jill said and then smiled to herself.  She was talking to it like it could understand her or speak back.  But then she told herself you never know what pets understand.
Jill opened the glass door and stepped into the game room.  The cat nervously peeked its head inside but then backed away like it was afraid.
“Do you want to come in?” Jill asked.
The cat meowed again but seemed like it was afraid to go inside.
“Don’t go away.  I’ll be right back,” Jill said and walked through the house.
She poured milk on a small plate and broke up a piece of sliced turkey from the deli onto another plate.  She then carried them back through the house, wondering if the cat would even still be there when she reached the backyard.
The cat was there and looked excited to see that Jill had food.  She put it down on the grass and the cat immediately devoured it.  Jill watched it eat.  She would like to have a cat of her own especially after what Mary said, but didn’t know if this one belonged to anyone.  She would have to be on the lookout for any signs about a lost cat.
 The cat finished and then started rubbing against Jill’s leg.  Jill was about to reach down to pet it, but the cat suddenly became afraid and started running.  It ran around the side of the house and disappeared.  Jill didn’t follow it.  She hoped it would go back home, if it had one.
After that, Jill didn’t feel like reading so she folded the lounge chair up and brought her book back in.  She switched back into her clothes.  Then she cleaned up the plate the cat left and then watched TV.  She became engrossed in a romance from the sixties.  Frank came in towards the end of it.
“Hey,” he called as he closed the door behind him.
“Hey,” she replied.
“How was your job interview?” Frank asked as he came into the room.
“Good.  The boss seems nice,” Jill said.
“Well if you’d be happy with it, I hope you get it,” Frank said.
“Me too.”
“Is Samantha here?” Frank asked.
“Did you see her car in the driveway?” Jill replied.
“I just asked.  She could have gone to the store,” Frank defended himself.
“Sorry.  I guess she could be here any time now.”
“We shouldn’t wait for her before we eat, should we?” Frank asked.
“I wouldn’t.”
“So what’ll you be making?” Frank asked.
“Can I finish watching this first?” Jill said.
“Sure,” Frank said and left the room.  He sensed he was bothering Jill by talking during the movie.  He went upstairs and listened to some music with his headphones.
Jill found him forty minutes later.
“Do you just want something simple like hot dogs?” she asked at the doorway.
“Wait, I can’t hear,” Frank said and turned down the volume of the music.  “So what did you ask?”
“Do you want something simple like hot dogs?”
“Sure.”
Jill forced a smile and then went downstairs.  She set to work with the hot dogs and decided to finish the bag of potato wedges they had started the week before.  The food didn’t take very long to be ready.  By chance, Frank came downstairs just as she was putting the food on plates.
While they were eating, the phone rang.  Jill answered it.
“Hey, Jill.  It’s Samantha,” Jill’s friend called.
Jill could hear noise in the background.  “Hi.  Are you on your way?”
“I left early this morning.  I think I have about an hour and a half left.  Right now, I stopped to eat so don’t worry about waiting for me,” Samantha said.
“We’re just eating dinner now,” Jill told her.
“That’s fine.  I called earlier but the line just rang.”
“I was probably at my job interview.  We still need to get an answering machine,” Jill stated.
“That’s okay.  As long as you’re home when I get there.  Well I’ll see you tonight and I can’t wait to see your house,” Samantha said.
“Thanks for calling.”
“Bye,” Samantha said and hung up.
“How far away is she?” Frank asked as Jill sat at the table.
“She estimates and hour and a half.”
“When did she leave?”
“She said in the morning,” Jill replied.
“And she’s not here yet?”
“She’s taking her time like we did,” Jill snapped.
“But we stayed at a hotel one night.”
“She must have made a couple stops then.  Or maybe she didn’t take the expressway,” Jill said.
During their own drive up, Frank had wanted to drive in one day.  But Jill had persuaded him to leave in the afternoon, get a hotel for the night, and get there the next day.  She didn’t want to rush a six hour drive.  They had also made stops to see a couple attractions so she wasn’t going to criticize Samantha.
They finished their meal and Jill cleaned up.  Frank went to watch TV and Jill read a little more.  She finished all but thirty pages of the book she didn’t like that much when she started to wonder where Samantha was.  She had been reading over two hours now.  Even though she had the bad dream of being locked in the dark, she was reading in the sitting room without windows.  There was something she liked about the room despite her recent dream.  Instead of finishing, she went downstairs in case Samantha had slipped in quietly.  Only Frank was downstairs.
“Samantha didn’t get here yet?” Jill asked.
“No.  I wonder where she is,” Frank said.
“Maybe she got lost,” Jill suggested.
“Do you have her cell phone number?” 
“She doesn’t have one,” Jill said.
“Still?” 
“We don’t have one either, Frank,” Jill said.
“Well maybe we should soon.  Tons of people have them,” Frank said.
Frank and Jill had held out on the modern custom of having a cell phone.  They had discussed it previously and had decided they didn’t know enough people or have important enough business to make the bill worthwhile.  Frank had been the one to complain about the extra expense.
“I thought you said you didn’t want to pay for one,” Jill said.
“That was with paying New York rent.  The mortgage here is a few hundred less so I think I could spare fifty of it for a cell phone,” Frank said.
“I’m not going to stop you,” Jill said and started pacing around the room.  She was starting to get a little worried.  She knew Samantha was probably fine but a thought that she might be in an accident kept creeping into the back of her mind.
“Are you nervous?” Frank asked, observing her pacing.
“A little.  What time is it?”
“Almost nine,” Frank replied.
“And she called a little after six.  I wish she would tell us if she stopped somewhere,” Jill said.
“Well pacing won’t make her get here faster.  Why don’t you do something?”
“You’re right,” Jill said and reluctantly went back upstairs.
She decided to do something on her computer instead of finish the book.  She played one of Frank’s adventure games.  He only owned three adventure games.  The rest were action games where you killed enemies the whole time.  Jill couldn’t get into those ones too much.  But she liked working through a story on the computer.  The game she was currently playing was new and she and Frank hadn’t gotten very far.  One of the others they had beaten and the other they had gotten stuck and gave up a while ago.  She made some progress and estimated it had taken half an hour.
She went downstairs and when she saw the clock, she realized she had been playing for an hour and half.
“Should we be worried?” Jill asked.
“Maybe she’s still in New York and is just playing us,” Frank said.
“Unlike you, she wouldn’t think that was amusing,” Jill retorted.
Frank held up his hands making the ‘I’m innocent’ signal.  Jill frowned.
“They have ten o’clock news in this town, right?” she asked.
“Of course.”
“Can you put it on?” Jill asked.
“You think she’s dead?” Frank asked.
“You’re not helping,” Jill groaned and sat nervously.
Frank put the news on.  They had already missed part of it but what they saw gave no indication anything had happened in the area.  When sports came on it and it was practically eleven Jill really began to get concerned.
“Do you…,” she started to say.
She was interrupted by the doorbell ringing.  She jumped at the noise and then relief swept over her.  She was sure Samantha had finally arrived.
“It’s about time,” Frank mumbled.
Jill ran to the door and opened it.  Samantha was standing there with a suitcase at her feet.
“Hey, Jill!” she exclaimed and hugged her friend.
“Hi, come in,” Jill gave a quick hug back.
“Sorry I’m so late,” Samantha said as Jill closed the door.
“It’s okay.  Did you get lost?” Jill asked.
“A little.  But that only took twenty minutes out of my time,” Samantha replied.
“What happened the other three hours?” Jill asked.
Frank had walked into the entryway.
“Hi,” he said and gave a little wave.
“Hi, Frank.  How are you?” Samantha said in an exaggerated voice.
“Fine.  Can I get your luggage?” he asked.
“Sure.  Do I get to pick which bedroom?” Samantha asked.
“It’s your choice,” Jill said.  “I’ll show them to you.”
“I’ll just wait downstairs till you decide,” Frank said.
“Sure,” Jill said, starting up the stairs with Samantha.
“So there are five?” Samantha asked.
“Yes.  Besides ours that are furnished,” Jill said.
Jill showed her friend the bedrooms one by one.  She left the one with the photo album and her hallucination for last.  Samantha seemed to like that one the best, to Jill’s dismay.
“Maybe I’ll pick this one,” she said, surveying her surroundings.
“Are you sure?  The second one I showed you is nice,” Jill said, referring to the one decorated in white.  She hadn’t had any dreams about that one yet.  Except seeing the lights flashing in the window, she now remembered.
“I like this one,” Samantha said.
Jill wasn’t about to tell her about what she dreamt so she didn’t protest.
“I’ll tell Frank,” Jill said.
“Hey, do you mind if I take a bath?  You know my bathroom only has a stand-up shower.”
Go ahead,” Jill said.
“You wouldn’t happen to have bubbles, would you?”
“As a matter of fact, I did get them,” Jill said.
“Great,” Samantha said and went to start the water.
Jill went downstairs and told Frank where to put Samantha’s suitcase.  Samantha quickly unpacked and then went into the bathroom.  Jill went downstairs to have water while she was bathing.
“Is she taking a bath?” Frank asked as he came into the kitchen to have some juice.
“Yes.  She doesn’t get to do that in her apartment, you know,” Jill said.
“That’s right.  Her bathroom is smaller than ours was,” Frank said.
He came to the table where Jill was sitting.  “So did she tell you what took her so long?”
“You interrupted just as she was about to,” Jill replied.
“Always blaming me for something,” Frank smiled.
“I’ll ask when she gets out or tomorrow.”
“I’m gonna go to bed now.  I still have to work tomorrow,” Frank said, finishing his juice in four gulps.
“Okay.  I may talk to her awhile unless she’s too tired.”
Frank nodded and went upstairs.  Jill finished her water slowly and then went upstairs too.  She caught Samantha coming out of the bathroom in her bathrobe with a towel wrapped around her head.
“Hey.  Are you turning in already?” Samantha asked, sounding like she would be disappointed if Jill said yes.
“I can stay up if you want,” Jill said.
“Then let’s go in the bedroom,” Samantha said.
Jill followed and closed the door.  Samantha scrubbed her hair with the towel and then sat on the edge of the bed.
“I’m sorry I got here so late,” she finally said.
“Was there bad traffic?”
“No.  I was talking to this guy,” Samantha admitted.
“That you just met?  For hours?” Jill exclaimed.  Samantha surprised her all the time.
“Well it’s not like that.  We didn’t even kiss.  But I got his number,” Samantha said.
“Where does he live?” Jill asked.
“In Long Island.  He’s from France and just moved to the country.”
“What was he doing up here?  You had to be at least near Boston when you called,” Jill asked.
“He was visiting someone he met on the internet.  He said it was a total disappointment.  The girl turned out to be fifty and living in a trailer park.  That’s not what she said online,” Samantha said.
“So you were talking about that the whole time?”
“And stuff.  I don’t want to tell every word of our private conversation,” Samantha exclaimed.
“Well you could have called if you got delayed,” Jill said, slightly annoyed with her friend for worrying her.
“Oh, I knew you’d wait up for me.  And I got here before bedtime, didn’t I?” Samantha asked, like she didn’t see what Jill was getting at.
“Well I’m just glad you made it safe,” Jill said.
“So what is there to do around here?” Samantha asked.
“The movies or stores, I guess.”
“Is that all?”
“We’ll find something.  You’re staying a week?” Jill asked.
“About.  I’m getting tired actually and I don’t want to sleep too late tomorrow,” Samantha yawned.
“Then I’ll let you get to bed.  Have a nice sleep,” Jill said and left the room.
Samantha smiled and finished getting ready for bed.
Jill went into her room to find the lights out and Frank already asleep.  She changed into her nightclothes and got in next to him.  She had always known Samantha to be a little boy-crazy but she didn’t totally buy her story about talking to some foreign guy for hours.  Whatever the cause for Samantha’s delay, Jill just felt like sleeping so she could enjoy seeing her friend for a few days.  She fell asleep quickly.




Chapter Twelve




Jill was relieved to wake up without having had another nightmare.  She looked at the clock.  It was almost ten in the morning.  She stretched and got out of bed, then went to see if Samantha was up.
Jill knocked lightly on Samantha’s door.  Samantha groaned from inside.
Jill entered.  “Good morning.”
“Good morning,” Samantha said sleepily.
“Did you sleep well?” Jill asked.
“So-so,” Samantha replied.
“Do you want me to make breakfast?” Jill offered.
“That would be great.”
“It’ll be ready in about twenty minutes,” Jill said and went downstairs.
She made English muffins, scrambled eggs, and bacon.  Samantha came down after exactly twenty minutes.  She forced a smile at Jill and took a seat at the table.  Jill finished shortly and brought the food over for herself and Samantha.
Jill watched Samantha sprinkle a lot of salt and pepper on her eggs before eating them.
“You know I like flavor,” Samantha remarked when she noticed Jill stare.
“Well that would be too much for me, but you can have as much as you want.”
They ate silently for a few moments.  Jill was about to ask something but Samantha spoke first.
“Jill, do you have an attic?” 
“Yes.  I haven’t been up there yet.  Why?”
“It’s just…  I don’t want to sound crazy but I heard creaking on the ceiling all night.  Like someone was walking around up there,” Samantha said, sounding unsure of herself.
Jill felt her heart beat a little faster but stayed calm.  “Well Frank and I were in bed all night as far as I know.  And there couldn’t be anyone living up there that we don’t know about.”
“I know.  I guess it was just the house settling.  Do you know when this place was built?”
“I think in the fifties,” Jill answered.
“Oh.  Well it just made me nervous a little,” Samantha said.
“You could try one of the other bedrooms tonight.  Frank and I have never heard anything in the attic from where we sleep.”
“Maybe.  Do you mind taking a look up there to see what it could be?” Samantha asked hesitantly.
Jill really didn’t want to.  She only saw the stairs leading up to the attic once and they gave her a feeling of dread.  But she could ask Frank to go.
“Maybe I’ll get Frank to check it out when he gets home,” Jill said.
“Thanks.  So I hear he’s a manager of a restaurant now?”
“Yes.  We ate there when we first got here.  Larry, his friend from college owns it and offered him the job,” Jill stated.
“Have I ever met Larry?”
“I doubt it.  We didn’t know Frank in college and Larry’s been living up here for six years,” Jill said.
“Oh.  Well it sounds like a good deal.  Personally I like the city but I guess you two were getting sick of it, huh?” Samantha asked.
“A little.  I love having a driveway and a backyard.  And you know I never had a car in Manhattan because it was such a hassle, especially to park.”
“So now you have a car of your own?  Is it the white one I noticed in the driveway?” Samantha asked.
“You guessed it.”
“Well you have to take me somewhere today.  Your house is lovely, but pardon me if I don’t want to stay inside all day.”
“I need to get out for a while too.  We can have lunch somewhere and then do something,” Jill said.
“Sure.”
Jill finished her breakfast while Samantha was still working on it.  Then Jill thought of something she didn’t remember to ask the night before.
“So is it over between you and Rick?”
“Why do you ask?” Samantha wondered.
“Because you’re meeting French guys and talking to them for hours,” Jill stated.
“Oh.  Well Rick and I are still together.  Sort of.  But we recently agreed we’re allowed to date other people if we find someone we like,” Samantha said.
“And if you end up liking the new guy better than Rick?” 
“Then I’ll just be friends with Rick.  We’ve known each other a long time.  I don’t want to never see him again,” Samantha said.
“Well I wouldn’t do that but it’s your life.  I just wish you would have called last night to say you were going to be late,” Jill said.
“Did you think something happened to me?” 
“I started to.”
“Sorry.  I got so interested in Pierre that I lost track of the time and didn’t want to ruin the moment,” Samantha said.
“So do you like him?” 
“Kind of.  I haven’t decided yet whether I’ll call or not.  But I’ll at least wait till I’m back home,” Samantha said.
“Have you seen the rest of the downstairs?” Jill changed the subject.
“No.  I’d love to as soon as I’m done eating.”
Samantha finished eating shortly after and Jill cleaned up.  Then Jill showed Samantha the dining room, which she found stunning.  Samantha also loved the game room.  She asked for a game of pool and Jill agreed.  Samantha beat her.  Then they watched TV for a couple hours.  Samantha liked morning game shows.
About one, they left the house.  Jill had no particular place in mind to eat but she drove around and stopped at a restaurant she liked the looks of.  They ate slowly and talked about what Jill’s plans were.  Samantha knew Jill liked to write, but didn’t know she was serious about finishing a novel within the year.
Then they found a park with a walking trail through the woods.  After walking they sat on a bench in the sun.  It started getting cloudy and cool after awhile and Jill thought rain might be coming so they left.  When they got home, Jill left Samantha watching TV and she finished her book.  She had only had one more she hadn’t read yet so she told herself to go the bookstore or library soon.
Jill started the new book and Frank found her in the sitting room a while later.
“Hey.  Did you have fun today?” he asked.
“Yeah.  We ate lunch out and went to a park.”
“Did Samantha say what kept her so long last night?”
“She said she was talking to this French guy for a long time,” Jill stated.
“That’s typical of her,” Frank sighed.  He didn’t feel it was his place to lecture Samantha but he didn’t agree with her for doing that.
Jill became suddenly bothered by what Samantha said earlier about hearing noises in the attic.  So she said, “Frank, do you ever hear creaking noises coming from the attic?”
“No.  Do you?”
“Samantha did.  She said it bothered her all night,” Jill told him.
“What do you think it could be?” Frank asked.
“Should we go up and look?  I hope it’s not mice,” Jill said.
“I’ll go now,” Frank said and started walking away.
She followed.  She once again entered the room that was bare and had stairs leading up to the attic.  Frank approached them without hesitation, but Jill became nervous as she got closer.  She had a weird feeling something was up there.  She at first was going to follow Frank up but then stayed near the bottom of the steps.
“You’re not coming up too?” he asked.
“No.  You go,” Jill said nervously.
“Scared, huh?” he grinned and then was out of sight.
Jill heard him moving around.  A thought crept into her head that something up there would attack him.  But she knew that was ridiculous.  Then she started thinking of all the strange things that really had happened in the house.  She hoped the attic wasn’t where the ghosts, if there were any, were hiding.
Samantha came to the door just then.
“Is Frank up there?” 
“Yes.  It really sounded like someone walking?” Jill asked.
“Yeah.  I was afraid to get out of bed until the morning,” Samantha replied.
The girls heard a loud bang and Jill jumped.
“Frank!” she yelled, her heart beating faster.
She started to walk up the steps but then heard Frank come back down.  When he came down, he had some thick dust on his pants but didn’t appear to be harmed.
“What happened?” Jill asked.
“Nothing,” Frank snapped.
Jill noticed a look in Frank’s eye she didn’t like.  Something seemed to be different about him.  He seemed angrier.
“What was that noise?” Samantha asked.
“Will you damn women stop worrying?  There’s nothing up there!” he said hotly.
“Frank!” Jill scolded.
Frank stormed out of the room muttering under his breath.  Samantha shrugged her shoulders.
“What got into him?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know.  But at least he didn’t meet anyone up there,” Samantha replied.
“I guess he’s mad about something that happened at work then,” Jill said and left the room.
“Are you going to furnish that room?” Samantha asked in the hall.
“Eventually,” Jill said.
They went downstairs and found Frank drinking a beer in the kitchen.
“You got more?” Jill asked.
“Yes!” Frank snapped.
Jill was a little startled by how harshly he said it, but she let it go.
“What’s for dinner?” Frank asked.
“I haven’t decided yet,” Jill said.
“I had such a big lunch I’m not that hungry,” Samantha said.
“I didn’t have a big lunch so I am hungry,” Frank said snottily.
“If you keep talking to me in that tone, you can do all the cooking yourself,” Jill said.
Frank glared at her.  Just then, the phone rang.  Jill answered it.  It was Lindsey from Trendy Miss.  Frank and Samantha saw Jill smile while talking.  Jill put the phone down.
“Well?” Frank asked.
“I got the job!” Jill said.
“Great!” Samantha exclaimed.
“Personally I don’t understand why someone with a college degree would want to work for minimum wage,” Frank said grouchily.
“It’s more than minimum,” Jill said, mad at Frank for ruining her moment.
“Barely,” Frank said.
“Look Frank.  For now it’s fine.  I don’t even know how many good jobs there are in this area so I’ll take it,” she said loudly.
“Fine, but I guess you’ll have to get your new clothes at Walmart instead of Macy’s,” Frank said and left the room.
Samantha suppressed a laugh.  “He’s in a mood tonight, isn’t he?”
“Don’t worry about him,” Jill said and poured herself some soda.
She didn’t know why Frank was so grouchy all of a sudden but she would bring it up later.  Jill decided to make grilled chicken and rice.  Frank came in and sat at the table while she was finishing.  He was silent until Jill asked him how the food was.
“I’ve had better,” he replied.
“Well excuse me,” Jill said.  “Just the other day you were saying I should be a chef.”
“You’d be fired in a day,” Frank said rudely.
Jill glared at him.  She didn’t know if something was bothering him or if he was mad at her for some reason.  He didn’t seem so mad when he first came home from work.  Just after he got back down from the attic.  Had he seen something up there and wasn’t telling?
Samantha also sensed something was bothering Frank.  She had been around him many times in the past and aside from an occasional remark, he wasn’t this fresh.  So she switched the conversation to a topic she knew Frank would stay out of.  Male celebrities.  Jill took the lead and didn’t even look in Frank’s direction for the rest of the meal.  Frank sulked silently and left the table before they did.
After dinner and ice cream for dessert, they ordered a pay-per-view movie and watched it with Frank.  Jill snuck a few looks at him during the movie.  Something seemed different about him.  She couldn’t put her finger on it, but even without saying anything, he seemed different.  And she didn’t like it.
The movie ended and Frank’s comment was, “God.  Was that awful.”
“It wasn’t that bad,” Jill said.
“Please.  The people who produced that should be fined,” Frank grunted.
Jill was about to argue, but Samantha broke in.  “Can I take another bath?”
“Sure,” Jill said.
Frank watched her leave the room.  After he heard the door close upstairs, he said, “I don’t know, Jill.  Maybe you should think about getting new friends.”
“Excuse me?” Jill yelled.
“I mean, she makes us wait for her and then shows up three hours late.  I wish I was her father so I could so something,” Frank said.
“I don’t think she realized she was being so rude.  She just lost track of time, I guess.”
“You women are always sticking up for each other.  But if I did that to you, you’d have a fit,” Frank said.
“Just let it go.  She’s still my friend,” Jill said.
“I’m going out for a drive,” Frank suddenly said and got up.
“When will you be back?” Jill asked.
Frank ignored her and slammed the front door as he went out.  Jill hoped his angry spell wouldn’t last much longer.  Jill sighed and watched TV for a while.  She heard Samantha come out of the bathroom and go into her bedroom.  Frank came home a little after ten and without saying a word about where he had been, went into the game room.  He hadn’t brought any bags in with him, so Jill didn’t know what to think.
She went upstairs after the news, brushed her teeth and changed, and brought her book into bed with her.  She read for a little bit.  Frank came in while she was at an interesting part.
He got in beside her and started groping her.  Jill tried to read despite him touching her.  Frank kissed her neck and started trying to push her book away.
“Hey.  What do you think you’re doing?”
“What does it look like I’m doing?” he demanded.
“I don’t feel like it after the way you’ve acted tonight,” Jill said.
“You’re my wife,” Frank said and groped her more forcefully. 
He climbed on top of her and started undressing her.
“Frank.  Samantha’s in the next room!” she yelled.
“She can’t hear,” he said, ignoring her.
“Damnit.  I said I’m not in the mood!” Jill yelled.
Frank ignored her.  Jill didn’t know what to do.  Technically, husbands and wives couldn’t rape each other.  At least not from what she knew of the law.  She wished he wouldn’t but if it came to a fight, he was stronger.  She just gritted her teeth and hoped he would get off her soon.
Frank made love to her more roughly than he ever had before.  He grabbed her hands and kissed her almost violently.  Jill felt too mad at him for words.  He was usually pretty sensitive in bed and that night he seemed very selfish.  When he was done, he got off her and went to sleep.  Jill lay awake recovering for a while.  She wondered if she would have any bruises in the morning.  He had left her feeling violated.  In the morning, she would have to get him to talk about whatever was making him act like this.  She wasn’t going to put up with bedroom behavior like that for the rest of her life.
Jill shut out the light and fell asleep a little after two in the morning.




Chapter Thirteen




Jill was disappointed to awake at after ten in the morning, over two hours after Frank left.  She had wanted to talk to him before he left for work.  Now she would have to wait until he got home.  Still feeling a little violated from the night before, she got out of bed, got dressed and went downstairs.
Samantha was having a cup of juice in the kitchen.  Jill forced a smile and poured some milk for herself.
“Is everything okay?” Samantha noticed Jill seemed a little uneasy.
“Not really.  I guess I should tell you,” Jill said, sitting down.  “Frank was very rough with me in bed last night.”
“He’s not usually?” Samantha asked.
“No.  He’s considerate in that area.  And I told him I didn’t feel like it, but he did anyway.”
“Maybe something’s bothering him.  He seemed different all last night.”
“I wish he would tell me if something was instead of acting like a creep,” Jill said.
“It’ll work out.  You two make a good couple,” Samantha said.
“I hope so.  I still love him, though I’m feeling very mad at him right now,” Jill stated.
“So do you have to start work today?  I forgot to ask.”
“No.  Tomorrow,” Jill told her.
“Then what should we do?” Samantha asked.
Jill was startled by the phone ringing.  She got up and answered it.
“Is this Jill?” a familiar voice asked.
“Yes.  Who’s this?”
“Naomi.  I was, uh, hoping we could have a second talk,” Naomi said.
“Definitely!” Jill exclaimed.  She was glad Naomi had decided to open up.  There was a lot Jill wanted to know.
“So I’m not doing much today,” Naomi started to say.
“I could drive over this afternoon,” Jill said, not caring if Frank would miss their conversation.
“Sure.  I’ll be waiting,” Naomi said.
They said good-bye and hung up.
“Who was that?” Samantha asked.
Jill really didn’t want to worry Samantha so she just said, “Someone who used to live here.”
“Oh.  That’s interesting.  How did you meet?”
“Through someone who knows her.  Look, would you think it rude if I went somewhere by myself for a little while this afternoon?”
“No.  I have my own car.  I could find something to do on my own,” Samantha said, sensing something was going on but not wanting to pry.
“Thanks,” Jill said and then remembered Naomi’s hints about the house.  “So did you still hear noises last night?”
Samantha took a deep breath and then spoke.  “Actually yes.  And I know this sounds ridiculous, but I thought I felt someone get into bed with me!”
Jill’s eyes widened.  “Did they do anything?”
“No.  Just laid there.  But unless they were invisible, no one was there so I don’t know what to think,” Samantha said.
“Other than that did you sleep well?” Jill asked.
“Well a scream woke me in the middle of the night.  You didn’t hear it, did you?”
“No, but our bedroom faces the backyard,” Jill said.
“Well some girl was screaming bloody murder.  I almost got up and called the police.  But then it stopped,” Samantha said.
Jill felt nervous after hearing what Samantha said.  What if her house was haunted?  But despite everything that happened, Jill wasn’t ready to accept that.  So she said, “It must have been from outside.”
“I hope,” Samantha said and looked away.
“Did you go to the window to check?” 
“Yeah, I couldn’t see anything.”
Jill had a quick debate in her mind whether or not to tell Samantha about all that had happened since she moved to the house.  Including her startling dreams.  But after a few moments thought, she decided not to.
“I’m just having some oatmeal.  Do you want anything?” Jill got up from the table.
“That sounds fine actually.  I don’t think I’ve had oatmeal in at least a year.”
Jill had bought instant oatmeal at the supermarket so it was very easy to make.  She and Samantha enjoyed it.  After that, Jill went upstairs to go online and left Samantha watching game shows in the living room.
When she went online, she saw an e-mail from her parents.  They were just checking up on her so she sent a quick reply, not mentioning the previous night with Frank.  She did mention she bought a car and found a part-time job.  Then she looked up her bank and credit accounts online.  Everything seemed in order.
After that, it was almost noon, so she figured she better get going to Naomi’s.  She went downstairs, said bye to Samantha and left the house.  
Jill was surprised when she saw the cat from the other day in her driveway.  It meowed when it saw her.
“Hey kitty.  Back again?” Jill said sweetly.
The cat just stared at her.  Jill didn’t bother going over to it, but got in her car and pulled out of the driveway.  Traffic was light on the way to Naomi’s.
Naomi opened the door before Jill could knock.
“Come in,” she said and then noticed Jill was alone.  “Your husband’s not coming?”
“He has to work,” Jill replied quickly.
“So sit down.  I’m sorry your stay was so brief last time,” Naomi said.
“That’s okay,” Jill said.
“So how have things been over there?” Naomi asked, taking a seat herself.
“Good,” Jill lied.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if you said differently,” Naomi said.
Jill remembered her dream and wanting to ask Naomi about the prostitute’s names.  “Well I’ve had a few bad dreams.  And I wanted to ask you something.”
“Shoot,” Naomi said.
“Were any of the other prostitutes named Veronica Davenport?”
“Yes.  I remember her well,” Naomi said.
Jill didn’t know how to feel but kept going, “How about Marilu?  Or Phylicia?”
“Yes, Jill.  Those were two of the others,” Naomi said with an odd smile.  “Did you dream about them?”
“Yes.  The day after I saw you at the supermarket.  And it was such a dream.  I was scared I was never going to wake up.”
“I know.  I was there,” Naomi said.
“What do you mean?” Jill demanded.
“Something I learned at my stay in your house was how to enter other people’s dreams.”
“That’s possible?” Jill was dumbstruck.
“You talked back to Gary, didn’t you?  And got locked in the prison room,” Naomi said.
“That’s amazing.  How do you know that?” Jill asked.
“I told you.  I was there.  As myself though.  Remember you asked me how I was doing at lunch?” Naomi said.
Jill was caught off guard.  She didn’t know what to think.
“So Gary was really like that?  That’s how the other hookers really looked?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” Naomi said simply.
“Wow.  I never knew dreams could be like that,” Jill said.
“Well they can.  Your subconscious sometimes knows things your conscious mind doesn’t.”
“Am I in danger?” Jill suddenly asked.
“In danger how?” 
“Like dying in my sleep?”
Naomi laughed.  “I doubt that would happen.  I think that’s actually a myth because I’ve had dreams where I’ve been killed and I still woke up.  But you need to be careful.”
“So can you tell me more about when you lived there?  And those guys you mentioned who disappeared.  I don’t think you told me everything,” Jill said, calming herself.
“You’re right.  I didn’t,” Naomi said.  “Well let me start at the beginning.  The house was built in 1956 by a corrupt developer.  His name was Michael Trent.  He stole money from the business and from the construction workers pensions.”
“Was he caught?” Jill interrupted.
“I’m getting there.  Well this had been happening for a few years before he started working on your house.  But during its construction, one of the employees found out.  I forget exactly how, but I think he overheard a phone conversation and then looked into things.  He found out what Michael was doing and confronted him.  Well the man, his name was Lars, was never seen again.”
“I think I know why.  Michael killed him, didn’t he?”
“I’m sure of it.  But they never found his body.  Anyway, after the house was finished, Michael disappeared along with a large chunk of his business’s money,” Naomi said.
“Did he die?”
“Well the rumor going around was that he fled the country.  Took the money and went to one of the Pacific islands.  But if you want my opinion, he died.”
“It was never proven that he died?” Jill asked.
“Not to my knowledge.  Now to the part of the story you came for.  Do you want to hear it?”
“As long as you’re not gonna tell me my house was built on some ancient Indian burial ground,” Jill moaned.
“No.  Nothing like that.  But have you ever heard of the golden angle or golden ratio?” Naomi asked.
“Is it anything like the golden rule?” Jill asked.
“Not really.  You know how things like credit cards are all the same size?” 
“Yes,” Jill replied.
“Well there’s a ratio of length to width that’s found to be pleasing to the eye and in other regards.  Well there’s something similar in architecture.  Certain room dimensions that are harmonious and others that produce discord.”
“I think I see where you’re going,” Jill said.
“Michael built some of the rooms in dimensions shown to be discordant.  It’s not even noticeable in all of them, but supposedly it harbors negative energy.”
“Like evil spirits?” Jill asked.
“Yes.  I know you’re not going to want to hear this after traveling all the way up here from New York, but there’s an evil being in your house.  Some say it’s the ghost of Lars or Michael or both.  Some say it came from somewhere else,” Naomi said.
“So what can I do?” Jill asked.
“For starters, make sure there’s love between you and your husband.  The spirit feeds on hate.  That’s why he got strong when there was a brothel in your house.  Night after night of meaningless sex and no love.”
“He?”
“We called him Ike,” Naomi said.
“In my dream, that’s what Marilu called him,” Jill stated.
“I gave you that dream to give you a clue what it was like for us girls while we were there,” Naomi said.
“Gary was that bad?”
“On a good day.  But now to the interesting part.  The first year or so, nothing much happened.  Occasionally, a light would go on or off by itself or the phone would ring and no one would be there.  But then Ike demanded he give us one of the men who came to use our services,” Naomi said calmly.
“What do you mean give him one of the men?” Jill asked.
“Give him the man’s soul,” Naomi said.  “None of us knew what to do.  But one of the girls, Jasmine, caved in.  Ike took the man after they finished having sex in her bedroom.”
“You mean killed the man,” Jill tried to clarify what Naomi was saying.
“Not exactly.  Supposedly, the man’s soul is still in the house.  He never got to move on,” Naomi said.
“Wow.  So you mentioned fifteen guys who disappeared.  Did…?”
“Yes.  Ike took their souls and Jasmine was almost always the one to give them to him.  She became evil.  At first it was one a year or less.  But then Ike demanded another more often.  All the girls became afraid.  We felt horrible about what was happening but no one would believe us if we told.  And we could have gotten in big trouble ourselves for being prostitutes.”
“So finally when it happened to a political figure, it ended?” Jill asked.
“Yes.  We were shut down,” Naomi said.
“What happened to Gary?” Jill asked.
“He left us in 1967.  He was killed in some drug related incident.  Then a madame who was a callgirl in Europe during the war took over.  She was in her late forties and we all liked her better.  She stayed with us until we were shut down.”
Jill remembered her first nightmare about the people on the bed.  “Do you have a picture of Jasmine?”
“Let me see,” Naomi rose from the couch and over to a desk.
She rifled through some drawers and then pulled out a photograph.  She showed it to Jill.  Jill wasn’t surprised, but was still horrified, to see the woman from her dream in the photograph.
“I dreamt about her,” Jill said.
“On a separate occasion?” Naomi asked.
“Yes.  There were candles everywhere and I walked in to find her having sex with some guy on the bed,” Jill said.
“She did love candles,” Naomi said airily.
“Does this mean I have to move?” Jill said feeling worried.
“You don’t have to, honey.  There’s been people who lived in the house for years without any major problem,” Naomi said.
“But so many things have happened since I moved in there.  The milk has been left out twice, someone ruined one of my books, I’ve heard noises on the phone, and the list goes on.  Not to mention my dreams!” Jill said.
“I don’t know what to tell you.  I feel for you, I really do.  It must be disappointing to hear all this about your new home.  But if I gave you any advice, it would be to not let Ike destroy your marriage.  Then he could destroy the both of you,” Naomi said seriously.
Jill let Naomi’s words sink in for a few moments.  Then something came to her mind, “Those guys who Ike “killed”.  What happened to their bodies?”
“I think they’re hidden in the house.  I’m pretty sure Michael put in a secret room or two.  But I never found them.”
“I don’t think I want to after over thirty years,” Jill said.
“Then don’t look.  Little things have happened, but your life hasn’t been in danger yet, has it?”
“No.  I guess not,” Jill said.
“Then take that as a good sign,” Naomi said and paused.  “Well if you have any more questions, I’d be happy to tell.”
“Maybe about the other occupants,” Jill said.
“You might want to go to the library to look up that.  I’ve stayed away from that house since the early seventies,” Naomi said.
“Things got in the paper?” Jill asked.
“Some things did,” Naomi simply replied.
“Should I be afraid to look for more?  You’ve told me a lot already,” Jill said.
“I think it’s best if you know what you’re dealing with,” Naomi said.
“Well I appreciate you seeing me again,” Jill said.
“Sure.  I heard from Billie’s mom that she saw you in church on Sunday.  After thinking it over, I decided to tell you more.  And another thing, faith can help in tough times if you know what I mean,” Naomi said.
“Yes, thank you,” Jill said and got up.
Naomi led her to the door.
“Well I’ll be seeing ya,” Naomi said and shut the door behind Jill.
Jill stood where she was a moment.  So there could be dead bodies on the grounds of her house.  It didn’t exactly make her feel like going back home.  But she did anyway.
 As she was pulling into her driveway, her house was not a welcome sight.  She wondered why someone hadn’t demolished it after all that had happened.  She took a deep breath before opening the front door.
She hadn’t noticed Samantha’s car in the driveway so she assumed she would be gone for a while.  Jill made herself a sandwich for lunch and then went upstairs to write.  She took her time, concentrating on the words.  She heard the door slam some time later and knew Frank was home.
She saved her file and marched downstairs.  Frank gave her a rotten look when he saw her.
“Did you get whatever you needed to out of your system?” Jill said.
“What are you talking about?”
“The way you treated me in bed last night.  If that’s the way you’re going to be from now on, we’re going to have a problem.”
“Oh, come on.  I can’t sleep with my own wife?” Frank yelled.
“You were violent!”
“It’s been over a week, Jill.  I’m not a priest.  I have needs,” Frank said like that was that.
“Yes, but don’t forget that I’m a person,” Jill said.
Frank rolled his eyes and mumbled something Jill couldn’t hear.  He walked into the kitchen and took a beer out of the refrigerator.
“Where’s your friend?” he asked as Jill followed him.
“I don’t know.  She went out to do something by herself,” Jill said.
“And you didn’t go with her?”
“Actually Naomi called and I went to see her.  I didn’t want to drag Samantha to that,” Jill said.
“You want to talk to that old slut?” Frank snapped.
“I think she’s nice,” Jill said.
“Nice if you give her fifty dollars to have sex with her.”
“She hasn’t done that in years.  And another thing, I don’t like this fresh mouth of yours,” Jill said.
“You women.  You can say whatever you want to each other but once a man comes in the room!”
“Will you stop saying ‘you women’!” Jill was getting angry and almost started to cry.  Naomi had specifically warned her about ruining her marriage.  She didn’t want to fight with her husband AND live in a haunted house.
Frank looked the other way.  Jill decided to try and not provoke him.
She put his arm on his shoulder.  “Frank, is something wrong?”
“Leave me alone,” he grumbled and walked away from her grip.
“We’re married.  We shouldn’t have secrets,” Jill said.
“Nothing’s wrong!” Frank yelled forcefully.
Jill gave up and left the room.  She had been planning to talk to him about what Naomi said but now wasn’t going to bother.  At least not till he was acting like himself.  
Jill tried to read to take her mind off things.  After twenty minutes of reading, Samantha came back.  Jill greeted her and saw Samantha had some bags.
“What did you buy?” Jill asked.
“Just some boots and gaudy jewelry.  The jewelry is for my relatives,” Samantha replied.
“Oh.”
“Do you feel like going out to eat?  The three of us?” Samantha asked.
Jill wasn’t sure if she wanted to.  If Frank was going to continue to be grouchy, she would rather stay home.  But Frank had overheard and approached.
“We can go out to eat.  It’s your vacation,” Frank said.
The last thing Jill wanted was a big fight so she agreed.  Samantha suggested a hotel restaurant that was a little more upscale than the usual fare.  None of them was dressed inappropriately and Samantha said she would pay for herself so Frank and Jill agreed.
They were served a five course meal.  All three had chicken entrees.  Frank seemed a little nicer at dinner but Jill still noticed an odd look in his eye.  He didn’t say anything until after their entrees came.
“My chicken’s a little cold.  Like it was sitting there,” Samantha complained.
“Then send it back,” Jill suggested.
“I don’t want to seem rude,” Samantha said.
“That didn’t concern you the other night,” Frank snapped.
“What do you mean?” Samantha asked.
“Jill told me why you were late.  I mean, really.  Someone would have to be a real flake to talk to a strange guy for hours and worry people who are expecting her,” Frank said.
“Knock it off, Frank,” Jill said.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t know I upset you that much,” Samantha said, seeming remorseful and not wanting to fight.
“Well you did.  We thought you were dead,” Frank said.
“She said she’s sorry,” Jill said slowly.
“Is she?” Frank asked.
“Listen, mister.  There’s some things I could bother you about so why don’t you drop it,” Jill said, getting annoyed.
Frank made a sarcastic gesture of fear and said, “Alright, then.”
Samantha looked a little sad but no one brought up Samantha’s lateness for the rest of the meal.  After dessert, Samantha said, “I feel like a cocktail at the bar.”
“I guess I could have one,” Jill said.
The three of them walked to the bar area and ordered drinks.  Frank ordered a screwdriver and drank it in less than a minute.
“Bartender.  Can I have another?” he waved.
“How many are you planning on having tonight?” Jill asked.
“When I feel like stopping, that’s how many,” Frank said.
Jill growled silently.  She didn’t want Frank to drive her and Samantha home drunk so she had an idea.
“Frank, honey, I think I left my wallet in the car.  Can you look?” she said sweetly.
“I don’t know,” Frank groaned.
“Please,” Jill said.
“Why can’t you go yourself?” Frank asked.
“Cause I’m too comfortable to go all the way over there,” Jill said in a bimbo voice.
“Fine,” Frank muttered and walked away.
“Excuse me, sir,” Jill motioned to the bartender after Frank left.  The bartender approached her.  “Whatever he orders, can you give him the non-alcoholic version for the rest of the night and not tell him?”
“Sure, miss,” the bartender said politely.
“Good thinking,” Samantha whispered.
“I know.  And don’t let him upset you,” Jill said consolingly.
“Maybe it was a mistake on my part,” Samantha admitted.
“Well it happened.  So just be glad you made it here safely,” Jill said.
Frank came back a few minutes later scowling.
“There was no wallet in the car,” he said.
“Sorry.  It’s here in my purse and I didn’t see it,” Jill said, trying to put on an airhead act.
“I guess it’s my fault.  I married her,” Frank said to a guy nearby and then sat down to finish his drink.
Samantha tried not to laugh at the remark.  Jill ignored it.  Frank ordered three more drinks, thinking they all had alcohol.  Jill was disappointed in him.  She knew he had drank more in college, but he had been sensible all the time she knew him.  It was getting late when they finally left the hotel.  Samantha offered to drive but Frank wouldn’t let her.
Samantha had gotten tired so she went upstairs to get ready for bed as soon as she walked in the door.  Frank had a snack and Jill went upstairs to read without saying anything to him.  Jill eyes were getting tired when Frank came in the bedroom.
He got in next to her without saying a word.  He then shut out the light while Jill was still reading.
“Frank!” Jill yelled.
“I have to sleep,” Frank whined.
“You could have said so.  I was in the middle of a sentence.” 
“You have hours tomorrow to read your stupid book,” Frank said dismissively.
“You’re right.  Reading is stupid,” Jill retorted and moved down to the lying position on the bed.
As Jill tried to go to sleep, she had a feeling she was going to having another nightmare.  The feeling made her nervous but she knew she couldn’t avoid it.  She needed sleep every night.  Even in college, she had never pulled an all-nighter because she was a wreck the next day if she didn’t sleep.  She hoped the nightmare, if her feeling was right, would be over soon.




Chapter Fourteen




Jill found herself in bed with the sun shining through the window.  Frank was gone but the clock read seven-thirty.  Someone knocked on the door.
Jill thought it was Samantha and said, “Come in.”
Jill was surprised to see Frank enter carrying a tray of food.
“I made you breakfast,” he said sweetly and carried it over to her.
“That’s so thoughtful,” Jill said, ready to forgive him for anything.
“I thought it over.  And I’ve been a jerk lately.  I just wanted you to know I appreciate you,” Frank said sitting on the edge of the bed and stroking her leg through the covers.
“Was something bothering you?” Jill asked, ready to be sympathetic.
“Well,” Frank started to answer.
A loud noise downstairs startled them both.
“What was that?” Jill asked pushing the food aside and getting out of bed.
“I don’t know,” Frank said.
Frank followed Jill out the door and down the stairs.
“Down here!” an unfamiliar women’s voice screamed.
“Was that from the basement?” Frank asked.
“I think so,” Jill said.
Jill felt brave for some reason and didn’t mind being the first one to go down the basement stairs.  She reached the bottom and gasped.
A woman she didn’t recognize was handcuffed to the furnace.
“Please help me!” the woman said, trying to break free.
“Who are you?  Who did this to you?” Jill demanded and ran over to the woman.
She looked at the handcuff.  She had no idea how to unlock it.
“Do you know how to open this, Frank?” Jill asked.
But Frank wasn’t there.
“Frank.  You have to come down here!” Jill yelled.
Jill heard nothing upstairs.
“What’s your name?” Jill asked the woman, forgetting about Frank for the time being.
“Jennifer,” the woman said.
“How did you get down here?” Jill asked.
“I was eating with the others and then I felt sick.  Everything after is a blur.  I don’t know who put me down here,” Jennifer said.
Jill’s heart sank as she realized she might be dreaming.
“Who are the others?” Jill continued.
“I don’t know.  This is the first time I’ve been here,” Jennifer said.
If it was a dream, Jill wished she would wake up.  If it wasn’t, Jill wanted answers.  Somehow, Jill managed to open the handcuff.
“Thank you,” Jennifer said.
“Let’s get upstairs,” Jill said and led the woman out of the basement.
As soon as they reached the door, two men in ski masks grabbed Jennifer and dragged her into the game room.
“NO!” Jennifer screamed.
Jill was about to go after them, but they slid the doors closed and Jill heard a click.  She tried to open the sliding doors.  They were locked.  Jill could hear commotion coming from the other side.  
Jill then heard a bloodcurdling scream and became paralyzed with fear.  She sensed Jennifer was being killed or seriously attacked in the game room.  Still not totally sure if it was a dream, Jill ran through the house.  If it wasn’t a dream, what happened to Frank?  Jill felt awful when she realized the men who grabbed Jennifer could have grabbed Frank.  But who were they and what were they doing in her house?
Jill decided to go next door to Mabel’s and call for help.  She ran out the front door.  As soon as she started walking, an extremely strong wind blew through the area.  Jill could barely walk.  The wind became hurricane strength.  Jill was about to try and get back into her own house, but she felt the wind pick her up.  She flew through the air like a doll.  
Jill screamed as she saw she was about to collide with the wall of Mabel’s house.  She heard a slam and then was up in her own bed.  It was still dark outside and Frank was sleeping peacefully next to her.

Jill was upset.  When she had seen Frank being so considerate, she thought she had gotten a restful night’s sleep and things might be okay.  But now she was unsettled.  She didn’t want to fall asleep again and risk another nightmare so she lay in bed with her eyes open.
The sun rose slowly and the room gradually became brighter.  Jill thought about all that had happened in the past two weeks.  She had been eagerly waiting an idyllic new life in New England.  But everything so far had been a disaster.  She was being plagued with nightmares far more often than she could handle.  She was now ready to accept the existence of ghosts and spirits playing pranks on her and Frank.  Hopefully that’s as far as the ghosts would go.  And the past few days, Frank had seemed menacing.  Like he was possessed.  She wished he would be like he was in the dream.  But when he woke up, he snorted and looked away from her.
“You’re up early,” he muttered.
“I had another bad dream,” Jill said.
“Maybe you should see someone about that,” Frank said, getting out of bed.
“Like a psychiatrist?” Jill knew what he meant.
“Exactly.  He could give you a pill to stop your bitching,” Frank said.
“Excuse me!  I’ve been under a lot of stress lately,” Jill said.
“And I’m sure it’s all my fault.  Including the dreams,” Frank snapped.
“Why would I think my dreams are your fault?” 
“Cause I made you move up here.  And you don’t like it.”
“Well would it be possible to move?” Jill asked, seeing that as the only way to have some peace.  She was getting afraid to be in her own house.
Jill wasn’t surprised when Frank came back with a firm, “No!”
“But,”
“But nothing,” Frank said and left the room carrying some clothes to change into.
Jill sulked until she heard Frank leave.  Then she got up to check on Samantha.  Jill opened the door, expecting to see Samantha sleeping.  But the bed was empty and the covers were pulled back.
Thinking she was downstairs, that’s where Jill went.  But the entire downstairs was empty.
“Samantha!” Jill called, hoping to hear someone return her call.
But Jill just heard silence.  Feeling a little worried, Jill opened the front door to see if Samantha had gone out early.  But her car was in the driveway.  Feeling uneasy, Jill made herself some coffee.  While she was drinking her coffee, she was expecting Samantha to show up, from being outside or in one of the other rooms upstairs.  But she didn’t.
As it got closer to the time Jill had to leave for work, she started to feel worried.  Where was Samantha?  Had something happened to her?  Especially after Samantha’s talk of noises the previous nights and what Jill heard about her house, she didn’t leave for work in a cheerful mood.
But she forced herself to be positive and entered Trendy Miss.  She walked up to the register and introduced herself.
“Hi, I’m Jill Mulberry,” she said.
“Hi, so you got the job?  Well I’m Candace and I’ll be training you,” a pretty young woman with dark permed hair said.
Jill shook her hand.
“You will be getting a nametag but it’s not ready yet,” Candace said.  “Lindsey won’t be here for a couple hours so just stick by me.”
Candace started by showing Jill around the store and describing some of the sales.
“We usually get a peak in business after two and lasting until six or so,” Candace was saying.
Jill looked at the clothes better.  The prices were affordable but Jill didn’t know if she could see herself wearing many of the pieces.  After that, Candace showed Jill how to use the register which was attached to a computer.  Jill picked it up quickly.  Just as Candace was finishing Jill’s practice with the register, the first customer of the day came in.  It was a blonde woman with a small child.  The girl was sticking close to her mother and whispering things Jill couldn’t hear.
The woman looked around for ten minutes and then bought a twenty dollar blouse.
“Are you ready to try, Jill?” Candace asked.
Jill agreed and rang up the purchase.  She didn’t make a mistake.
After the woman left, Candace and Jill started talking.  Jill found Candace had finished a year of college several years earlier, but would be returning to school in the fall.  When Jill told her she had a NYU degree, Candace was surprised.
“You’re working here?”
“Well I’m not looking for full time work because I’m working on a novel,” was Jill answer.
“A novel?  I’m impressed.  You’re probably gonna be rich in a few years,” Candace said.
“We’ll see,” Jill said.
“Say do you want to see that new Rob Nees movie tomorrow?” Candace asked.
“Sure.” Candace seemed like a nice girl to Jill and she wanted to get away from Frank after his behavior the past few days.
“What are your hours tomorrow?” 
“I think the same as today.  Eleven to four,” Jill said.
“Well Betsy will be here for the evening shift so if you want to go after work, that would be fine,” Candace said.
“Sure,” Jill said.
The day went smoothly.  There were about sixteen customers on Jill’s shift and Jill rang up about a third of them.  Lindsey came in and said Jill was the most educated employee she ever had and hoped Jill would stay a while.  Jill left the store with a good feeling, but something else had started to nag her during the day.  Naomi’s talk about the builder of Jill’s house was fascinating but Jill wondered if anything had been in the local papers about it.  Also, Naomi had suggested Jill go to the library if she wanted to know more about other occupants.  So Jill found the library instead of going home right away.
The library was large and old-fashioned.  Jill guessed the building was at least seventy years old though it had been modernized with track lighting and computers.  Jill asked a librarian about old newspapers and was directed to the microfiche section.  There was also an index of subjects on computer so Jill would know what dates on the microfiche to look up.
Jill started with the computer.  She typed in Michael Trent and found two articles.  One was dated July 16, 1956 and the other January 3, 1957.  Jill copied down the dates with a pen and pad she had gotten from the librarian.  Then she typed in bed and breakfast.  Jill saw one from March 18, 1991 that Jill could tell was about the opening of the bed and breakfast.  Jill could tell some of what came up had to be about other bed and breakfasts.  But three more article titles caught her eye.  One was October 20, 1992 and Jill couldn’t tell by the article title what it was about.  One was May 17, 1995 and mentioned a murdered woman.  The last was September 8, 2000 and mentioned a dead man.
Jill thought that was everything she needed for now.  Anna probably wouldn’t have made the paper except the obituaries and Jill knew about the brothel.  So she searched through the microfiche and found the appropriate dates.
She looked at the 1956 paper first.  It mentioned the disappearance of Lars Ullson and that Michael was questioned.  Other than giving Lars’ wife’s name as Anita, it didn’t tell much.  The 1957 article mentioned Michael disappeared along with some of his company’s money.  Jill was disappointed because the two articles were rather vague and gave nothing conclusive about what happened to Lars or Michael.
The article from 1991 had a picture of the house and mentioned Rosemary and Hector Thornton opening the bed and breakfast for business amid a lot of hype.  It had their picture as well.  They seemed to be in their fifties at the time of the picture and looked like normal, decent people.
Jill decided to try the 1995 article next and was unprepared for the shock.  It read:

Miss Henrietta Stone, 36, was found dead at the Chester Street Bed and Breakfast on Saturday.  She was a high-profile lawyer in the state and had stayed at the house on multiple occasions.  The owners, Rosemary and Hector Thornton, called the police after finding Miss Stone dead in one of the bedrooms.
An autopsy confirmed the cause of death as excessive blood loss.  This is baffling because there were no major cuts on Miss Stone’s body.  All that could be found were several scratches that appeared to be almost healed.  The police department is investigating whether this could be a homicide, though weapon or motive are unknown.
The other guests are stunned.  Troy Markson, 29, described her as classy and professional.  She had no known enemies.  The bed and breakfast will be closed temporarily while investigations are made.  The other guests are not likely suspects and there is no sign of a break-in.

Jill sat there in disbelief.  She had dreamt about a Miss Stone twice.  And in one of them, Miss Stone had been cut and was bleeding heavily.  But an unseen force had killed her.  Since the paper listed no obvious suspects, could Jill have dreamt about how she had really died?  Jill was unnerved.  She had never had any psychic abilities.  Even after what Naomi said about entering her dream, she thought those things were a little far out.  And if some invisible being in the house had killed Miss Stone, did that mean it would eventually kill her or Frank?
Jill forced herself to look at the 1992 paper next.  It was an advertisement for the house promoting a Halloween celebration.  Every room had been decorated and Rosemary and Hector had been in costume.  It implied that strange things happened at the house all year, but Jill couldn’t find anything certain.
Jill got another shock when she put the final article in the display.

Gabe Weathers, 58, was found dead at 117 Chester Street on Thursday.  The location was a bed and breakfast for several years, but is currently unoccupied.  The cause of death has been confirmed as a severe blow to the head by a heavy object.  Mr. Weathers was found sprawled near the front stairs lying face down.
He is survived by Mabel Weathers, 53.  She and Gabe have lived next door for many years.  Mabel is currently a suspect since she has given conflicting testimonies.  Her current statement is that her husband heard noises from next door and went to investigate.  She stayed behind at the house and called the police when he didn’t show up for hours.  The house was checked for anything or anyone that could have caused the noises Mrs. Weathers described.  Nothing was found.

Jill didn’t finish reading the article.  Mabel had told her Gabe died because he was an alcoholic.  But he had really been murdered.  Why hadn’t Mabel said so?  Since it was in their house, Jill could understand Mabel not wanting to upset her and Frank.  But could Mabel be a killer?  The house had been empty.  Jill was more ready to accept that Mabel had killed Gabe than to believe a ghost did.  She left the library not knowing how to feel.
She wanted to talk to Mabel about it.  Mabel wasn’t in jail, so she obviously hadn’t been convicted.  But Jill was eager to know what really happened.  
She got another disappointment when she arrived at her house.  She went in to find Samantha was still missing.  Jill’s mind raced.  Her car was in the driveway, so where had Samantha gone?  Frank came home not long after.
He grunted at her.  Jill gave him a look.
“How was your day?” Frank finally asked, though he seemed like the question was painful for him to ask.
“I don’t know.  I started work,” Jill said.
“Oh yeah.  You’re an elite cashier at an exclusive clothing store,” Frank said with blatant sarcasm.
“You could be a little more supportive,” Jill said.
“I think you should work, but not there,” Frank said.
“It’s what I want for now,” Jill said.  “And Samantha’s missing.”
“She probably got sick of you and went home.”
“Her car’s in the driveway!”
“Then she walked home,” Frank said casually.
“Be serious,” Jill scolded.
“Or took a cab.  I would to get out of another day with you,” Frank said.
“That’s a nice thing to say to your wife!” Jill screamed.  She was upset and Frank wasn’t making her feel any better.
Frank stared at her a moment and then said, “When was the last you saw her?”
“Last night at bedtime.  And if she wanted to get away from anyone, it would be you!”
“Me?” Frank said in disbelief.
“Yes.  Embarrassing her in the restaurant like that!” Jill said.
“No one even heard!”
“Yes that family across the aisle did,” Jill said.
“Jill, I’m sure she’ll turn up.  She’s a big girl.  She can take care of herself.  And anyway, she’s not technically missing for two days so there’s nothing we can do but wait.”
“Alright,” Jill sighed.  “But there’s something else bothering me.”
“What?”
“You know how when we first talked to Mabel, she said her husband died of alcoholism?” Jill said.
“I vaguely remember.”
“Well I went to the library today and looked up some articles.  Her husband died in this house five years ago while it was empty,” Jill said.
“What did you go to the library for?”
“Did you hear me?  Gabe was found dead in here!”
“So what are you saying?” Frank asked.
“I think Mabel may have killed her husband,” Jill said.
“That old bat?  Get serious,” Frank said.
“The article said the house was empty.  The only other explanation was someone killed him and fled or a ghost did it,” Jill stated.
“Don’t start this ghost business again,” Frank said.
“Well things have happened.  And I also found other things about our house I don’t like.  I’m starting to think it’s not such a great place,” Jill said.
“Well we have to live here so let’s get used to it,” Frank said.
“You wouldn’t even consider selling it?”
“After less than a month?  Do you know anything?” Frank yelled.
“I’m sure it’s been done.  And all we ever do lately is fight.  This is isn’t what I thought life up here would be like,” Jill said.
“What does fighting have to do with the house?” Frank asked.
“What happened to you in the attic the other day?” Jill asked.
“Nothing,” Frank snapped.
“Then why have you been so mean ever since you came back down?” Jill asked.
“Oh brother,” Frank rolled his eyes and left the room.
“You know we should keep our marriage strong.  Love can conquer anything,” Jill said, following him.
“Who have you been talking to?” Frank asked.
“Naomi.  She said there’s evil…,” Jill saw the unbelieving look in Frank’s eye and stopped talking.
“Evil ghosts?” Frank finished her thought.
“Something like that,” Jill said.
“Jill, take a break from your books and think.  There’s nothing wrong with our house!” Frank said.
“Someone else died here,” Jill said.
“Who?”
“A lawyer named Henrietta Stone.  It was ten years ago and she was drained of blood and no one knows how,” Jill said.
“Where did you hear this?  A kindergarten class?” Frank asked.
“That’s not funny.  It was in the paper,” Jill said.
“It still doesn’t mean anything,” Frank said.
“I dreamt people were calling me Miss Stone,” Jill said.
“Jill, have you ever thought of seeing anyone?” Frank asked.
“Are you calling me crazy?” Jill yelled.
“Listen to yourself!” Frank said.
“Listen to you.  Everything you say lately is a nasty remark!” Jill said, getting upset.
Frank just stared at her.  Jill stormed out of the room and went upstairs.  Things were falling apart.  Her relationship with Frank was deteriorating.  She was finding more and more bad news about her home.  So much that it was becoming an unpleasant place to live.  A part of her was afraid things would get worse.  And Frank wouldn’t listen to her.  Tears came to her eyes.  She cried silently for a few minutes.
Then she pulled herself together and went towards the attic.  She was determined to see what was up there.  Frank had definitely been different ever since he went up in the attic.  Jill was afraid but went into the bare room and walked up the stairs anyway.
Half expecting to be attacked, Jill entered the attic.  The ceiling was low and it was dimly lit.  All Jill could see were piles of old and mostly useless artifacts.  There were broken lamps, magazines, some paintings, and various items left by former inhabitants.  
Jill stepped deeper into the attic.  The floor creaked underneath her.  She examined an old rotary phone that was on some boxes.  It looked like it would still work.  Then she looked at a painting.  It was of a Victorian woman.  There was so much stuff in the attic, Jill could spend hours examining everything.  But nothing struck her as unusual.  So what happened to Frank?
Jill remembered the loud noise.  Maybe something had fallen.  But Jill couldn’t see any signs that anything had.  She was about to walk back downstairs when a strange feeling came over her.  Like something had brushed past her.  She told herself it was the wind but she also realized a breeze was unlikely in a closed attic.  Suddenly she had the feeling of being stared at.  A movement at the far corner of the attic made her jump.
Not bothering to wait and see what it was, she ran back through the attic and down the stairs as fast as she could.  She didn’t look behind her.  She just continued running and out into the hall.  Nothing had followed her.  She calmed down and looked around.  She just saw the familiar surroundings she knew for a couple weeks.  Could her mind be playing tricks on her?  Could Naomi be making stories up to scare her?  Was she losing her mind as Frank had suggested?
Jill was distracted as she cooked hamburgers for herself and Frank.  She was still mad at him and made no attempt to converse with him, all throughout dinner.  He didn’t either.  After dinner, Jill went next door to Mabel’s.  Frank didn’t go with her.
Jill rang the doorbell and waited.  Mabel answered the door promptly and looked surprised to see Jill.
“Hello,” Mabel said.
“Hi.  Do you mind if I come in?” Jill asked.
“Not at all,” Mabel said.  “We can sit in the living room.”
Mabel led Jill to a nicely decorated living room.  A rerun of a seventies TV show was playing on the television.
“Sit down,” Mabel said.
Jill sat silently.
“Is everything okay?  You seem upset,” Mabel said.
“I just went to the library today and found some disturbing things have happened at my house,” Jill said.
Mabel became solemn.
“Did your husband die in my house?” Jill asked, thinking it was better to not beat around the bush.
Mabel took a deep breath and replied, “Yes, I’m afraid he did.  Some of my friends say it was a vagabond hiding out in the house who murdered him.”
“The bed and breakfast was closed by then?” Jill confirmed.
“Yes.  It closed in late 1998.  Gabe died in 2000,” Mabel said.
“So is that what you believe?  That a homeless person killed him?” Jill asked.
“Actually, don’t take this the wrong way but I believe something else in the house killed him,” Mabel said.
“What?” Jill asked.
“I didn’t want to alarm you or your husband after you just moved in.  But I think there’s a body buried on the grounds.”
Jill felt her heart race.  “Where?  Who?”
“In the basement.  You see, the builder was an evil man.  He was doing something illegal and when caught, he killed the person who was going to tell on him and buried his body in the basement.”
“Was it Lars Ullson?” Jill asked.
“You know about that story?” Mabel asked.
“I just found out recently.”
“Well I’ve never dared go and look.  But I heard there’s a movable piece of cement near one of the walls.  I believe that’s where the body is,” Mabel said.
“How do you know about this?” Jill asked.
“I’ve heard stories.”
“Do you believe in ghosts?” Jill suddenly asked.
“I didn’t believe in them before I moved here.  But I do now.”
“So you think a ghost killed your husband?  Like the ghost of Lars?” Jill asked.
“To be honest yes.  The night he died, we heard the most ungodly noises coming from next door.  Shrieks and moans and banging.  It didn’t sound human,” Mabel noticed Jill looked upset and paused.
“Why did we have to pick that house?” Jill cried.
“It’s not your fault.  You came from hundreds of miles away.  There’s no way you could have known,” Mabel said.
“Does everyone around here know?” Jill asked.
“Not everyone but quite a few do,” Mabel said.
Jill wondered if Larry knew.  He and Becky said they didn’t and Jill couldn’t think of a reason they would be lying.
“So what should I do?” Jill asked.
“Stay positive for now.  I don’t know if you’d be able to find anywhere else to go, but stay positive and you’ll get through this,” Mabel said.
“Do you think having Lars be killed like that created some negative energy or something that’s still in the house?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” Mabel replied simply.
“Do you think if I gave the body a proper burial, it would end things and make peace?” Jill thought of the idea.
“Personally, I wouldn’t go looking for a skeleton, but that’s a good idea,” Mabel said.
“Then we have to.  I can’t live like this much longer,” Jill said.
“More things have been happening?” 
“Yes, and I’m fighting with Frank.  He won’t believe me,” Jill said.
“Well stick together and don’t let your fears defeat you,” Mabel said.
“Thanks,” Jill got up.
Jill left Mabel’s with her heart pounding a mile a minute in anticipation of finding the body.  As she walked across the lawn a movement near her house caught her eye.  It was the cat she had seen a couple times.  She just caught the end of it going into Jill’s backyard.  She still didn’t know if it was a stray or had wandered away from someone’s house.  But her mind was too busy to worry about that.
She went inside and found Frank.
“There’s something I have to tell you,” she said.
“Oh?” he asked.
“We have to check the basement for something,” Jill said.
“And that something would be?” Frank asked.
“A dead body,” Jill said.
Frank laughed.
“Mabel told me about it!”
“She’s even nuttier than you are,” Frank laughed.
“Wanna bet something’s down there?” Jill contended.
“You’re on.  How much will you owe me?” Frank asked.
“You’ll owe me an expensive dinner and a trip to the mall where I’ll buy whatever I want,” Jill said.
“And the same goes for me when you lose the bet,” Frank said.
Frank and Jill walked down the basement stairs.  Frank took a look around and breathed deeply.
“I don’t see anything.  You lose.”
“It’s under the floor somewhere!” Jill said and began examining the floor for a break in the cement.
Frank looked at her like she was out of her mind.  Jill searched for ten minutes and felt with her hand.  She started to think she and Mabel were wrong.  Whether that was a relief or not, she didn’t know.  If there was a body in the house and having a proper funeral set the spirits to rest, Jill definitely wanted to find it.
As she was about to give up she felt something move near the wall by the washer and dryer.
“Here.  Help me!” Jill said.
Frank reluctantly walked over.  He didn’t expect anything so was surprised when he and Jill moved away a six foot section of floor.  It was surprisingly light.  Jill looked inside and almost fainted.
A partially-decomposed skeleton was there.  It was still wearing the clothes and cheap watch from over forty years ago.
“Oh my god,” Jill said.
“We have to tell the police,” Frank said.
“You’re right.  And I want to arrange a funeral,” Jill said, half in shock.
“Jill, we don’t even know who this person is.”
“I think it’s a man named Lars Ullson.  He was murdered and buried here,” Jill said.
“How do you know?” 
“Who else would it be?  I’ve done research, Frank,” Jill said, feeling relieved and annoyed at the same time.
Frank went upstairs without a word.  Jill stood up and looked at the body.  It had been here since the fifties.  All the time the house was a brothel and then a bed and breakfast, it had been lying here.  Lars didn’t sound like an evil man from what she heard of him, but being killed and never found would make her mad too.  She wouldn’t be able to go to heaven and rest if that happened.  She started thinking about the afterlife and her views on it when Frank came down the stairs.
“Someone’s on the way,” Frank said.
Jill nodded silently.  She felt bad for Lars’ family.  She wanted to meet them if any of them were still alive.  Jill wondered if he had any children.
Several minutes later, Frank and Jill heard sirens and they went upstairs.  An ambulance and cop car pulled into their driveway.  A man got out of the ambulance and approached Frank and Jill.
“We got a call about a dead body,” he said as a statement of fact.
“Yes, in the basement,” Jill replied.
“You live here?” the man asked.
“Yes, with my husband,” Jill answered.
The man went into the house.  A young policeman walked over to Frank and Jill.
“Do you know who the deceased person is?” 
“Lars Ullson,” Jill said.
“Who?” the policeman asked.
“He disappeared over forty years ago,” Jill said.
“How do you know it’s him?” the man asked.
“I have a feeling,” Jill said.
“Well we’ll have to see if we can do a DNA test,” the man stated and took out a pad.  He proceeded to ask Frank and Jill questions.  The ambulance driver came out of the house looking sick.
“That body’s been dead for years!” he exclaimed.
Jill saw Adam and a girl come out of the house next door.
“What’s going on?” Adam asked.
Frank, Jill, and the policeman walked over to them.
“Do you live here?” the man asked.
Adam said yes.  The policeman asked Adam and his girlfriend a few questions and then left to see the body.
“I don’t think we’ve met,” Jill said to Adam’s girlfriend, and held out her hand.
“Yeah, I know,” the girl said, clinging to Adam.
“I’m Jill.”
“Nice to meet you,” the girl said, seeming like she didn’t want to say her name.
“So some guy died in your house?  Wow,” Adam said.
“He’s been there since the fifties,” Jill told them.
“Ohmigod,” the girl exclaimed and hugged Adam.
“Is he all decayed and shit?” Adam asked like he thought it would be a cool thing to see.
“Yes,” Jill said, a little bothered by the question.
“You wanna see?” Frank asked.
“Frank!” Jill scolded her husband.
“No thanks.  We have to go back inside,” Adam said, backing up nervously.
Adam and his unnamed girlfriend walked back into their house.  Jill and Frank answered a few more of the cop’s questions.  Jill saw the body being carried out and felt sick.  She asked if she could arrange for a funeral and offered to pay before Frank could object.  The cop and ambulance left soon after.  Jill felt better after the commotion died down and she was alone with Frank in the kitchen.
“That was unexpected,” Frank commented.
“I hope that puts an end to all the strange things around here,” Jill said.
“If there were any to begin with,” Frank said under his breath.
Jill gave him a look and said, “So now the question is where will you take me and what do I want to buy?”
“That was just a joke,” Frank snapped.
“I think you owe me after all that’s happened!” Jill said.
“I don’t agree,” Frank replied and left the room.
Jill growled to herself.  Frank still had that strange look in his eye.  She hoped he would go back to his usual self soon.  After the shock of seeing the body subsided, Jill’s thoughts returned to Samantha.
She hadn’t called.  She hadn’t left a note or mentioned anything about leaving the day before.  So where could she be?  Jill hoped she was at least safe.  Suddenly, the phone rang and Jill had a feeling it was Samantha.
But when Jill answered it, her mother said, “Hello, Jill.  It’s mother.”
“Hi, mom,” Jill said.
“Just called to see how my baby is doing in her new home,” her mother said affectionately.
“It’s okay,” Jill replied.
“Just okay?”
Jill didn’t want to get into the body or the haunting, so she said, “Yeah.  I bought a car for myself.”
“That’s wonderful.  You never had one of your own,” he mother exclaimed.
“And I got a part-time job.”
“Where?” her mother sounded interested.
“At a clothing store.  It doesn’t pay much, but it’s just for a little extra money of my own.”
“Well work where you want.  But I wouldn’t waste an NYU degree if I were you,” her mother said.
“I’m working on a novel,” Jill said.
“You’re finally gonna finish?  Your father will be thrilled,” her mother exclaimed.
“Yeah, but I still have to sell it after it’s done.”
“We can help with that, so don’t worry.  Just make it good,” her mother said.
“I will.”
“So is anything else new?  How’s Frank?”
“He’s fine.  He likes his job,” Jill said.  She didn’t want to mention his attitude the past few days.
“I know I’m getting ahead of things, but will there be any kids soon to fill up that big house?”
“Mom, we’re not quite ready,” Jill groaned.  Her mother brought that up every once in a while.
“I know.  I was just hoping,” her mother said.
“Maybe in a couple years, after we have more savings,” Jill said.
“Okay, I’ll leave you alone.  It sounds like you’re okay so I’ll get going.  Say hi to Frank.”
“I will,” Jill said.  She said good-bye and hung up.
 She felt a little better after hearing her mother’s voice, but was still worried about Samantha.  Jill decided to go upstairs and check Samantha’s bedroom for any clues of where she could be.  When she got there, she checked in the closet.  A few clothes that Samantha had brought were hung there.  Suitcases were on the closet floor and were mostly empty.  Samantha definitely wouldn’t have left without her things.
Jill checked the dresser and saw some toiletries and perfume.  Jill was worried.  She hoped Samantha hadn’t been kidnapped.  That was the only logical explanation she could think of.  Jill left the room and tried to write.  However, she couldn’t concentrate and couldn’t even get half a page completed.  Naomi’s statement about the missing men didn’t comfort her either.
Jill lost track of the time and it was soon bed-time.  She met Frank in the hall.  He was already changed into his sleeping clothes.  He nodded at her and went to bed.  Jill quickly showered and changed and then went into bed.
“Samantha didn’t come back yet,” Jill said as she got under the covers.
“She’s probably partying with some guy,” Frank muttered.
“I think she would call if she was,” Jill retorted.
“She didn’t think to call on Monday,” Frank said.
Jill was getting more and more annoyed with Frank.  She wasn’t thrilled about sleeping next to him that night.  Most nights, she didn’t miss her own bed from when she was single.  But that night, she felt like having her own space.  Despite her worries about Samantha, she was hopeful that things would get better over the next week.  Including with Frank.  She fell asleep quickly and was soon having her usual, boring dreams.



Chapter Fifteen




For the first time since they moved to the new house, the alarm clock woke Jill.  Frank almost always woke naturally before it rang and shut it off before it made any noise.  Frank groaned and slammed his hand on the button that stopped the noise.
“Good morning.  Are you tired this morning?” Jill asked.
“What’s it to you?” Frank said hostily.
Jill stifled a comeback and got out of bed.  She left the room to change and prepare for the day.  When she went downstairs, Frank was having some soda in the kitchen.
“You’re lucky Larry said I could come in late today,” Frank snapped.
“That was nice.  What’s the reason?”
“I don’t know.  The fourth of July is Monday and Larry wanted to give me a break, I guess.”
“Are you working Monday?” Jill questioned.
“No.  Since you’re up, I want eggs,” Frank demanded.
“Ask nicely,” Jill countered.
Frank rolled his eyes and said, “Please.”
“Fine.  Give me twenty minutes,” Jill said.
Frank went past her to go upstairs and change and shave.  He came back down while Jill was still cooking.
“Taking your time, I see,” he said.
“Will you stop,” Jill dismissed him.
When breakfast was done cooking, Jill put the food on plates and brought them to the table.
“How is it?” Jill asked, knowing she would probably receive a sarcastic response.
“Eh,” Frank made a motion with his hands.
“You know, Frank.  I’d like to talk to you,” Jill said.
“Then talk!” Frank said loudly.
“I know we’ve had our little arguments in the past, but I always felt that we still liked each other,” Jill paused.  “I’m not feeling that lately.”
“So what do you want from me?”
“For you to try to be nice.  When we were dating, you would have never said to me some of the things you’ve said the past few days.  And…,” Jill was interrupted by a movement from the island counter.
She had finished the box of breakfast sausage and it had fallen off the counter by itself and landed on the floor.
“How did that happen?” Jill demanded and went to pick up the box.
“Wasn’t me,” Frank said.
Jill thought the spirits of the house would have been laid to rest after last night.  She was afraid and angry at the same time.  Frank noticed she looked upset.
“Jill, it was the wind!”
“Indoors?  There’s only one window open half way,” Jill said.
“That’s the only explanation a normal person would give,” Frank said, sounding like he intended to insult her.
“Why won’t you believe me that there’s something going on here!” 
“There are no ghosts in here.  Even if people died here, their spirits aren’t roaming around.  A draft or breeze blew the box off the counter.  That’s all,” Frank said slowly, enunciating the words.
“I hope you’re right.  I don’t want to be trapped in a haunted house,” Jill said.
“For the third time, we’re not moving!  Anyway you seemed so eager to come up to New England and get away from New York.  Now you’ve changed your mind?”
“The area’s nice.  Just with all that’s happened here in the house,” Jill started to say.
“We’re not moving and that’s that.  If you don’t like it, get a divorce and go stay with your parents until you can move on,” Frank said.
“I wouldn’t joke about divorce,” Jill said, mad at him for even bringing it up.
Frank look frustrated.  “I’m gonna go for a drive before I go to work.  See ya.”
“You didn’t finish breakfast!”
“I’m not hungry,” Frank said and quickly got his keys and left the house.
Jill wished he would be like he used to.  She still sensed something different about him.  His eyes and demeanor had changed ever since he went in the attic.  Jill thought about what she saw up there.  It was mostly junk, but she had thought she had seen a movement.  Though she hadn’t stuck around to find out what it was.  She hoped it was just a mouse or small animal.
Jill finished breakfast by herself and threw what was left of Frank’s meal away.  Then she cleaned up and went into the living room.  She didn’t have to be at work until eleven when the store opened so she had a couple hours to relax.
She turned on the TV and was about to watch a talk show when she switched to the news.  A morbid thought that they would mention finding Samantha’s body somewhere crept into her head.  She and Frank hadn’t reported Samantha missing yet, so no one was even looking.  It was now a full day and night without seeing her.  If she had gone anywhere, she would be back by now.  
Jill felt bad.  She had known Samantha since freshman year in college.  If anything bad happened to her, Jill couldn’t help but feel partly responsible.  But hopefully nothing supernatural had taken her.  Hopefully Frank was right that a draft blew the box off the counter.  Hopefully Frank would go back to his usual self soon.
Jill watched the news for a while and didn’t see anything interesting.  So she switched to a morning show.  The hosts were interviewing an author.  Jill hoped to be in that position someday, thought it would be at least a year before her book would even be in the stores.
When it got closer to the time she had to leave, Jill shut the TV off.  She walked out of the living room, and walked back to the game room.  She remembered her dream of the men seizing that girl Jennifer.  She thought the dream was odd, but it also started occurring to her that all her nightmares so far took place in the house.  The people on the bed, the Christmas murder, the brothel dream.  They had all been in her house.  Did that mean anything?
Everything seemed in order in the rooms she checked so she went to get her car keys.  However, something caught her attention when she went back in the TV room.  A vase that had been in the center of a table was now near the edge.  A chill went down her spine.
Then she told herself, ‘Frank moved it and I didn’t notice earlier’.
But she didn’t totally believe that explanation.  Since she couldn’t stand there worrying all day, she found her keys and opened the front door.  She was surprised to see the cat she had encountered a few times standing right there.  It meowed and rubbed against her leg.
“Back again?” Jill bent down to pet it.
It purred.  She wished she could keep it.  Mary said her mother believed the cats kept the bad spirits out of the house.  Jill would take any good luck she could get.  She was standing there with the door open and the cat stepped over the threshold and into the front hall.  It looked around intently and it was sniffing the air.
“Do you have an owner?” Jill asked.
The cat seemed to shake its head no.  But it had to be a coincidence.  Jill decided to give it some more food before she left.  She went into the kitchen and the cat followed her.  It watched her break up some lunch meat on a plate.  Jill didn’t want to take someone else’s cat, so she carried the plate through the house and back outside.  She left it on the front path for the cat to eat.
After locking up and saying good-bye to the cat, who was enjoying his meal, Jill left for work.  The first day of July had given the area a beautiful day.  It was hot, but not humid.  There wasn’t a cloud in the sky.  Jill almost felt bad to spend it indoors.
Candace greeted her as Jill entered the store.
“Glad you came back,” she said as Jill walked to the register.
“Please.  It’s not that bad,” Jill stated.
“But it must seem boring to someone with an NYU degree.  Don’t you need more money?”
“My husband’s paying the mortgage so this is just to get out of the house,” Jill didn’t want to mention her rich parents or any of the problems she was having at the house.
“How long have you been married?”
“About a year.  We just moved up here a few weeks ago,” Jill said.
“What section of town?” Candace asked enthusiastically.
“The place that used to be the bed and breakfast on Chester Street,” Jill told her.
Candace looked upset at something and Jill regretted telling her where she lived.  Maybe Candace, like other townspeople, knew things about her house.
“Oh, well enjoy your stay up here,” Candace said.
Lindsey came out of the back room just then.
“Jill, I wanted to talk to you about your hours,” she said.
“Okay.”
“We won’t need you this weekend since we’re busy on weekends and you just started.  But you said you wanted part time, so I was planning on giving you four days a week for four or five hours a day.  Is that okay?”
“Sure,” Jill said.
“And it can be any day of the week, including Sunday?” Lindsey asked.
“I’d prefer not to work Sunday, but I could if there was no one else,” Jill said.
“Great.  We’re closed on Monday for the holiday so I’ll see you on Tuesday at eleven?”
“That’s fine,” Jill said agreeably.
“Good luck here,” Lindsey smiled and returned to her office.
Candace seemed quieter than the previous day.  Her statements were shorter and less enthusiastic.  Jill didn’t know if it was something she had said or just Candace’s mood.  Several customers came in without buying anything.  As three heavy women were leaving the store, Jill remembered Candace’s offer to go to the movies.
“Guess today’s not gonna be a high sales day,” Candace remarked, as the heavy women had been the tenth customer to not buy anything.
“Did you still want to see a movie tonight?” Jill asked.
“Oh, sorry I can’t.  I have plans,” Candace said without hesitation.
“Oh, I thought you said you were free tonight,” Jill said, trying to sound like she wasn’t pressuring Candace.
“I know but I’m not.  I forgot I have something important to do,” Candace said.
“Then some other time,” Jill said, slightly disappointed.
“Yeah, I don’t really want to see that movie anyway,” Candace said.
Did Candace change her mind because of where Jill lived?  That’s the reason Jill suspected, but she didn’t know how to find out for sure.  Candace wasn’t very talkative the rest of the day.  There were about three people on Jill’s shift who actually bought something.  Though one woman spent almost three hundred dollars and Candace let Jill ring her up and get the commission.  
Jill left disappointed that she wouldn’t have someone to go to the movies with, but glad to be working.  Before she left New York she had been working at the courtesy desk at a bookstore.  She liked interacting with customers, though she currently didn’t know much about the clothes for sale to be of much help to anyone with questions.  She stopped at a sub shop on her way home and ordered herself a sandwich.  Frank could take care of his own dinner.  Especially after he made her cook breakfast and then left without finishing.
She arrived home and exited her car.  The now familiar cat came running into sight and greeted Jill.  It meowed at her like it was trying to tell her something.  Jill decided to ask Mabel if she knew who it belonged to.
Jill picked the cat up and carried it to Mabel’s house.  The cat didn’t protest being picked up but instead started to purr.  Mabel answered the doorbell the second time Jill rang it.  When she saw Jill holding the cat, her expression brightened.
“Hi.  This little guy keeps coming by my house.  Do you know who it belongs to?” Jill asked.
“No one, I think.  There’s only one cat on this street and he’s black.  Unless someone just got him,” Mabel said and rubbed the cat’s chin.
“Well he seems too friendly to be a stray,” Jill said.
“He could be abandoned,” Mabel suggested.
“Have you seen any fliers about a lost cat?”
“No.  I haven’t heard anything,” Mabel replied.
“Then I wonder if I could keep him.  I sure do like him,” Jill said, petting the cat’s head with the hand she wasn’t holding him with.
“That house should have a pet.  By the way, did you find the body?  I saw a commotion outside your house last night,” Mabel asked.
“Yes, where you said it would be.  It freaked me out, but I hope that resolves things.”
“I’m sure things will get better.  I’m in the middle of cleaning, so if you don’t mind I’ll get back to work.”
“Not at all, thanks,” Jill said and walked back to her own house.
She brought the cat inside and put it down on the couch.  She didn’t mind pets on the furniture.  Jill checked the house, hoping to run into Samantha.  But it was empty and Samantha’s car hadn’t moved from its place in the driveway.
Frank came home while Jill was petting the cat.  He noticed and said, “Don’t tell me.  Samantha’s spirit is in that cat!”
“So funny I forgot to laugh.”
“Who says that any more?” Frank scowled.
“I do.  I’ve seen this cat off and on since Monday.  I think he wants us to adopt him,” Jill said.
“You’re gonna steal someone’s cat?” Frank asked.
“I don’t think it belongs to anyone.”
“You’re paying for the food and litter and anything else,” was all Frank could come up with.
“Alright then,” Jill said.  She was hoping Frank would snap out of his mood of the past few days, but he gave no indication that he would anytime soon.
“What’s for dinner?” Frank asked.
“I already had a sub,” Jill snapped.
“So I’m supposed to buy myself something too?” Frank scowled.
“You got it.”
“Nutty wife of mine,” Frank muttered under his breath as he walked to the kitchen to look at the take-out menus.  Jill tuned him out.
After Frank called to have some food delivered, Jill called Becky.  She decided to ask her to a movie.
“Hello?” Becky answered the phone.
“Hey, it’s Jill.”
“Hey.  What’s up?”
“I was wondering if you wanted to see a movie tonight?” Jill hoped Becky would say yes.
“Oh, sorry.  Me and Larry have plans.  But we can do something tomorrow if you want,” Becky said, sounding like she was trying to be comforting.
“I guess so.  I don’t have to work,” Jill said.
“You didn’t tell me you got a job!” Becky sounded excited.
“I did.  At a clothing store.”
“Do you get good discounts?” 
“I’m not sure.  I just started,” Jill said.
“Well I’ll have to buy something from your store.  Anyway, call me in the morning and we can decide what to do.”
“Okay.  Have fun with Larry,” Jill said and hung up.
“That was Becky?” Frank asked, who had been listening.
“Yes.”
“You were gonna see a movie tonight?” Frank asked.
“Yes.”
“Was I invited?”
“Not if you’re going to complain and insult me,” Jill stated.
“Well if you don’t provoke me, I won’t have anything to say,” Frank said.
“Right.  That explains it,” Jill said and went for her keys.  “I’m going by myself then.”
“That’s a first.”
“I don’t want to be in public with you right now,” Jill said.  “Not until we can have a civil conversation.”
Frank looked exasperated as Jill went out the front door.  Jill drove to the same theater she and Becky had gone to the week before.  She didn’t have any movie in mind.  It didn’t have to be the one Candace mentioned.  So she picked whatever was playing at a time not too long after she arrived.
The movie was a mystery about a string of unsolved murders.  Jill enjoyed it.  Afterwards, she stopped for ice cream and had a vanilla cone.  Then she reluctantly went back home.
“Have fun dating yourself?” Frank called from his position watching TV on the couch.
“Yes, I did,” Jill said snottily.
“I had Chinese.”
“Great,” Jill stated.  “Where’s the cat?”
“How should I know?”
Jill quickly walked through the house.  She found the cat in the corner of the long living room sleeping.
“Hey, are you hungry?” she pet the cat.
Jill remembered she would have to get proper cat food if she kept the cat.  For now, she led it into the kitchen and gave it more deli meat and milk.  Frank came in and watched.
“So Jill.  Feel like putting out tonight?”
“Excuse me?”
“We are married, though one would barely know by our sex life.”
“When you ask like that, the answer’s no,” Jill was getting sick of tired of his attitude.
“Well then,” Frank said, seeming like he was thinking of a plan to make Jill say yes.
“You know what?  Maybe I’ll sleep in one of the other bedrooms tonight,” Jill felt herself hating him.
“Fine.  You’re a cover hog.”
“Then you can have the whole bed to yourself tonight,” Jill didn’t want to even bring up kicking him into another bedroom, with his recent mood.
“Fine.”
“Fine!” Jill yelled.
The cat seemed startled by the yelling.  It had finished its dinner, so Jill picked it up and carried it upstairs.
“Sorry.  Did the big idiot scare you?” she asked the cat in a baby voice.
As she went upstairs, she realized she had five bedrooms to choose from.  She didn’t want Samantha’s.  The one with the fake fireplace unnerved her after the prostitute dream.  The one with the antique furniture was the location of another nightmare.  That left the white one or the yellow one.  Jill decided to take the yellow one since she dreamt the lights were going on and off in the white one.
Jill put the cat down in the upstairs hall and went to get some clothes to take into the yellow bedroom.  As she was walking toward it, she thought she saw something in the crack of the door to the antique bedroom.  Realizing she might be making a mistake, she opened the door and screamed.
The bed was covered in blood.  Blood was splattered on the walls and ceiling.  It looked like there had been a massacre in there.  Thinking it might be Samantha’s, she dropped the clothes and started running.  She crashed into Frank.
“What’s going on now?” Frank said.
“Blood.  In the bedroom,” Jill had trouble getting the words out.
“What?  Let me see,” Frank said and walked past her.
Jill pulled herself together and reluctantly followed.  Frank approached the antique bedroom and had no reaction to what was inside.  Not knowing how he could be so insensitive, Jill walked to him.
“Don’t you see it?” she yelled.
“See what?” Frank demanded as Jill looked in the bedroom.
All the blood she had seen before was gone.  There was no sign of any disturbance and it looked just like it had the first day she inspected the upstairs rooms.
“I guess my mind was playing tricks on me,” Jill stammered.
“Maybe you should see someone,” Frank repeated his comment of the previous day and walked back down the hall.
Jill wasn’t used to hallucinating.  Though she had been getting upset lately, especially over Frank, so maybe the blood was a sign she needed a break.  She picked up the clothes and carried them into the yellow bedroom.  The cat had been staring at the ordeal, but now Jill beckoned for it to come into the room with her.  It entered happily and jumped up on the bed.
“You’re a sweet kitty,” Jill rubbed the cat’s chin.
After playing with the cat for a minute, Jill went into the bathroom to get ready for bed.  Then she found a book and brought it to bed with her.  She closed and locked the bedroom door so Frank couldn’t bother her.
She read for about an hour while the cat slept next to her.  When her eyes began to get tired, she put the book down and shut out the light.




Chapter Sixteen




Jill put her clothes in the dryer and pressed the start button.  She was startled by something rubbing against her leg.  She looked down to the see the cat staring at her expectantly.  But when she reached to pet it, the cat started running.  It ran straight for the basement wall without stopping.
“Watch out!” Jill expected the cat to crash into the cement, but it disappeared through the wall.  “What?” Jill exclaimed.
She approached the wall and touched it.  It felt semi-solid, almost liquid like.  She got a strange sensation throughout her body as she touched it.  She pushed forward and her hand disappeared into the wall.  What was visible of her arm ended right at the basement wall.
Scared and intrigued, she tried to step through the wall.  And succeeded.
She found herself in a long-tunnellike room.  The walls were made of jagged stone and there were torches blazing brightly to light the way.  She stood there in disbelief.  Had this been under the house the whole time and she had no idea?
Suddenly, Jill heard a wail of someone in agony.  It sounded like a young man.  He was being tortured.  Jill couldn’t stop her feet from moving forward to see where the sound was coming from.  She walked down the hall and turned a corner.  The tunnel ended at a large stone with strange symbols on it.  Jill couldn’t decipher what they meant.  She realized they might be a coded message.
She began touching the wall.  Jill was certain there was more down here than just a tunnel.  She only had to find out how to get there.  She touched a star symbol and heard a noise.  Hoping she didn’t cause a trap to release, she froze on the spot.  Jill watched as the large stone moved aside to reveal a cavernous room, also lit by torches.
“Help!” a man screamed.
Jill walked through the entrance and saw seven men of varying ages chained to the far wall.  She knew who they were before asking.  They were seven of the fifteen men Naomi said had disappeared.  They looked more scared of her then she was of them.
“Quick!   He’s coming.  Hide!” one of them shouted to her, before she could ask them any questions.
“Who?” Jill said and became paralyzed with fear at the mention of whoever they were talking about.
“Quick!” the man screamed and motioned with his chained hand to a desk near the other wall.  Jill ran and hid behind the desk.
She heard footsteps approach.  One of the chained men whimpered.
“What’s going on here?” a hostile sounding man answered.
“Nothing,” one of the men in chains said.
“Who opened this door?” the newcomer demanded.
“We don’t know,” said one of the men, sounding desperate.
“Not a good enough answer,” the man who just entered said.
Jill heard footsteps and prayed the man wouldn’t find her.  She heard him move something around and then the next thing she knew she heard a whipping sound and a scream.
She peered around the desk and saw a man who looked to be in his thirties whipping one of the prisoners.
“Please!” the victim screamed.
The man’s eyes were hollow and vacant as he continued to whip the prisoner.  Jill flinched as the whip collided with the prisoner’s body and caused him to bleed.  Jill was afraid.  Was this the Ike Naomi mentioned?  If so, she wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.  She hoped she could be silent until he left.  Then she could try to free the men and escape herself.
Ike, or whoever the stranger was, then turned on the next man and whipped him forcefully.
“One of you better speak up!  I have all day!” he screamed as the whip collided with flesh.
Jill whimpered and Ike heard.  He turned his head towards where Jill was.  In panic, Jill removed her head out of sight.  But she accidentally kicked the nearby chair and it made a sound.  The only thing she could do now was run.  If Ike found her hiding under the desk, he might kill her.
Jill stood up and ran for the exit.
“STOP!” Ike screamed.
Jill didn’t look back, but ran out of the room and turned the corner.
On her way in, the tunnel seemed about a hundred feet long, but this time Jill ran at least that distance without getting back to the basement.  She heard Ike running after her with determination.
Finally, she saw relief.  The wall to the basement was now no longer semi-solid but completely open space.  She could see the basement clearly.  And it wasn’t much farther ahead.  If only Jill could keep running.
Just when she thought she was almost out of the tunnel, Jasmine stepped into sight and blocked the exit.  She looked disheveled and had a crazed look in her eye.
“You!” she hissed.
Jill stopped running.  She was trapped on both sides.  She turned around and saw Ike now walking towards her grinning maniacally.
“What should we do with her?” Jasmine asked icily.
“Whatever you want,” Ike said, slowly approaching.
Jill didn’t know what to do.  She hoped it was just another nightmare.  The more she thought about it, the more she didn’t know what she was doing in the basement in the first place.
‘Wake up!’ she yelled silently to herself.
Jasmine laughed devilishly and took a sword from out of nowhere.  Jill gulped as Jasmine approached with the sword.  It looked very sharp and deadly.  Ike was now two feet away from her on the other side, ready to catch her if she tried to run.  Jill closed her eyes and tried to make them go away.
Just when she thought she might die, Jill opened her eyes and found herself in bed.  The cat was sleeping on top of her, looking totally content.
Jill wiped her forehead with relief.  She was sweating.  What would have happened if she hadn’t woken up just then?  Jill almost went to find Frank so he could comfort her.  But with the way he was lately, he would probably laugh and make her feel worse.  So she stayed in bed and tried to think of happy memories.
Just when she was calming down, Jill heard a bang.  The cat lifted its head up and looked around intently.  Jill was afraid suddenly.  She hoped the bed would keep her safe.
Jill looked around and noticed the mirror on the dresser becoming cloudy like smoke was on the other side.  Was she still dreaming?
Jill’s heart skipped a beat as a portion of the far wall seemed to move forward.  It made an eerie creaking sound.  It looked like someone was on the other side and the wall was a piece of canvas or some light material.  The shape the wall made was almost human.  The cat suddenly jumped up and ran under the bed.
Jill closed her eyes.  This was the first time in years she had had a dream within a dream.  Jill heard more odd noises.  But no one came into the room to attack her.  She opened her eyes to find the wall had gone back to being flat and solid.
She could hear a clock ticking from somewhere.  She was now afraid to get out of bed.  The dark scared her most of all.  The shadows seemed more pronounced than usual, like they could have something lurking in their depths.
Jill’s mind raced.  She thought about college, New York, Frank.  She was too young to die or have anything happen.  As time went by, Jill realized she was now awake.  The tunnel had been a dream, but she was awake when she saw the mirror cloud up and the wall move.  She started to fear for her own sanity.  Or maybe her house was truly haunted.
Jill wished it was morning.  She would feel safer in the light.  Thinking about the daytime gave her the idea to turn on the lamp.  Many ghosts were rumored to not be able to exist outside of the dark.  So she did.
The light was a welcome sight.  But she was still too scared to sleep.  She lay awake with her thoughts for a long time.  Some time after, she heard muffled voices.  She couldn’t tell where they were coming from or what they were saying, but they were definitely human voices.  They were having a conversation.
Her rational side told her Frank had gone downstairs to watch TV.  Her irrational side told her they were from another realm.  They continued for several minutes and then suddenly stopped.  Jill had hardly been able to make out any of the words.  Not knowing what to make of it, she just lay there.
It seemed like forever until the sun came up.  When it did, Jill shut off the lamp.  She didn’t know whether to try to get some sleep now or just get out of bed and try to take her mind off things.  But before she could think about it too much, she felt herself get very drowsy.  Like she had been given a strong sedative.  Her eyes felt heavy and then she drifted off to sleep.

Jill woke up about ten to a grey morning.  She couldn’t remember having any dreams at all since she fell back asleep, and for that she was relieved.  She felt like something was wrong with her.  She couldn’t even go three nights lately without being terrorized in her sleep.  She thought since she had taken the body out of the house, the nightmares and haunting would end.  But what she saw last night, if she really saw it, proved that nothing had changed.
‘Maybe not until the funeral will things end’  Jill told herself and got out of bed.
The cat was sitting on the floor halfway between the bed and door.  Jill bent down to pet it and it pushed its face against Jill’s hand.  She was looking forward to owning him.  She just needed to think of a name for him.
She opened the bedroom door and the cat walked close by her as she went downstairs.  Frank had made himself breakfast and was eating at the table.
“Hey.  Have fun sleeping by yourself?” he scowled as she entered the kitchen.
“Sure.  It was better than with you,” Jill lied.  She didn’t know where she wanted to sleep that night.
“Well I loved having enough space on the bed to stretch out.  We should keep this up,” Frank said.
“We will,” Jill growled.  She had no idea when he would stop his nasty mood, but wished he would soon.
“And look.  I cooked myself breakfast and didn’t burn down the place.”
“You’re not that bad a cook.” Jill didn’t know why she was giving him a compliment.
“That’s not what you said at Larry’s,” Frank said.  “Guess you don’t know everything.”
“Drop it, Frank!” Jill screamed.
He seemed a little startled by how loudly she yelled and was quiet for several minutes.
The phone rang and Jill answered it immediately thinking it was someone important.  When she picked it up, she just heard static and it sounded like someone was whispering.
“Hello.  Who is this?” Jill demanded
She heard some noises and then the line went dead.  Confused, she hung up the phone.
“Who was that?” Frank asked.
Jill was about to answer but the phone rang again.  
“Hello?” Jill said.
“Hello.  Is this Jill Mulberry?” a man asked.
“Yes,” Jill said, relieved to hear a normal human voice.
“This is Sargeant Landy with the Maple County Police Department.  You found a body in your house on Thursday,” the man explained who he was.
“Yes, we did,” Jill said.
“The body has been identified as Lars Ullson.  He disappeared in 1956,” Sargeant Landy said.
“I knew it,” Jill said.
“There will be a funeral tomorrow at Oak Tree Cemetery.  You had mentioned to Officer Davis that you wanted to go,” Sargeant Landy said.
“Yes, I do.  What time?”
“Eleven in the morning.”
“I’ll be there,” Jill said.  “Have you found his family?”
“A few of them, yes.  They should be there tomorrow.  That’s all I have to say,” Sargeant Landy said.
“Thank you.  Bye,” Jill said, glad to hear her hunch was right.
“What was that about?” Frank demanded.
“The body we found.  They’re having a funeral tomorrow.”
“And I presume you want to go.”
“Yes, things need to get better around here,” Jill stated.
“Don’t tell me you’re still imagining things!”
“I’m not imagining anything that isn’t true,” Jill said.
“You’ve really deluded yourself, haven’t you,” Frank said with a disapproving face.
“You’re gonna be sorry you said that one of these days,” Jill said.
“Why?  You’re gonna beat me up?”
“I wouldn’t, but something here might get you,” Jill said and paused.  “Frank, are you sure we can’t rent a place until we get an exorcist for this house?”
“An exorcist?” Frank looked amused.
“It’s not funny,” Jill wished something would happen to him to make him believe her.
“It sure is.  Look, Jill.  I’m staying here.  If you want to leave, leave!  But don’t make up stories about phantoms and spirits in this house.”  Frank got up and put his dish in the sink.  He walked out of the room and quickly left the house without saying where he was going.
Jill sighed.  But she wasn’t going to sit home all day crying.  So she called Becky.  Becky said she would be at Jill’s house about twelve thirty.  They didn’t yet decide where to go.
Jill fed the cat the last of the deli meat and then waited.  Becky arrived right on time and Jill greeted her.  Jill told Becky to decide where to go since she’d lived in the area much longer than Jill.  Becky took Jill to a quaint shopping village forty minutes away.  There were many trees and restaurants with outdoor tables.  Jill loved it.
As they were having ice cream, Jill asked, “So is everything okay with Larry?”
“Fine.  Why do you ask?”
“Just when we went to the movies, you thought he was cheating on you,” Jill reminded her new friend.
“Oh, I think you were right.  It was nothing.  He’s been nice to me lately.”
Jill wished she could say the same about Frank.
“And did Frank tell you about the fourth of July?” Becky asked.
“What about the fourth of July?”
“Well, it’s in two days as you know.  And every year, the county puts on fireworks over Lake Peaceful.  It’s really pretty.  Me and Larry are going and want you to join us.”
“I’d like to, but I don’t know about Frank,” Jill said.
“Larry said he told him about it already.  I don’t know why Frank didn’t tell you,” Becky said.
“Becky, has Larry mentioned anything to you about Frank?” 
“Like what?”
“Like him being surly at work, or just different than usual?” Jill asked, hoping someone else noticed what she did.
“No.  Larry said Frank’s doing a great job,” Becky said casually, then became serious.  “Has he been different to you?”
“Yes, and I can’t stand it.  I thought maybe something happened at work to upset him.”
“Nothing that I know of,” Becky seemed concerned for Jill.
“Oh,” Jill felt disappointed.
“Has he hit you?” Becky asked in a low voice.
“Not really.  But he’s always making rude remarks.  I mean, he used to make jokes.  But now, it feels like he doesn’t like me anymore,” Jill said.
“I’m sorry,” Becky said.  She was about to say something when a woman Jill recognized approached.
“Jill.  Jill Mulberry?” Mary asked coming over to their table.
“Hi,” Jill said.
“Small world, huh?” Mary said.
“Um, Becky this is Mary.  Mary, this is my friend Becky.”
“Nice to meet you,” Becky said.
“Likewise.  So Jill, has everything been going okay at your new place?” Mary asked.
“Well…,” Jill didn’t know what she should tell her.  Though Mary said strange things happened to her mother, so she might not be too surprised.
“Did Frank let you get a cat yet?” Mary asked enthusiastically.
“Actually one has been coming by my house for a week.  I brought it inside.  I’m pretty sure it has no owner.  At least not anymore,” Jill said.
“Great.  I love pets.  Wanna see a picture of my mother with one of her cats?” Mary asked.
“Sure.”
Mary took out her wallet and showed her a picture of an elderly lady with a cat on her lap.  Jill’s heart skipped a beat when she looked closely at the cat.  It looked exactly the cat that was in her house.
Mary noticed Jill had a worried expression on her face.
“Is everything okay?” she asked Jill.
“Yes.  When was that picture taken?”
“1988.  Soon before my mother died.  By this time, many of the other cats were gone.  This one’s name was Timmy.  He was the next to last to go before my mother passed away.”
“All the cats had died before your mother did?”
“Unfortunately.  I think that’s part of what killed her.  To have eight losses like that in so few years,” Mary said dismally.
“It’s probably nothing.  But Timmy looks just like the cat that I just took in,” Jill said, feeling she shouldn’t keep it a secret.
“Well there’s only so many breeds.  Many cats of the same breed look almost the same,” Mary wasn’t thinking what Jill was thinking, that it was the same cat.
“It’s odd though,” Jill said.
Mary looked like she didn’t know what to say.  She shifted uncomfortably and was about to excuse herself.
Jill saw she was about to leave and asked, “Mary, do you have a few minutes?  I’d like to know more about your mother and what it was like for her in my house.”
“Actually, I can give you a number of someone who could help more than I could.  As I said before, my mother and I weren’t close in her final years.  That’s when she complained of odd things.  But her friend, Agnes Gold, is still alive.  She lives in the Shady Brook retirement home.  You could see her.”
Jill realized Becky was right there listening.  
“I guess so,” Jill said.
Mary wrote down a number and address on a paper from her purse.  She handed it to Jill.
“I have to buy a present for my grand-nephew, so I better get going,” Mary stated.
“Okay.  It was nice talking to you,” Jill said.
“Certainly.  Maybe we’ll meet again,” Mary said and walked away.
“What was that about?” Becky asked.
“Her mother used to live in my house.  I met her at church,” Jill said.
“Oh, well that’s great you’re interested in meeting former owners,” Becky said, though Jill could tell she actually thought it was strange.
“Do you feel like going to the retirement home?” Jill asked, eager to talk to Agnes.
“Sorry.  Those places depress me,” Becky said.
“Well I can go tonight or another day.  So what stores should we check out?” Jill changed the subject.
“Um, I know this trendy boutique called Lady Jane,” Becky said.
“Great,” Jill said.
They finished their ice cream and then walked to the store.  The sky was overcast but it was rather bright.  As Jill went with Becky to Lady Jane and other stores, she got the strangest feeling she would run into Samantha.  Samantha was now missing for over two days and there was no sign of her.  Jill didn’t want to believe she might be dead or that anything bad happened to her.  She almost went up to one girl who she mistook for Samantha at first glance.  Becky noticed Jill seemed distracted but didn’t say anything.  Becky didn’t know about Samantha’s disappearance or that she had even come to visit.
When Becky and Jill were ready to leave, Jill was disappointed.  Samantha definitely wasn’t at the village.  Jill wished she had at least a clue to her whereabouts.  But she had nothing.  She remembered that she could now officially report Samantha missing.  So that’s what she resolved to do as soon as she got home.
Becky dropped Jill off at her house about four o’clock.  Jill hadn’t bought anything, but Becky had spent about forty dollars.  Jill waved good-bye to Becky and went in her house.  There were many thoughts on her mind.  Two of the most important were the cat Timmy, and Samantha.
“Timmy!” Jill called as she entered, testing if the cat would respond.
She couldn’t hear any movement in the house.  So she walked around the downstairs.
“Timmy!  Timmy kitty!” Jill yelled to no avail.
Jill assumed the cat was hiding, so she went to the kitchen and made a call about Samantha.
After being on hold for awhile, Jill stated to an officer, “I’d like to report a missing person.”
Jill explained how Samantha had come to visit and she hadn’t seen her in three days, though her car was in the driveway.  Jill described Samantha as best she could.  The woman she spoke to told Jill she would look into the matter.
Jill made a silent prayer that Samantha would be found.  Then instead of sticking around the house, she went right out again to visit Agnes in the retirement home.
Shady Brook Retirement Village was a four story, peach-colored building on the outskirts of town.  There was a beautiful park with lovely flowers nearby.  Jill found a parking spot and walked to the entrance.  Some old ladies were sitting outside at a table playing a card game.
A bubbly young receptionist greeted Jill when she entered.
“Can I help you?” she asked.
“Yes.  I’d like to visit Agnes Gold,” Jill stated.
“I think she’s upstairs in the lounge room.  Can you just sign in please?”
“Sure,” Jill said and wrote her name on a guestbook.
Many of the elderly people eyed Jill as she walked past.  Some of them looked sick and frail.  Some of them looked healthy.  On her way to the stairs, Jill passed a woman and young boy talking to an old woman with a blonde wig.  The woman was smiling at who Jill guessed was her grandson.
Jill didn’t know what Agnes looked like, so she hoped she could find her without too much commotion.  Jill found the lounge room.  It had windows all along two walls.  There were several couches and comfortable chairs.  The sun was breaking through the clouds and lighting up the room.   Jill approached an old African American woman.
“Do you know where I could find Agnes Gold?” she asked politely.
“Right over there, looking out the window,” the lady pointed and smiled.
Jill approached, anticipating a productive conversation.
“Excuse me, Agnes?” Jill said.
The woman, who had pure white hair but a rather smooth face, turned around.
“Yes?” she asked timidly.
“Hi.  You don’t know me.  My name is Jill Mulberry.  I met Mary Ruben.  She told me you were a friend of Anna Gerlin, her mother,” Jill went straight to the point.
Agnes smiled fondly.  “Oh Anna!  I remember her.  We used to play bingo every Friday night!”
“Do you remember her well?” Jill asked.
“I knew her for almost forty years.  We used to work together at the clothing factory!”
“I bought the house she used to live in.  Can I ask some questions?” Jill asked.  Agnes didn’t seem like she had a weak heart, but Jill hoped she wouldn’t get upset if the topic switched to the paranormal.
“Oh, you live there now?  It’s a huge place.  How many children do you have?”
“None, yet.”
“Oh, well maybe the Lord will bless you with one soon,” Agnes said.
“I’d like to know a little about Anna,” Jill said, finally taking a seat nearby.
“Oh, she was seventeen years older than me.  Lived to be eighty nine.  She was born just at the turn of the century, you know.”
“I can imagine,” Jill said.
“She had a wonderful husband.  He was a banker.  But he got sick and passed away.  I went to his funeral.”
“So was she in the house all by herself?” Jill asked.
“Yes, her husband left all his money to her.  So she bought the house and had eight cats.  They were like her children.  I can’t even remember all their names,” Agnes said, fondly.
Jill didn’t feel comfortable asking the next question, but she did anyway.  “Mary said Anna complained of strange things around the house.  Did you ever see anything?”
Agnes suddenly frowned.  “There are ghosts.  I think there was a doorway to below in her house.”
Jill wasn’t ready to believe that, but she said, “Did you spend much time there?”
“You know, one night I slept over.  I was reading late at night and I heard Anna call my name.  I went to see what she wanted, but she was sleeping away in her bed.  And when I got back, someone had taken the bookmark out of my book,” Anna said, sounding sure of herself.
“Really?” Jill asked.
“Another time, we were eating dinner.  And I swear, the water bottle on the counter fell over by itself.  Made a mess on the floor,” Agnes seemed deep in thought.
Jill remembered the empty box falling off the counter by itself.
“Did you or Anna feel in danger?” Jill asked.
“You know, I’m not sure.  Anna said one night, her departed husband called.  It sounded like it was him and he knew things only Horace would know,” Agnes stated.
“What did she pass away from?” Jill asked.
“A heart attack.  When Fluffy, that was her cat, passed away, she lost all hope.  The doctor said the heart attack was natural, but I think something there scared her to death,” Agnes said.
Jill felt someone standing behind her staring.  She glanced around momentarily and then glanced back.  Then something struck her as astonishing.  The woman she saw behind her looked like an elderly Marilu, if her dream had been accurate.
Jill turned around.
“You’re talking about that awful house?” the woman said.
“Is your name Marilu?” Jill couldn’t stop from asking.
The woman was about to answer when Agnes tapped Jill on the hand.  “Are you my daughter Nancy’s friend?”
“What?  No, I’m Jill,” Jill said, realizing Agnes might be senile.
“Nancy always raved about her friend.  Do you still talk to her?” Agnes said.
Jill sighed.  Now she didn’t know whether or not to believe what Agnes had said.
“She’s getting old and forgets things,” the woman said to Jill.  “And how do you know my name?”
“I, uh, met Naomi,” Jill stuttered.
“Naomi.  I haven’t seen that old girl in years,” Marilu said.
Jill looked at Marilu a moment.  She was still pretty, but hadn’t aged nearly as well as Naomi.  At the same time, she had a softness about her and a look like she had been through a great deal.
“Do you want to talk?” Jill asked.
“Sure.  I heard you saying you moved into that terrible house,” Marilu said.
“I’ll be away talking to someone else for awhile,” Jill told Agnes gently.  “I might see you again later.”
“Say hi to Billy,” Agnes said.
Jill nodded and followed Marilu to an empty section of the room.
“She goes in and out of clarity.  Sometimes she’s lucid.  Sometimes she doesn’t know what she’s saying,” Marilu told her.
“Is she gonna be okay?” Jill asked.
“She’s healthy otherwise,” Marilu said.
“Did you hear any of the stuff she mentioned?  Would you believe the things she said?” Jill asked.
“After living there for eight years, I would,” Marilu said.
“So you were a, uh,” Jill was trying to put it delicately.
“Hooker?  Naomi told you a lot,” Marilu said, like she wasn’t embarrassed.
“Do you have any family here?” Jill asked.
“I have one son, but he never sees me.  I think he’s ashamed of what his mom did for a living,” Marilu said.
“Why did you do it?” Jill asked.
“I had to.  I barely passed my high school classes.  I tried a typist job, but I couldn’t focus for eight hours,” Marilu said.
“Still,” Jill said.
“I know it might have been a mistake.  But nobody’s perfect,” Marilu said.
“So, Naomi mentioned some disturbing things.  Like guys disappearing and this girl Jasmine becoming evil,” Jill said.
“Yes.  You know who I think it was, doing all those things?  Michael Trent, have you heard of him?” Marilu said.
“Yes, he was stealing money and got caught,” Jill said.
“Well not by the police.  He killed the snitch before he had a chance to report him,” Marilu said.
Jill was now used to the story.  But she wanted to know more, “So did Michael die?”
“Yes, I think Lars, the man Michael killed, was trapped in the house, but in another dimension.  He lured Michael there and then killed him for revenge.  But Michael didn’t go to the afterlife either.  He became evil and powerful.  I don’t know what happened exactly, but he took on a new life,” Marilu said.
Jill knew what Marilu was saying was out there, but she believed her.  “Have you ever seen Michael?”
“Jasmine did.  I heard he looked like a monster.”
“So Jasmine gave him men’s souls?”
“Yes, twelve in all.  And I’m ashamed to say, I was responsible for another,” Marilu said.
“When?” Jill asked.
“In 1968.  He was an accountant from upstate New York.  I felt so bad after that I ran away.  Eventually, I had to return since I had nowhere else to stay.”
“Gary was gone by then?”
“Yes, may he burn in hell.  A woman by the name of Dolly Tobrick ran the place.  She treated us much better,” Marilu told Jill.
“So how did the men die?” Jill asked.
“They didn’t exactly die.  Michael, or Ike was what we called him when he became a demon, took their souls to torture them.  Their bodies were still living,” Marilu said.
“Where were their bodies?  Didn’t anyone see them?”
“Ike hid them.  In a secret room that I never found,” Marilu said.
Jill wondered if there really was an underground passage in the basement.  She hoped there wasn’t.  She was about to ask more when someone rang a bell.
“Dinner’s ready!” a woman in chef’s uniform called.
Everyone started clearing out of the room.
“You’re welcome to join us.  There’s always extra food,” Marilu said congenially.
“I don’t know.  Maybe I should come back another time,” Jill said.
“It’s no big deal.  It feels good to get this off my chest.  The staff here won’t believe me, so I stopped mentioning it to them,” Marilu said.
Jill could understand the staff’s point of view.  When she was in New York, she thought stuff like this was fantasy.  Now she believed in supernatural forces.
Jill decided to accept the offer and stay.
“Great,” Marilu said and led Jill through the building and to a large cafeteria.  Everyone except some disabled people took trays and food themselves.  The cafeteria was serving chicken with gravy, mashed potatoes, and a vegetable medley.  There was also bread and fruit.
Jill and Marilu took their food and found a table.
“So what happened to you after the brothel was shut down?” Jill asked.
“I moved into an apartment I shared with Phylicia and Abby, two of the other hookers.  They made more money so I contributed the least to the rent.  I stayed there for a few years.  During that time I got pregnant and had my son.  The father dumped me when he found I was pregnant.  I eventually found a better job and had a place of my own.”
“Do you know where the others are?” Jill asked.
“You said you’ve met Naomi so I don’t have to tell you about her.  A few days after the final guy was taken by Ike, Jasmine disappeared and I haven’t seen her since.  Um, I think Abby and Phylicia moved to California and still live next door to each other.  They’re both married.  Veronica and Katie, I’ve lost touch with.”
Jill was disappointed that she wouldn’t be able to talk to any of the others, but glad to at least have met Marilu.  One thing that struck her as strange was she didn’t see Jasmine in the dream where she was Veronica, but there were six girls beside herself.  Jill didn’t bother asking Marilu about it, though.
Marilu noticed Jill silently thinking.  “So are you married?”
“Yes, my husband and I moved here from Manhattan.”
“Oh, it’s so big and noisy there.  I’m much happier in a town like this,” Marilu said.
“I like the change.  I wish we picked a different house, though.  Guess I’m just unlucky.”
“I don’t think it’s luck.  Maybe you were meant to go there for a reason.  Has anything happened yet?” Marilu asked.
“Yes, I’ve been having bad dreams.  And some things around the house were moved or I heard noises or prank calls,” Jill started.
“You know what I did when I got scared or thought I saw something?” Marilu asked.
“What?”
“I closed my eyes and repeated over and over: ‘This isn’t real.  I’m safe.  This isn’t real’,” Marilu said.
“And it worked?”
“Usually,” Marilu said.  “I varied what I said sometimes but you get the point.”
Jill switched the subject to more ordinary topics for the rest of the meal.  After everyone cleared out, she found Agnes and said good-bye.  Jill didn’t want to bother Agnes with questions.  Unlike Marilu, Agnes actually talked and conducted herself like a frail old woman.
It was getting dark as Jill left.  She remembered she had to buy cat food so she stopped to pick up food and treats.  She would eventually get litter, but for now she figured the cat could go outside.
Jill arrived home to find Frank gone.  She still didn’t know what to do with him.  He gave her no clue what happened to change him.  She knew it wasn’t anything she had said to him.  She was still worried about Samantha.
Jill tried to watch TV but couldn’t pay attention.  Before today, she thought Lars was the only ghost.  Now there could be another, even worse one.  Ike, and what if there were ghosts of the disappeared men?  There could be spirits everywhere.  She wondered if any were in the room with her and if they saw her.
Frank came in suddenly carrying a TV box.
“You got another TV?” Jill asked.
“Yep.  For my bedroom.  If you want to watch it, you’ll have to sleep with me again!” Frank said putting it down on the floor.
“No thanks,” Jill instinctively replied.
“I figured why waste a cable outlet since the company bothered installing one upstairs,” Frank said trying to open the box and pretending not to hear her.
Jill didn’t offer help, but instead just sat there.  Eventually, he had the TV out and carried it upstairs.  Jill heard him setting up and then he walked downstairs.
“It works great,” he said.  “How was Becky?”
“Fine.  Did you think to tell me about the fourth of July?” Jill asked.
“I didn’t know if you’d be interested.”
“You know I don’t want to sit in this hellhole the rest of my life!” Jill said.
“What’s wrong with this house now?”
“Why won’t you acknowledge something’s wrong?” Jill asked.
“Like what?”
“Where the fuck’s Samantha?” Jill screamed.
“Jill, Samantha has always been a little impulsive.  She doesn’t always think before she gets herself into things.  Wherever she is, it’s not our problem.”
“That’s nice for you to say.”
“Is that all you’re so upset about?” Frank asked.
“No.  What happened to you in the attic?”
“What do you mean?  I’m the same as I always was.”
“No, you’re not.  You’re different,” Jill said sadly.
Frank rolled his eyes and left the room to get a drink.  Jill went upstairs to write.  She wrote about a woman who was having relationship trouble.  When it got late, she went to look for Timmy and go to bed.  She couldn’t find him after searching every room of the house.
She walked into the kitchen to find Frank having a snack.  “Have you seen Timmy?”
“Who’s Timmy?”
“What I named the cat,” Jill stated.
“I don’t know where he is,” Frank said.
“You didn’t do anything to him, did you?” Jill asked, suspecting Frank of something.
“Please.  I have better things to do than kill a cat,” Frank snorted.
“I didn’t say kill.  You could have taken him to a shelter,” Jill said, annoyed with Frank for how casually he said kill.
“He’s your new pet.  You should keep track of where he is.”
“That doesn’t mean I can’t leave the house,” Jill said and stormed out of the room.
She brushed her teeth and put her nightgown on.  Then she carried a book to the yellow bedroom.  She became hesitant to go in there after what happened the night before and she stopped herself for a moment.
Frank came up the stairs to see her standing by the door.
“You’re really gonna sleep alone again?” Frank asked.
“Until you apologize,” Jill said.
“That’ll be the day,” Frank said and started to walk to the master bedroom.  He noticed Jill was just standing there so he walked back and said, “You going?”
“Yes, I was just thinking of something,” Jill said and went into the yellow bedroom.
Jill closed the door behind her and sighed.  She was upset about so many things she couldn’t take it any more.  She hoped the cat would come back, unless he did belong to someone.  Jill assumed he got out during the day and wandered off.
She read for only about twenty minutes.  Her mind was too distracted to read more.  So she shut out the light and tried to go to sleep.  She hoped this night would be more restful than the previous one.

Jill was in the carpeted room at the end of the hall that had previously been empty.  She was on a treadmill walking at a comfortable pace.  A part of her knew it was a dream but she was just playing along.  She thought the dream would be uneventful, when suddenly the treadmill started moving faster.
Jill had to start running.  Soon it was going too fast to keep up.  She frantically tried to stop it, but as soon as she pressed a button, she felt the platform underneath her feet give way.  She grabbed onto the handles.
She looked down to see the bottom of the treadmill had fallen into a deep dark hole the size of the base of the machine.  She could only hold herself up a few moments and then dropped.  She was clinging desperately to the side handles.  But now her lower half was hanging through the floor.  She looked down.  Blackness as far as she could see was below her.  She knew if she let go, she’d be in trouble.
“Help!” she screamed to no avail.
She wished she had exercised more and was stronger.  But then she remembered it should be a dream and she should be able to do anything.  She focused with all her might and tried to bend her arms to lift herself up.  After a struggle, she succeeded.  Then she moved backwards and tried to get on the floor.  It was awkward but she managed.
She backed from the hole and looked around.  The room had no furniture except for the machine.  Knowing she probably shouldn’t, she peered into the hole.  She didn’t see the first floor of her house.  Just emptiness.
Suddenly she wanted to get out of the room.  She stood up and walked to the closed door to the hall.  She was devastated when she couldn’t open it and she couldn’t find a lock.
Then she heard a noise and saw the floor at the other end of the wall give way.  The carpet broke off and the floor boards fell into the abyss below.  Then the next set of carpet and floor fell and it slowly progressed towards where she was.
She panicked but had no idea how to escape.  She tried the door again.  The noises of the wood breaking was loud and startling.  She banged on the door frantically hoping someone would open it.  But no one did.
The hole soon took up half the room and was getting larger.  Jill hoped she would be okay.  If she was dreaming, she should wake up or fall into some other room.  But she sensed if she fell, she would be in worse danger.
Time moved very slowly as the rest of the floor gave way.  It was like waiting for one’s execution.  As it reached her feet, Jill waited for the inevitable.  In a last desperate attempt to escape, she grabbed the door handle just as the floor beneath her fell into the blackness below.  She knew the handle couldn’t give her a good enough grip to hold on for long.  But she was surprised when the door came off its hinges and fell into the room with her.
She felt herself falling and then hit something hard.  She was on the floor of the bedroom.  She had fallen off the right side of the bed.  The covers were hanging off the bed with her.
A little shaken, she stood up.  She wished she could get a pill to stop these dreams from happening.  She was afraid to go back to sleep.  So she decided to go downstairs and have a drink of water.  She walked through the darkened house and found the refrigerator.  She poured herself water and drank it greedily.
All of a sudden, the now familiar classical music started playing.  Jill jumped at the sound even though it was soft.  She put the water down.  Jill knew where it was coming from and had guessed that it was on a timer of some sort, so she resolved to go the living room and shut it off.
But as she approached the room, she sensed someone was in there.  She cautiously peeked around the corner and saw an old lady on one of the chairs.  She had a cat that looked like Timmy on her lap and looked to be dozing.
“Timmy?  Anna?” Jill whispered.
Neither the cat or old lady seemed to notice her approach.  She walked towards them slowly, hoping they were harmless.  Just as she got within touching distance, they disappeared.  Jill was staring at an empty chair.
Jill was startled and disoriented.  Was she still asleep?  The music was still playing.  Jill suddenly felt safer in bed than downstairs, so she shut off the music and hurried back to her room.
She decided to sit up in bed for awhile.  She didn’t want to fall asleep and she didn’t want to explore the house in the middle of the night.  As the hours passed, she began to feel tired.  She felt her eyes getting heavy.
A minute later she was having another dream.  This one was black and white and slightly blurry.  She was staring at a coffin in the middle of a cemetery.  People she didn’t recognize were dressed in black and crowded around the location.  Some of them were crying.
A minister was speaking Latin, which Jill didn’t understand.
All of a sudden she was awake again.  The dream reminded her of the funeral she would be going to today.  Maybe it was just her brain anticipating it and not another nightmare.  Just as she was becoming calm, the door started to glow.
She stared in disbelief as a human like form walked through the door.  It looked like a young man.  He was glowing a golden color all over his body and clothes.  Jill hoped it wasn’t Ike.
She slid down in bed and closed her eyes.  She felt the man approach.  She opened her eyes momentarily to get a glance at him.  He didn’t look solid but she couldn’t see through him.  He had normal features, but she was still terrified.
Jill closed her eyes and whispered, “This isn’t happening.  This isn’t real.”
She repeated the two phrases over and over, remembering Marilu’s advice.  
“Jill,” she heard someone whisper.  The voice didn’t sound mad, but rather gentle.
But she still didn’t open her eyes.  She continued repeating the two phrases she hoped would snap things back to normal.  After at least a hundred repetitions, she dared open her eyes.  It was morning.
Jill was even more relieved to see the daylight than she had been the day before.  She wanted to get out of the room.  She would have to sleep somewhere else that night, since the yellow room was no safer than the others.  As she was about to walk out the door, she noticed a card on the desk.  It was open with the edges holding up the card on the dresser.
She examined it.
“Thank you,” was written on it in elegant cursive writing.
She suddenly felt a sentimental feeling sweep over her.  Could the ghost have been Lars thanking Jill for giving him a funeral?  That’s the first thing that came into Jill’s mind.  She felt safe for a moment and thought about Lars.  She might meet some of his family today.  They would probably be relieved to lay the matter to rest.  Jill felt glad for being able to help and walked downstairs, eagerly awaiting the funeral.




Chapter Seventeen




As Jill was having her cereal for breakfast, her calm feeling from seeing the note dissipated.  The nightmare about the treadmill was pretty startling.  Jill felt certain that she would have another nightmare that night.  Samantha was still missing and Frank hadn’t snapped out of his mood.  At least, she would find out when he came downstairs.
Frank came downstairs looking very tired while Jill was finishing.  Jill tried to be cheerful.
“Good morning,” she called.
“Yeah, yeah,” Frank groaned and poured himself a glass of orange juice.  He sat at the table and asked, “How did you sleep?”
“Not so good,” Jill admitted, ready to talk about her experiences.
“So I guess I have to go to this funeral today,” Frank ignored her statement.
“You don’t have to, but I think you should.”
“Why again?  I mean this guy died before I was born,” Frank said.
“He died before I was born, too.  It just that it happened here and I think it would appease the spirits.  You know, show respect for the dead.”
“I never knew my wife was into this new age crap,” Frank groaned.
“Then don’t go,” Jill hissed and left the table.
Jill went upstairs to shower and get ready.  It took her a while since she put on make-up and perfume as well.  She changed into her black dress.  Frank walked into the bathroom as she was finishing.  He had changed into a black suit.
“You decided to go?” Jill asked, glad that he would be coming.
“Yeah, I guess,” Frank muttered.
“Do you need to use the bathroom?” Jill asked.
“In a few minutes.  I don’t take hours like you,” Frank said.
Jill sighed and tried to finish quickly.  Frank gave no sign of returning to himself.  Then she left Frank to finish whatever he had to do.  They left at the time Jill had planned.
It was a cooler than usual day as they drove to the cemetery.  Since it was at the cemetery, Jill assumed Lars would be buried that day too.  As they arrived, Jill noticed a small gathering of people, mostly elderly.
“That must be them,” Jill said and started to approach.
Two old ladies were in conversation as Jill approached.  They stopped talking when Jill reached them and one said, “Hello.  Glad you could come.  How did you know Lars?”
“I was the one who found his body in my house,” Jill said.
“You’re Jill!” the lady brightened.  “Oh, I’m so glad to meet you.  I can’t thank you enough.”
Jill shook the two ladies’ hands and said, “This is my husband Frank.”
“Hey,” Frank gave a little wave.
“I’m Anita.  I was his wife,” the old lady who first spoke to Jill said.
“I’m Betsy.  He was my brother,” the old lady said.
“This must be a relief,” Jill said consolingly.
“Yes, certainly.  Even though I had no proof, I had a feeling he was dead ever since the week after he went missing.  Sometimes though, I’d fantasize that he’d walk through the door and have a juicy story about where he had been.  But it never happened,” Anita said.
“Did you remarry?” Frank asked.
“Fifteen years after Lars disappeared.  I waited as long as I could.  I still have his picture in my bedroom,” Anita stated.
“Well he deserves a proper funeral,” Jill said.
“Yes, it’s long overdue.  All because some lowlife had to kill him like that, I’ve spent years feeling a loss in my heart and sadness that he wasn’t given a burial.  You know I was pregnant with our first child when he died,” Anita said sadly.
“I’m sorry,” Jill said.
“Well the service should be starting soon.  We better get to the site,” Anita said and motioned for everyone to follow.
There were five other people besides the two women.  Jill didn’t know who they were, but followed the group through the cemetery.  A minister in robes met them and greeted everyone.  Then he started a service.
The man talked about Lars’ life and that he could now finally rest.  About halfway through the service, Jill began to get a feeling Samantha was dead.  She had no evidence but also no explanation of where she could have gone for four days.  If she had been kidnapped, Jill would think the kidnappers would have contacted her and Frank by now.
Tears began to roll down Jill’s cheeks.  Samantha was her best friend.  She wished she wouldn’t have let her visit so soon.  Especially when she knew something might be going on in the house.  How would she tell Samantha’s family?
Jill cried silently.  The feeling that Samantha was dead grew stronger.  She wished for one chance to say good-bye.  Frank noticed her crying but didn’t comfort her.  Jill thought he looked indignant.
After the minister stopped speaking, Anita gave a speech.  She introduced and thanked Jill and Frank.  Soon after, it was over.
“Do funerals upset you?” Anita asked, noticing that Jill had been crying.
“Yeah,” Jill said.
“Well we’re going to have a gathering at Betsy’s house.  You and your husband are welcome to join us.”
“That’d be nice,” Jill replied.
Everyone started walking back to their cars.  Anita gave directions but also said to follow her car.  Jill and Frank didn’t talk on the ride over to Betsy’s house.  Betsy lived in a large house with a very large front and back yard.  Jill liked it, except that there weren’t many trees.
Everyone went inside and sat in the living room.
Betsy walked over with a younger woman and said to Jill, “Jill.  This is my daughter Rebecca.”
“Good to meet you,” Rebecca said.  “So you must have been scared when you found Lars’ skeleton?”
“I was expecting it.  Someone told me the story of how he died and where he was buried,” Jill said.
“You’ve heard the rumors that his boss killed him?” Rebecca said.
“Yes,” Jill replied.
“The worst part is that that creep was never convicted,” Rebecca said, looking angry.
“He disappeared himself less than a year later, remember,” Betsy said.
“He probably fled the country,” Rebecca said.
“Have you ever met Michael Trent?” Jill asked.
“Yes, and he seemed charismatic.  But I sensed he was hiding something,” Betsy answered.
“What do you do for a living?” Rebecca asked Jill.
“I want to be a novelist,” Jill stated.
“That’s incredible.  You must be gifted.”
“My parents encouraged me.  My dad’s a producer of several plays.”
“What does your husband do?” Betsy asked.
“He manages a restaurant in town.  He just got offered the job and that’s why we moved up here from New York,” Jill explained.
“If I could live in New York, I don’t know if I’d want to leave,” Rebecca said.
Jill noticed Anita and a man bringing some food out on platters.  Betsy followed Jill’s gaze.
“Looks like lunch is served.  Take what you want,” Betsy said and moved away from Jill.
Frank had been silent and looked tired.  But the food woke him up.  Jill walked over to see they had finger sandwiches, cocktail franks, bread, and a few other hors d’oeuvres.
Frank began talking to Rebecca’s husband about baseball.  Jill talked with Anita and Betsy more, though she was hesitant to bring up the murder or that Lars’ spirit may have killed Michael and now Michael’s ghost was haunting their house.  So she talked about more ordinary things.
She was about to excuse herself and go home when Rebecca got started on something that caught Jill’s attention.
Betsy was asking if a funeral at this point even mattered, when Rebecca said, “Being buried in the basement is probably what put a curse on that house.”
“What?” Jill asked.
“Sorry, I know you live there, but that house has some bad history.  Everyone in my school was talking about what happened there in the seventies,” Rebecca said.
Jill remembered there was a gap between when the brothel closed down and Anna moved in.  She hadn’t heard anything about what happened in between.
“What happened in the seventies?” Jill asked.
“Well a nice family moved in the house in 1972.  The father and mother were a happy, lovely couple with a young daughter.  The daughter Marcy was in some of my classes.  Then in 1977 Chester, the father, went berserk.  He killed his wife and daughter and then himself.  And it was right around the holidays!”
Jill suddenly remembered her dream where a man named Chester killed a woman with an axe.  She suddenly felt faint.  
But she composed herself, and said, “How did he kill them?”
“With an axe used to chop wood.  I remember Marcy saying for a couple months before her death that her father was acting strangely.  He seemed moody and had a distant look in his eye,” Rebecca said.
Jill shivered.  Frank’s mood of the past week didn’t make the statement any more comforting.  In fact, what if he would soon become violent?
“So they lived there five years without any problem before that?” Jill asked, trying to make sense of things.
“Yes, but I think the love between Chester and Susan faded over the years.  And Marcy said they were screaming at each other the week before Chester murdered her,” Rebecca said.
Frank had walked over.  Jill felt herself take a couple steps away from him.
“What are you talking about?” he asked.
Rebecca repeated the story to Frank.  He seemed unfazed.
“What do you think made him go over the edge?” Jill asked when the story was finished.
“If you want my opinion, I think he was possessed.  I met him a few times when he first moved here.  And the month before the murder, I ran in to him at the supermarket.  He was definitely different, though I couldn’t describe exactly how.”
“We have to go,” Jill said suddenly.
“Are you sure?” Betsy asked, sounding disappointed.
“Yeah, we better,” Frank said.
“Jill, I heard you offered to pay for the funeral.  That was so thoughtful, but we’ve taken care of everything so don’t worry,” Anita said.
“Thanks, I’m just glad I met you guys,” Jill said.
“Stop by sometime,” Betsy said amicably.
Jill said good-bye to everyone including a couple people she hadn’t spoken to and went home with Frank.
If Frank would be nicer, and her nightmares and the haunting would end, Jill would feel a lot happier.  But she didn’t know how much longer she could go on like this.  She thought things over in the car.
“So do you feel better now?” Frank asked as he parked the car in the driveway.
“Not really,” Jill said.
“And what is wrong now?” Frank asked with disgust.
“You tell me,” Jill said and stormed out of the car and into the house.
She walked in to the kitchen and got a shock.  The glass Frank had used to have milk was floating in midair.  As soon as Jill walked in the room, it fell to the floor and shattered loudly.  Jill began to tear up.  She thought the funeral would change things, but it hadn’t.  She felt worse.
“Did you drop something?” Frank asked, coming in to the room.
“It wasn’t me!” Jill screamed, feeling helpless.
“Calm down,” Frank said.
“How can I?  Samantha’s missing.  She could be dead.  My husband hates me.  I have nightmares constantly.  My house is haunted,” Jill sobbed.
Frank looked like he didn’t know how to react.
“Is this what you were crying about at the funeral?” he finally asked.
“Yes!  Don’t you care that Samantha’s gone?  Don’t you believe me that something is wrong with this place?” Jill cried hysterically.
“Jill, we’ve been over this before.  Just because you don’t like the design of the house or whatever your reason is, doesn’t mean anything is wrong.”
“Oh yeah.  Every decade it was something else.  It was a brothel in the sixties and fifteen men disappeared.  In the seventies, a father murdered his family and himself.  In the eighties, it was the old lady and her cats.  In the nineties, it was a haunted bed and breakfast.  Don’t you see?  I don’t want to become part of this town’s folklore!” 
“How would we become this town’s folklore?” Frank demanded.
“I don’t know.  Maybe you’ll kill me like Chester killed his wife.  People will say ‘Remember the young married couple from New York who moved up here,” Jill said.
“Jill, I wouldn’t kill you.  You’re trying my patience lately, but I wouldn’t go to jail over it,” Frank said.
“Oh, that’s the reason!” Jill screamed.
“You know what I mean,” Frank said.
“Frank, I want to get out of here.  This is house is tearing us apart.  You heard what people said.  We don’t stand a chance against evil spirits if we hate each other,” Jill said.
“What evil spirits?”
“Whatever broke the glass just now,” Jill said.
“Jill, maybe we can make an appointment for you to see a doctor this week,” Frank said.
Jill became enraged at his comment.  She stormed past him and marched upstairs.  She had to get out of the house.  Especially with her dreams, she couldn’t face another night there.  She wasn’t sure where she would go, but she just had to get away for a while.
She went into the bedroom, took her suitcase, and started packing.  Frank came in while she was putting her clothes in the suitcase.
“Where are you going?”
“Away from here!  Away from you!” Jill yelled.
“And where would that be?”
“I’ll find a hotel!”
Frank looked thoughtful and then said, “I’m not paying for your hotel.”
“That’s right!  You’re not!” Jill yelled.
Frank watched her silently a moment.  She finished packing, closed the suitcase, and carried it past him.
“You’re really leaving?” he asked.
“Yes, unless you admit this house is damned and come with me,” Jill said.
“I’m staying here,” Frank said firmly.
“Then I’ll see you some time in the future,” Jill said, walking downstairs.
“What about the fourth of July tomorrow?” Frank asked.
Jill slammed the front door behind her and went to her car.  She put her suitcase in the trunk, got in the driver’s side, and started the engine.  She half expected Frank to chase after her and apologize.  But with the way he had been, she wouldn’t be surprised if the threat of losing her didn’t affect him.
She checked the rearview mirror as she pulled away.  The front door stayed closed.  Frank wasn’t going to come after her.
Jill drove around trying to find some place to stay.  She didn’t want anyplace too fancy.  She was only working part time and she didn’t want to go through the rest of her savings.  And she had no idea for how long she would be living in a hotel.
She tried a five story hotel but they were over a hundred a night and gave no discounts for a week’s rate.  So she eventually found a two story motel with all the doors to the rooms facing outside.  She pulled into the lot and hoped she could get a room.
Bells jingled as she entered the small room that served as the lobby.
“Hi, do you have weekly rates?” Jill asked a young attractive girl.
“Yes, it’s a hundred ten dollars up front,” the girl answered.
“And how much by the night?” Jill checked.
“Thirty-five dollars a night,” the girl replied.
“I’ll take a week if there’s a vacancy.”
“There are a couple of rooms available.  Would you like the first floor or second floor?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Jill said wearily.
“Okay.  I’ll give you room 118.  And how will you be paying?”
“Visa,” Jill said, taking out her wallet.
Jill paid for the room and was given her key.  As she was finding her room, she noticed the motel had a restaurant on the grounds.  That would come in useful, she thought.  The motel was L-shaped and her room was near the corner.  She opened the door and brought her suitcase inside. 
The room wasn’t fancy but it was neat enough that Jill could see herself staying the week if things didn’t get better with Frank.  She was glad she had stood up for herself and left.  Maybe some time alone would snap him out of his bad mood.
Jill watched television for a couple hours.  When she started getting hungry, she walked to the restaurant.  The food was mostly burgers and sandwiches.  Jill had a club sandwich and fries.  When she got back to the room, she debated whether or not to call Frank and tell him where she was.  She eventually decided to let him worry for the night.  She would have to see him tomorrow when she met Becky and Larry for the fireworks.  Then she would decide if she would stay in the motel a second night.  If Frank at least acted like he loved her, she would stay in the house and try to deal with whatever restless spirits were there.  But if he was going to yell and call her crazy, that was the last place she wanted to stay.
She went to bed around one in the morning and hoped she would have a good night’s sleep.


Chapter Eighteen




Jill was relieved to wake up without having a nightmare.  She was sure she had dreamed, but couldn’t remember them.  It was the fourth of July, but she wasn’t in a holiday mood.
Since it was still early, she went to the hotel restaurant for breakfast.  She was seated at a window booth near a young couple.
Jill ordered a ham and cheese omelette with hash browns.  As she was waiting for her meal to arrive, she couldn’t help but overhear the conversation of the couple next to her.
“Come on, Sara.  We have to,” the guy was saying.
“I just don’t know.  You’re asking me to leave my family,” Sara replied.
“Come on, your father doesn’t really care about you.  He just wants you under his control.  When we get to Vegas and are married, everything will be fine.  He won’t be able to dictate your life any more,” the guy said.
“But Dave,” Sara said nervously.
“We’re already halfway to Boston airport.  We can’t back out now.  We have plane tickets,” Dave said.
Jill glanced back at them momentarily.  Sara forced a smile.  Jill looked back to her own table.  The couple were obviously eloping.  She remembered being young and in love.  Her father didn’t have a problem with her freedom, but he did strongly disapprove of a boyfriend Jill had her freshman year in college.  She told her father they broke up when she kept seeing him secretly.  She was actually glad she hadn’t done anything rash and waited till she was older before getting married.  But she wasn’t about to give advice to strangers, so she kept to herself.
Her food arrived and Jill ate it greedily.  The couple left before she did.  Jill remembered back when her and Frank were engaged.  He used to bring her flowers and expensive chocolates.  He made her feel loved.  Now, she felt like she was a complete bother to him.  If he was temporarily possessed like Chester had been, she would forgive him.  If this was now the real him, she didn’t know what she would do.
After she left, she felt like she had to do something.  The fireworks wouldn’t start until dark.  She decided to see if she could get some books on ghosts or hauntings.  Reading about the subject might help or even give a clue how to help the ghosts move on.
By luck, she found a bookstore that sold more new age and spiritual books as well as some occult books.  She went inside and looked around.  After glancing at some pages and reading some back covers, she picked a book called ‘Ghosts: Afterlife on Hold’.  She carried it with her while seeing if she could find another.
She was looking at the titles while walking and didn’t expect to crash into someone.
“Sorry,” Jill instinctively apologized.
She looked about her to see a girl dressed all in black and wearing black lipstick standing by her.  She had dropped a book she was carrying.
“It’s okay,” the girl said, rubbing her arm from where Jill had crashed into her.
“I’ll get that,” Jill picked up the girl’s book and glanced at it.  It read “100 Spells to Get What You Want.”
“Thanks,” the girl said as Jill handed her the book.  Then she added when she noticed Jill’s reaction to her book title, “Don’t worry.  I won’t put a curse on you in spite.”
“I think I may already be cursed,” Jill replied.
“What do you mean?” the girl asked and read Jill’s book title aloud.  “So let me guess.  You think there’s a ghost in your house?”
“I’m sure there’s at least one,” Jill said.
“At least?  Where do you live?” the girl asked.
“At what used to be the Chester Street Bed and Breakfast,” Jill replied.
The girl lit up.  “No way!  I’ve heard so much about that place.  I wish I was old enough to go there when it was open.”
Jill wasn’t sure how to feel.
“I’m Marisol,” the girl said and held out her hand.
“Jill.”  Jill shook Marisol’s hand.
“So do you mind me asking why you bought that place if you know there’s ghosts?”
“I didn’t know.  I moved here from Manhattan with my husband.”
“Then it must be destiny.  Maybe you’re meant to do something there,” the girl said.
Jill wasn’t sure what to say next.
“I’m sorry.  Do you want to get a drink?  I’ve read so much about spirits and spells.  Maybe I could tell you something.”
Jill was amazed at herself that she said, “Sure.  Let me just pay for this.”
Marisol and Jill paid for their books and then walked to a coffee shop nearby.
“So have you seen any ghosts of the house yet?” Marisol asked after they had gotten their coffee and were seated.
“I think so.  Last night this man glowing yellow came into my room.  I don’t think he wanted to hurt me, but I was scared half to death,” Jill replied.
“Not all ghosts are evil or want to terrorize people.  Sometimes, souls get trapped here for whatever reason.  It could be something the person did or has to do.  Often concerning a love,” Marisol said.
“Well I think this ghost was murdered,” Jill said.
“And he wants you to get revenge on his killer?  Or at least turn him in?” Marisol said.
“It happened over forty years ago, I believe.  His killer probably isn’t alive,” Jill said.
“Was that…  I remember Nina telling me something about an alleged murder a long time ago,” Marisol looked thoughtful.
“Lars Ullson was his name,” Jill said.
“That’s it.  You know, if you really want to know more about your house, you should talk to my friend Nina.  She knows everything about that place.  I could give you her number and tell her to expect you.”
Jill was thankful for any help she could get.  “Alright.  Write it down,” she took a pen and paper out of her purse.
“So has anything scary happened besides last night?” Marisol asked while writing.
“Well I guess the ghost ruined two cartons of milk, spilled juice, ruined one of my books, and I could tell you more,” Jill said.
“Wow.  A real haunted house.  Do you mind if I visit sometime?”
“I had a fight with my husband.  You’d have to wait till we make up,” Jill said, not sure if Marisol should get involved.  She might endanger herself.
“I can wait,” Marisol said.
“So is this Nina your age?” Jill asked.
“No.  She’s an older friend.  But she’s really cool.”
“Well I’ll see her,” Jill put the paper in her purse.
“So what do you do?” Marisol asked.
Jill started telling her about her writing ambition.  Then Jill asked some questions.  She found Marisol had graduated high school the year before and wanted to be a paranormal investigator.
Before they departed, Marisol said, “Wait.  I promised you a spell.”
“Sure,” Jill said, giving Marisol another piece of paper and a pen.
Marisol wrote a couple of paragraphs and then handed it to Jill.
“This one should only be used on evil ghosts.  For good ghosts, you should help them do whatever they have to do to move on.  But evil ones are different.  Sometimes they’re in league with the devil and/or don’t want to move on.”
Jill studied what Marisol had written.  It instructed her to hold a mirror of any size at the ghost and say a few lines.
“It’s supposed to take away their power for twenty-four hours,” Marisol explained.
“How do I defeat an evil ghost for good?” Jill asked.
“They usually have a weakness that’s personal to them.  You can use it against them,” Marisol said.
If the evil ghost of the house was Ike, Jill didn’t know how she would go about finding what his weakness was.  She thanked Marisol and drove back to the motel.
The first thing Jill did when she got back to her room was call Becky.
“Hello?” Becky answered the phone.
“Hi.  It’s Jill.”
“Hey.  What’s going on?”
“Um, I just wanted directions to the lake.  I think I’ll be driving myself,” Jill said.
“Frank’s not coming?” Becky sounded disappointed.
“Probably in his own car,” Jill stated.
“Oh, well you know Route 3?  You take it heading west until you see a sign for Peaceful Drive.  That road takes you right to it.”
Jill had written it down.  “Okay.  What time will you be there?”
“Well there’s a picnic first that starts around six.  We were planning on eating dinner there and getting a good spot.  If the weather’s nice, it gets pretty crowded.”
“Okay.  I’ll be there at six,” Jill said.
“Alright.  Is everything okay?” Becky sensed something was wrong.
“Yeah.  Sure,” Jill lied.
“Okay, bye.”
“Bye,” Jill hung up the phone.
Jill had several hours until she had to leave so she started reading the book.  It contained several accounts of reported real life ghost encounters.  One that interested Jill was the ghost of a little girl who died of pneumonia.  She was an orphan and couldn’t leave the house she died in.  The book said many ghosts are trapped near the place they died, though a few can wander great distances.  It also said many times people don’t even see ghosts even if they’re right next to them.  Only when dimensions cross do people actually see the form of a ghost.  Jill thought about the glass floating in midair.  Had a ghost been holding it up but she wasn’t able to see him?  Had the ghosts heard her fighting with Frank?  There were many other descriptions of real life ghosts as well as more theory in the book.  Jill found it interesting, but she only finished half of it before she put it down.
She turned on the TV and watched soap operas for a few hours.  Compared to the lives of the characters, hers wasn’t any worse.  She felt better, but she knew what had been happening to her was out of the ordinary.
At five-thirty she left the motel and followed Becky’s directions to the site of the fireworks.  Peaceful Drive led her into the woods and eventually to a large clearing next to a pristine lake.  There were a handful of people already there.  Some had chairs and blankets.  Jill parked her car and walked around looking to see if Becky and Larry were there yet.  She couldn’t find them easily but she noticed an area where food was being served.  A few people were grilling hot dogs, hamburgers, and chicken.  There were also three tables with fruit salad, rolls, and other side dishes.  Jill hadn’t eaten lunch so she almost took some fruit and bread as an appetizer, when someone called her name.
She turned around to see Becky and Larry approach.
“Hi Jill,” Larry said and gave her a quick hug as he got close.
“Hi,” Jill said, giving a feeble hug back.
“Where’s Frank?” Larry asked.
“He should be here soon,” Jill replied.
“Separate cars?  Everything going okay on the marriage front?” Larry asked.
“I guess,” Jill didn’t want to get into details right then.
“Well the food looks delicious.  I think I’ll get a burger to start,” Becky said and walked over to a plump woman serving the meat.
“She has a healthy appetite.  That’ll be the first of at least three,” Larry winked at Jill.
“Three?  Wow, I wish I could eat like that.  But I’d blow up like a balloon if I did,” Jill said.
“You’d be okay.  Frank wouldn’t leave you,” Larry joked.
“I’m glad you think so highly of your friend’s character,” Jill said.
“Why not?  We were best buds in college,” Larry said.
Jill had taken a plate while listening and served herself some fruit and a roll.
“So do you have much contact with Frank at work?” Jill asked.
“Quite a bit.  I spend a lot of time at the restaurant,” Larry said.
“How has he been the past week?”
“Real professional.  I made a good choice.  Why do you ask?”
“I don’t know, I don’t want to talk about it,” Jill looked away.
“So Jill.  I forgot to tell you.  My bridal shower is in a few weeks,” Becky said, returning to where Jill and Larry were standing.
“I’ll be there,” Jill said.
“Don’t have too many strippers,” Larry grinned.
“Please.  I can have a party without nudity,” Becky said, then noticed someone behind Larry.  “Hey Frank!” she waved.
Larry turned around.
“Hi, Larry,” Frank smiled and patted Larry twice on the back.  He frowned at Jill and said, “Hey Jill.”
Jill mumbled hi.  Becky and Larry looked confused a moment and then Larry spoke.
“I hope you saved your appetite.  There’s always so much extra food they have to donate the leftovers.”
“Do you ever donate food from your restaurant?” Jill asked, trying to make conversation.
“Sometimes, at least the stuff that won’t spoil too fast,” Larry said.
Frank filled his plate with side dishes, a hot dog and a hamburger.  Jill tried to avoid eye contact with him.  She still sensed something she didn’t like about him.
“You can have more than fruit and bread, Jill,” Larry said.
“I know, I will when there’s room,” Jill said, waiting for Frank to get out of the way.
After he walked away from the serving area, Jill walked up to the woman serving meat.
“Hi, what’ll you have today?” she asked cheerfully.
“A chicken sandwich and a hot dog,” Jill decided to eat well since it was free.
“Sure thing,” the woman said and enthusiastically served Jill.
Jill smiled and walked over to Becky.
“Have you been coming here every year?” Jill asked Becky.
“Ever since I was a little girl.  Of course, Larry didn’t live here when he was a little boy so he has less memories than me.”
“It must be nice over the water,” Jill stated.
“Oh, it is.”
Frank started talking to Larry about work.  Becky asked Jill if she would redecorate the house and that got Jill started on what she did and didn’t like about the furniture and design.  They finished their plates standing up.
“I’m gonna get more,” Becky said and excused herself.
“Told you,” Larry smiled at Jill.
Frank cast a quick dirty look at Jill and then asked Larry something.
“Do you want to get a spot?  It’s filling up,” Becky asked when she came back with two hot dogs.
“Do you have blankets or chairs?” Jill asked.
“One large blanket and a chair to share.  You guys didn’t bring anything?”
“No,” Jill replied.
Becky and Larry led Jill and Frank to a spot near a tree and about ten yards from the lake.
“I’m gonna get the blanket and chair,” Larry said and walked off.
“I’ll go with you,” Frank followed and scowled at Jill as he passed.
When he was out of hearing distance, Becky asked, “Did you guys have a fight?”
“It’s that obvious?”
“You could cut the tension with a knife,” Becky said.
“Well I’m sure it will work out,” Jill said when she actually wasn’t sure at all.
Larry came back with a blanket and chair.  Frank was carrying a radio.
“Brought some music,” Larry explained as they reached the girls.
Larry spread out the blanket on the grass and opened the chair.
“I get to pick the station!” Becky called and took the radio from Frank.
“A country one, I bet,” Larry said.
“Of course.” Becky said while turning the radio on.  The volume was very loud initially so she turned it down.
While everyone was waiting for it to get dark, Frank made an effort not to talk to Jill.  Though when it was almost dark and Jill said, “I want to live in one place for years so I want to make sure everything’s right,” Frank said, “I thought you wanted to leave yesterday!”
“Let’s not bring this up here,” Jill grinded her teeth.
“Right, cause then Larry and Becky might think you need help, too,” Frank said.
“What?” Larry asked, not wanting a fight to escalate.
“Can I talk to you alone?” Becky whispered to Jill.
“Sure,” Jill said loudly.
“We’re going off to have a talk.  We’ll be back in a bit,” Becky called and led Jill away from the men.
After they were in a spot near the woods and away from other people, Becky asked, “What is up with you two?”
“I don’t know.  Frank’s just been upsetting me lately.”
“Aren’t you going to work through it?” Becky asked.
“Does Frank seem different to you?  Just about his eyes and face, I mean?” Jill asked.
“I just met him the other week so I really couldn’t say.”
“Well I notice something,” Jill said.
“Well tonight when you go home, you should talk about it.  I’d hate to see something happen to you two.”
“I think I’ll be staying in a hotel tonight,” Jill sighed.
“A hotel?  Jill!” Becky exclaimed.
“Well I just have to be by myself for a few days,” Jill replied.
“But spending money just to get away from him?  I’m sorry I don’t have an extra bedroom or a couch that opens up or I’d offer for you to stay with me,” Becky seemed concerned.
“That’s thoughtful, but I’ll be fine,” Jill folded her arms across her chest.
“But you guys can’t break up.  What does that say about me and Larry’s upcoming marriage if you guys can’t make it work?” Becky looked upset.
“We’re not broken up yet,” Jill said.
“Are you considering a divorce?” Becky asked.
Just then the first firework went off.  The noise startled Becky and Jill.  Then Jill thought about Becky’s question.  Divorce hadn’t entered her mind yet, but what if it went that far?  She didn’t know if she was prepared.
“I don’t know.  I really don’t,” Jill finally answered.
“But you should say no way!  Jill, just because you have one little disagreement doesn’t mean you should end an entire relationship,” Becky said.
Jill felt like talking to Becky about the haunting, but didn’t know if she’d believe her.  What if she reacted like Frank?  Then she wouldn’t even have a girl to talk to.
“I know, but just don’t worry about us quite yet,” Jill said.
Two more fireworks went off simultaneously.
“We better get back.  Just promise me you guys won’t break up,” Becky said.
“Okay,” Jill said even though she wasn’t sure she could keep the promise.
They walked back to the tree where Frank and Larry were.
“You two have fun?” Larry asked.
“Yes,” Becky said and put her arm around Larry.  He put his arm around her as well and they leaned against each other to watch the fireworks.
Becky gave a look like Frank and Jill should do the same.  Frank rolled his eyes and Jill took a couple steps further away from Frank.  Larry knew something was wrong and wished he could do something but he stayed quiet.
The fireworks show was impressive and the reflections in the water Jill found really pretty and soothing.  She remembered the Macy’s fireworks in New York.  The previous year Frank and Jill had watched them from a boat in New York harbor.  Things were happier then.
The fireworks lasted about half an hour.  They were better than Jill expected for a middle-class town.  She didn’t think the county had that much money.  When they were over, Becky commented, “They were wonderful as usual.”
“Yeah.  Did you like them Jill?” Larry asked.
“Excellent,” Jill responded.
Frank gave no comment, but got up from where he had been sitting on the blanket.
“I better get going,” he said quickly.
“We’re gonna wait awhile.  Maybe you should too.  There’ll be a big rush to get out of here and only a two lane road,” Larry said.
“I’ll listen to my car radio,” Frank said.  He shook Larry’s hand and said, “Later, man.”
“Take care,” Larry said.
Frank nodded to Becky and then left without acknowledging Jill.  Larry whistled softly.
“Are you gonna hang around, Jill?” Becky asked.
“I parked near the back.  I might be able to get out,” Jill stated.
“Good thinking,” Becky said.
“Nice seeing you guys again, bye,” Jill said and hurried off.  She just wanted to be back at the motel.
“What do you think’s going on?” Larry asked Becky as Jill departed.
“I don’t know.  She won’t say much,” Becky frowned.

Jill returned to the motel and parked near her door.  On her way to her room, a disheveled middle-aged woman approached her.  Her hair was curly and reddish brown.  She was wearing a partially-unbuttoned plaid shirt and old jeans.
“Excuse me, miss?” the woman said.
“Yes?” Jill turned around to face her.
“Sorry to bother you, but do you happen to have change for a dollar?  The damn soda machine won’t take bills,” the woman said.
“I think I do,” Jill said and opened her purse.
The woman watched her search for quarters.
“So are you on vacation all by yourself?” the woman asked.
“No.  I recently moved up here and I can’t stay in my house right now,” Jill explained.
“Oh?  There’s a bug bomb or something?” the woman asked, taking the quarters Jill handed her in exchange for her dollar.
“No, not that.  I had a fight with my husband,” Jill reluctantly said.
“That’s too bad.  Well I’m Alice and I’m in room 115 if you want to stop by and talk.  I’ll be here a few days.  You see my boyfriend is a truck driver and he has to stick around here for a few days, so I decided to come see him.”
“I’m Jill.  So is your boyfriend here with you?” Jill asked.
“No, we won’t be sleeping in the same room until we’re married.  I learned the hard way about how much to give before a commitment,” Alice said.
“Oh, well nice meeting you,” Jill said.
“Same here.  Now that damn machine better accept quarters,” Alice said and walked away.
Jill went into her room and turned on the light.  She felt safer sleeping here than another night in one of the other bedrooms of her house.  Jill wished she had a book or her computer with  her but she didn’t, so she watched TV until she was tired.
Jill thought about Frank.  He didn’t seem the least bit upset she had stayed in a hotel last night.  Would he even care if she didn’t come back at all?  She thought about the coming week.  She wanted to talk to Nina and see if she could get more details about her house.  Maybe someone in the area had an idea how to defeat Ike.  She doubted she would return home until either the ghosts were gone or Frank was nice to her.  For now, she would get a break from stress in the hotel.
She went to bed expecting to have a restful night’s sleep.




Chapter Nineteen




Jill was having a picnic with Frank in the woods.  They had brought sandwiches, fruit, and cake for dessert.  It was a clear day with a cool breeze.  They were seated in an empty clearing.  A bird chirped nearby.
“It’s a great day for doing this,” Frank commented as he took a bite of his sandwich.
Frank seemed like his old self again and Jill felt relieved.
“I know.  Do you like the food?” she asked.
“Yes, it’s great,” Frank said.
Jill was glad he didn’t insult her food like he had for the past week.  She was about to ask something when she heard a menacing growl.  She became paralyzed with fear.  All of a sudden a large tiger pounced into the clearing.  Jill froze on the spot and motioned for Frank to be quiet.
“Stay calm.  Maybe he wants our food,” Frank said softly.
The tiger stared at them and growled.  It licked its lips when Frank picked up a sandwich.  He threw it a distance.  Instead of going after the sandwich, the tiger ran towards Frank.
Jill screamed and jumped up.  Before Frank could move, the tiger was on him and tearing his flesh.
“NO!  STOP!” Jill screamed at the top of her lungs.
The tiger ferociously mauled Frank to death while Jill helplessly watched.  Jill started crying.  She was a widow.  And the next thing she knew she was in the hotel bedroom staring at the wall.  Jill had mixed feelings about the dream.  She realized it was the first recent nightmare that had taken place outside of the house.  Of course, she wasn’t sleeping in the house either but that was another point.
She tried to calm down but a feeling the dream was a warning became strong and pronounced.  She got the sensation Frank was in imminent danger.  She told herself it was probably nothing but the feeling bothered her so much she had to get up.  Even though she didn’t like the way Frank acted ever since he got back down from the attic, she didn’t want him to die or be seriously injured.   She suddenly had the urge to rush back to the house and see if he was alright.
Without much thought she grabbed her purse and keys and rushed out the door, not before throwing on shoes.  The drive back to Chester Street seemed to drag on forever.  She had the weird feeling his death was less than an hour away, unless she could help.  She didn’t know what would attack him, but she wasn’t afraid of confronting it.
Finally, she pulled into her driveway and rushed out of the car.
Hoping she hadn’t already lost him, she screamed “Frank, where are you?” as she entered the house.
Someone mumbled and Jill found Frank half asleep in the living room chair with the TV on and all the lights out.
“What’s going on?” he mumbled.  He had obviously been sleeping.
Jill caught her breath.  Frank turned around and noticed her.
“Jill?” he groaned.  “What are you doing here?”
Jill suddenly felt foolish.  The dream was just a dream and she now thought she got worried over nothing.
“I don’t know.  I just had a dream you were killed and I got so worried I had to come over,” Jill stammered.
“Jill, dreams don’t mean anything.  You should know that,” Frank groaned.
“I was just worried I would lose my husband,” Jill said.
“Well you’re worrying over nothing,” Frank said.  “So are you staying now that you’re here?”
“I don’t know.  Are you sorry?” Jill asked, her feelings of annoyance with him returning.
“Sorry for what?  You’re the one who should be sorry,” Frank said.
Jill felt like kicking herself.  She was so worried over him and he knew it and he was still being rude to her.
“Well if that’s how you feel, I’ll go back to the hotel,” Jill said.
“Then go,” Frank said.
“Don’t you even want to know which hotel I’m staying at?” 
“Do you want me to?”
“I guess.  I’ll write it down,” Jill went in the kitchen to get a pad. 
Frank stayed on the couch with the TV on.  Jill wrote the name of the hotel, her room number, and the hotel’s number on a paper.  She walked in and handed it to Frank.  
“It’s the Pine Tree Inn on Route 80 in case you cared where your wife was,” Jill told him.
“When you run out of money, you’ll be back here or with your parents,” Frank said.
“You know, you’re making me sorry I came all the way over here in the middle of the night,” Jill said and started to leave, hoping he would say something nice.
Frank just replied, “Ssh.  I want to hear the TV.”
Jill growled and stormed out the door.  At that moment, she would say good riddance if something did attack him.  She felt like a fool.  How long would he be like this?  Jill wished she could do something to change things between them back to normal, but she didn’t know where to start.  She drove back to the motel feeling upset.
When Jill got back to her room, she was restless.  She didn’t feel like sleeping.  But she looked at the clock and since it was only two o’clock, she knew if she stayed up all night she wouldn’t be functional at work in the morning.  So she took off her shoes and got in bed.  She tried to calm herself and push her worries aside.  An hour later, she was sleeping.

Jill woke up around nine, feeling well rested despite the recent worry.  She showered and changed quickly and then had breakfast at the diner.  This time she just had cereal which she was glad they had.  Then she went back to the room for a bit.
She decided to call Nina and set up a time to meet.  If Nina was available later that day, she would even go then.
“Yes?” a woman answered when Jill dialed Nina’s number.
“Hello, is this Nina?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” the woman replied.
“I’m Jill Mulberry,” Jill started to say.
“Oh yes.  My good friend Marisol mentioned she met you yesterday.  How are you, dear?” Nina asked.
“Not so well to tell you the truth.”
“Who would be living in a house like yours?”
“Well I’m currently in a motel.  Things got out of hand recently,” Jill explained.
“Sorry to hear that.”
“So can I meet you?  Marisol said you knew a lot about my house.”
“I do know.  I’ve talked with many people who have been there and done research.  I’d be glad to help.  If you want we can meet at the Campfire Lounge.”
“Where is that?” Jill asked.
Nina gave Jill directions.
“So I get off work by four.  Do you want to meet at five?” Jill asked.
“That’s fine.  I’ll be waiting.”
Jill hung up feeling a little better.  If she at least found out exactly what she was dealing with, she would be better prepared to return home.  It was soon time to leave for work, so Jill put on some make-up and left.
When she entered Trendy Miss, a girl other than Candace was behind the register.
“Hi, I’m Lucy.  Are you Jill?” the girl asked.
“Yes.”
“Candace is off today so I’ll be working with you,” Lucy said happily.
Jill shook her hand and got settled behind the register.
“I heard you’re doing a great job with the register so I thought I’d start showing you our selection of clothes.  Customers like it when the salesgirls are informed about the products.”
“Sure,” Jill said agreeably.
“I don’t think we’ll be too busy today so I can be thorough,” Candace said.
She led Jill to the back wall where there were some boots and shoes.  She started explaining the different brands.  Some were very expensive and some were more affordable.  Then Candace moved on to the skirts.  Jill had a vague familiarity with some of the brand names from personal shopping experience.  Though many of the clothes at this store were designed for a hipper crowd than what Jill was used to buying.
A couple customers came in while Lucy was talking and Jill rang them up.  Then Lucy went back to showing Jill the clothes.  After about an hour of talking, Lucy led Jill back to the register.
“I know I’ve told you a lot and I don’t expect you to memorize everything, but now you should have some idea of what we sell.”
Jill nodded.
“Eventually Lindsey wants you working some shifts alone.  Will you be okay with that?” Lucy asked.
Personally Jill liked company on the job, but she said, “I should be fine.  Just not tomorrow.”
“Of course.  It may be in a couple weeks.  Also we always have two people on the weekends and your first weekend will probably be not this one but the next.”
“Sure.”
After that Jill and Lucy asked about each other.  Lucy had been married the month before.  She asked Jill for advice.  Lindsey was there that day but Jill only saw her for a few minutes.  She left feeling happy to be making her own money up here, though she did feel a little overeducated for the job.
Jill left at four and drove straight to the lounge.  She went inside and was impressed.  It looked like a classy establishment, like some VIP lounges she had been to in New York.  Sections of the walls were stone and the rest was dark paneled wood.  There were beautiful, though dimly lit, chandeliers as well as little lamps on all the tables.
She walked to the bar area and sat on a stool.
“Can I get you anything?” a bartender asked.
“A vodka cranberry,” Jill said.  She would only have one drink since she was driving.
The bartender made it quickly and Jill paid for it.  She took a sip and looked around.  She didn’t know what Nina looked like or whether she was twentysomething or fiftysomething.  None of the few other patrons were by themselves so she was sure Nina would find her.
Soft jazz music was playing and Jill listened to it while waiting.  She drank her cocktail slowly.  As she was having a sip, a husky woman’s voice said, “Jill?”
Jill turned around to see a heavy, medium-height woman standing there.  She was wearing a low cut black dress with a matching jacket.
“Yes, are you Nina?”
“Certainly.  Glad you made it,” Nina said and shook Jill’s hand.
“There’s a lot I’d like to talk about,” Jill admitted.
“Well first let me get a drink and then we can go sit someplace quiet,” Nina said.
She ordered some merlot from the bartender.  Then Jill followed her to a secluded leather booth.  The booth was a half circle and Jill sat facing Nina.
“So I was told you moved up here from New York?” Nina started the conversation.
“Yes, I thought we were getting a great deal on a great house.  But it’s turned into a nightmare.”
“I bet.  So what happened that you think has a supernatural explanation?”
“Well the milk was left out twice and spoiled.  Juice was spilled.  There’s a chess set in the back room and one day it looked like someone had been playing though neither me nor my husband had touched it yet.”
“Your ghost sounds like a prankster,” Nina commented.
“Yes.  I’ve also had nightmares, heard music at night, and more.”
“So where do you want me to begin?” Nina asked.
“Well I heard a man named Lars was killed in the house.  I found his body recently and he had a funeral the other day,” Jill started.
“That’s wonderful.  That should make the house a little safer already,” Nina said.
“Yes, but do you know if Michael Trent was also killed in the house?”
“I’m sure of it.  I’ve always been part psychic.  I stayed there when it was the bed and breakfast.  I felt his presence on more than one occasion.”
“Did you meet him when he was alive?”
“No, I was too young.  I’m only fifty-one.  But don’t go sharing my age.  My boyfriend thinks I’m forty-two.”
Jill smiled.  “I won’t tell.”
“Well when it opened as a bed and breakfast, things started out okay.  It actually got a fairly classy crowd.  There were a lot of people traveling through on business or visiting the area.  One woman I made friends with was named Gloria Massering.  She was an historian.  Brilliant woman.”
“Nothing happened to her, did it?” Jill asked.
“No, not to her.  But one night she saw people in the mirror and heard them talking.  She had never seen them before but suffice it to say that was the last time she stayed there.”
“Did most of the people who stayed there experience something?”
“Many.  It got the reputation around town as a haunted inn.  One national magazine almost did a feature story on it but Rosemary and Hector threatened to sue,” Nina explained.
“If they had, we might not have moved there,” Jill sighed.
“Yes, but it’s already been done.  You bought the house,” Nina said.
“I found a lawyer named Henrietta Stone died there.  Was she the only one?” Jill asked.
“I remember meeting her.  She confided in me that she hated her first name and that’s why she had everyone call her Miss Stone.  She was such an elegant woman, it was a shame.  But to your question, there were two other deaths that weren’t publicized.”
“When?”
“One the year before and one two years after.  The year before, someone named Will Stack had died of poisoning.  He drank antifreeze and the bottle downstairs had definitely been used,” Nina said.
“Oh my god,” Jill commented.
“It was reported as a suicide but I don’t believe that.  There were signs it had been forced down his throat and the bottle was back downstairs in the morning.”
Jill let the information sink in.
“After Miss Stone died and it was in the paper, the crowd at the bed and breakfast got worse and worse.  They started getting drug dealers and people making illicit business transactions.  Some of the rooms were used for these deals.  People say the other death was by one of the other guests.”
“How did the person die?”
“Her wrists were slit,” Nina said gravely.
“So it was eventually closed?”
“Yes, business got worse and the shady crowd forced the Thornton’s to close it.  Then it was empty until you bought it.  You are married, right?”
“Yes, for almost a year,” Jill replied.  “So the ghost of Michael killed all three people?”
“I’m positive,” Nina replied.
“One thing, though.  It seems that other occupants went quite a while without anything bad happening.  I’ve haven’t even been there a month with Frank and things are already falling apart,” Jill said.
“Well stick together and be strong.  Evil spirits hate love and happiness.”
“That may be a little hard.  Frank hasn’t been himself lately.  I hope he’s not possessed,” Jill said.
“I think that’s what happened to a man in the seventies.  Chester Hopfield.  Do you know the story?”
“I just found out Sunday,” Jill answered.
“Well he bought the house because it was available on a street with his name.  You know, Chester Street.  But eventually the ghosts of the house put hostility between him and his wife and drove him to kill.”
“I think that’s what happening with me and Frank.  We can’t stop fighting lately,” Jill said.
“What are you fighting about?”
“Well he won’t believe me that there might be ghosts.  He thinks I’m going crazy, also because I’m having too many nightmares.”
“That’s what Michael wants.  For you two to be driven apart.  Then, I’m sorry to say you might be in danger,” Nina said.
“But how do I make Frank love me again?”
“There has to be some special memory or something that can snap him out of whatever he’s under.  Try to think,” Nina said.
Jill was silent a few moments.
“I don’t know the two of you so I can’t help you there.  Just try not to stay mad at him even if he does make you mad,” Nina said.
“So Marisol mentioned this spell to take away a ghost’s powers?”
“Yes, I taught her that.”
“But how do I get rid of him?  If I’m going to live there, I need to be safe and happy,” Jill said.
“I’ve talked to a lot of people.  I know one thing he hates is white roses.  He has a horrible childhood memory concerning them and won’t go near them.”
“What’s the memory?”
“He found his dog dead in a rose garden,” Nina said.
“Anything else?” Jill wrote the info down on her napkin.
“He hates to be wet.  If you happen to see his ghostly form, throw water at it.  It’ll put him in terrible pain,” Nina said.
“Why hasn’t someone done this already?” Jill asked.
“Few people know and I didn’t find out till the place was almost closed.  One time he did have a whole bucket of water thrown at him.  There wasn’t a sign of him for a month.”
“But that’s only a month.  I want him in hell for good,” Jill said.
“He will be in time.  But it’s tricky.  I actually can’t tell you how to put a stop to him once and for all.  You might have to trick him into telling you,” Nina said.
“Are there other ghosts in my house?” Jill asked.
“I’m sure, but Michael’s the only one you have to be worried about.  Did you hear about the men in the sixties?”
“Yes,” Jill answered.
“Supposedly some of them are still there.  I never knew how, but to think of it, if you were to find them and help them get to heaven, Michael would be weaker.  His strength comes from terrorizing people.”
“Was he that evil in life?”
“As I said, I didn’t know him.  But I heard people say in his final years he experimented with the occult and black magic.”
“I hope I can face him,” Jill said.
“Two people are stronger than one, if you get my drift,” Nina said.
“I do, but that gives me another job to do before I defeat that ghost,” Jill said.
“I understand.  I hope it works out.”
“Is there anything else I can use against Michael?”
“I’ve told you what I know.  If you want, I can give you the name of his younger brother,” Nina said.
“Is he as bad as Michael?” Jill asked, not sure how to feel.
“No.  They’re nothing alike,” Nina said.
“Then I’ll take it.  I can’t hide in a hotel forever,” Jill said.
Nina wrote down the name George Trent and a number.  She pushed it towards Jill and Jill took it.
“Can I ask you how you know so much?” Jill asked.
“My cousin was one of the men to disappear,” Nina said.  “I’ve made it my business ever since.”
“Can I know his name?”
“Sure.  It was Lance.  Sometimes I dream about him, you know,” Nina said ruefully.
“Good dreams?”
“Mostly.  He’s usually as young as he was the last time I saw him.  I feel bad for those men, despite what they were doing at the house,” Nina said.
“Well thanks for your time.  Unless there’s anything else you have to say, I should get going,” Jill said.
“I told you the most important things.  Can you promise to call me if you do defeat Michael?” Nina asked.
“I promise,” Jill said and got out of the booth.
“I’ll stay and have another drink.  You can go,” Nina said, not moving from her seat.
“Bye,” Jill said and left the lounge.
She was going to have to plan a strategy.  First she would have to get Frank to help her.  After she found out more from Michael’s brother, she could try to confront him.  After getting in her car, Jill had the impulse to drive by her house.  She didn’t feel like going back in yet, but she just wanted to see it again.
She got there quickly and slowly drove past without pulling in the driveway.  Samantha’s car was in the driveway.  Frank wasn’t home yet.  She felt frustrated over both issues.  A nervous feeling swept over as she stared at her house so she didn’t stick around.  She almost thought she felt someone stare back at her.
She arrived back at the hotel and turned on the TV.  The room was paid for up until Sunday but she didn’t know what she would do after that.  She didn’t want to spend everything she made at the store on a room.  She almost debated going home to her parents for a while.  But she didn’t want to leave Frank alone in the house, in case the ghost got angry and Frank didn’t know how to defend himself.
As Jill watched TV for the next hour, she began to think about Samantha.  It was now almost a week since she was missing.  She didn’t know if the police contacted Samantha parents, but she decided to call them Thursday when it will have been a week since her disappearance.  She felt nervous at the thought.  She didn’t want to believe she was dead or kidnapped and being held prisoner somewhere.  Samantha definitely wouldn’t be gone this long voluntarily without telling anyone where she went.
Just then the phone rang and Jill got a feeling it was Samantha.  She was surprised to hear her mother say hello.
“Hello, Jill.  It’s your mother,” Mrs. Brody said sternly.
“Hi,” Jill said sheepishly.  How did she find her here?
“I called your house and Frank said you were here.  Jill honey, what’s going on?”
“Nothing.  I just needed a few days by myself,” Jill said, not wanting to worry her mother.
“Jill, I can tell when you’re lying,” Mrs. Brody sounded sympathetic and annoyed at the same time.
“Alright, we had a fight,” Jill said.
“One little fight and you’re ready to move out?  Jill, marriage isn’t a pleasure every single day but you stick with it,” Mrs. Brody said.
“It’s not one fight.  Things have been getting worse over the past couple weeks,” Jill admitted.
“You’re not thinking of a divorce, are you?” Mrs. Brody asked.
“I don’t want to, but I also need to be away from him right now,” Jill said.
“How much is this hotel costing you?” her mother asked.
“About a hundred a week.”
“Well that’s cheap so at least you won’t be broke anytime soon.  Jill, you do know you could stay with us if you needed to?”
“Yes, but it’s already paid until Sunday.  Then maybe I will if I can’t go back home,” Jill said.
“What do you mean can’t?  Frank didn’t throw you out, did he?”
“No.  I left.”
“I remember when he proposed to you.  You were so elated for weeks.  If I were you Jill, I wouldn’t throw away a marriage because of one bad week.  Divorce is rather permanent.  And your father and I have stayed together for forty years.  Don’t you think there were a few days I felt like leaving?  But I didn’t,” Jill’s mother started to lecture.
“Mom, things would have to get worse before I get a divorce.  I’ll take care of it, okay.  I just need some time,” Jill said.
“Alright.  Well I’ll call you in a couple days and I hope you’ll be back home.  Is everything else okay?  You do like that house you bought, don’t you?”
“It’s lovely,” Jill lied.  Her parents were used to socializing with creative people, but Jill didn’t know how they would react if she told them her house was haunted.
“I’m sure.  Well take care,” her mother said.
“Bye,” Jill said and hung up.
Jill felt a little guilty after talking to her mother.  But things had gotten so bad at the house recently, she couldn’t imagine not leaving under the circumstances. 
Jill started getting hungry so she walked to the restaurant.  She had a chicken sandwich and rice.  She knew she had to talk to Frank again soon, but she didn’t know when or what she would say.  As she was walking back to her room, she saw Alice getting out of a jeep.
“Bye!” Alice waved to a man inside the jeep.  
The jeep drove past Jill and then Alice noticed Jill standing there.
“Hi again!” she called.
“Hi.” 
“That was my boyfriend.  Too bad you couldn’t meet him,” Alice said.
“Some other day then,” Jill said.
“Did you get back together with your husband?” Alice asked.
“No, not yet.”
“Well if you need someone to talk to, my offer is still good.  Did I tell you I used to be married?” 
“No, you didn’t,” Jill said.
“Well I was for a few years.  Why don’t you come by later?  I just have to eat something first.  I’m starved and it looks like you just finished eating.”
“Okay.  You’re in room 115?” Jill checked.
“Yup.  Give me about an hour and a half,” Alice said.
Jill nodded and went into her room.  She watched TV for an hour and a half.  Then she got up to go to Alice’s room.  She didn’t know why she was all of a sudden so willing to talk to so many strangers.  She had been more defensive in New York City.  Then she guessed the reason was that after all the scares she had, she needed some understanding company.  Alice seemed normal and trustworthy to her, but she still had a suspicion in the back of her mind as she knocked on the door.
“Hi,” Alice opened the door.  “Come on in.”
“Take a seat,” Alice pointed to the small table that all the rooms had.
Jill sat.
“I have a few cans of soda.  I finally got the machine to work.  Do you want one?” Alice asked.
“No thanks,” Jill replied.
Alice sat at the table next to her.
“So how long have you been married?”
“About a year,” Jill replied.
“That’s not long at all.  What’s his name?”
“Frank,” Jill replied.
“Did you know him a while before you got married?” Alice asked.
“About a year and a half.”
“That’s good.  So you don’t have to tell me what the fight was about if you don’t want to, but let me tell you about myself.  Um, I just turned forty.  I work as a waitress at a diner in eastern Connecticut.  I got married when I was twenty-two.  My husband’s name was Jack.  I thought things were wonderful.  We had met at a county fair.  Well about two years after we got married, I took ill and needed some surgery.  I couldn’t fulfill his needs for several months, if you know what I mean.  So he left me,” Alice said grimly.
“That’s awful,” Jill said.
“Do you think Frank would do that to you?” Alice asked.
“No.  Our relationship isn’t based solely on sex.  We’ve only been doing it about once a week or even less sometimes,” Jill didn’t know why she was being so detailed with someone she just met.
“So he’s a nice guy?  Thinks with his brain?”
Jill smiled.  “Well yeah, but lately I think something’s either bothering him or he’s under some kind of spell.  I just seem to annoy him whatever I do.”
“Has he beaten you?”
“No.  I hope it’s just a short-term phase.  I still care about him,” Jill said.
“Sounds like you’ve got a good thing going.  Some men just sulk when they have a problem and won’t talk about it, especially to a woman.  I wouldn’t worry.”
“Yeah, but I can’t stay in a hotel forever.”
“Do you have someone you can stay with?” Alice asked.
“My parents in Manhattan.”
“Well I wouldn’t go so far away just yet.  You know I’ve been with men who only wanted me for one thing.  Before his recent mood, did he enjoy doing platonic things with you?” Alice asked.
“Yes, we had fun.  And we had little arguments, but it was in more of a joking manner.  Now it’s like he’s really mad.”
“Well pray that it works out.  You just have to give men a little time and some space sometimes,” Alice said.
“Yeah,” Jill agreed.
“Hey, do you want to order a movie?” Alice suddenly change the topic.
“Maybe.  What do they have?”
“I don’t know, but I know there’s a good selection.  I’ll get the brochure,” Alice said.
Alice rifled through the dresser and found the movie listings.  They could be ordered and played at any time.  Jill and Alice decided on a black and white romance.  Jill changed her mind about the soda and did have one.  Alice sat on the bed to watch the movie and Jill stayed at the desk.
Jill enjoyed the movie, but it made her a little sad.  The couple was so happy in it.
When the credits were running, Jill asked, “How are things with your current boyfriend?”
“Good.  And I told him, no getting physical until we’re exclusive.  I don’t want him running off to some hussy the nights he’s not seeing me,” Alice said frankly.
Alice’s candor amused Jill.  But she didn’t want to stay up all night talking since she had to work the next morning.  So she excused herself and went back to her room.
Jill half expected Frank to call and ask her to come back home.  But he didn’t.  Before Jill went to bed, she read some more of her ghost book.  The book had more alleged real life stories than information, but she still found it interesting.  She began to get tired, so she shut out the light and went to sleep.




Chapter Twenty




Jill was dreaming about a beach when the phone ringing loudly startled her awake.  She rubbed her eyes and looked at the clock.  It was just after three in the morning.  Wondering who it could be at this hour, she answered it.
“Is this Jill Mulberry?” a tough sounding woman asked.
“Yes.” 
“This is the Maple County Police.  Are you acquainted with Samantha Wells?” the woman asked.
Jill got a sinking feeling the woman would tell her Samantha was found dead.
“Yes.  She’s my friend and was visiting me,” Jill said.
“Well she was just picked up wandering the streets,” the woman said.
Jill’s spirits lifted hearing that she was okay.
“Thank God she’s alright,” Jill said.
“But she was disoriented and dirty.  She’s been taken to Maple Memorial Hospital for observation and treatment,” the woman said.
“Can I see her?” Jill asked.
“Yes, in the morning.  And can you bring some way to ID her?  She had no identification on her.  We’re going by what she told us,” the woman said.
“Sure,” Jill said, wondering what could have happened that Samantha would be so far from the house without ID.  She hoped it was still in her bedroom.
“Alright, I’ll let you get back to sleep,” the woman said.
“Thank you,” Jill said and hung up the phone.
It was like a weight had been lifted.  Samantha’s disappearance had troubled her and worried her at the back of her mind for days.  Now at least she knew she was alive.  Jill assumed she must have been kidnapped and then ditched on some road.  She couldn’t wait until the morning to see her and talk to her.
She was so anxious she almost couldn’t get back to sleep.  But the news had also calmed her and she did fall asleep about an hour later.

Jill woke up early.  Besides seeing Samantha, she wanted to call Michael’s brother and ask to meet.  If she could find out any secrets or personal information, she could use it against the ghost.  Then with what Nina and Marisol had told her, she might stand a chance.
She called George.  He seemed surprised anyone wanted to talk about his brother and was willing to meet later that day.  He gave her directions to a golf course where he would be that day.  He said he would be available after four which worked out well for Jill’s work schedule.
Then Jill left to see Samantha before work.  She remembered she had to get Samantha’s ID from the house and she reluctantly drove over.  She arrived about eight.  Frank was still home.
“What are you doing here?” he asked as she walked in.
“Did you hear?  They found Samantha!” Jill exclaimed.
“I know.  The police called here and I told them to tell you.”
“Well aren’t you glad?  Do you want to go see her?”
“I’d love to hear her explanation of where she was,” Frank said.  “But I have to work soon.”
“I’m sure Larry would understand.”
“I’ll go later,” Frank said.
“Fine.  I have to check her room for something,” Jill said and went upstairs.
Jill hadn’t bothered anything in Samantha’s room and she was glad to see Frank hadn’t either.  She quickly found Samantha’s wallet on the dresser.  She also saw the photo album she had yet to look inside of.  Just as she was about to touch it, Frank came in the room.
“I decided I better go with you.  She’s your friend, not mine.  I don’t want to see her by myself,” Frank said.
“Fine,” Jill said and grabbed the wallet.
“So are we taking separate cars?” Frank asked.
“We have to be at separate jobs so I think we should,” Jill stated.
She left the house quickly and Frank followed close behind.  She arrived at the hospital and parked in a large deck.
Jill and Frank entered the lobby to see a commotion.  Someone who had just been in a car accident was being wheeled by on a stretcher.
“Oh my god,” Jill said.
“Relax.  It’s just blood,” Frank said impatiently.
Jill approached the receptionist and said, “I’m here to see Samantha Wells.”
“One moment,” the receptionist said, while looking on her computer.  Then she said, “Fourth floor.  The elevators are to the left.”
“Thank you,” Jill said and hurried to the elevators.
It seemed to take forever for the doors to open.  Several people got off when the elevator arrived but Jill and Frank were the only ones to get on.  They reached the fourth floor and Jill rushed to the desk.
“Hi, I’m here to see Samantha Wells,” Jill said anxiously.
“Oh yes.  She was brought in in the middle of the night.  Are you Jill?” the nurse said in a businesslike tone.
“Yes.  I have her ID too,” Jill said and handed her the wallet.
The nurse looked at Samantha’s license and seemed satisfied.  
“Right this way.  She’s in room 422,” the nurse said.
“How is she?” Jill asked as they were walking.
“Stable,” the nurse asked.
“What happened to her?  She was missing for days,” Jill asked.
“We think she was picked up by a gang, drugged, and abused.  She’s delirious so be careful,” the nurse said as she stopped by door 422.
“Do the police know who the gang is?” Jill asked.
“The police are questioning one group if they can find them.  A couple years back, they picked up a teenage girl, held her hostage, raped her for days, and when they got tired of her, they stranded her on some country road.  We think this is a similar case,” the nurse said.
“Poor Samantha,” Jill said as the nurse opened the door.
“I know.  Samantha was found on a deserted farm road in her nightgown.  Her story doesn’t involve the gang, but I’ll let you talk to her,” the nurse said and brought Jill to Samantha.
Jill was shocked when she saw Samantha’s appearance.  She looked paler than she ever had.  There were dark circles under her eyes.  She looked like she aged several years and had been through a severe trauma.  When Samantha saw Jill, she looked relieved.
“Jill,” Samantha exclaimed.
Jill hugged Samantha quickly.  “I was so worried,” she said.
“I’ll leave you alone,” the nurse said and left the room.  Frank was standing silently nearby.
“I’m sorry for worrying you,” Samantha said.  
“I’ll bet,” Frank muttered.
Jill glared at him and then returned her attention to Samantha.
“So where were you?” Jill asked.
“Promise you won’t tell the nurses?  I started to tell them and they looked at me like I was crazy.  They’ll probably put me in the psych ward if they hear where I was,” Samantha said.
Jill thought it a little odd, but said, “Sure.”
“Well, I heard noises in the middle of the night again.  And I got up to look around.  I heard something coming from that room at the end of the hall,” Samantha said.
“The empty room?”
“The other end of the hall.  The room that’s all white.  I went in and nothing was there.  But then I noticed the full length mirror looked strange.  I went closer and I couldn’t see my reflection.  So I touched it and then the next thing I knew I was pulled right through!”
“Oh brother!” Frank snorted and left the room.
Jill hoped he caught her nasty look as he left.  Then she said, “Don’t worry about him.  Go on.”
“Well I was still in the house.  Only everything was different.  It’s like I was back in time or in another dimension.  And then I saw these people,” Samantha continued.
Jill believed her.  She felt partly responsible for letting her visit despite what had been happening.  But she wanted to hear the full story so she let Samantha continue.
“They were women.  They were prostitutes.  They asked who I was and we talked and they let me stay.  I thought I was dreaming but I never woke up.  There was this horrible man who was their pimp.  I was there a couple hours and then they disappeared.  But I wasn’t back in bed.  I was right where I was when they disappeared.  And then I saw a ghost!  He looked like a monster.  His face was distorted,” Samantha looked about to cry.
Jill knew Samantha had met Ike.  She was intrigued.
“He abused me and I think he raped me if it’s possible to be raped by something that doesn’t exist.  I was so scared.  I couldn’t wake up.  I tried to get back to normal reality for the longest time.  That ghost would come and go.  And I saw other people who weren’t prostitutes,” Samantha said.
She continued “The other people didn’t want to hurt me.  Only that ghost.  The prostitutes called him Ike.  And this one prostitute named Jasmine.  I think she was the devil’s concubine or something.  Oh Jill, I’m just so glad it’s over.”
“It’s okay,” Jill said and hugged her.
“Was I in a coma?” Samantha asked.
“No.  Your room was empty.  I didn’t see you since last Wednesday night,” Jill said.
“Then I don’t understand it.  Do you think I’m crazy?” Samantha asked.
“No.  Some things have been happening to me too.  I had a dream where I was a prostitute in the sixties.  I saw the girls you mentioned,” Jill said.
“So your house is haunted?” Samantha wiped sweat off her forehead with her forearm.  “Wow.  This is outrageous.”
“I should have never let you come up here,” Jill said.
“I don’t blame you,” Samantha said.
“How long are they going to keep you here?” Jill asked.
“I’m ready to leave now.  But they said I should be let go in about a week.  They want to run a few more tests and make sure I’m okay.  Sorry Jill, but I don’t want to spend another night in your house.  I’ll go straight home.”
“I understand.  Have you talked to your parents?”
“Not yet,” Samantha sighed.  “They think I’m having a vacation up here.  Did you tell them I was gone?”
“I didn’t want to scare them prematurely,” Jill said.
“That’s okay,” Jill said.
The nurse stepped in and said, “The doctor wants to see her now.  Can you finish up?”
“Two minutes!” Samantha ordered weakly.
The nurse nodded and left them alone again.
“I’ll be back tomorrow or after work today,” Jill said and got up.
“And Jill?” Samantha called as Jill was leaving.
Jill turned around.  “Yes?”
“I saw you.  And Frank,” Samantha said.
“When?” Jill asked, intrigued.
“It was Friday morning.  You were at the breakfast table.  You were saying how you used to feel like you still loved each other even though you had fights and you didn’t lately,” Samantha said.
Jill felt like a tidal wave hit her.  Samantha had been there and they couldn’t see her?
“I guess you couldn’t see me,” Samantha continued.  “I tried to give you a sign.  I knocked the empty box of sausages off the counter.  You know, before that every time I tried to pick up something, my hand would just go right through it.  But I concentrated really hard and I was able to touch the box!”
Jill was speechless.  She stood there fumbling for a response.  The nurse came back in and motioned for Jill to leave.
“Just so you don’t think I’m crazy,” Samantha said as Jill left.
Jill stood in the hall stunned.  There was no way Samantha would have known that unless she was telling the truth.  Jill felt bad for her.  Frank was sitting in a chair by the nurses station.  Jill walked over to him.
“Did she tell you her drug induced story?” Frank asked.
“I don’t think she’s taken drugs,” Jill snapped.
Frank was about to say something but stopped himself.
“Miss?” a different nurse called.
“Yes?”
“You say Miss Wells was staying with you?”
“That’s right,” Jill said.
“Well can you bring some of her clothes for when she leaves?  She didn’t have anything but her nightgown on her.  It doesn’t have to be today since she’ll be here for a few days but she needs something to go home in,” the nurse said.
“Sure,” Jill replied.
Frank stood up and Jill followed.
“Do you want to get breakfast here?” Jill asked.
“Hospital food sucks.”
Jill stayed silent and walked.
“I don’t know Jill,” Frank said as they neared the elevator.  “She was found wandering down some country road in her pajamas in the middle of the night.  What does that say about your taste in friends?”
Jill became furious.  “Excuse me?  Why don’t you go the fuck home?  She’s been through a lot just now and that’s all you can say!”
“Alright, I will!” Frank countered and stormed off ahead of her.
Some nurses were eyeing their fight.  Jill smiled uneasily and walked down the hall in the direction opposite Frank went.  She wanted to find the cafeteria.  There had to be another elevator.  She asked someone walking by and they said the cafeteria was on the second floor.  They told her how to get to another set of elevators.
Jill thanked the man and hurried off to have breakfast.  She checked her watch.  It was just after nine.  As long as she left by ten, she could make it to work in plenty of time.  The cafeteria was on the grungy side but Jill ate there anyway.  She got her food and found a table by the window.
The day had started out sunny but now dark clouds were coming in.  Rain was coming soon.  Jill thought about recent events as she ate.  Jill knew Samantha wouldn’t make up a story like the one she told.  She would have asked more questions if the nurse hadn’t interrupted.  Jill still had no idea how Samantha had gotten to a deserted road miles away if she was trapped in another dimension in the house.
Samantha had also dreamt of the seven prostitutes.  Jill met Marilu and Naomi in person, but Jill wondered if they knew about Samantha.  Naomi said she had experienced Jill’s dream from her own point of view.  What about Marilu?  They couldn’t be in two places at once so Jill didn’t know what to think.  Jill decided to see Marilu again that night after talking with George.
Jill left the hospital and went to work with too much on her mind.  Candace was back on Jill’s shift.  She still seemed different than she had when they first met.  But a job was a job.  Jill didn’t care if she wasn’t friends with her co-workers.  Anyway, on some previous jobs there had been much more tension between her and another employee.
The day at work moved slowly.  Candace noticed Jill seemed distracted but didn’t say anything.  When Jill left work, it was just starting to drizzle.  The rain had held out until then.  She drove over to the golf course.  It was huge and beautifully landscaped.  It reminded her of a country club upstate her father had taken her to once.
Jill found the lounge and looked around.  An old man waved to her.
‘That must be him’ Jill said to herself and approached.
“You must be Jill,” he said.
“Yes, and I take it you’re George?”
“In the flesh,” the man smiled.  He pointed to a chair near him, “So sit down and relax.  I’m surprised to have anyone still asking about my brother but I’d be happy to talk.”
“Well I’m just interested in knowing about his life, maybe his childhood.  You do know what he was doing right before he disappeared?”
“Yes, stealing money.  He even took it from those poor construction workers’ retirement  plans,” George said solemnly.
“You had no part in that?” Jill wanted to make sure.
“Oh no.  I was a senior in college at the time he disappeared.  It made me upset right before graduation.”
“Did you know previously that he was stealing?”
“I suspected him of something.  And once a couple years before he made a joke about it to me in private.  I didn’t take it seriously at the time.”
“Someone told me he got into black magic and the occult before his disappearance.”
“Yes, I found books in his house about the dark arts.  But I’ve never witnessed him practice.  Say, you’re awful young.  Why are you so interested in all this?”
“Well I moved into a house he built.  It became a brothel and later on the Chester Street Bed and Breakfast,” Jill said.
“Oh, I don’t know whether to congratulate you or not,” George said.
“Well I heard Michael killed a man named Lars who threatened to turn him in.  He buried the body in the basement of my house.  And then Michael was killed.  I’d like your help stopping his ghost,” Jill said.
“Oh, I was hoping you wouldn’t find out,” George looked sad.
“I already have clues what to do.  But I just wondered if you had any stories from his childhood.  Something that would get his attention if I said them,” Jill said.
“You’re awfully brave.  Football players were scared to cross Michael in his later years,” George said.
“Well hopefully I’ll get my husband to help.”
“Well you are better off if there’s two of you.  Let me think now.  I remember once in sixth grade he had a crush on a girl named Staci Wessenheim.  I was extremely young at the time since he is nine years older than me.  But I remember hearing about it later.  He bought her a box of chocolates with his allowance and was going to ask her out.  When he did, she laughed and told all her friends.  The entire school heard and made fun of him.  You know how kids that age can be, especially back in my day.  They weren’t mature enough to handle emotions like love.”
“Michael was in love?” Jill was surprised to hear it.
“Yes at that age.  I don’t know if that incident was bad enough to ruin all future relationships but when he became an adult, I don’t think he loved anyone.  He just used women but didn’t love them.”
“Were you two close?” Jill asked.
“Not as much as I would have liked.”
“Anything else that would bring back memories for him?” Jill asked.
“Well once he had to give a speech in high school.  Just as he started to speak he had to run to the bathroom.  It was something he ate that made him sick.  He was embarrassed about that and put up with the usual ridicule,” George said.
“You don’t think a couple embarrassing incidents turned him evil, do you?  From what I hear, he’s torturing people even now,” Jill said.
“Yes, I know.  Even in death, he’s alive and takes pleasure in others suffering.  Well I’ll tell you, there were some strange things about him as a child.  He would cut the heads and limbs off of dolls.  Once he did it to dolls belonging to a girl in the neighborhood.  The girl cried hysterically.  My parents grounded him for two months.”
“Do you remember the girl’s name?”
“Let me recall,” George looked thoughtful.  “Oh yes.  Emily Stanford.”
“Did he have any physical weaknesses?” Jill tried another angle.
“As a matter of fact, yes.  He fell off the roof once.  His left ankle gave him trouble for years.  Sometimes, just as he was walking, the pain would be so bad he would have to take a break for a few minutes,” George said.
Jill wondered if his left ankle would still be a problem as a ghost.  She made a mental note to remember that fact along with the others.  
Just then a loud clap of thunder sounded and the rain started coming down in torrents.
“Glad I got in a game before it started pouring,” George said, looking out the window.
“Who did you play with?” Jill asked.
“A friend I’ve had since my twenties,” George said.  Then his face looked serious, “Have you seen his ghost?”
“I’m not sure,” Jill said remembering the dream about the tunnel in the basement.  People said Ike was deformed but the man she saw looked normal.
“Well I hope you don’t.  I heard all the rumors that he was haunting that house.  Of course the official record on paper is that he disappeared.  It’s not even proven that he stole any money.  Some say he left the country to start a new identity.  But I know he’s still in town, at least in spirit form.  I’ve never dared go to the house, even when it was open as a bed and breakfast.  I just wanted to forget about him.  Our parents were devout Catholics.  They were so disappointed when they heard he was stealing.”
“Did Michael go to church?” Jill asked.
“When he was little.  One day when he was eight, he said ‘F you’ to our priest.  He was pretty much excommunicated at that point,” George said.
“Did you still go?” Jill asked.
“Yes, and I still do.  I’ve never gotten into what he was into.  I graduated college and worked my way up to an office manager, which I did until I retired.”
“Did he do anything else besides steal money?” Jill asked.
“There was something about him.  Like he hated human beings.  I mean their soul or life force.  He brought one secretary at his company to tears.  She later quit,” George said.
Jill looked thoughtful.  She didn’t know how much longer she should talk with George.  She had a few childhood stories to mention.  After a few moments thought, she decided to go.  When she made up with Frank, she would go back home and try the things she already knew.  If that didn’t work she would get more help.
“Be careful.  I wouldn’t want anything to happen to you,” were George’s words of warning as they departed company.
“I will,” Jill said and left the golf course.
She ran to her car since it was still pouring rain.  She got in and thought about what to do next.  She still wanted to talk to Marilu again.  So she drove over to the retirement home.  An old lady she didn’t recognize from the time before smiled at her as she entered the building.  Jill forced a smile back.
“I’m here to see Marilu,” Jill told the receptionist.
“She should be in her room.  Room 313,” the receptionist said.
Jill found the room and knocked.  Marilu opened it looking like she had been sleeping.  At first she didn’t recognize Jill but then before Jill said anything she said, “Jill!  Nice to see you again.”
“Nice to see you,” Jill said.
“Come in,” Marilu backed up for Jill to enter.  
Marilu closed the door and then said, “So what brings you here again?”
“I just have some questions.”
“Go ahead.”
“Well I dreamt about you when you were young.  It was about two weeks ago.  I was wondering if you had a similar dream with me?”
“No, I just met you on Saturday,” Marilu said.
Then Jill remembered she looked like someone named Veronica Davenport in her dream.  So she said, “Did you dream about Veronica?  And Veronica got locked in the prison room for refusing to have sex with one of the men.”
“No, I don’t remember if I did.”
Jill was disappointed.  But she pursued, “Did you dream about someone named Samantha Wells?”
“Wait a minute.  Just the other night, there was a Samantha in my dream.  She was about your age,” Marilu said.
“Was she at my house?”
“No.  I was talking to her at the mall.  She was saying she was so scared and then Ike appeared across the way.  Then I woke up.  Why are you asking?”
“Well Naomi said she gave me that dream where I was in the brothel in the sixties.  I was wondering if you experienced it too,” Jill said.
“Actually, I think I know what happened,” Marilu said.  “You see there are two selves to all of us.  One of them is our real physical self that breathes and talks and eats.  The other is in the image of us, but it’s like our soul if you will.  Usually the two coincide.  But I’ve felt an emptiness ever since the sixties.  I think an impression of me, or my other self, was left in the house.  The same goes for the other girls.”
“Really?  So are you able to know what she’s doing?” Jill asked.
“Not really.  You say I was young in your dream.  That’s probably how my other half still looks.  I’ve barely told anyone this, but I feel we need to be reunited before I die.  Or else my afterlife won’t be pretty,” Marilu said.
“How?” Jill asked.
“If I could tell you, I would have done it already,” Marilu said.
“What should I do?” Jill asked desperately.
“Send Ike to hell.  Then I think other things would fall into place,” Marilu said.
“Can I ask how you guys lived with Ike for so long?” 
“We never really sensed that he wanted to kill us.  And we drew in many men over the years.  Hundreds.  I’m glad Ike didn’t take more than fifteen.  And you know, he just played pranks on us sometimes.  Like turning off lights or moving objects in our rooms.”
“Were you scared?” Jill asked.
“At first but it wore off.  He became more like a mischievous old man we had to put up with.  I’m not saying he’s not evil.  What he did and could still be doing to those men is beyond reproach.  But it was weird.  We knew what was happening.  Though none of us could go to the police.  Not only because they would think we were nuts talking about some phantom stealing souls but the brothel was supposed to be a secret.  I took it as what I had to live with as a consequence of being a prostitute.”
“Did you have any times where you felt like you had the upper hand?” Jill asked.
“Well we tried to bring both an exorcist and a priest in to do something.  They couldn’t help us,” Marilu said.
“Then what chance do I stand?”
“If you want my advice.  Live with him for a while.  Try not to let him upset you or your husband.  Maybe eventually you’ll find out something that could get rid of him.”
Jill thought of something that had been bothering her.  “Do you think Jasmine is in the house too?  It thought I saw her and dreamt about her twice.”
“Really?” Marilu seemed surprised.  “I didn’t think she’d give him that much to be his partner in the afterlife.”
“But she gave him most of the men, didn’t she?”
“Yes, right after they finished having sex, usually, Ike would take them.  Towards the end and as the pace started picking up, I kind of felt that she enjoyed it.  We almost became scared of her.  We were actually relieved when the place was shut down after Mister Moore’s disappearance.”
“Was Mister Moore the political figure?”
“Yes, Allen Moore.  He was a district representative,” Marilu said.
“Did Jasmine have the first room on the right when you make a right at the top of the stairs?” Jill knew the answer but waited for Marilu to say it.
“Yes, how did you know?”
“I saw her in the mirror, or hallucinated that I saw her in the mirror,” Jill said and thought of something else to ask.  “Did she happen to have a personal photo album?”
“Yes!  She never would show us what the pictures were but we sensed it was something important to her.  Don’t tell me it’s still there!”
“Well I found a photo album, though whether or not it’s hers I don’t know.  It’s funny, but every time I try to open it, I get interrupted or startled somehow.”
“Maybe someone or something doesn’t want you to see it,” Marilu said.
“Yeah.”
“You still haven’t seen the inside at all?”
“No,” Jill replied.
Marilu looked thoughtful.  “Maybe you should open it away from the house.  There the spirits wouldn’t have power over you.”
“Not a bad idea.  I’m really curious, especially now,” Jill thought she would take Marilu’s suggestion.
Marilu looked at the clock.  “Well it’s almost time for our snack and game.  You wouldn’t want to stay for that, would you?”
“No, I better be going.  Thanks for talking again,” Jill said.
“My pleasure.”
Marilu led Jill out of her room.  They walked together for a few moments and then Marilu went down one hall and Jill went towards the stairs.
It was pouring rain and now getting dark as Jill left the retirement home.  On the drive back to the motel, it was hard to see and Jill almost had to pull over.  Jill heard on the radio some streets were flooded.  When she arrived at the hotel, it was completely dark and still pouring.  She ran under the overhanging roof as fast as she could.  She fumbled with her key and went inside her room.
She had an interesting day.  She felt like she accomplished a lot.  She saw Samantha and discovered details about Michael’s past.  She was almost ready to go back home and confront Ike, but she still wanted Frank to apologize.  When she thought about what he said at the hospital, she became angry.  He had the nerve to turn Samantha’s recent trauma into an insult to Jill.  
She still had to ask Samantha some more questions.  She decided to stop by the house in the morning, get the album and Samantha’s clothes, and then go to the hospital before work.  She would open the album somewhere in private that day.
Jill turned on the TV and was about to get comfortable watching something when the phone rang.
“Hello?” Jill picked up the receiver.
“Hey, it’s Becky,” Becky said.
Another person got her number, Jill thought  “How are you?” she asked.
“Good.  I wanted to let you know that Larry’s closing the restaurant to the public tomorrow evening.  He’s having a private party if you will.  We’d love for you to come.  You can meet some of the other people we know.”
“I guess,” Jill said.
“Frank will just stay on after work, I guess.  Unless you want him to pick you up.”
“No, I’ll take my own car,” Jill said defensively.
“Okay, so can you be there between five and six?”
“Sure,” Jill said.
“See you tomorrow,” Becky said and hung up.
Jill would be glad to meet people in the area though she hoped Frank wouldn’t embarrass her.  After watching a TV movie, Jill finished her book on ghosts.  One interesting thing it brought up was that ghosts don’t always see the living.  Sometimes they’re in their own spiritual realm and can only see other ghosts.  That might explain what happened to Samantha.  Jill would have to ask how often Samantha saw her and Frank.  Though she hadn’t died, so Jill was still a little unclear about what exactly did happen.
Jill felt a little tense so she took a hot bath.  It relaxed her.  She turned the TV back and watched late night talk shows until she was too tired to stay awake.  As she drifted off to sleep, she wondered how many more nights she would be spending away from Frank.  She hoped it wouldn’t be too much longer.




Chapter Twenty-One




Jill woke up about seven and felt wide awake so she rose out of bed.  She got ready quickly and decided to have breakfast at the hotel’s restaurant.  Alice was seated by herself and waved when Jill walked in.
“Table for one?” the hostess asked.
Alice motioned for Jill to join her so Jill said, “Can you seat me with her?”
The hostess saw who Jill was referring to and led her to her table.
“Hi, Jill,” Alice said cheerfully.  “Getting breakfast early?”
“Yeah, I have to be somewhere soon,” Jill said and sat.
The hostess handed Jill a menu and Jill opened it.  Alice’s food hadn’t come yet but Jill knew she had ordered since she didn’t see a menu.
“I know you’re getting tired of me asking but are you speaking with your husband yet?” Alice asked.
“When he apologizes, I’ll speak to him and go back home,” Jill said.
“He did something that bad, huh?” Alice smiled.
“Yes, you could say that.” 
A waitress named Michelle came over and Jill ordered coffee and pancakes.  When she left the table, Alice said, “I think my boyfriend Billy is about to propose.”
“That’s great,” Jill tried to be supportive.  “How long have you known him?”
“For a couple years.  He’s a really nice guy.  I wouldn’t mind being his wife,” Alice said dreamily.
Jill forced a smile.
“And I already have experience being married so I’ll know what to expect.  I doubt Billy would do to me what Jack did.”
Jill didn’t want to talk about someone’s relationship which was going well at the moment so she said, “This is a nice hotel for so cheap.”
Alice caught her drift and said, “I know.  I’ve been to some dumps before but this place is decent.”
Alice and Jill then talked about their families.  Alice told Jill she never had kids and felt that being forty now, her time was running out, so she hoped Billy did propose.  Other than that, Alice didn’t mention marriage.  Alice and Jill asked for separate checks and left the restaurant about eight.
Jill hoped Frank wouldn’t be home when she reached her house.  She was glad to see he wasn’t.  First she went upstairs and packed some of Samantha’s clothes in a small duffel bag.  Then she found the photo album and put it in her purse.  As she was handling it, she got a strange tingling sensation throughout her body.  She didn’t know whether it was a coincidence or not, but she definitely felt that something important was in the album.  She didn’t stick around the house at all, but quickly walked out to her car and set off for the hospital.
She arrived at the hospital and found that Samantha was in the same room as the day before.  She took the elevator up to the fourth floor.
“These are Samantha Wells’ clothes,” she said as she handed the nurse the bag.
“Thank you.  I’ll put these in her room,” the nurse said.
“Do you know when she can leave?” Jill asked.
“Maybe in a few days.  We want to make sure everything’s okay.  Sometimes things aren’t noticeable right away.”
“Did you find out what happened to her?” Jill asked, seeing what the nurse knew.
“We still think she was picked up by a gang or a group of troublemakers.  She’s reluctant to speak though.  We’ve ran several tests and she shows signs of abuse.”
“Was she raped?” Jill asked.
“There’s no internal signs of it but there are some external indicators.  The doctors are wondering what to make of that.  You can go see her, I have to check on some other patients,” the nurse said and started walking away.
Jill walked in the room to find Samantha looking no better than the day before.
“Hi,” Jill said.
“Hi,” Samantha said weakly.
Jill sat in a chair next to the bed.  “Did you contact your parents yet?”
“Yeah, they were worried.  They said they’ll probably come up here to get me.  They don’t want me driving all that distance by myself.  So my father will take my car home himself,” Samantha said.
“Good,” Jill said and asked what was bothering her.  “So how did you end up on a country road if you said you were in another dimension of the house?”
“I don’t know.  I saw this doorway in the wall.  I went through it and I felt like I was flung at the speed of light for miles.  The next thing I knew I was on some road in the middle of the night.  There were hardly any cars.  Lucky one of them was a cop,” Samantha said.
“Where was the door?” Jill asked.
“In the basement,” Samantha replied.
“Did you see us the whole time?”
“No, only for a few minutes at certain times.  That’s the weirdest thing.  I saw other people like those prostitutes more than I saw you or Frank.”
“Did you speak with them much?”
“A little,” Samantha looked like she was hiding something.
“Did you eat or sleep?  It all sounds so strange,” Jill said.
“Tell me about it.  I thought things like this were impossible.  But to answer your question, I didn’t eat.  I didn’t even get hungry.  And I tried sleeping but I couldn’t.  Unless I really was asleep the whole time.”
“But then your body would have been in bed,” Jill tried to make sense of it.
“I know.  It’s like an alternate reality was in your house.  I wonder if there’s an alternate reality everywhere that’s running alongside of us,” Samantha said.
“I think it might be the house,” Jill said and then began to tell her the story of Lars and Michael.
“There was a skeleton in your basement?” Samantha seemed shocked.
“Yes.  Did you see Lars?”
“What does he look like?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t have a picture,” Jill sighed.
“Maybe I did, it was confusing.  Sometimes the rooms would just change furniture all of a sudden.”
“Were you abused by Ike?” Jill asked.
“Don’t worry about it.  I’m okay now,” Samantha said.
“But I want to know what he did!”
“Okay, I’ll tell you.  The first time I saw him, I was scared.  But he just came at me and disappeared before he touched me.  I saw him off and on after that.  Then on Saturday he tied me to one of the beds.  I was there for hours,” Samantha said.
“How did you get free?”
“One of the hookers I had been seeing released me,” Samantha said.
“You were in the house for six days, right?” Jill asked.
“Yes, I tried to leave and go outside a few times.  And when I opened the door to go, everything was strange and surreal looking.  It was like a painting.  I took a couple of steps outside of the house and I had a strong feeling it was more dangerous outside than in, so I ran back in the house.  Everything was wrong out there anyway.”
“Wrong how?”
“The colors, the angles.  Some things were blurry.  Everything in the house and the people I saw were clear.  But outside it was like, I don’t know, you’d have to see it yourself to know what I mean.”
“So what did you do the whole time?” Jill wanted more information.
“I’d rather not talk about it.  You do believe what I told you, don’t you?” Samantha said.
“Before I moved here, I wouldn’t.  But I do now.”
“Do you want to stay and watch something for a while?  I don’t want to be alone all day.”
“I have to leave for work but I can stay about forty minutes to an hour.”
“Thanks, so how do you like the job?  It was the clothing store, right?”
“Yes, I like it.  The hours work out for me.  I’ll have time to maybe finish my novel by the end of the year,” Jill said.
“That’s great.  I wish I could write something that long,” Samantha said and picked up a remote near her bed.  “Well let’s see what’s on.”
Samantha flipped through the channels until she found a variety show.  Then she put the remote down and watched.  Jill watched with her.  They didn’t say much else.  Jill could understand Samantha was upset and it could be awhile before she got more details out of her.  If Ike had abused her friend, she definitely wanted him destroyed.  She just had to figure out exactly how.
Jill excused herself when it was time to leave for work.  Then she drove quickly to Trendy Miss.  The day was slow and uneventful.  She almost forgot she was supposed to go to Larry’s restaurant but she remembered at the last minute.  She drove over and found the parking lot empty except for two cars.  Thinking it strange, she entered the restaurant.
Larry was standing by one of the tables.
“It’s Jill.  Jill’s here!” he called.
Becky came from out of the back and waved.
“Where is everybody?” Jill asked.
“Give them time.  Have a seat.  The food’s free again,” Larry said.
“Okay,” Jill sat in a booth near the window.
A few minutes later Frank came out and scowled when he noticed Jill.
“So when is everyone getting here?” Frank asked Larry.
“Why don’t you sit down?” Larry asked.
“I just want to know when it’s going to start,” Frank said.
“Just sit,” Larry said and added when Frank went to separate table, “Next to Jill.”
Frank reluctantly complied.  Jill still noticed a far off look in his eyes.
“We need to talk,” Larry took a deep breath.
“About what?” Frank asked.
“I have a confession to make.  I lied to you guys about the party.  I just wanted to get you two alone together,” Larry said.
“You went through all the trouble of closing your restaurant for that?” Frank asked in disbelief.
Becky walked over and stood by Larry.  Larry spoke, “You guys, my fiancée here has been worried sick ever since Monday.  She thinks the two of you are going to split up.  Now if you’re having problems, maybe you could talk about it in front of us.  We can be impartial observers, maybe we’ll be able to help.”
“That’s sweet but I don’t know if my husband will be up for it,” Jill said.
“Go ahead and tell them, Jill.  Tell them your nonsensical stories,” Frank grimaced.
“What stories?” Becky asked.
“Well I don’t know if you guys have heard, but some bad things happened in our house,” Jill said.
“Like what?” Becky looked intrigued.
“For starters, it used to be a brothel in the sixties,” Jill said.
“Get out of here!” Larry exclaimed.
“Do you two know?  Many people in town do,” Jill asked.
“Wait a minute,” Becky looked thoughtful.  “I did hear rumors that there was a brothel in town a long time ago.  But I had no idea it was your house.  So you mean men were paying women for sex in your bedroom?”
“Well I don’t think our bedroom was used for sex.  The pimp or whoever was running it stayed there.  But in the other bedrooms it happened,” Jill said.
“Wow.  Do you want to sell the place after hearing that?” Larry asked.
“Frank here thinks it’s financially stupid so I’ll have to live with it,” Jill said.
“Jill, I said it before.  It’s not like ghosts of the hookers are in the house.  It happened, so what good can being upset do?” Frank exclaimed.
“There might be ghosts,” Jill said.
“Ghosts?” Becky looked nervous.
“Tell them.  Maybe they can talk some sense into you,” Frank muttered.
“Well things have been moved and I’ve had a lot of nightmares,” Jill said.
“About people on the bed again?” Becky said and added, “Wait so did you know when you had that dream that your house was a whorehouse?”
“No, maybe my subconscious did,” Jill said.
“That’s amazing,” Becky said.
“So have you had nightmares other than people on the bed?” Larry asked.
“Yes,” Jill said.
“Jill, before you embarrass yourself, remember that dreams don’t mean anything,” Frank said.
“You still think I’m losing my mind?” Jill yelled.
“I’d use the past tense if I were you,” Frank muttered.
“Guys!” Larry tried to calm them.
“See the way he talks to me now?” Jill yelled.
“Frank, why don’t you tell your side,” Larry suggested.
“Well I suspect Jill isn’t happy we moved up here.  She likes the big city better and wants to go back.  Maybe there’s not enough to do or not enough opportunities.  I mean she’s working at some cheap job that she’s way better than.  I think she’s making this up to get us to move away from here.  She thinks I’m that gullible.  Shows what she knows.”
“Oh shut up,” Jill said.
“Brilliant answer,” Frank snapped.
“If that’s what you think of me, fine.  I’m trying to warn you but now I don’t care.  I hope a ghost kills you,” Jill snapped.
“Okay, looks like you two have more going on than we can handle,” Larry said.
Becky looked sad to see them fight but stayed silent.
“Could I recommend a marriage counselor?” Larry said, trying to help.
“Larry, it’s nice that you care but I’m not going to some quack,” Frank said.
“Just take the number.” 
“I’ll take it but I won’t go,” Frank said.
Larry and Becky looked exasperated.
“How long can you stay in a hotel, Jill?” Becky asked.
“Not forever.  If someone apologizes I’ll go home,” Jill said.
“Keep dreaming,” Frank snapped.
“Alright, guys.  The offer for a free dinner is still good.  I have some things prepared.  Just try not to kill each other here, okay?” Larry said.
Becky walked back into the kitchen and brought out two platters of food.  It looked like there was too much for four people.  Frank sat at a table with Larry, and Becky sat at the other end of the restaurant with Jill.  Becky asked Jill about her novel instead of asking about Frank.  Jill told her what she was working on.
When they were almost done, Larry said, “Becky, I got an important call.  We should get going.”
“Who is it?”
“About the wedding,” Larry said.
“Oh,” Becky stood up.
“I told Frank to close up for me.  I trust you two.  Later, Jill,” Larry said and hurried Becky out the door.
Jill didn’t want to be alone with Frank right then and wondered if Larry made up the story about the call to get them alone.  She wasn’t going to be insulted so she stayed where she was.  About ten minutes later, Frank walked over.
“I gotta go.  Why don’t you let yourself out and lock the door when you’re done,” he snapped.
“You want me here alone?” Jill asked.
“Why?  You’re thinking of burning the place down?”
“Just go then,” Jill said.
Frank quickly left.  Jill felt strange being in an empty restaurant.  She wasn’t planning on staying long.  Everyone had left on her so suddenly.  While she was finishing the food on her plate, she got the idea that now would be a good time to open the photo album.  No one was around and she was miles from the house.
She took it out of her purse and became nervous just before she opened it.  But she told herself it could only be pictures so she just took a deep breath and looked inside.
The first photo was of Jasmine and the six other girls.  The colors were faded but there was nothing unusual about the picture.  She turned the page.  It was of a man she had never seen before and it had a date in a white strip at the bottom: November 16, 1963.  Intrigued she turned the page and found a picture of another man with another date in a strip at the bottom: January 11, 1965.
It was like something hit her.  Jasmine must have been keeping a record of the men who disappeared.  She didn’t know how she got these pictures of them, but Jill was certain that’s who the men were.  That would be the only reason for putting dates under their picture.  She looked at a few more.  Some were young, a couple were middle-aged.  She felt like she was viewing something very private and almost felt ashamed.  She wished the pictures said the names of the men.
She was about to look at the rest when she heard Frank call, “Jill, can you come back here?”
“Where are you?” Jill yelled.  Hadn’t he left already?
“In the kitchen!” Frank yelled.
Jill reluctantly put the album down and walked to the kitchen.  Whatever he wanted, it better be important, she told herself.  She walked through the doorway to the kitchen to find it empty.
“Frank?” she yelled.  She had definitely heard him loud and clear.
“In here!” he called.
“Where?” Jill yelled and as she was speaking noticed the walk in freezer door was open.  She saw movement inside.
“In the freezer!” Frank yelled.
“What are you doing in there?” Jill said as she walked to the door of the freezer.
Clouds of cold air poured out of it.  She saw Frank hunched over something in the back.
“What is it?  What’s there?” Jill asked and stepped into the freezer.
She took a couple more steps and all of a sudden the door to the freezer slammed closed.  She turned around to talk to Frank but he was gone.  She just saw the back wall.  Had she imagined him calling her?
Sighing she turned around and tried to open the door.  But it was locked.  Jill instantly panicked.  She remembered hearing that the doors of some walk in freezers only opened from the outside.  And if she was alone, no one would be around until morning to open it.
Jill banged on the door, hoping Larry or Frank had come back.  
“Help!” she screamed.
No one answered her and she couldn’t see anyone through the small window.  She tried desperately to open the door herself but didn’t succeed.
“Oh no,” Jill said aloud as she got the feeling she would be trapped in here.
The cold was starting to make her feel uncomfortable.  She shivered and rubbed her arms.  Who or what had closed the door?  Would she die in here?  She wouldn’t suspect Frank of trying to kill her even with the way he had been lately.
She tried again to get the door open but couldn’t.  The minutes felt like hours and she became steadily colder.  She heard people could die from being locked in freezers.  She was too young to die.  She felt helpless.
She tried several more times and in several ways to get the door open, none of them working.  Why did she walk in the freezer?  Why had she thought she heard Frank?  A thought crept into her head.  Was this because she saw the pictures in the album and the ghosts wanted to kill her?  Would they even have power away from the house?
As more time went by, Jill’s heart sank.  She was now freezing and she didn’t know how much longer she could stay in here.  Frank would assume Jill went back to the hotel.  No one would find her until the morning.  Unless someone happened to see her car.  But if they didn’t drive by, they wouldn’t know.
Jill became more and more certain she would die that day and she didn’t feel prepared.  There was so much she wanted to do.  She wanted to have a family and grandchildren someday.  This wasn’t fair.  She had tried to be a decent person all her years in the city.  And now she moved to New England thinking she would start a happy new life.  But instead she would be terrorized and killed.  She felt sorry for leaving New York.  But she knew if she didn’t get out of the freezer, there would be nothing more she could do.
Jill spent the next hour in the freezer.  The cold became more and more unbearable.  Jill was also worried she might run out of oxygen.  She didn’t know what was worse, suffocating or freezing to death.  Just as she was about to give up, she heard noise.
Her heart beating a mile a minute, she went closer to the door.
“Jill?” Frank called.  He sounded worried.
“In here!  Help!” Jill banged on the door as hard as she could.
At first she thought he wouldn’t find her, but she was never so relieved to see his face as she was when she saw it through the window.
“Help!” Jill screamed as Frank opened the door.  She had really thought she was going to die.
He hugged her.  Jill looked at him.  The strange look in his eyes was gone.  But she didn’t get her hopes up yet.
“What were you doing in there?” he asked, still hugging her.
“I thought I heard you call me.  I went back to the kitchen and thought you were in the freezer.  But when I went in the door slammed behind me.  I could have died!” Jill cried.
“It’s okay,” Frank said comfortingly.  “I went home and was about to relax when I got the weirdest feeling you were in danger.  I couldn’t shake it off.  I know how you felt on Monday.”
“Are you yourself again?” Jill asked hopefully.
“Let’s get away from the freezer,” Frank said.  They were still standing right by it with the door open.
Jill followed Frank out to the restaurant area.
“Jill, I can understand if you’re still mad at me but I want to say I’m sorry.”
“Finally.  Did something happen to you that day in the attic?” Jill asked, sensing that Frank meant it.
“I think so.  I went up there and didn’t see anything.  I was about to leave when someone pushed me to the ground.  At least it felt like someone.  I felt this weird sensation come over me and I got up, but no one was up there with me,” Frank explained.
“You might have been possessed,” Jill said, glad that might explain things.
“I think I was.  I felt different, like someone else was in my body with me.  I heard myself saying things to you I didn’t want to say but I couldn’t stop myself.  Just now when I thought you might die, I felt a presence leave me.  I was so upset that if you died, your last memory of me would be as a jerk,” Frank said.
“It’s alright,” Jill said.  “So do you believe me now about our house?”
Frank took a deep breath.  “I’m prepared to.  But why don’t you tell me the full story when we get home?  That is unless you’re still sleeping at the hotel tonight.”
“I’ll go home.”
“Good, let’s get out of here.  I don’t feel right being in Larry’s restaurant like this,” Frank said.
“Let me get my purse,” Jill said and walked to her table.
She quickly put the photo album in her purse and zipped it.  Then she followed Frank out the door.  He shut out the lights and locked up.
“Is there anything I can do to make it up to you, I mean the way I’ve been?” he asked at the door.
“You can buy me white roses,” Jill thought of what Nina said.
Frank smiled.  “If that’s what you want, sure.”
Jill went to her car.
Frank asked, “Should I follow you to pick up your things at the hotel?”
“I don’t know.  It’s only one bag,” Jill said.
“Well I want to pick out the roses together.”
“Okay,” Jill said as she got in her car.
Jill felt the best she had all week as she drove to the hotel.  Even though the issue of what to do about the ghosts wasn’t resolved, at least her marriage seemed to be back in order.  She drove to the hotel and parked.  Frank had stayed behind her the whole time.
“I need to check out too,” Jill said as she opened her door.
“Why don’t you do that?  I’ll get your bag.”
Jill agreed and went to bring the key back to the office.  Jill knew she had a couple nights still paid for but she wasn’t worried about not getting any money back.  She finished checking out and went outside to see Frank putting her bag in his car.  Alice came out her door just then.
“Hi, Jill,” she said.
“Hi.”
“Is that Frank?”
“Yes, that’s him,” Jill said.
“Frank, this is Alice.  We started talking the other night,” Jill said.
“Nice to meet you,” Alice said and shook Frank’s hand.
“I hope she hasn’t trashed me too much,” Frank said.
“No, she spoke pretty well of you,” Alice smiled.
“Good to hear,” Frank said, then to Jill.  “You can check if I got everything.”
Jill went into her room and checked around.  The only thing Frank had missed was her new book and her robe that she had hung in the bathroom.  She carried them out to the car.
“Good luck, Jill.  Glad you’re back together,” Alice said and went back into her room.
“She’s a friendly woman,” Jill remarked to Frank when the door was closed.
“Glad you had someone to talk to,” Frank said.  “Well let’s go.  You lead me to the flower shop.”
Jill got in her car and Frank drove behind her as she found a good place to buy flowers.  She found one she had passed a couple times but hadn’t gone into yet.  They had every kind of flower imaginable.  Frank bought a dozen white roses and a vase for Jill.  Jill took them with her and then finally drove home after several days of avoiding the house.
Mabel was outside putting something in her car as Frank and Jill pulled in the driveway.
“Hi, I haven’t seen you for a few days,” Mabel said to Jill.
“I was staying somewhere else temporarily.”
“Oh, but everything’s okay now?” Mabel asked.
“Sort of,” Jill replied.
“Oh, well I wanted to let you know that I’ll be visiting my daughter for the weekend and the house will be empty.  I’ll be leaving early tomorrow morning and coming back late on Sunday.  Do you mind bringing in my mail and just watering my flowers?” 
“Sure, I’d be glad to,” Jill said.
“I’ll leave my key under the mat,” Mabel said.
“Okay, I’ll get it tomorrow.”
“Thanks.  Such a nice young person.  Well I’ll see you next week.”
“Have fun at your daughter’s,” Jill said and walked up the path to the door.
Frank nodded and followed Jill.
She got a strange feeling as she walked in the door, like she had been away at college for months or off somewhere far away.  She put her book and robe down on the living room couch and then walked into the kitchen to fill the vase with water.  Frank came in behind her and watched her put the roses in the vase and set it on the island counter.
“Thanks for buying so many,” Jill said.
“I owe you, I guess,” Frank said.
“So what was it like for you the past week?”
“I don’t know.  Like I said I felt strange.  Like someone else was speaking for me.”
“Well I’m glad you snapped out of it,” Jill said.
“Do you think it was a spirit that knocked me down in the attic?” Frank asked.
“I do.  Do you know about Michael Trent, the builder of the house?” Jill asked.
“Was that his body in the basement?” Frank asked.
“No, that was Lars,” Jill went on to tell Frank the story she had heard of Michael stealing money and then killing Lars for threatening to turn him in.  Frank seemed amazed.
“Wow.  So this guy Michael, did his spirit mess up your book and leave the milk out and all that?”
“Probably, but I’m not sure,” Jill said.
“Well who else did?”
Jill told Frank there could be other spirits like the missing men in the house, though they probably weren’t dangerous.
“Wow.  They sure didn’t mention any of this in the brochure,” Frank commented.
“I’m surprised this place was allowed to be sold.  Probably no one in town wanted it so they waited for some unsuspecting fools from another area to buy it.”
“You’re not a fool,” Frank said.
“You know what I mean,” Jill said.
“I’m surprised Larry didn’t know, though he hasn’t lived here his whole life so I guess no one told him,” Frank said.
“I know.  That was so selfless that he closed down his restaurant to get us to talk.”
“But you almost died in the freezer,” Frank mentioned.
“Maybe proving to yourself that you still cared about me got rid of whatever was possessing you,” Jill said.
“You think?”
“Yes, I’ve been told evil spirits hate love.  But Frank, I don’t want to live for years to come with a spirit in the house even if we’d be safe.  I think we should try to work together and end this decades long terror,” Jill said.
“How?”
Jill was about to answer but the phone rang.  It was a wrong number.  Jill politely told the person they had dialed wrong.
“So how would we end the terror, to use your words?” Frank asked.
“Well I’ve gotten some clues this week.  I’ll tell you later after I think of how to use them,” Jill said.
“Okay.  You know we finally started getting mail.  A couple bills came,” Frank said.
“Good.  I should start my magazine up again,” Jill said.
“So did you notice?” Frank asked.
“Notice what?” Jill asked.
“Look on the counter.”
Jill followed Frank’s direction and saw an answering machine on the counter.  The cord wrapped around the wall to the phone.
“You got one?  I guess I was so preoccupied I didn’t see,” Jill said.
“Yeah, now we can get messages like a normal person,” Frank said.  “And come upstairs.”
“Okay,” Jill said.
Frank led her down the hall to the unfurnished room.  He opened the door to the carpeted room and Jill saw a treadmill, exercise bike and a couple free weights.  The treadmill instantly brought to mind her nightmare of the floor giving out.  But she said, “Wow.  You’ve been busy shopping while I was gone.”
“I know.  I figured we might as well use this room for something.  And you can lose the ten pounds you’ve been complaining about.  Good idea, huh?”
“I was the one who suggested it to you,” Jill reminded him.
“You did, when?” Frank asked.
“When I first looked in the upstairs rooms,” Jill said.
“Well I guess it’s one of those cases where something’s in your head and you don’t remember the source.  So do you want to try it out?”
“Maybe tomorrow,” Jill said, the treadmill making her nervous.  She knew it had to be a coincidence, but it looked just like the one in her dream.
“Are you working tomorrow?” Frank asked.
“No.  I think I’m starting weekend shifts next week.  You don’t mind me being away part of the weekend, do you?” 
“I’ll amuse myself,” Frank said.
Jill walked back into the hall.
“Do you want to go to bed early so you can try out the new TV?” Frank asked.
“Sure,” Jill replied.
It was after eight so Jill didn’t feel too strange getting changed into her nightclothes.  Frank changed to sweatpants and a T-shirt and then they went into the bedroom.  The TV Frank bought for upstairs was fancier than the one downstairs though it was a couple inches smaller.
They watched sitcoms and then a drama at ten.  As they were getting tired, Frank asked, “So were you going to tell me your plan?”
Jill told Frank everything she had remembered about Michael, including his bad ankle, the incident with the girl he liked, the spell to take away his powers for a day, and his dislike of white roses.
“So that’s why you asked for them,” Frank commented.
“Yeah.  But the only problem is I don’t know if I’ve ever seen him.  I think if we hit him with everything starting with the spell to take away his powers we might have a start.  Just how to bring him before us is the question,” Jill said.
“What powers would it take away?” Frank asked.
“Marisol didn’t say but I guess she meant his ability to move objects or hurt us,” Jill said.
“Wow.  This all feels like it’s out of a movie.”
“I know.  I never would have believed all this a year ago.”
Frank put his arm around her.  “I’m sorry for suggesting you were crazy.”
“Well I know how it sounds but it’s the truth.  By the way, did you ever experience anything unusual that a ghost could have done?”
“Well the other day the TV went on by itself, to be honest.  But I didn’t think much of it at the time.”
“That happened to me too,” Jill said and told Frank everything she remembered experiencing including her dreams and the blizzard hallucination.
“Wow, I’m sorry I made you feel worse,” Frank said after hearing all she went through.
“It’s okay.  Let’s just sleep and worry about everything tomorrow,” Jill said.
“Okay, good night,” Frank said.
Frank shut off the TV and turned out the light.  Jill liked having space on the bed for a few days, but she was glad to be next to her husband again.  She had a restful night’s sleep despite her scare in the freezer.



Chapter Twenty-Two




Jill barely dreamt and woke up at the same time as Frank.
“Good morning,” she said.
“Good morning.  Did it feel good to sleep in the house again?”
“Yeah,” Jill yawned.
“Do you want me to make breakfast this morning?”
“Wow, you’re really trying to get on my good side,” Jill teased.
“Well I feel bad.”
“Well if you feel like cooking and there’s still bacon and eggs left, go ahead,” Jill said.
“There is.  It’ll be ready in fifteen minutes,” Frank said and eagerly hopped out of bed.
Jill laid where she was a few minutes and then quickly changed to her day clothes and went downstairs.  The aroma of sizzling bacon and frying eggs filled the kitchen as Jill entered.  She took a seat at the table.
“I’m just making them scrambled,” Frank said.
“That’s fine.”
Frank finished cooking and brought the plates over to Jill.  Then he went to get two glasses of milk for himself and Jill.
“So I’m not that terrible a cook, right?” Frank asked after a minute of eating in silence.
“I’m impressed.  And you never told me, how often did you cook before we got married?”
“Hardly ever.  Maybe a frozen pizza once a month.  Not much else,” Frank replied.
“Then I really am impressed.”
“Thanks.  After work, do you feel like seeing a movie or maybe trying the more upper-class bar, the Brew Barn, that we wanted to go to awhile ago?”
“Sure.”
“Well I better get changed and get going,” Frank said, excusing himself.
He kissed her good bye quickly and then went upstairs to get ready for work.  Jill finished her meal and put the dishes in the sink.  She didn’t bother putting them in the dishwasher.  She was glad to see the sink wasn’t piled high with dirty dishes from Frank being by himself.
A few minutes later, Frank hurried downstairs and out the door.  Jill thought about her plans for the day.  She wanted to get back to her novel.  Maybe sit in the sun to read again.  She was about to go to her computer when Frank came in looking distressed.
“The damn car won’t start,” he complained.
“Really?  Is the battery dead?”
“Something like that, I can’t even hear the engine revving,” he said.
“Well take mine.  I’ll get my keys,” Jill said and walked to her purse.
She opened it, found her keys and handed them to Frank.
“Thanks.  We’ll have to see what the problem is tomorrow.  The lights weren’t left on so I don’t know why the battery would be dead,” Frank said.
“I’m not a mechanic, I couldn’t tell you.”
Frank kissed Jill quickly and then went back out the door.  Jill walked to the front step and watched him enter her car.  She saw him turn the key but didn’t hear the engine start.  Frank looked frustrated.
She stepped outside and walked over to him.  He rolled down the window.
“Guess what?  Your car won’t start either.”
“Let me try,” Jill said.
Frank opened the door and let Jill sit in the driver’s seat to try.  She turned the key several times and got no response, not even the slightest mechanical noise.
“Guess I’m not meant to go to work today,” Frank commented.
“This is strange,” Jill said.
“I know.  I guess someone will have to come look at both our cars today,” Frank said and walked back to the house.
Jill got out, feeling disturbed.  She had the weirdest feeling Ike had something to do with their cars not starting.  If so, that meant he was more powerful than she realized and that wasn’t a comforting thought.
Jill went in to see Frank just dialing the phone.
“Hi, it’s Frank.”
“Hey, what’s up buddy?” Larry said.
“Some bad news.  Both my car and Jill’s won’t start so I may not make it in today.”
“That’s too bad.  Well get it fixed and I’ll cover for you.  So did you and Jill make up?” Larry said.
“Yes, and you really didn’t have to lose business just for us.”
“Well it worked, didn’t it?” Larry asked.
“Yeah, but, thanks,” Frank thought of what to say.
“No problem.  I’ll see you on Monday if you don’t get if fixed early enough today.”
“Thanks, bye,” Frank hung up.
“He was okay with it?” Jill asked.
“Yeah, he understands,” Frank replied.  “So I guess I should find the number of a mechanic.  I hope they’ll tow them too if it’s not something simple.”
“Yeah,” Jill sighed.
Frank found the phone book and looked for a mechanic.  He saw one that had an attractive ad and dialed their number.
“I’m sorry.  We won’t be able to send someone out until tomorrow,” a woman speaking in a monotone answered.
“Do you tow?” Frank asked.
“Yes, it’s free within ten miles if you have work done with us,” the woman said.
“Well, I guess I’ll wait, let me give you the address,” Frank said.  Frank gave their address, telephone number, and specs on the cars.  The woman said to expect someone around one in the afternoon on Saturday.
“They’re busy?” Jill asked.
“Yeah, they’ll tow the cars tomorrow afternoon.  Guess we’re stuck in for the day.”
“That’s too bad.  I was looking forward to a movie when you said it.”
“We can order one pay per view,” Frank suggested.
“That might work.”
“So what are you going to do for the afternoon?”
“Maybe read out in the sun.”
“Okay, I’ll watch TV, I guess,” Frank said.
“You should read a book sometime,” Jill suggested.  “You can take one of mine.”
“I get bored too fast.  At least I did in college.”
“How did you pass?” Jill asked.
“Took good notes,” Frank smiled and walked to the living room to watch the TV.
Jill hurried upstairs, grabbed her book, and went outside.  The sun was warm and pleasant as she read.  It felt relaxing.  She remembered the last time when the cat found her reading in the sun.  She wondered what happened to him.
After a couple hours, she was starting to sweat so she went back in.  Since it was after noon, she decided to check and see if Mabel’s mail had come.  She went next door, found the key where Mabel said it would be.  She saw a note on the door telling her everything was on the dining room table.  She first went back out to check the mail and found it had arrived.  She brought it inside and then filled up a watering can with water and took it out to Mabel’s garden.
After finishing she put the house key back under the mat and locked up.  Then she went to see her own mail.  There were only three envelopes.  One was something that had gone to their old address and been forwarded.  The other two were for Frank.  She brought them inside to find the TV on but Frank out of the room.
She figured he must have gone to the bathroom so she went in the kitchen and put the envelopes on the island counter.  She was about to go upstairs to write when a blinking light caught her eye.  It was the answering machine.
She walked over to play it and was surprised to see ninety-three messages on it.
“What?” Jill said aloud.  Had someone pranked them?
She pressed play and listened.
Message one said in a ghostly male voice: “Frank.  Jill.  You better be careful.”
Message two said “You think you’ll win?  Nonsense.”
Jill began to be afraid but she kept listening.
Message three said in an angry voice: “Jill!  You couldn’t leave things alone.  That’s too bad for you.”
Message four said “Jill, you bitch.  Just try and come after me!”
Message five said in an enraged voice: “I’m going to kill you slow and you’ll be in terrible pain like you deserve!”
Jill pressed the button to stop playing the messages.  That was all she could take.  Frank had walked in sometime while Jill was listening.
“What was that?” he asked.
“Did you hear?” Jill asked panicking.
“Some of it.  You think it’s some rotten kid being funny?” Frank asked.
“Did you hear the phone ringing or the messages while they were being recorded?” Jill asked.
“No, the phone never rang and I was in the living room the whole time you were outside,” Frank said.
“Then who did this?” Jill demanded, thought deep down she guessed it was Ike.
“Let’s call the police and play it for them,” Frank said.
Jill picked up the phone and was startled to hear screeching and weird computerized noises.  It sounded like a HAM radio bringing in noise.
“Hello?” Jill said loudly but the noises didn’t change.
“What’s wrong?” Frank asked.
“Listen,” Jill handed him the phone.
Frank listened for a moment and hung up.  “Let’s try again.  Must have been something weird with the line.”
Frank picked up the phone and heard the same noises as before.  He saw Jill starting to panic.
“Calm down.  We’ll try again later,” he said.
“Do you think Ike heard us last night?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know.  Can he hear anything?” Frank asked.
“I hope he didn’t.  I don’t know if he’s off somewhere else most of the time or what but a couple of those messages…,” Jill said.
“You think our ghost left those messages?” 
“I don’t know what to think,” Jill said feeling unnerved.
“We’ll be okay,” Frank put his arm around her momentarily.
“Funny Mabel has to leave just as things get out of hand,” Jill said.
“Maybe it was meant to be this way.”
“Now you’re getting like me, huh?” Jill said.
“Why don’t we go outside?  Maybe we can walk down the street to another neighbor,” Frank suggested.
“Okay,” Jill said and followed Frank to the front door.
Just as they opened the door and stepped out, a huge black limousine drove down their street.  Jill had a feeling something evil was inside.  The limo slowed down and stopped in front of their house.  It had to be twice as long as any natural limo could be. The window by the front passenger side rolled down and an evil looking man with long gray hair and dark glasses stared at them.  Jill suddenly got the image of Charon, taking people to hell.
 “Need a ride, folks?” the driver said in a frightening voice.
“Let’s go back in,” Jill said and hurried in behind Frank.  
Frank looked nervous, but calm.  After a moment’s thought, he went inside and closed the door.
“Who the hell was that?” he asked.
“You may have answered your own question,” Jill said.
“What?”
“Nothing.  What should we do?” Jill asked.
“Do you think that driver was Ike?” Frank asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Then let’s get him here,” Frank said.  Jill became alarmed when Frank shouted, “Hey Ike!  Ike, you bastard!  You’ve messed with us enough now why don’t you show yourself, you frigin coward!”
Jill couldn’t believe Frank had the nerve to say that.  “You shouldn’t have said that,” she said to him, hoping Ike wouldn’t attack them right then.
“Just as I thought,” Frank said when nothing happened for a minute.  “He’s scared of us because he knows we know something.”
“I hope so,” Jill said.
“I’m gonna go to the backyard,” Frank said and started walking to the long living room.
Halfway across the room, Frank fell through the floor like it was made of air.  He didn’t have time to react.
“FRANK!” Jill screamed and ran to the entrance to the room.  She was afraid of falling through the floor too.
There was no sign of Frank.  Jill started crying silently.  She hoped he wasn’t dead.  Where could he have gone?  The only logical place she thought of would be the basement.  So she tiptoed around the spot Frank fell through, staying on the edges of the room.  Then she hurried down the basement stairs.
The room was empty.  The atmosphere was unusually silent.  Jill remembered the dream about the tunnel and she went to the section of wall she had walked through in her dream.  She didn’t really expect to find a tunnel, so she wasn’t all that disappointed when she found the wall was solid and hard.
But Frank falling through the floor scared her.  Up until now, the unrealistic things happened in her dreams.  She was sure she was awake this time.  And if she had hallucinated like she had the snowstorm, she should find Frank still upstairs.
Suddenly she had to get out of the basement, so she did.  She checked the downstairs and backyard for Frank.  He was nowhere around.  As she was standing in the living room planning what to do next, the TV suddenly started changing channels by itself.  It only stayed on each channel a couple seconds before flipping to the next.
Jill felt like hurling something heavy through the screen to make it stop but instead she played with the buttons until it turned off.  Then the phone rang and she jumped.  She remembered something similar to this happening a couple weeks ago.  Nevertheless she walked to the kitchen and picked up the phone.
“Where’s your lover now, Jill?” an evil sounding voice hissed.
“Ike?” Jill nervously stammered.
“Are you really ready to come get him?  Then enter my world if you dare,” the voice hissed.
All of a sudden the room went pitch black even though it was daytime outside.  Jill felt something large crash into her and she fell over.  She fumbled around in the darkness.  Something hit her and she felt dizzy and disoriented.  She felt like her body was instantaneously lifted up and put down somewhere else.  Then colors and lights started to form in her visual field.
“Get up,” a female voice said gently.
The picture became clear and Jill saw a twenty-three year old Marilu standing over her.  She was in the kitchen but things looked a little different.  It took a moment for Jill to realize what was happening.
“Get off the floor, silly,” Marilu said and held out her hand to help Jill up.
Jill groaned.  She was dreaming of the prostitutes again.  If she even was dreaming at all.
Jill took Marilu’s hand and stood up.
“Did you trip?” Marilu asked.
“Marilu,” Jill said trying to think of something to say.
“Yes, Phylicia?” Marilu asked.
So Jill was supposed to be Phylicia now.  Jill just hoped she would find her way out of here soon.  She thought of how to tell the Marilu in her twenties she should join the one in her sixties.
“Well don’t just stand there.  The men will be here soon,” Marilu said.
“What men?” Jill asked.
“We’re getting seven army cadets tonight.  One for each of us,” Marilu stated.
“Great,” Jill sighed.  She hoped she would find a way out of having to have sex with one of them.
Just then Naomi walked in talking to the girl Jill remembered as Abby.
“Hi guys,” Naomi said.
“Hi,” Marilu said cheerfully.
“Ready for tonight?” Naomi asked.
“Sure am,” Marilu said.
“Phylicia.  Care for a match of pool?” Naomi asked.
“Sure,” Jill said relieved to have something to do.
Jill left Marilu to talk to Abby and followed Naomi through the house to the back room.  The same chess set that was still there in the present was in the house as well as the dart board and pool table.  Jill had noticed some of the furniture in the living rooms was different and some was the same.  It was obviously supposed to be the sixties again.  Jill thought of all she had heard.  If the other halves of the seven women were trapped in the house like Marilu suggested, Jill had to do something.
As Naomi set up the balls, Jill asked, “So Naomi.  How old are you?”
“Twenty-seven.  You know that,” Naomi said.
“But you’re not.  It’s not the sixties any more,” Jill said.
“Yes it is unless I’ve been in a time warp.”
“But I won’t even be born for over ten years.  I’m not Phylicia,” Jill thought it best to not beat around the bush.
“Are you feeling okay?  You’re talking funny,” Naomi said, giving no hint that the Naomi she met in reality was listening.
“Yes, I’m okay.  So what’s going on?  You repeat the past over and over here?” Jill asked.
“What do you mean?  Yesterday was yesterday and tomorrow will be tomorrow,” Naomi took the first shot at the balls.
“But forty years have passed since this day,” Jill said.
“Your turn,” Naomi said.
Jill reluctantly took a shot and missed hitting another ball.  “Don’t you realize it?” Jill asked.
“Phylicia, whatever you’re on.  I don’t want to try it,” Naomi said.
Jill realized she was getting nowhere.  So she played with Naomi silently for a long time.  Gary interrupted them and Jill felt her skin crawl at the sight of him.
“Ladies, time for that has ended.  The guys are here,” he barked.
“Let’s get going,” Naomi adjusted her chest and walked out of the room.
Jill reluctantly followed.  She walked to the front hall to find seven young men in army fatigues standing in the entryway.  At first nothing about them struck her as remarkable but then she recognized one from the photo album.  From the first picture she had seen, she was sure of it.  She was about to say something, when Jasmine walked in from the other room.  She had a determined look in her eye.
The men were joking with each other and flirting with Marilu and the others.
“Okay, pair off and have fun.  Be gone by six o’clock in the morning,” Gary ordered.
Marilu instantly took one of the men in the arm and so did Abby.  Jill saw Veronica.  She looked just like her face in the mirror had.  Jill was horrified to see Jasmine take the arm of the guy she recognized from the photo.  Jill felt she had to help somehow.  If she prevented his “disappearance” from repeating, she might get out of here.
“No.  I want that one,” Jill said and walked towards the two.
“I saw him first, honey,” Jasmine said coolly.
“But I think I’m better for him,” Jill said.  She wasn’t planning on having sex with him, she just wanted to get him away from Jasmine.
Jasmine looked offended.  Gary overheard and said, “Well let the man decide.”
“I think I like this one,” he said and pointed to Jill, to her relief.
“Fine,” Jasmine said and walked over to the last man standing by himself.
Jill realized she might take the different man’s soul instead so she said, “No!”
Everyone in the room looked at her like she was causing trouble.
“What do you mean no?” Jasmine demanded.
“What’s going on, Phylicia?” Gary demanded.
“Jasmine has been sick lately.  I think she should get no one,” Jill thought of a reason quick.
Jasmine looked offended.  She put her hands on her hips.
“You mean double up with James?  Sorry, I don’t like him that much,” the man Jasmine was standing by said.
“That’s not what I mean,” Jill said.
“Then everyone gets one,” Gary said making it clear Jill better not argue.
Jill stuttered.
“Alright, ladies and gentlemen, have fun,” Gary said and walked back to the dining room.
James led Jill upstairs.  She was nervous.  She was hoping this sequence would end by now.  But it didn’t.  She didn’t even know which room was Phylicia’s, so she waited to see which room none of the others went into.  It turned out to be the yellow one.
Jill nervously went into the room with James.  What would she say to get out of this?  James closed the door and then sat on the bed.  Jill just stood there.
“You do do this for a living, don’t you?” James asked after seeing Jill stand there.
“I guess,” Jill said.
“Then what are we waiting for?”
“Can’t we talk first?” Jill stalled for time.
“Talk?  That’s not what I paid for,” James complained.
“It’ll be better,” Jill said.
“Fine.  You start,” James rolled his eyes.
“So where are you stationed?” Jill asked.
“Virginia.”
“What’s the guy’s name that Jasmine went with?” Jill asked.
“Him?  He’s Robert,” James said.
“I think he’s in danger,” Jill said.
“Of what?  Too much fun,” James laughed.
“Jasmine is evil.  I think she’s going to kill him.”
“Get real,” James said, brushing off her suggestion.
“No, I mean it.  I think we should go in there and stop it,” Jill said.
“Interrupt a man while he’s busy?  I don’t think so,” James said.
“He could die!” Jill yelled.
“What do you care?” 
“I just do,” Jill sighed.
“How she’s going to kill him?  With a gun?” James asked.
“I don’t know.  There’s someone else in the house.  You’re lucky I got Jasmine away from you or you’d be the dead one.”
“Fine, let’s go, but you better not be wrong,” James said.
Jill led James to the hall and over to Jasmine’s room.  They entered silently.  Robert was in boxers and Jasmine had a nightie on.  They were just starting to fool around.  Then they noticed James and Jill.
“Damnit, Phylicia!  What are you doing?” Jasmine yelled.
“Hey, how about some privacy?” Robert yelled.
“She’s going to kill you,” Jill yelled.
Jasmine looked furious.
“How did you know?” she shrieked.
“What?” Robert yelled, getting up.
Suddenly the ghost of a man appeared.  He looked like his face was frozen in rage.  Jill knew it was Ike.
“You think you can stop me?” Ike screamed.
“What the?  I’m getting the fuck out of here,” Robert said, grabbing his clothes.
“What about the others?” James asked.
“Screw the others.  Let’s save ourselves,” Robert yelled and ran out of the room.  James lingered a moment and then ran after him.
“You still have a long way to go, bitch!” Ike yelled and disappeared without a trace.
“You meddler.  Why’d you have to get in the way?” Jasmine got off the bed and stormed over to Jill.
“You don’t really want to do this, do you?” Jill asked, hoping that Jasmine wasn’t evil when she first started.
“How do you know what I want?” Jasmine yelled.
“He’ll make you take more, you know.  Is this the first?” Jill asked.
“Yes, and he promised I’ll only have to give him one,” Jasmine said.
“He lied.  There’ll be fifteen,” Jill said.
“What are you, clairvoyant?” Jasmine hissed.
“I just know,” Jill said.
“Well you didn’t know I would do this,” Jasmine said and suddenly bolted out of the room and slammed the door.  Jill heard a lock of some sort turning.
“Wait,” Jill said and ran to the door.
The doorknob wouldn’t even turn and there was no way to open it.  Jill banged on the door to no avail.  Did the door lock from the outside in the modern version?  Jill certainly didn’t remember seeing a lock.  When she realized there was no way out, she backed up and sat on the bed, feeling helpless.  She hoped she wouldn’t spend hours in the room like she spent hours in the other brothel dream.

Frank landed in the basement.  What just happened?  One moment he was walking across the living room, the next he was in the basement.  Something behind him caught his eye.  He turned around and was shocked to see an entrance in the wall to a tunnel with jagged stone walls leading off somewhere.  
He walked to the entrance and peered in.  Torches blazed brightly every few feet down the length of the tunnel.  He cautiously stepped inside.  He remembered Jill saying she dreamt there was a tunnel in the basement.  Now he was seeing it while awake?
He walked several steps inside.  He sensed something sinister was at the other end and didn’t really want to see it.  He decided to go upstairs, get Jill, and get out of the house.  Hopefully the limo would be gone.
He turned around to go but a gigantic ferocious looking dog was standing there growling.  Its eyes gleamed with vicious hate.  He backed up slowly.
“Nice doggy,” he said gently.
The dog barked loudly and Frank jumped.  Frank took a few steps backwards and then all of a sudden the dog came after him.  Frank turned and ran as fast as he could.
The tunnel continued for about a hundred yards and then split in two directions.  He picked the left and hoped he made the right decision.  He could hear the dog pursuing him.  It looked like it wanted to kill him.  Frank had to lose it somehow or he was doomed.  To his relief he saw a doorway on the left and ran inside.
It was a large room with several slabs of concrete.  They looked like the tops would fit a body lying down.  He wondered what they were there for as he ran across the room and hid behind the one farthest from the door.  He hoped the dog hadn’t seen him go into this room.
He heard a growl but didn’t peek around the side.  He sensed the dog calmly stepping in the room and looking around.  He tried to be as silent as possible.  After a few minutes he heard the dog wander off.  After staying put a couple minutes to make sure he was safe, he slowly rose to his feet.  The dog was gone, but possibly not very far.
He made his way to the exit and saw a button in the wall.  Knowing he maybe shouldn’t, he pressed it anyway.  A metal panel slid across the opening and sealed the room shut.  He felt safer that the dog wouldn’t be able to get to him if it wandered back, but he couldn’t see any other way out and didn’t know how long he could stand it in here.
So he decided to wait for about half an hour and then try to get back to the basement.  He backed up and leaned against one of the slabs.  What were they doing here and how could he possibly be experiencing all this?  Was this a vivid hallucination or had he been pulled through a portal to another reality?  He felt bad for not believing Jill.  He hoped he wouldn’t die that day.
Just when he thought he was safe, he heard footsteps approach and stop outside the door.  His heart froze.




Chapter Twenty-Three




Time dragged on as Jill sat on the bed and waited for someone to open the door.  Just when she thought she couldn’t take it any more, the door opened.  Jasmine stepped in looking mad.
“Guess what, Phylicia?  You got yourself fired.  Gary wants you to get out of here now,” she hissed.
“For stopping a murder?” Jill asked.
“Why don’t you mind your own business next time.  But don’t mind it here cause you’re gone,” Jasmine said.
Jill stepped passed her and felt chilled from the glare Jasmine was giving her.  She was about to go to her room but Jasmine shoved her in the direction of the stairs.  She went down the steps slowly.
Gary was at the bottom frowning.
“Have a nice life, Phylicia,” he said.
“What about my things?” Jill assumed Phylicia had to at least have clothes here.
“Someone will send them.  We don’t want you chasing away the other five,” Gary said.
Jill nodded and went outside.  Jasmine slammed the door behind her.  It was night time.  Jill expected to still be in the sixties, but she saw her and Frank’s car in the driveway.  Noises to her right made her turn her head.  Adam was having another party.  Several people were standing near his front door talking and drinking alcohol.  Jill was relieved to be back in her own time and around people.
“Hey!” she called, trying to get their attention.
All of them ignored her, like they hadn’t even heard.  She walked closer and shouted louder, “Hey guys!”
None of them paid her any notice.  Thinking them rude she walked across her front lawn.  She planned what in her mind she would say to them when she reached them.  None of them eyed her as she approached.  Jill was shocked when she bumped into something hard and solid and had to stop.
“What the?” Jill asked.
There was nothing but open space in front of her.  She tried to walk forward again and couldn’t.  It was like there was a glass wall separating the properties.  One you couldn’t even tell existed.  She held out her hands and they pressed against something solid.
“Oh no,” Jill groaned.  She hoped the same thing didn’t apply to the end of her driveway and Mabel’s side of the property.
She banged on the invisible wall and it made no sound.  Adam and his friends couldn’t even see her, obviously.  She felt helpless.  Ike was still playing tricks on her.
Just then the front door opened and Marilu stepped out.
“Phylcia!” she called.
Jill turned around and walked over to Marilu.
“I heard you have to leave,” she said sympathetically.
“Yes.”
“Well,” Marilu said.  “Before I forget I wanted to give you back your earrings.  I know they mean a lot to you.”
Marilu handed her two single pearl earrings.  Jill took them and rolled them in her hand with her thumb, then put them in her pocket.
“Thanks,” Jill said.
“So where are you going to go?” Marilu asked.
“Can I talk to you a minute?” Jill asked.
“Sure, I guess you can step inside a few moments so we can see each other,” Marilu said and went through the door.
Jill followed and they stood in the front hall.
“Um,” Jill fumbled for how to tell Marilu’s other half she didn’t belong here.
“Yes?” Marilu asked expectantly.
“How long have you been doing this?” Jill asked.
“A year or two,” Marilu said.
“Not over forty?” Jill asked.
“What are you talking about?”
“You’re not in your twenties any more.  You’re over sixty.  You’re trapped here but life has continued.  You need to get back with your real self.”
“What do you mean?”
“Is Ike just making repeat your prostitution days over and over?  Don’t you remember?  I’m not Phylicia.  My name is Jill Mulberry.  It’s 2005.  You’re currently in the Shady Brook Retirement Home,” Jill said desperately.
“Phylicia, look!” Marilu exclaimed.
“What?”
Marilu led her to a mirror in the hall.  Jill’s own face stared back at her.
“You just changed into someone else!” Marilu exclaimed.
“This is who I am.  I met your older self.  Why don’t you leave here?” Jill said.
“But,” Marilu looked upset.  “But Ike said I could be young and beautiful forever.”
“But you’re under his control.  He just wants to torment you,” Jill said.
“You said you’re name’s Jill?”
“That’s right.”
“Well why do you even care about me?  I’m happy,” Marilu said.
“Are you really?”
A tear came to Marilu’s eye.  “You’re right.  I’ve relived tonight with the army guys dozens of times.  And it was always the same, except for tonight.”
“Then why don’t you leave here?”
“How can I?”
“I don’t know,” Jill said.  “Just concentrate.”
Marilu looked like she was thinking.  And then all of a sudden a strange transformation took over her.  She aged a year by the second.  Soon Jill was looking at the Marilu she met in the retirement home.
Recognition was in Marilu’s eye.
“Thanks,” she said, and disappeared.
Jill was unsettled but felt good that she had helped reunite one soul.  Suddenly Jill heard a little rumble and the lights dimmed.
A voice echoed through the house, “You dirty cunt!  Take away one of my whores, will you?”
Before Jill could react she saw her surroundings change in a circular path.  She was still in her house but things were different.  It was daytime, as she could see light shining through the living room window.  Some of the furniture was different.  Jill thought it was rather ugly.  The door opened and the husband and wife from Jill’s Christmas dream came through the door.  They were each carrying two brown bags.
“Marcy, honey, can you get the rest of the bags?” the woman asked.
Jill looked around her expecting Marcy to appear.
“Marcy.  Get the bags!” the father ordered.
Jill realized he meant her.  Jill went to the door and freezing air greeted her.  It was wintertime and there was several inches of snow on the ground.  The car from Jill’s blizzard hallucination was in the driveway with the trunk open.  Had she went back in time for a minute that day?
Jill walked outside and over to the car.  Two paper bags full of groceries were in the trunk.  Jill grabbed them, shut the trunk and went inside.  On her way past a mirror, she glanced in it.  The pretty teenager from her dream stared back.  Jill sighed and carried the bags to the kitchen.
Marcy’s mother and father were unpacking their bags.  Jill started helping.  Just then the phone rang.  Jill noticed it was a rotary phone on a small table leaning against the wall.  Chester answered it.
Jill saw his expression become serious as he talked.  After a minute he slammed the phone down.
“Marcy, you have some explaining to do, young lady!” he bellowed.
“What?” Jill asked.
“That was your math teacher.  She said you cheated on your midterm!” Chester roared.
“No I didn’t!” Jill defended herself.
“She says she’ll show me proof.  You’ve now failed the semester and will have to work extra hard to bring up your final grade!”
“Goodness, Marcy.  Did you have to?” Marcy’s mother asked.
Jill didn’t know whether or not the real Marcy actually had cheated back in the seventies, but she didn’t want to be blamed.
“I didn’t,” Jill said, hoping Marcy really hadn’t.
“Get upstairs to your room.  You’re grounded until after New Years!” Chester yelled.
“But,” Jill stood there.  She hadn’t been grounded since she was fourteen.
“Go, honey,” Marcy’s mother said.
“And forget about going with us for a Christmas tree!” Chester screamed.
Jill knew she better comply so she left the kitchen.
“And forget about a nice present too!” Chester added with a yell.
How long before Chester murdered his daughter and wife was this?  In the dream, it had seemed to be Christmas Eve since Marcy was opening presents.  But Rebecca had just said it was around the holidays.  Chester seemed angry enough now.  What would happen if Jill couldn’t leave and Chester killed her?
Jill trudged up the stairs.  She didn’t know which room Marcy’s was.  She peeked in a couple and found it was the same one Jasmine had.  Jill went in to see some stuffed animals on the bed and typical teenager posters on the wall.  She sat on the edge of the bed, wondering what would happen next.  After a few minutes, she heard someone come up the stairs.
“Just so you don’t sneak out, you rotten kid,” Chester said approaching the doorway.
“What?”
Chester without another word, slammed the door closed and turned a lock.  Jill was trapped in here again!  She sighed.  She wished this living nightmare would end.  She was worried about Frank.  She still had no idea where he was.
When she started getting bored, she got up and looked around Marcy’s room.  She looked through some of her clothes.  There were a couple board games in the closet.  When Jill saw a small make-up mirror in the dresser she grabbed it and put it in her pocket.  She remembered Marisol’s spell to hold a mirror to a ghost and say a few lines.  If she saw Ike again, she would take away his powers.  Then maybe he wouldn’t be able to make her have these scenarios. 
Jill waited for a long time.  After at least an hour, the doorbell rang.  Jill jumped at the sound.  She wondered who was visiting Chester and his wife?  She had the urge to find out so she went over to the window.
She did a double take when she saw it was summer again and her car was parked outside.  A tow truck was at the edge of the driveway and a mechanic was downstairs.  Could it be Saturday afternoon already?
She hoped she was back in her own time so she rushed to the door and was dismayed to find it still locked.  The room still looked like Marcy’s.  The doorbell rang again.  If Jill could get the mechanic’s attention, maybe she could get out of here.
She had an idea.  She ran to the window and tried to open it.  It wouldn’t budge.  She saw the mechanic looking about himself waiting for someone to finally answer the door.  Jill screamed “Up here!” and hoped he heard.
He didn’t seem to have heard.  Jill banged on the window and screamed as loud as she could.  Her efforts were useless.  After a couple minutes, the mechanic wrote something on a clipboard he was holding and started to walk away.
“No!  Don’t go!” Jill screamed.
But the mechanic hadn’t heard a thing.  He thought no one was in the house.  Maybe he thought it was a phony call.  Jill sank to her knees.  How long would she be trapped in this other dimension or whatever it was.
She heard Chester and his wife’s voices approach.  An idea suddenly came to mind and she hid in the closet.
“We brought you a sandwich,” Marcy’s mother said as she opened the door.
“Where the hell is she?” Chester yelled when he didn’t see Marcy.
“How should I know?” Marcy’s mother asked.
“I can’t believe that brat got out!  She’s grounded till she’s eighteen!” Chester screamed and stormed out of the room.
Jill was glad he hadn’t checked the closet.  She waited till she heard her mother leave and then slid open the door.  She would make sure the hall was clear and then try to run outside.  Even if there was a glass wall preventing her from leaving the grounds, she would feel better outside.
She peeked in the hall and saw it was empty.  She tiptoed to the top of the staircase and then bolted down it and out the front door.  As soon as she took a few steps away from the house, she stopped.
Her lawn and cars were clear.  But the houses on both sides weren’t normal.  They had vivid unusual colors and pointy corners.  The street was covered in a fog and Jill could barely see through it.  Was this what Samantha was talking about?  Had she experienced something similar to what Jill was currently going through?
Jill took a couple steps forward and looked around.  She was thinking of a strategy when Ike appeared.  She froze for a moment but then he waved his hand.  Jill was about to reach for the mirror but an image of Frank tied to a slab of concrete appeared.  It was the size of a square movie screen and had fuzzy edges.
“Frank!” Jill screamed.
“Not so fast,” Ike screamed.
“Leave him alone!” Jill yelled.
“Oh I will.  With your permission.  But I have something to offer you instead!” Ike said and waved his hand again.
Hundreds of packs of hundred dollar bills appeared in a pile on the ground.
“You’re writing a novel, aren’t you Jill?” Ike sneered.
“So?”
“So what if I promised you millions of dollars in sales?” Ike teased.
“From you, no way!” 
“Oh, but think about it.  You can travel or do whatever you want.  You can be richer than your parents.  Don’t you want that?  All you have to do is say good-bye to your husband,” Ike said sadistically.
A large deadly blade appeared over Frank’s head.
“Think about it Jill!  Think of how he talked to you in the past week!  Aren’t you mad?” Ike said in a deep sinister voice.
“He probably was that way because of you!” Jill screamed.
“Oh, don’t be so sure.  Believe me, his eyes wander.  He’s getting tired of you.  You’re holding him down.  He could be out having fun, fooling around with beautiful women, but he’s stuck with you.  His feelings, not mine,” Ike said.
“You’re lying!” Jill refused to believe Ike.
“Am I?” Ike said.
Jill saw Frank struggle to break free.  She didn’t know if he could see her or not or where he really was, but she felt like running to his image and freeing him.
“I’m serious, Jill.  You can have millions.  You’re obviously very smart; you got Marilu and James away from me.  You can be renowned around the world,” Ike said.  “Just let your husband die.”
“I’ll never stoop to your level,” Jill said, wishing Ike would go away.
“Come on.  You’ll never go to jail.  No one will ever suspect you.  It’ll be fast and simple.  Frank dies.  And you get riches of your own.  Your parents will be so proud,” Ike said.
“Fuck you,” Jill said and reached for the mirror.
Ike roared in anger and dissolved before Jill could hold the mirror at him.  The images of Frank and the money subsequently disappeared.  Jill was left standing by herself in the back yard.
“This isn’t over!” she heard Ike say from somewhere unseen.
Jill felt chilled.  How would she stop Ike if he could disappear at any moment?  And was Frank really tied up somewhere?  In the image Ike showed her, he was on a concrete slab in a dungeon like room.  There was nowhere like that in the house.
Jill became afraid when the fog on the street starting moving forward.  She sensed if it reached her she would be lost in some kind of void.  So she turned and hurried back inside.  She could smell brownies cooking as soon as she entered.  Was someone here?
She walked to the kitchen and saw an elderly lady checking on brownies in the oven.
“Anna?” Jill said, sure that’s who it was.
The woman apparently didn’t see her.  The cat Timmy jumped up onto the island counter.  Jill realized the cat she took in for a day was a ghost.  She went over to pet it anyhow and it purred and rubbed against her hand.  Anna stood there unable to see Jill.
Jill didn’t know whether or not Anna had died peacefully.  Could her spirit have not been able to move on and be stuck in the house too?  Before she could find out, the sliding doors to the dining room opened and the beautiful Spanish lady Jill had previously seen eating a bagel stood there.
“Hey Karen, it’s time for lunch,” she said.
Jill knew she was supposed to be Karen now.  Jill turned around to look at the old lady but she was gone as well as the cat.  Jill silently entered the dining room.  One man and a middle aged African American woman were the only other people at the table.
Jill sat and the Spanish lady did also.
“Did you hear about Miss Stone?” the Spanish lady asked.
“What about her?” Jill asked, not knowing what the lady was referring to.
“She died, didn’t you hear.  It was in the paper.  And right in this house.  I was here that night,” the Spanish lady said.
“Such a shame.  I never met her but she sounded like a good woman.  And personally I like the name Henrietta,” the African American woman commented.
“They say she was drained of blood though there was none on the sheets,” the Spanish lady continued.
“I dreamt about her death,” Jill didn’t know why she said that.
“Really?” all three exclaimed.
“Yes, something cut her and threw her at the ceiling,” Jill told them.
“But that couldn’t really have happened, could it?” the African American woman said.
Jill didn’t know what the purpose of her being in the bed and breakfast was so she didn’t know how much she should tell them.  She didn’t believe the spirits of these three were also in the house.
“I don’t know.  Sometimes I hear noises at night.  This is my fourth time here and I’ve been scared sometimes.  But if it’s dangerous to be here, I might not come here any more,” the Spanish lady said.
“How could we be in danger unless there are dangerous people?” the African American woman asked.
“Maybe there’s a phantom and he killed Miss Stone,” the man suggested.
“Oh, Bob, please,” the African American woman said.
“There was another death here,” Jill told them what Nina told her.
“What?  When?” the African American woman said.
“A year ago maybe.  They say a guy drank antifreeze to kill himself but the bottle was downstairs and his body was upstairs,” Jill said.
Just then the doorbell rang.
“Could you get that, Karen?  The Thorntons left for a while,” the Spanish lady asked.
“Sure,” Jill said and excused herself.
She opened the door half expecting to be terrified of what was on the other side.  But when she opened it, no one was there.  She peered out into the front yard and there was no sign of anyone.  She shrugged her shoulders and closed the door.
As she walked back to the dining room, she got the sensation that something was wrong.  She couldn’t hear them talking for one thing.  Also, the sliding doors had been closed though she had left them open.  When she reached them and tried to open them, they were freezing cold.  They seemed to be stuck at first, but Jill did open them after a short struggle.
She almost screamed when she saw the room.  The room including the walls and ceiling was covered in ice.  The three guests were frozen in separate blocks of ice.  Jill felt a chill down to her spine.  She remembered being locked in the freezer and didn’t want to be cold again.
As she stepped back from the door.  Ice started forming along all the walls of the front hall and then the living rooms.  It moved too fast for Jill.  She ran for the door but ice formed around the opening making it stuck closed.
She knew it wasn’t real but she actually felt freezing.  She could see her breath.  She got the idea to run to the backyard but the game room and back doors were covered in sheets of ice and frost.
She tried to close her eyes and make things go back to normal but it didn’t work.  She heard maniacal laughter echo throughout the walls.  She paced around the house hoping moving would keep warm.  The cold got more and more unbearable.  It felt like it was below zero, worse than the freezer was.  She knew she couldn’t last much longer like this


Chapter Twenty-Four




Jill felt her skin getting chapped.  She felt like her heart was slowing down.  The ice continued to be there for what felt like half an hour.  When she thought she might freeze, Ike appeared.
“Poor Jill,” he grinned sadistically.
Jill knew if she went for the mirror he would disappear again.  So she had to distract him.
“Remember Staci Weesenheim?” Jill said, using what George told her.
Ike stopped grinning.  “Who told you about her?” he growled.
“A friend,” Jill replied.  “You liked her, didn’t you?”
“Shut up!” Ike screamed, obviously remembering a bad experience.
“And remember when you couldn’t continue a speech because you had to run to the bathroom,” Jill said.
“You better stop!” Ike said.
Jill used the time to whip out the mirror as fast as she could.  Ike looked frozen.  The mirror must be keeping him from disappearing, Jill thought.
“Put that away!” Ike ordered.
“No!” Jill said.  Then she started the spell.  “In the reflection, your ghostly form.  With this, you I must warn.  Till a whole night and day shall pass, that it will be, no power shall you have over me.”
“You deceitful tramp!  I’ll get you later” Ike screamed.
Jill felt the air change back to room temperature.  The ice and frost quickly disappeared all throughout the house.  Soon things seemed normal.  Jill put the mirror down and was thinking of what to do next when Ike vanished again.
Jill sighed.  She felt out of immediate danger.  But she still had to do something to get rid of Ike for good.  She was about to leave the room when James stepped into the living room.
“Jill?” he asked.
“James?”
“Yes, I uh wanted to let you know, because of you I can finally rest,” James said.
“Have you been trapped here the whole time?”
“Yeah, with the others.  I was tortured by that bastard Ike.”
“Where are the others?” Jill asked.
“Well you know that room at the far right of the upstairs hall?  There’s a secret panel.  Our real bodies are behind there.”
Jill felt chilled as she spoke.
James continued, “But our souls or images are chained up in a tunnel in the basement.  We just stand there forever often being whipped and beaten or scalded.  Sometimes I was let out only to repeat the night I came to this hellhole and got killed.  Each time, I knew what was going to happen in the back of my mind but I couldn’t get out of it.  I’ve been waiting for the afterlife for years.  Now I can finally go.”
“Can you help free the others?” Jill asked.
“I can’t.  Ike’s too powerful.  But if you defeated him and sent him where he belongs, the others would automatically be freed,” James said.
“I will.”
“Thanks,” James said as a light appeared over him.
It was like a spotlight was over his head.  Jill watched him slowly fade and soon she was alone again.  He was now at peace.  Jill had to decide whether to check the basement or upstairs.  After a moment, she chose the basement.  Maybe she could talk to the prisoners and find out something useful.
She nervously walked down the basement stairs.  To her surprise, there was an opening in the wall leading to the tunnel.  She expected the entrance to be opaque like the dream but that she would be able to walk right through it.
She cautiously approached.  It looked slightly different than her dream.  But the walls were still jagged stone like ancient caverns.  She walked down the tunnel and tried to be calm.  When she got to the split in the tunnel that Frank saw.  She didn’t know what to do.  Last time there had been a corner leading to a door.
Something told her to go to the right and she did.  After walking for a while she came to a door with symbols on it.  They looked like hieroglyphics.  She searched for a way to open the door and found a raised a symbol could be pushed in.
The door creaked and grinded as it recessed into the wall.  Jill stepped through and saw a chamber similar to the one in her dream.  Seven men were chained by hand and foot to the wall.  There was one pair of chains that was empty.  Maybe that’s where James had been.
Jill looked at the men and they looked at her.  Four of them were the same as from her dream.  Three of them were different.
“You’re not here to torture us, are you?” one of them asked weakly.
“No.  I’m here to help,” Jill said and quickly went over to see if she could open the locks on the chains.
As she was fumbling with them, she felt a presence behind her.  She turned to see Jasmine standing behind her with her eyes glowing red.
“What do you think you’re doing?” she hissed.
Jill stood there her heart beating a mile a minute.
“You’re not trying to let them escape, are you?” Jasmine asked furiously.
“Jasmine, why are you doing this?” Jill asked.
“Why?  How else would I spend eternity?” Jasmine said.
“Do you work for Ike?” Jill asked.
“Yes, of course.  He keeps me beautiful,” Jasmine said.
“They’re lovers,” one of the men told Jill.
“No one asked you to speak!” Jasmine yelled at him.
Jill quickly thought of what to say to get Jasmine to help.  She had no weapon to attack her or threaten her with and Jill didn’t know if Jasmine could also cause people to hallucinate.  She thought of an idea.
“Jasmine, is Ike faithful?” Jill asked.
“Yes, we’ll spend the rest of time together,” Jasmine said.
“He doesn’t love you.”
“What is love, anyway?” Jasmine shrugged her shoulders.
“No, I mean he had sex with all the other six prostitutes,” Jill lied and added when she saw the look on Jasmine’s face,  “Repeatedly.”
“Why should I believe that?” Jasmine said.
“Ike doesn’t care about you.  Help me defeat him,” Jill begged.
Jasmine laughed cruelly.  “Help you?  A nosy rich girl?”
“Ike’s using you,” Jill said.
“If I do help.  What will you do for me?” Jasmine asked.
“I’ll give you Frank,” Jill lied.  It was the only thing she could think of.
“Hmmm.  He is cute.  And he’d be easier to push around than Ike,” Jasmine looked thoughtful.
“Then do it.  Leave Ike.  You mean nothing to him,” Jill said.  Jill made up the additional statement, “He told me he was getting tired of you and thinking of torturing you for the rest of eternity.”
“What?!” Jasmine shrieked.
“It’s true.  Don’t help him anymore,” Jill said.
“If what you say is true, he can go back to the devil.  I won’t let him have his fun on Earth any more,” Jasmine hissed.
“Then let’s work together.  Where is he and how do I defeat him?”
“He sometimes stays in a room down the other passage.  There’s a device he sleeps on to rest and gain strength,” Jasmine stated.
“Is he there now?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Does water really hurt him?” Jill said.
“Yes, once he had to stay in his regenerator device for a month.”
“Then let me upstairs and I’ll fill a bucket of water,” Jill said.
“He’ll never let you throw it at him.  He’s too fast and smart.”
“Then we have to distract him.”
“You know, I can make images appear.  Not the whole room like he can, but I can make anyone see certain objects,” Jasmine said thoughtfully.
Jill suddenly remembered something.  “How about his dog?  And while he’s going to it, I’ll sneak up behind him and throw water on him.”
“Wow.  I wish I thought of that.”
“Can you do it?”
“Sure,” Jasmine said.
“Meet me upstairs,” Jill said and hurried past her.
Jill hoped Jasmine wasn’t only pretending to help.  But she rushed upstairs, found a bucket and filled it with water.  Then she went in the living room and yelled, “Jasmine.”
Jasmine appeared behind her.  “I’m ready,” she said.
The image of a cocker spaniel appeared sitting near the window.  He was panting happily and looked real enough to touch.  Jill waited for Ike to show up.
“Where is he?” Jill asked.
“Sssh,” Jasmine whispered.  Jasmine motioned for Jill to go out into the hall.
As soon as they were in the hall, Ike appeared in the room.  There was a gentle look on his face as he looked at the dog.
“Fido?” he called.
The dog barked softly at him.
Ike approached and Jill breathed a sigh of relief that he fell for it.
“Now,” Jasmine whispered.
They both stepped in behind him, Jill carrying the bucket.  Just as Ike touched the dog, Jasmine made it turn into a pile of bloody bones.
“Aaargh!” Ike screamed, dropping the bones.
Jill used the time to hurl the water at him.  It splashed against him and wet the rug.
“What did you do to me?” Ike screamed.
“Mean nothing to you, do I?” Jasmine screamed.
“You made a mistake,” Ike said uncomfortably.  Jill could tell he was in pain.
The expression on his face looked strained.  Jill wondered what was going to happen next when Ike disappeared, leaving only a wet carpet behind.
“He should be in the regenerator now,” Jasmine said.
“Thanks.  Now what’s the final step?” Jill asked.
“Figure it out, yourself.  You have a couple weeks,” Jasmine said and disappeared.
Jill was mad at Jasmine for abandoning her but she was evil too.  Jill thought of what to do about Frank.  She would never really give him to Jasmine.  She got the feeling she better get to him quick before Jasmine did.  But where was he?
Jill remembered the vision in the yard.  The walls looked just like the walls of the tunnel.  Maybe he was down the other passage.  She didn’t waste time to think as she ran back to the basement and through the tunnel.  This time she took the left.
Shortly she came to a door on her left.  Her heart jumped for joy when she saw Frank tied to a slab of concrete.  She rushed in and over to him.
“Frank!” she called.
He moaned groggily.
“Hold on a minute,” Jill said, looking for how to free him,
“Jill?” Frank groaned.
“Yes, I’m here,” Jill said as she found a catch the ropes were tied to.  She struggled to loosen it.  At first it was tough but she managed.  The rope across Frank’s chest slipped off.  There was still one across his legs and Jill went to that next.  That one was easier and came right undone.
Frank sat up.
“Jill, are you okay?” Frank asked.
“I will when this is over,” Jill said.  “Let’s go.”
Frank got up and followed Jill out the door.  She led him to the left and to the far end of the tunnel.  She entered a room with a dome shaped roof.  Ike was before her.  He appeared to be sleeping.  Frank and Jill approached nervously.
“Is that Ike?” Frank asked.
“Yep.”
“Is he sleeping?” 
“Something like that.  He’s not defeated yet,” Jill said.
“Well how are we going to?”
“I don’t know,” Jill replied.
Jill looked around the room and saw a mallet.  She remembered Ike’s bad ankle.  Impulsively, she grabbed the mallet and approached Ike’s body.
“What are you doing?” Frank asked.
“You’ll see,” Jill said, hoping it would work.  She slammed the mallet down with all on her force on her left, or Ike’s right ankle.
Ike’s eyes opened and he laughed.
“Stupid bitch.  That’s my right ankle,” Ike said.
Jill cursed herself and was about to go for Ike’s left ankle when he grabbed the mallet from her.  He was surprisingly strong.  He raised it up and was about to bring it down on Jill’s head.
Jill screamed, “Run!”
Frank and Jill took off down the hall.  Jill hoped Ike needed to be close to the machine to have powers.  They darted back to the basement and upstairs.
“Why’d you even do that?” Frank asked once they caught their breath.
“Ike’s left ankle is bad.  I thought it would do something.  But I hit the wrong one,” Jill said.
“Is he going to kill us now?” Frank asked.
“I don’t know.”
“I think we should get out of here.  I’m gonna call Larry to get us,” Frank said and went for the phone before Jill could stop him.
“Ghosts?” Larry questioned when Frank told him what was going on.
“Yes.  I think he’s mad and is about to do something.  We need to get away from the house until we can be prepared to stop him.  Can you please come quick and get us,” Frank begged.
“This sounds serious.  Well I’ll be right over,” Larry said and hung up.
“I guess now we just wait,” Frank said to Jill.
“Is it safer outside or in?” Jill asked.
“Let’s just stay here,” Frank suggested.
The wait for Larry seemed to take forever.  Frank and Jill stuck close by each other.  Finally, they heard his car pull up.  Jill would be glad to get away.  She planned on consulting an exorcist or someone who knew about the supernatural.
Larry knocked and Frank opened the door before he could knock twice.
“Hey,” Larry said.
“Come on.  We have to get out of here,” Frank said urgently.
“Wait a minute.  I want to see what’s going on,” Larry stepped through the door.
“I don’t know if it’s safe,” Frank said.
“We can talk about it in the car,” Jill wanted to leave the house as quickly as possible.
“Wait wait,” Larry stepped in fully and closed the door behind him.
“Larry,” Frank said disapprovingly.
“Sit down.  I want to talk first,” Larry said.
Frank and Jill trudged over to the couch in the living room.  They hoped whatever he had to say, he would be quick.  He probably didn’t even believe them, Jill thought.  Maybe he was going to tell them to stop making things up.
“So your house is really haunted?” Larry asked when Frank and Jill were settled.
“Yes, now we really should get going,” Frank said.
“Oh, I’ll be going, but without you,” Larry’s expression became serious.
“What?” Frank asked.
“You previously asked me if I knew anything about this place.  Well I did.  I actually made some calls and talked to some people to make sure you got it.  Francine bribes well,” Larry said with a smirk.
Jill was shocked.  She thought Larry was so nice.
“Why?” Frank asked.
“It serves you right.  And anyway did you really think you could get a house this large for as cheap as you did?  Unless there was something wrong with it.  I mean, New England real estate is cheaper than Manhattan, but come on!” Larry exclaimed.
“What did I ever do to you?   I thought you were my friend,” Frank said, astonished that he could be betrayed like this as well as have no clue what was really going on.
“I’ll tell you what you did,” Larry said calmly.  “Remember Laura Tomison in college?”
“Yeah,” Frank replied.
“You knew I was in love with her but you made a move anyway.  She went out with you for months.  I heard you made some remarks to her about me.  Suffice it to say she never went out with me,” Larry said.
A movement behind Larry caught Frank and Jill’s eye.  It was Ike slowly approaching.
“And you made vice-president even though you pledged the semester after me and I had done more for the fraternity.  I would have gotten that position if it wasn’t for you,” Larry said bitterly.
“Larry, it was a long time ago.  You hate me that much?” Frank asked.
“Let’s just say I hope the ghost kills you two.  It came to this point a lot quicker than I expected, too.  I’m pleased,” Larry said as Ike got closer and closer.  Frank sensed Ike was about to attack him.
“Larry look out,” Frank whispered.
“For me, I’ll be leaving you now.  Just thought you should know all this before you die,” Larry stood up.   Ike was less than a foot behind him and Larry didn’t know it.
“Look out!” Jill screamed, hoping to help Larry despite what he had just said.
It was too late.  Ike stepped right through Larry.  They occupied the same space for a minute.  Frank and Jill could barely make out the two forms.  Larry looked to be having the life sucked out of him and Ike looked pleased.
“Stop!” Jill yelled and started to get up.
“Don’t,” Frank ordered and grabbed her arm.
They watched Larry convulse for a minute while Ike was still inside of him and then Ike finally stepped out.  Larry shook for a minute and then fell over.
Ike was about to come after them when a woman’s scream pierced the air.  Ike looked affected by it and lost in thought momentarily.  Then he once again disappeared without a word.
Jill tried to calm herself.  “Is Larry dead?” she asked.
Frank jumped out of his seat and over to Larry.  He held his hand to Larry’s pulse.
“He’s alive.  But he looks to be unconscious,” Frank said grimly.
“We have to call for help!” Jill said.
Frank rushed to the phone.  When Jill heard screeching instead of a dial tone, she felt defeated.  Would they make it through the day?  She still didn’t know how to defeat Ike permanently.  She couldn’t fend him off much longer.  She was running out of things to do.
“What should we do?” Jill asked.
“I’m sure Mabel wouldn’t mind if we used her phone to call for help,” Frank said.
“Let’s try to go out again then,” Jill said.
They walked over to the front hall and tried to open the door but it was stuck.  Frank struggled with it for a few minutes but it wouldn’t open.
“Let’s try the back door,” Frank said and hurried off to the game room.
Jill was right behind him as Frank ran to the glass door and found that too wouldn’t open.
“Great!  What do we do now?” Jill asked.
“Stay calm.  Ike can’t keep us here forever.”
“I thought the spell Marisol gave me would take away all his powers.  But obviously not all,” Jill sighed.
“You didn’t really think that was all you needed, did you?” Frank asked.
“I guess not.”
“Where do you think he is right now?”
“I hope back in the regenerator,” Jill answered.
“Should we go see him?”
“Not until we know what to do,” Jill stated.
“I hope Larry will be okay till we get out of here.”
“I can’t believe he did that to us.  Aren’t you mad?” Jill asked.
“Yes, but I don’t want him dead,” Frank said.
Frank and Jill walked back to the living room.
Jill remembered something.  “You know those men who disappeared.  I saw some of them chained up in a tunnel in the basement.  And I was told their bodies are in a secret room upstairs.  I think if we free them Ike would be much weaker.”
“Then let’s go.  Do you know how to get to the secret room?” Frank asked.
“There’s a hidden panel in the room you put the exercise machines in but I don’t know how to open it.”
“Let’s try,” Frank said and hurried upstairs.  Jill was right behind him.
They entered the room and looked around.
“The house ends to the right and back so the only place it could be is to the left,” Frank said.
“Do you think there’s enough space between here and our bedroom?”
“Could be,” Frank said while feeling all along the wall.
Jill felt the wall too though something told her it was lower down.  She was right.  In the corner of the wall near the floor she felt something and pressed it.  A secret door whose outline had been undetectable opened.
“Woah,” Frank said.
“Let’s go in,” Jill said bravely.
They stepped into the room.  Jill kept herself from screaming.  Fourteen intact and undecayed bodies lay before them.  They looked to be in a deep sleep.  Jill recognized a couple of them from the photos.  James’ body wasn’t there but Jill saw a pile of dust next to one of the men.  Could that be James now that he moved on?
Jill touched one of them to see if she could get a response.  They felt dead.
“Were they alive downstairs?” Frank asked Jill.
“Uh-huh,” Jill replied.
“These guys?” 
“Seven of them,” Jill stated.
“You stay up here.  I’m going to go to the basement,” Frank said and hurried off before Jill could protest.
She looked at all the men and felt bad.  What did their family and friends think when they disappeared?  How badly was Ike torturing them?

Frank reached the basement to find the tunnel entrance still there.  He calmly walked through and this time went down the right passage.  He did a double take when he entered the room where seven of the men were chained.
“Who are you?” one of them fearfully asked.
“Jill’s husband.  I’m here to help,” Frank said.
“Be careful.  Ike could kill you,” the man replied.
“He already tried,” Frank said and went closer.
He examined their chains.  He couldn’t see any way of freeing them.
“How do I open these?” he asked them.
“There’s a key hidden in the wall.  Go to the desk and press a button in the bottom right drawer,” one of the men said.
Frank hurried over and found the button.  He pressed it and saw a panel open up across the room.  Just as he was about to go for it, Jasmine entered.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” she hissed.
Frank was ready to fight her.  “Get out of my way.”
“You silly boy.  You’re nothing compared to me,” Jasmine hissed.
“And you’re about to go to your grave,” Frank said bravely.
“Harsh words from a mortal,” Jasmine said and snapped her fingers.
A large tiger walked into the room.  At first Frank was afraid but then he remembered Jasmine could make people see things.
“That isn’t really there.  You’re making me see that,” he said.
“Do you really want to find out?  Then go for the key,” Jasmine taunted.
The tiger growled.  It looked like it wanted to rip Frank apart.  He looked to the men for suggestions.  One of them pointed to his neck.  Frank didn’t know what it meant but then noticed a necklace on Jasmine.  It was a simple chain with a glowing red stone attached.
“Jasmine, make the tiger go away,” Frank said calmly.
“Why should I?”
“I want to save you,” Frank said slowly approaching.
“Jill did say I could have you.  Are you ready to say goodbye to her?” Jasmine asked.
“Sure.  You’re much better looking than she is,” Frank said, hoping she’d buy it.
Jasmine thought a moment and then made the tiger disappear.  Frank sighed with relief.
“You already turned your back on Ike.  He’s probably extremely mad.  Let’s work together,” Frank said now less than a foot away.
“I never loved Ike anyway,” Jasmine said.
Frank went closer and kissed her.  Jasmine stood there for a moment and then kissed back.  She wrapped her arm around his shoulder and he went to do the same.  Without warning he grabbed the necklace and pulled it off forcefully, breaking the chain.
Jasmine pushed him away with surprising strength.
“You bastard!  You tricked me!” she shrieked.  Her hair was flowing wildly behind her.
“Had to,” Frank said.  “You didn’t think I’d leave my wife for you?”
Jasmine began to age at an extreme speed.  Soon she looked like she was over a hundred.  The necklace obviously kept her young and Frank had it.  She made a feeble attempt to come after him but her legs were too weak.
“Have fun in hell,” were Frank’s last words to her.
“Screw you,” she weakly blurted out in a raspy voice and then collapsed on the floor.
“She’s gone,” one of the men said with obviously relief.
Frank grabbed the key and started freeing the men.  They rubbed their arms after having them chained for so long.
“Thank you,” two of them said.
“So what now?  Can you guys go to a proper afterlife?” Frank asked once all seven of them were free.
“Yes, I believe so,” one of them said.
“There are only seven of you and I thought there were fifteen.  Where are the others?” Frank asked.
“Somewhere else.  We don’t know where,” one of the men said.
Slowly, the first man Frank freed started fading away until he was translucent.  Then the second and third followed and then the others.  They looked at rest.  Frank felt happy for them.  After a couple minutes, he was alone in the room.

Jill was trying different tactics to get the men to wake up.  Nothing was working.  She was waiting for Frank to come back and tell her what to do next, when one of the men started becoming wrinkled.  He looked like he was aging years by the second.  Then six more started the same thing.  Jill watched in horror as they turned into decayed corpses, then skeletons.  She backed up, unsure of what to do.  She wasn’t sure, but she thought she saw a mist rising into the air out of each of them.  Could that be their soul being freed?  Jill had only read about such things.  She hoped this meant Frank freed them and they were going to heaven.  The skeletons started decaying rapidly too and soon she was looking at eight piles of dust, including James.  But what about the other seven?  They hadn’t even started to decay.
She ran out of the room and went to find Frank.  The house was dark.  She realized it must be nighttime already.  She turned on some lights as she went downstairs.  It occurred to her that she hadn’t slept or eaten since Friday morning.  It would be early Sunday morning in several hours.  Jill didn’t feel the least bit tired or hungry however.
She crashed into Frank as she reached the bottom of the steps.
“Jasmine is gone,” he told her.
“Good.  And you freed the prisoners?” 
“Seven of them.  I don’t know where the others are,” Frank said.
“The bodies in that room turned into skeletons and then dust.  I guess that’s a good thing,” Jill said.
“Well they can’t go back to life on Earth after all these years.”
“I know,” Jill said.  “So what do we do now?”
“Let’s see if the phone’s working and the doors can open,” Frank suggested.
“I’ll check the door.  You check the phone,” Jill said and walked past him.
Frank hurried to the kitchen and found the phone was still making odd noises.  He couldn’t get a dial tone.  The front door was still locked and wouldn’t budge.  Jill was disappointed.  She walked to the kitchen to see Frank with a grim face.
“No luck,” he sighed.
“Same here.” Jill then noticed the white roses in the vases.  She thought about how to use them against Ike.  While thinking of ideas, she asked, “So how did you defeat Jasmine?”
“There was a necklace that she couldn’t live without,” Frank told her.
“Maybe Ike has something similar!” Jill exclaimed.
“But how would we get it off him.  I tricked Jasmine into kissing me to get hers.”
Jill looked at him in mock anger.  “Well I guess I can forgive you.  But seriously, did you notice anything on him?”
“You say he hates white roses?” Frank asked thoughtfully.
“That’s what I heard.”
“Well a dozen’s enough to surround him if he’s still in the regenerator.  Let’s put them in a circle around him and look closer.  Maybe it will at least keep him confined.”
“Good idea,” Jill said and grabbed the vase.
They hurried down to the basement and through the tunnel.  As they made they left, Jill prayed Ike would be there.  She was happy to find that he was.  His eyes were closed and he didn’t seem to notice them enter.
“Sssh,” she whispered and set the vase on the ground.  
Jill took out six roses and she motioned for Frank to take the other six.  They placed them in a circle all around Ike.  While Jill was putting them down, she looked at Ike’s body.  She couldn’t see anything on him like a stone that could be giving him strength.  When they were done they stood next to each other and looked at him.
“Should we wake him?” Frank whispered.
“I don’t think he’ll step over the roses so go ahead,” Jill said.
“Ike!  Wake the fuck up!” Frank yelled.
Ike’s eyes opened.  He looked angry.
“You two are going to pay.  Just wait,” he growled.
“We’ll see about that,” Frank said.
“You took half the prisoners from me as well as Jasmine but I’m not finished yet,” Ike said and began to get up.
He noticed the white roses and stopped.
“What are those doing there?” he yelled.
“Why do you hate them so much?” Jill asked, purposely trying to bring back a bad memory.
“Shut up, you witch!” Ike hissed and turned around to go the other way.  He saw roses were all around him.
Frank pointed to something on the back of Ike’s neck.  It looked like a blue jewel stuck there.
“No!” Ike screamed when he saw he realized he was cornered.
“What’s the matter?  Not so strong now, huh?” Frank said.
“I wish you two never moved here.  I was doing fine when the house was empty.  I had my prisoners.  I had Jasmine,” Ike hissed.
“My heart breaks,” Frank said boldly and slowly stepped around to Ike’s other side.  Jill stayed where she was.
“Roses aren’t going to kill me, you fools.  I’ll just wait.  If I have to wait months or even a year, I’ll get you two then.  You can’t protect yourselves from me forever,” Ike growled.
“We’ll see about that,” Frank said and lunged for Ike’s neck.
Jill hit him in his left ankle, this time getting the correct one.  He was momentarily distracted by pain and Frank used the opportunity to rip the jewel off his neck.  He looked suddenly helpless and Jill knew they had won.
“No!  No!” he screamed.
Frank put the jewel in his pocket and went over to Jill.  They watched him convulse and distort.  His ghostly body became blurry and took on an inhuman form.  Then he burst into flame.  The flames made shadows that flickered and danced on the walls.  The flames consumed him and soon Frank and Jill were alone.
“Is it over?  Can we rest?” Jill hugged Frank.
He kissed her.  “I think so.”
They watched the remnants of the flames die out and then slowly went back to the basement.  As soon as they stepped out of the tunnel, it disappeared and turned back into a solid wall.  Frank touched it.  There was no sign there had been an opening.
“So are the other men taken care of?” Jill asked.
“The other prisoners, you mean?”
“Yes.”
“I hope so.  Ike’s gone, isn’t he?” Frank asked.
They hugged quickly and then walked upstairs.  As Jill passed the clock she saw it was almost five in the morning on Sunday.  Had that much time really passed?  Ike must have sped things up and played tricks with time.
Larry was still on the floor unconscious.  Frank checked again to make sure he wasn’t dead.
“He looks like he’ll be okay.  He must be in shock,” Frank stated as he took his hand off Larry’s pulse.
“Well let’s see if the phone works so we can call an ambulance,” Jill said.
Frank hurried over to the phone and was thankful to hear the dial tone.  He dialed the emergency number and told them to send over an ambulance right away.  He put the phone down and sighed.
“What are we going to tell people?” he asked.
“Make something up,” Jill sighed.
“We haven’t eaten in two days, have we?” Frank asked.
“I guess not.  I’ll make something,” Jill said and went for the refrigerator.
Just then a loud scream pierced the air.  Frank and Jill froze.  A large deformed image of Ike rose up through the floor.
“No!” Jill screamed.  She thought it was over.
Frank prepared for the worst.  Ike with brute strength and without warning tipped over the refrigerator.  It was too late for Frank to get out of the way.  It fell on his lower half and knocked him down.
“FRANK!” Jill screamed.
She didn’t know whether to go after Ike or help Frank.  But before she could decide, little black spirits surrounded Ike.  They looked like little devils.  They seemed to tie him up and drag him back down through the floor.
Ike wailed and sounded in pain.  The black demons dragged him through the floor and he was gone.  Jill turned her attention back to Frank.  He was practically in tears and trying to push the refrigerator off him.
“Jill, help!” he cried.
Jill didn’t know how she would be able to lift it.  She put her arms under and pushed with all her strength.  Frank looked desperate.  He probably had at least one broken leg, Jill assumed.  Suddenly she didn’t know what came over her, but she felt as strong as ten body builders.  She managed to lift the refrigerator a few inches and help Frank get free.  She dropped it back down with a crash.
“My legs!  I can’t move them!” Frank cried.
“Oh my god!  The ambulance is coming,” Jill put her arms around him.  She could tell he was in excruciating pain.
“Jill, I can’t get up,” Frank cried, while struggling to move his lower half.
“Relax.  I’ll stay with you in the hospital,” Jill tried to comfort him, though she knew a hug wouldn’t stop the pain.
Frank grimaced and tried to stay calm.
“So I guess it’s finally over,” Frank said.
“I still want to move,” Jill said, suddenly hating everything about the house.  If Frank died, she didn’t know what she would do.
Frank touched her gently.  “Sure,” he said.
The sun rose and slowly brightened the room.  It was going to be a beautiful summer Sunday.  Jill heard the welcome sound of ambulance sirens approach.  With Frank and Larry treated and Ike gone, her nightmare would be over.  The sirens got closer and closer.  Jill hugged Frank and waited for help to enter.




Epilogue




One year later…..

Jill stepped into her Florida home.  After two scares involving cold and ice, Jill dreaded another winter.  She had convinced Frank to move to a warmer climate.  Their new house didn’t have as many bedrooms as the one they came from but it had more land.  Jill liked it and loved the palm trees everywhere.  There hadn’t been a hint of a haunting in over six months of living here.
Jill had finished her novel within a couple a months of defeating Ike.  She had found a publisher who was enthusiastic about printing it and gave her a ten thousand dollar advance.  Who her father was certainly helped.  The novel was about a haunted house too, though in hers it was done by a real person.  She didn’t want to write about real ghosts after what she had been through but some of the things that happened to her happened to her main character like finding the milk left out.
Her book had just hit stores.  She was thankful to only wait six months for publication instead of a year like many people.  Today she had invited a whole group of people including her family to her house to celebrate and have a book signing.
Becky was visiting for a week.  She had just arrived that morning.  Unfortunately, Larry had fell into a coma and made no progress for the past year so Becky had to put off her wedding.  She was having a drink in the kitchen as Jill entered.
“Hi, why aren’t you out with the others?” Jill asked.
“I don’t know.  You and Frank are the only people I know, I feel funny,” Becky said.
“Don’t,” Jill said.
“I’m sorry for what Larry did to you guys.  If I had known, I would have talked some sense into him,” Becky said.
“You really did know about our house though?” Jill asked.
“Yes, but I didn’t think you were in danger or that Larry arranged for you to get it,” Becky said.
“Don’t worry about it,” Jill said.
Frank wandered in on crutches.  The refrigerator had shattered one knee and done some nerve damage to both legs.  The doctor said he was lucky to not be paralyzed.  He had been in a wheelchair for eight months and was just slowly regaining control of his legs.
“Hi, Frank,” Becky said frowning.  “How are you doing?”
“Better than six months ago.  The doctor thinks I’ll be able to walk normally within a year,” Frank said.
Jill could tell he was still in pain.  He had been on painkillers ever since his discharge from the hospital.  She had been so worried he would never walk again, she was thankful he could at least use crutches now.
Frank limped over to a chair and sat.
“Ready to give your speech?” he asked Jill.
“I guess so.  I shouldn’t be nervous.  I know almost all the people here,” Jill said.
Just then the phone rang.  Jill answered it.  It was for Becky.
“Really?” Becky asked and stood up to get the phone.
Jill saw her become upset and start to cry silently at something the person said.
“Yes, thank you,” Becky said and put the phone down.
“Who was that?” Jill asked.
“Larry just died,” Becky sobbed.
“I’m so sorry,” Jill said and put her arm around her.
Becky leaned against her.  “I know.  The doctors said he probably wouldn’t pull out of it.  But I still hoped, you know?  Now it’s over.”
“You’ll be fine.  You’re strong,” Jill said.  She could tell Frank looked sad too.  They had after all been friends in college.
“I hope this isn’t a punishment for what he did to you guys,” Becky said wiping tears from her cheeks.
“Who knows why things happen,” Jill said.
Just then, Jill’s mother walked in.
“Jill, everyone’s ready.  Why don’t you come out?” she said pleasantly.
Frank struggled to get back up.  Jill helped him go outside.
“Good luck,” he whispered to her.
Becky and Frank took their seats and Jill walked up to a microphone.  Jill’s father had gotten some journalists from local papers to be there too to help promote Jill’s book.    
Jill didn’t know what adventures the coming years would bring, but she hoped none would be as dangerous as the one of the year before.  She was glad they both made it out alive.  She looked forward to growing old with Frank and starting the career she always wanted.  The crowd waited intently for her to talk about her novel and her writing ambition.  They were proud of her.  Jill took a deep breath and began her speech.




