Luke fights suffering from a curse of being a werewolf. The curse is created by his brother Mark shooting a wolf dead. Luke fights to regain his life in the 1970s of Connecticut while struggling to put up with his werewolf ability. The curse transfers to teens Michael, Sam and Tina in the year of 2000. They learn to live as werewolves despite cursed themselves.

A Tale of a Wolf's Revenge
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2012
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One

One morning in as the sun shined on a forest with a violet forlorn house overlooking it in Port Monaco, Connecticut.  Inside on the second floor, a shade opened revealing a man with long black hair, tan brown skin and a muscular physique. Luke Morgan in his twenty four years stood watching the forest from his room on the second floor of the house. His room was consisted of brown furniture out of wood, a dresser and a bed with a closet with no doors. The closet had an array of clothing on the hangers and a dresser in the closet. The walls of the room were painted a tan brown. The closet was covered by a design of a wolf on a blanket. On the bed was a woven colorful rug. Sighing Luke pulled on a black sweat pants, and a v-neck white t-shirt and over that a black sweat shirt. He pulled his long hair back in a braid of his ancestry. He left his room with the number two on the door. The wall paper was peeling and one peeled away from the wall on his way. Grumbling Luke grabbed it and gave a yank. It came apart from the wall. On the stairs was a mess of wallpaper that Luke kicked as he walked down the stairs to as he passed by the library loft to the huge living room with a small black and white TV. The room had a fireplace and engulfed part of the house. In the blue kitchen, his twin brother younger by minutes, Mark Morgan with short black hair that was a little spiked was there drinking a protein drink and reading the newspaper dated May 1977.  He was wearing a black tie and a blue suit with a white shirt under it. 
 "Morning Mark, What are you doing up this early?" asked Luke.  
Mark looked up and spoke "Morning Luke I have some business appointment with clients today."  Luke said "oh", 
Then he paused and asked "Are you doing any thing today?"  
Mark answered "No besides clients, why?"  
Luke shrugged and said "I was hoping we could spent sometime with our girl friends and exchange them”' 
Luke meant Serena Shaw he met while working out at the gym a few weeks ago. Luke remembered their meeting. He was on a weight machine when a woman wearing a sleeveless leotard in black with a cleavage and seemly fake blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. 
She sauntered up to him saying “Nice muscles”
Luke stared at her and spoke “Thanks.”
She pulled out a card from her cleavage and handed it to him. On it were a nude picture of the woman and the words
Serena Shaw 
Model
Luke sighed as she spoke “Pleasant hearing from you World champion Luke Morgan” 
Then she walked away. Luke looked on the back and could see her phone number. He groaned remembering some photographer took their picture. He recalled seeing photos of him and this Serena together as boyfriend and girlfriend when in reality it was a set up of Serena and a look alike. As for Mark, Luke recalled his brother telling him how he met Ariana Nicholas from one of his clients’ parties he went to a few weeks ago.
 Mark told him “I went to a party for the Modeling agency President Joanna Briny’s house with all those models there. They were doing acts that you only see in nasty sex magazines when a woman with a body builder’s like arms came up to me. She was deaf from her monotone accent and the way she talked. She was wearing a purple dress with cleavage. She pulled out a card from her cleavage that said Ariana Nicholas, Model. With a nude picture of her and then she proceeded to tell everyone in the room that we were an item. I’ve seen pictures of me with her that seemed faked and set up with a look alike.”
Both men groaned. Mark thought for a minute and spoke "Maybe, but I'm busy,"  
Luke rolled his eyes and told him, "Serena complains we been spending no time together. She claimed that I’m neglecting her."  
Mark stared at his twin and said "Crazy Ariana has been asking me when we could spent sometime together too"  
Luke went to the refrigerator and got his protein drink and said "Maybe we'll spend sometime together in the afternoon, you can bring Ariana.  I'll bring Serena. And we can exchange them" while looking at Mark. 
Mark sighed and spoke "That sounds good." 
Both brothers sat at the table drinking their breakfast in silence. 

Mark let the kitchen went through the hallway to the living room and went out the front door with a bang.  Luke went to the TV room, got his bag and left the same way Mark left. He locked the door and went to his car and drove to the gym he owned. 

The rest of the morning went slowly as Mark sat in his office bored with nothing to do, in silence.  
Then it was shattered by a woman's high heels thumping on the styled rug over the floor of the linoleum floor followed by his secretary Annette protesting “No you can’t come in here. Mr. Morgan is busy.”
Mark looked up and waved Annette away. He looked at the woman who was a long blond hair that seemed fake with blue eyes and a body with curves in her white skirt and a trim fitting top that showed cleavage she was wearing. Mark felt himself getting hard and he took a drink of water nearby him and looked at her as she angrily threw down papers on his desk and glared at him. 
Mark stared shocked then said "What can I do for you, Miss uhf-“ 
She interrupted him by saying "Serena Shaw! I demand to know why the Vanders man magazine canceled my photo shoot abruptly!" 
She was practically yelling in his face. “I was supposed to do a photo shoot for the Vanders man magazine and they cancelled, jerk!”  
Mark frowned and wondered why his brother didn’t see Serena attractive. Any man would see her attractive and worthy in bed. 
He sat and waited for her to calm down then he said "Calm down Miss Shaw I'll get on the matter right away." 
She glared and said rudely "Fine!" 
She watched him as he made calls on his phone, she stared at him. 
Reaching the Vanders’ Representative he spoke “I have Serena Shaw in my office demanding to know why her photo shoot with the Vanders man magazine was cancelled.” 
He heard the Vanders representative Anna speaking “Some things in her resume weren’t truthful with her doctor’s physical. It seemed that she neglected to mention something like breast implants and fake hair.”  
Mark began to notice she was staring at him.  He looked up as she looked away.  
Mark spoke “Oh anything else?”
He heard Anna’s reply. 
Finally he hang up and spoke "Miss Serena Shaw, it seems the Vanders have canceled your photo shoot due to things not checking out on your resume and your doctor’s physical. As a result they have replaced you with a woman named Ariana Nicholas."  
Serena stared and shouted "What!" 
Then she paced in his office grumbling out loud “I ought to sue them for that bit.” 
She stormed away and he could hear her outside his office yelling at his secretary, demanding a phone call and a lawyer. 

Luke's day was different from Mark's day.  Luke entered the gym he owned from his winnings as a former World boxing Champion. He saw Xavier Jorgas who smiled that smile which made Luke groan for Xavier was forever trying to set up dates with Luke and a woman. Xavier pointed to a woman with cleavage and bodybuilder like arms who was wearing purple bike pants and a purple sports top. Her arm muscles bulged as her chest heaved from pulling up two large sized dumbbells in both hands.  Luke went toward the men’s locker room to his office where he changed in a gray tank top shirt and black bike shorts.  Then he went out to stretch his limbering himself.  Then he picked up dumbbells and was pulling them up and down with his arms. While he was doing that he noticed the girl was doing tumbling poses on the mats in the back of the gym in front of the mirrors. Twice he caught her staring at him through the mirrors and her giggling. 
Luke satisfied that he had enough walked over towards the girl with his towel in hand; he spoke "Hello."  
Startled she looked up and said "What?" in a monotone voice which Luke recognized that she was deaf.   
Luke repeated what he said again.  
The girl introduced herself, "I'm Ariana Nicholas and I'm deaf."  
Luke felt himself getting hard from looking at her and he wondered why his brother Mark didn’t see her attractive at all. 
Luke said "I'm Luke Morgan." 
She stared and said "Is boring Mark Morgan a relative of you?"  
And added "Mark Morgan was my boyfriend but he’s not handsome compared to you"  
Luke smiled and said "Mark Morgan is my twin brother."
 "Oh" she smiled and said "Sorry I called your brother boring” 
Luke asked “That’s okay. Want help with some weights?”
Ariana replied “Yeah, I could use the help.”  
Luke enjoyed the fun of helping Ariana with weightlifting. He noticed that her workout clothes hugged her womanly curves.  
 Her hair brunette hair was put in a pony tail.  He helped her with some weights till it was lunch time then she kissed him on the cheek and touched him thru the shorts, where no woman had touched him before with a squeeze then she went to the woman’s locker room and came out wearing jeans and a T-shirt. She waved bye and left the gym. Luke stood where he was with a towel in his hand and heard Xavier’s chuckling laugh. He shot him a glare and went to the showers to cool off and clear his mind. 

Chapter two 

At home after an eight hour day’s work at the Briny modeling agency, Mark changed out of his suit into a pair of shorts and a T-shirt in his bedroom numbered three, which was upstairs on the second floor with the other numbered bedrooms.  A car came in the driveway in it was a grumbling Luke and Serena Shaw.  
She walked in and saw Mark and said rudely "So it's you at the office this morning."  
Mark stared and said "So?" 
His question never got an answer when Luke came in.  
He looked around and asked Mark "Where's Ariana Nicholas?"  
Serena stared and looked at Mark and yelled "What!  Ariana Nicholas is your girlfriend!  I ought to slap you, jerk!"  
As a blue car came in the drive way Ariana Nicholas came out and slammed the passenger car door shut and went inside to the TV room as the car went away.  
A furious Serena saw her and yelled "You Bitch! How dare you take away my photo job!"  
Ariana shocked said nothing ran upstairs with a look Luke recognized as crying.  
Mark glared and said "Damn you Serena! You hurt her feelings! She's deaf! Serena!!"  
Serena said "Deaf?  Mark we’re going to have to talk alone!!"  
And she headed toward the dining room, with Mark trailing her.  Luke rolled his eyes and went upstairs to his room to change. He found Ariana laughing in his room. Tears were streaming down her face and she was smiling. Seeing Luke she abruptly frowned. 
Luke spoke “I found it funny too.” 
He went and grabbed his bathing suit shorts from the drawer and found Ariana looking out the window with his back to him. He dropped his pants and underwear as she turned around to say something. He saw her looking at him and turned his back to hide. He heard her giggling as she opened the window and looked out. Luke put on the bathing suit shorts. He looked to see her chest as she changed into her bikini bathing suit. Luke was surprised to see that her chest looked real. He saw her leave without a look at him but he heard her giggling.

Serena and Mark were busy kissing in the dining room with Mark having his hands on her chest when unheard Ariana came in and saw them then she ran out towards the back door through the kitchen. Ariana walked towards the pool area. She was wearing a blue bikini. Luke was already there.  
She said "Hi Luke. I hope you mind me for telling you this, I just saw Serena and Mark in the living room kissing and you should see where his hands are."  
Luke groaned and spoke “Ugh what does he see in that girl who’s hair is fake and her boobs I bet are fake too"
He saw Ariana glaring at him. 
“What?” he asked
She replied “Do you think I got this way but the hair is real?” sweeping her long brunette hair down it fell nearly covering her back. Luke gulped. 

Serena came to the pool area wearing a gold string bikini.  Mark trailed her with snacks and refreshments on a tray.
"Hello Luke" said Serena. 
Luke returned the greeting with sarcasm “Hello Serena.”
Mark came and put the refreshments and snacks on a table and walked to join them.
"So Mark what were you and Serena doing in the dining room kissing?" said Ariana laughingly.  
Serena looked at her at shocked, and asked Luke "Do you believe what she's babbling about?"  
Luke stared and said "Duh"  
Serena rolled her eyes and said "Idiot." 
Mark told Ariana with her lip reading "Me and Serena kissing? Please! Man your nuts!" 
Angrily Ariana cannonball into the water splashing Mark in his swim trunks.  
Luke yelled "Mark! Do you mind!!  We’re supposed to have fun!! Not to be mad at each other!!" 
And he dived in the pool. 

Nobody had fun except Luke.  He enjoyed having Ariana teach him some diving tricks.  Serena and Mark sulked.  Bored the four sat in different chairs at different tables.  For a while they sat. 
Then Luke got up and spoke "I'm going inside then I'm going hiking to Brittany's cabin.  Anybody is welcome to come along” 
While noticing Ariana’s questioningly glare he added “She’s my older sister by two years.”   
Ariana sigh and said "I'll go with you. I like to meet your sister."  
Mark spoke "I'm staying."  
Serena gave the same answer.  Luke and Ariana went in and changed in different bedrooms. When Ariana came downstairs Luke was waiting for her.  Both were dressed in sweatshirts, sweat pants and sneakers left the house by the back door. 
"Mark! Were off" Luke yelled at the pool area. 
 He heard an "OK!" and they both started walking with Luke in the lead with Ariana behind him. 

But for Mark and Serena they waited till they couldn't see them any more.  Then they jumped in the pool and kissed together in the middle.  
Serena said "I'm glad I met you. Luke was being a total bore. He wasn’t good in bed. "  
Mark agreed and said "Ariana was a boring girlfriend and is not very pretty as you." 
Saying this they both kissed again.
 
Chapter three

After a while of walking Luke and Ariana both sat on a rock to enjoy the view.  Suddenly Ariana gave a shout "Luke! Look! There's something white lying over there!"  
Luke was startled, looked over and said "Your right there's something over there."  
While talking to her so she could lip‑read.  Luke got off the rock and went to inspect the thing she saw. He waved her to come.  
Ariana got off the rock and asked him "What is it?" when she saw what appeared to be a dog but at closer inspection it was a white wolf lying there bleeding. 
 He looked up and said "It's a wolf and it's barely alive."  
Ariana shivered "oh my god How are suppose to help it?"  
She paused and said "There's no one around."  
Another voice spoke "You forgot me." 
Luke looked at the direction of the voice came from and was surprised to see Brittany his older sister by two years stood there.  Ariana looked and saw Brittany a woman with black hair wearing green army pants and a green army sweatshirt top and said "Are you Brittany?"  
Brittany recognized Luke’s hand signal of that she was deaf faced her and said "Yes” 
Then she looked at the wolf, she added in a rush "We better take that wolf to my cabin. It looks like its shot." 
 
Together the three of them managed to lift the wolf up and carried it to Brittany's cabin but it was too late the wolf died. The cabin to Ariana’s surprise was made out of rocks and wood and it had a tree growing out of the one side on top of it. Brittany’s cabin looked like it was a big hill growing out of the ground. There was ivy covering the windows. 
Brittany at the cabin awning said to Luke and Ariana "That wolf just died must have been shot by a poacher. I saw bullet wounds on him."  
Sadly the three of them buried the wolf.  Luke and Ariana walked back towards home.

Serena and Mark were preparing a cook out on the grill in the backyard when Luke and Ariana walked out of the forest.  
Serena saw them and said "It's a good thing your here.  We prepared food on the grill. Do you want some?" 
Luke said "No thanks I'm not hungry." 
Ariana said the same thing.  
"Oh come on and eat” said Mark who came out of the house with four drinks on a tray which he set down on the table.  
Luke spoke "Ariana found a wolf lying in the grass in the forest barely alive. Brittany came along. And we took it to her cabin, where it died dead from poachers".  
Luke noticed that Mark wasn’t surprised about this and seemed glaring. 
Mark spoke "Wolves have begun to be a problem around here in Port Monaco." 
Serena said "Let's hope they won't bother us." 

When the grill was put away and the dishes in the cupboards, Ariana and Serena went to their rooms in the house. Luke mouthed to Ariana to go to his room.  Mark was in the big living room adjusting the TV but Luke was outside in the dark watching the stars come out a habit he enjoyed. He was enjoying the darkness and its beauty while sitting in a chair. He fell asleep as in a trance. In it he was in a forest full of snow. He could feel some heat coming from his feet to the tips of his head. 
A white wolf met him and stood speaking to Luke "Thank you for finding me and burying my body when I was dead." 
Luke spoke questionably "Who are you? What are you thanking me for? I just buried a dead wolf, this afternoon with my sister and girlfriend."  
The wolf said "The dead wolf, you and the girls buried was me. I am the spirit of the wolf you and Ariana found, Luke."  
Luke wondering said “What do you want?"  
The voice of the wolf said "I want nothing from you but to tell you this."  
It trailed off and started again. "Before you and your brother were born. I told your mother Cheyenne that her sons will bring trouble, for one will be one of us and the other dead cause of evil."  
Shocked Luke said “Whoa!"
 The wolf told him "As I tell you this you and the girl Ariana in time will be my revenge for I have chosen you to avenge my death because of the shooting." 
Luke said "But why?”  
The wolf said "In time you'll know and so will Ariana, but your sister Brittany will know when it comes to you."  
Saying this, dream faded away and Luke heard Mark from inside yelling "Luke! Are you going to stay out there all night?" 
Luke looked at his brother glaring at the back door and said "All right I'm coming." 
He went inside to his bedroom where Ariana lay sleeping away. She didn’t stir as he got into the bed. 

Then during the night Luke lay wondering what the Wolf spirit was talking about.  Finally he went to sleep, wrapping his arms around Ariana. 
Next to him Ariana was asleep, but in her mind she was dreaming of being in a snowy forest and saw a white wolf who spoke to her understanding every word "Thank you for finding my body and burying my body." 
Ariana thought "Is there something I should do for you in return?" 
The spirit said "No, Luke will avenge my death as you will too. For you will know why when the time comes."  
Ariana asked "Shall I tell him you spoke to me?"  
The spirit said "You'll tell only Luke and Brittany for she will know the reason why when the time comes and she'll tell you and Luke. Good bye"  
And the spirit of the wolf let her mind. Ariana lay awake wondering if it was a dream but she had a feeling that it wasn't and went back to sleep cuddled in Luke’s arms.

Chapter Four

Morning came and Luke got up and left a sleeping Ariana next to him. He changed clothes and went downstairs through the dining room and entered the kitchen.  Nobody was in sight.  Luke looked around and spied a note taped to the phone. He walked over to the phone and he read it.  It was from Mark and Serena. They were out at a country club to spend the day.  Luke instead of eating he sat down and recalled what happened last night. He was still wondering when Ariana dressed in sweats like Luke came in the kitchen startling him. 
Ariana spoke "Good morning Luke I'm going to Brittany's. Would you show me the way or you like to come along?"  
Luke startled said "I'm coming hold your horses."  
He followed Ariana out of the house. He made sure he locked the door and he had the key with him. Then they were on their way to Brittany's cabin.

Walking thought the woods they found Brittany inspecting a young tree.  
Luke said "Hello Brittany, How are you? And what's up?" 
Brittany looked and said "Why it's my brother and his girlfriend Ariana."   
Brittany added noticing their glum faces "Oh well what you two are here for? Not a lectures on nature?"  
Ariana spoke "I wanted to ask you about a spirit of a wolf belonging to the wolf we found yesterday."   
Shocked Luke said "That's the same reason why I wanted to come here.  Crazy, last night I had a dream of a wolf claiming to be the spirit of the wolf we just buried yesterday."   
Brittany spoke seriously "We've better talk about this back at my cabin."

They walked through the woods in silence. Ariana was surprised to see the inside of the cabin was a bit on the large size. Inside was a living room with a loft that appeared to be a bedroom and a kitchen unit complete with a radio set on the table, in the living room. There was a corner bathroom in the corner with the door to the bathroom open. As they sat in her cabin in the chairs Brittany prepared drinks of fresh coffee.  When they had settled down, both Luke and Ariana told Brittany of their encounters with a wolf spirit.  
Brittany said "I don't understand or what the wolf spirit was talking about.  But I think it has some thing to do with what Mother told us.  Isn't it? " 
Luke said "Wait a minute, Mother told us of her story of her encounter with a wolf spirit. She said it was true but Mark didn't believe a word. "  
Brittany sigh and said "Luke, remember what Mother said to the two of us before she died?"  
Luke answered "Yes"  
Ariana being confused put in "Would you to mind telling me the whole story of you and what happened to your parents?" 
Both Brittany and Luke exchanged a look but Brittany said “I'll tell the story Luke. When we were young around barely teenagers ourselves, Mother used to tell the three of us the spirit of the wolf story also involving skin walkers. People who could change their forms to Wolf from Human and back like changing skin. I and Luke believe the story but Mark who was like father didn't believe it at all. She told us about people having an ability to change into a wolf like a shape shifter called a skin walker.  She told us that because she believes we were skin walkers."  
She paused then spoke "About five years later we were at a lady’s house in town Port Monaco. Our parents were coming to pick us up but they never got there.  The lady, Raya Ioniel got a phone call from a friend who said both our parents were in a car accident caused of a driver avoiding a wolf on the road. Father was hurt paralyzed from waist down but Mother was badly hurt. " 
She stopped speaking suddenly as it was pain full to go on so Luke finished for her "We went to the hospital where our parents were. Mom was lying on a bed all covered up in with tubes and bandages that you couldn't recognize her.  She asked to speak to the three of us alone.  She told us she has seen the wolf spirit. She told Brittany to remain faithful to the forest." 
Brittany put in. "She told Luke to be faithful to the forest or the Darkness will use him for evil. But when it was Mark's turn she said you'll die a shameful death but you won't be alone for the one you marry will die with you."  
Brittany stopped and buried her face in her hands. 
Luke said "Death took her but her last words were bewaring the Darkness! Beware the Darkness will bring death!"  
Ariana frowned and asked “What happened to your father?”
Both Brittany and Luke exchanged a sad look and Luke spoke “He’s in a nursing home gone mentally ill. He still mourns our mother Cheyenne.”  

A car came in the drive of the Morgan mansion home. It was Mark and Serena. They went inside, nobody was there waiting but a note on the kitchen table. Mark picked it up and read it out loud to Serena. 

"Mark we're at Brittany's might be staying over night.  See you in the morning, Luke and Ariana."  

Mark put the letter back on the table.  
Serena spoke "Penny for you thoughts Mark?"  
She was wearing a sleek black dress with high heels and her face was touched up with make up. Mark spoke "Sorry I was thinking what to do tonight since Luke and Ariana is out at Brittany's cabin and they'll be back tomorrow morning."  
He stared out the window at the dark sky.  
Serena said in a sexy voice "It's time to shower and get ready for bed."  
Before Mark protested she pulled him by his tie. 

Chapter five

It was late in the morning when Luke awoke from lying on the couch bed covered in a sheet with Ariana lay next to him sleeping away.  Sun was streaming in through the ivy covered windows.  Brittany was no where to be seen. Luke sighed and assumed that Brittany was out hiking doing her usual rounds.  Yawning Luke got up putting on his clothes on his naked form and went to the kitchen unit to prepare some breakfast.  He was sitting there eating when Ariana woke up and sat down to share the food while putting on her clothes over her form.  
She spoke "Morning Luke is Brittany out hiking again?" 
Luke said "Yes she always do that hike in good or bad weather.” 
Ariana nodded and joined him.  The front door of the cabin banged as Brittany walked in and she came to them.  
Luke saw her and asked "How's the forest?"  
Brittany answered "Doing fine, never felt better."  
After breakfast was over, both Luke and Ariana bid Brittany good‑bye and walked toward the Morgan home through the forest. 

When they got home a sad Mark gave his brother a letter. Luke took the letter and read it.

"Dear Brittany, Luke and Mark,
I sadly inform you the passing of your father.  He left a will. The house, the pool house and its grounds go to both Luke and Mark.  The cabin in the woods is to Brittany.  A red jeep is for Luke. A black corvette is for Mark. The deed to the cabin is to Brittany.  I must add that these gifts were originally Christmas gifts.  Please bear the news as you can.  The funeral is on Saturday this week, family members only.  I 'm sorry your father died.   

Sincerely a friend of your father 
Timothy Jones Senior"

Luke handed the letter back to his brother Mark.  Sadly knowing his father was gone.  
Luke spoke to Ariana "Ariana? Our father died. The funeral is on Saturday, strictly family only.  I want you to go home for a few days. We need some time to ourselves to mourn for our father."  
Ariana sniffed and said "I'm going to get my stuff." 
She went out of the kitchen then she poked her though the kitchen doorway. 
She said "Who's going to tell Brittany?"  
Mark answered her" I called her on the radio while you were on the trail; she's coming over to prepare for the funeral. Serena is going home for a few days."  
Ariana nodded and went back up stairs to pack.  Later Ariana left to her parents’ home in the city suburbs.  Brittany came in the house with two suitcases in hand.  Her eyes were red from crying. Luke did his best not to cry as Mark weep.  Upset the three hugged each other.

Saturday came along quickly. The three dressed in black were not the only ones at the funeral. About a large continent of people came to the funeral.  The priest read the eulogy then a poem.   When he finish the coffin was lowered in the ground next to the grave of his wife.  Then groups of people left by two's or three's till Brittany and her brothers were left.  They sat around all day moping in sadness at the Morgan home.  
After three days of moping Brittany declared "I have enough of mourning. I have to go on in life. So I'm going back to my cabin."  
She went upstairs then minuets later she was back with two suitcases and she left by the back door without saying good‑bye. The two brothers did nothing but went upstairs to their bedrooms to cry

Two days later car horns were heard by the brothers startling Luke and Mark sitting in chairs on the patio in front of the house. A red jeep and a black corvette came in the drive.  When they stopped Ariana came out of the jeep as Serena came out of the corvette.  
Both yelled "Surprised!"  
Confused Luke and Mark came to meet them and they both kissed the girls and were asking questions. "Where did you get the jeep and car?" 
Ariana yelled "Quiet!" 
Then she said "Brittany called Serena from her cabin and told her, who told me that you were down in the dumps, so we decided to cheer you up."  
Mark said “Father's will issued the Luke gets the jeep and I get the corvette and‑"  
Serena interrupted him by planting a big kiss on his mouth. 
Then she said "We went and get the vehicles for you so are you going to take them for a spin?"  
Luke said "Alright, Ariana is coming with me and I want the keys for the jeep." 
He opened his hand. Ariana planted a kiss on the mouth and handed him his keys. Laughing he carried Ariana to the jeep as Mark carried Serena to the corvette.

It was a fun day. Luke drove around in his new jeep with Ariana at his side as Mark enjoyed the corvette with Serena at his side. Luke thought about driving to the gym and decided against it. So he took her to a mountain point where they enjoyed the view and made love. 

Mark with Serena drove his car to a club where the two of them had fun together.  

It was dark when Luke and Ariana drove up in his jeep in the drive of the Morgan home.  When they came inside Mark and Serena were there smiling.  
Curious Luke asked "Hey what's the smiles faces?"  
Serena got up and shrieked "We're getting married!"  
Then she showed them a diamond ring on her left hand ring finger.  
Mark said “Isn’t wonderful? We'll tie the knot next week on Sunday."  
Luke noticed that Mark wasn’t happy about that and seemed angry. He made a mental note to ask his brother about that later.
Ariana protested "Isn't unusual for couples to get married after knowing each other for a few weeks?"  
Luke agreed "Sorry no offense but I think she could be right."  
Mark opened his mouth to protest but Serena cut him off by saying. "So what, we have a lot of things in common and we love each other.  So please get use to the idea that we're getting married and we have no choice for I’m pregnant." 
Both Luke and Ariana were shocked.  
Mark spoke "It's true but we'll be married here then we'll go spend a few weeks on a honeymoon."  
Ariana asked "How are you going to prepare for the wedding?"
This got the four to speechless thinking of the upcoming wedding. 

Chapter Six

The house for the next few days was prepared for the wedding. People were coming in and out.  The pool house was also prepared too.  Serena spent all day with Ariana shopping for the perfect wedding dress.  Mark and Luke were busy in and out pointing where the decorations should go to or the tables and food with Brittany helping.  The boys spent the rest of the day tuxedo shopping for the perfect one for the groom Mark and his best man Luke.  Meanwhile the girls were at a bridal shop.  Serena was modeling a gown she had on. It had puffed up sleeves with a puffed up skirt.  
Serena asked Ariana for her opinion. "What do you think?"  
Ariana stared and said "I don't think that dress is you. It's too fluffy and is not your style."  
Serena sighed and went to try on another dress. This time the dress had short sleeves puffed with a long skirt.  Over the skirt was a puffed mini with a train at the back. The dress showed her ample cleavage.  
Ariana said "Serena? That dress is you. So have you decided what veil?"  
Serena went back to the dressing room and came out with her veil. It had fake flowers with a crown and a shoulder length veil on her head. 
She asked Ariana "What do you think?"  
Ariana answered "You look like a princess” while secretly giggling behind her hand.
At another store across town Mark and his brother were trying on tuxedoes. Mark asked Luke's opinion on the tuxedo he had on. It was white with black collar, tie and the waist band was also black. 
Luke said "Mark, It's you." 
Mark spoke "Luke has you chosen a tuxedo?" 
 Luke went in the dressing room and came out wearing a black tuxedo with a white shirt and blue tie with a waistband. 
Luke asked his brother." Mark what do you think?" 
Mark replied "You look good and it's you. So I guess if you wear this tuxedo to the wedding and I'll wear this one." 

When the brothers got home the same time as Serena and Ariana, the house, the pool house and the grounds were beautifully decorated. They ooh and ahh. 
Brittany came out of the house and asked them" Like it? I had some of the bushes trimmed." 
Serena said "I love the house decorations! I can't wait for the wedding!"  
Everyone agreed.

The wedding day Sunday was a beautiful sunny day. There wasn't a cloud in the sky.  The backyard was prepared for a wedding.  The musician, designers, and other workers came to do some last minute finishing touches. The guests were to arrive at the appointed hour in the afternoon.  Ariana and Serena spent all morning putting makeup and getting their hair up in styles.  The twin brothers however had themselves in the pool house before the appointed time for guests to arrive. The twins in their tuxes were downstairs ready to greed their guests. They look like mirror images except for Luke’s long flowing hair. Later Brittany came over to help the girls get ready for the wedding.  Serena with Brittany's help Ariana put her maid of honor dress. It was a sleeveless dress with a long skirt, in the color of red with pink flowered decoration.  Her hair was styled in a French braid with a ribbon in it.  Then they helped Serena put on her put on her white dress.  Her blond shoulder length hair was left down. The veil made her look prettier.  Brittany's dress was just light green in the same style of Ariana's dress. Brittany had her hair put in a pony tail.  Neither girl could say a thing for each was so pretty that they couldn't tell each other.  Then it was time to go downstairs to the pool house where the wedding was held and the guests waited. 

When they reached they reached the pool house Serena's father George Shaw stood there waiting. Beaming with happiness her took her hand and waited. The music of the piano sounded with Brittany in the lead and Ariana in the rear holding the train to Serena's wedding dress, all walked to the yard behind the house.  All the guests were standing beaming with happiness.  As Serena reached the arch where the priest was, her father gave her away and went to sit down. Serena was joined with Mark. Side by side they stood waiting for the priest to start.  
The priest asked "Serena Shaw, do you wish to take Mark Morgan as your husband as long you live?"  
Serena said "I do"  
Then the priest asked to Mark. "Mark Morgan, do you wish to take Serena Shaw as your wife as long you live?" 
And without hesitating he spoke "I do ". 
Then the priest announced them man and wife. Rings were a changed and the bride and the groom kissed. The guests cheered and gave a standing ovation. 

Chapter seven

The party was going full blast.  The guests were talking, dancing, and eating. The bride and groom were busy displaying their gifts they opened.  Ariana was having fun snapping pictures and talking with Luke.  As for Brittany she was busy getting aquatinted with Serena's parents, George and Linda Shaw whom Brittany learned that Serena was adopted at three years old. 
Brittany spoke "Mr. Shaw you have a pretty well mannered young daughter."  
Mr. Shaw said "Please call me George. Serena wasn't always well mannered. She was one of the strangest children we ever got."   
Linda his wife spoke "I don't understand why she's marring Mark Morgan. They have nothing in common except their family feud enemies."  
Brittany asked "Excuse me Linda, what do you mean by their family feud enemies?"   
Linda sighed and spoke " What I mean is that Serena's name was originally Lisa Snake and from your family history. Your tribe name is Wolf which means the Snakes and the Wolfs' tribes were enemies. Something to do with stealing the house and land from each other, whichever."  
Shocked Brittany had trouble believing it.

The bride and groom were busy dancing and kissing mostly to learn what Brittany learned. Finally after awhile the bride with Brittany and Ariana's help sneaked upstairs in the pool house to change for the honeymoon. Her wedding dress was put away some where safe.  The outfit for the honeymoon was a white flowered dress with purple lace.  The three helped put the luggage in a limo that will take them to an airport.  When they got to the front yard of the Morgan home, the guests were waiting with rice in hand.  Mark and Serena joined hands and ran down the serenade of people throwing rice.  Before getting in the car, Serena threw her bouquet over her head. It was caught by her sister Susanna Shaw. Then the couple drove away with people waving good‑bye. As for the guests they began leaving soon after the new couple left. Then the decorations on both the house and the pool house were taken down.  Every evidence of a wedding was taken down and put away. But for the bride and grooms gifts were put in the house. Exhausted Brittany, Luke and Ariana sat in chairs resting on the porch that lead to the back yard watching the sun go down. 

Ariana sigh and said "I'm going to the main house besides it was an exhausting day."  
She yawned as Brittany spoke "I'm coming with you, Luke, when you are going inside?"  
Luke replied "Later I want to watch the sky. For it's pretty."  
Together the two women walked up the path leading to the main house in silence. Luke looked at the sky. Slowly the sky changed from the color of red to purple which changed to blue.  It was fascinating to watch the sky change colors. Slowly like lights turned on the stars shined twinkling in the dark sky.  
As Luke got up to leave, a voice spoke out of nowhere said "Time of that will torn your family apart is coming nearer.  Enjoy last days of peace, for the struggle between two tribes shall continue till my death is avenged. Farewell Luke" 
 Luke shocked at what he heard sadly went in the main house.

When he came in Brittany was watching the TV while Ariana was reading a book from her sitting on the couch. Brittany looked up and nudged Ariana. She looked up and was surprise to see Luke's face was sad.  
Ariana asked him "What's wrong Luke? You look like you've been to funeral."  
Luke sadly looked at her and spoke "The wolf spirit told me the time of trouble is coming nearer. I must enjoy my days as well as I can."  
Sadly Brittany told Luke of what Serena's foster parents had told her but they were both shocked to learn this.

Chapter eight

Two weeks later it was the month of June.  Luke was outside washing and cleaning his jeep with Ariana’s help.  Brittany was busy inspecting every tree, plant, and bush and was doing some gardening work on the front lawn.  When a gleaming white van came in the drive way, Luke watched the van came in, and then it stopped.  Curious both Brittany and Ariana came over with Luke to see who it was. Then out of both passenger and driver's sides were Mark and his wife.  There was a wonderful reunion. 
 In the mist of it Brittany asked "How come you’re back early from the honeymoon?"  
Mark answered "We had news to tell you. Serena found out her biological parents and where their living"  
Excited Serena said "Some time later this week I'm going to meet them. Oh I'm sorry Mark you’re going to have to stay.  I want to meet my parents myself." 
 Mark shrugged and said "Since you let me come at least you can let me kiss you good bye."  Serena agreed and the two of them went inside. 

Later Mark and Luke were outside walking around the grounds of the house.  The sky was darkening for night time was coming.  
Luke sighed and asked Mark “Remember the stories Mom used to tell us Mark? After you heard them you said they were nothing like lies?  Well their not."  
Annoyed Mark glared at his brother and said "Do you mind? I don't want to hear about this nonsense again?" 
With a huff Mark stomped off and accidentally bumped in Ariana who was coming to find them. Angrily he marched up the patio door and went in banging the door.  
Under the porch light shining on them Ariana asked “Luke what's his problem?" 
Luke shrugged and said "He's mad when I tried talking about those stories Mom told us when we were kids. Damn, I thought he changed his feelings about the stories but I guess I was wrong."  Ariana nodded and said "I came out to remind you that it's getting late."  
Luke kissed her on the lips and the two, hand and hand went in the house.

Mornings were one of Mark's favorite times of the day. He left his wife sleeping and clad in his white pj's with a purple bathrobe over it he went downstairs.  In the kitchen eating was his brother Luke and Ariana. 
Luke saw him and said "Look Mark I'm sorry about what I told you last night. I assume your feeling about them might have changed, but I guess I was wrong so no hard feelings." 
He held out his hand. 
Mark sighed and said "Ok I forgive you but please don't mention them in my face again. Serena, upstairs is still not over that jet lag and she's not feeling well so I'm getting some breakfast for her."  
Mark went to get a tray with Luke's help the tray was piled with some breakfast food. Mark then went upstairs to his sleeping wife.  
Ariana waited till he was gone spoke "Luke it’s a shame Mark doesn't know he married Lisa Snake." 
Luke agreed.  
Ariana continued "I'm going to the pool house. Care to join me?"  
Luke thought for a minute and said "I guess so"  
Serena came downstairs and stood in front of the kitchen doors and heard every word the two said. Anger clouded her. She swore and thought of a plan to get rid of them for she did not want them telling Mark her real identity. She quietly and quickly slipped upstairs a plan hatching in her mind. Minutes later Ariana and Luke went upstairs to his room to change. 

When Luke came out of his room he heard voices loud from Mark's bedroom.  He wasn't sure what was wrong for the voices sounded a bit angry. So he decided to eavesdrop.  
Mark's voice was saying "Ok I'll get the ownership for the house if you want." 
Serena's voice was saying "Don't forget the pool house the lands and plus the cabin in the woods."  
Mark’s voice spoke "Err Serena? The cabin belongs to Brittany legally." 
Serena’s voice said “Not anymore for I want all the lands to the Morgan house to us for you got married first so you should get everything, and you said your Father favorites you. If your Father favorites you, why is half of the house and the cabin willed to his least favorite kids?" 
Mark sigh and said "Because Mother willed that when Father dies half the house goes to Luke and the other to me."  
Luke was busy engrossed listening to see Ariana opened the door that he fell in. Surprised Mark and Serena looked to see Luke. 
Luke spoke "Excuse me for interrupting but I couldn't help hearing, but what's this about you owning everything?"  
Serena glared and said "I hope you mind packing for this house was legally Mark's and (Stopping to get pick a piece of paper.) Last week I filed ownership papers for Mark Morgan." 
She handed them the piece of paper which Luke in anger glanced at it.  
Ariana yelled "Mark Morgan! That woman you married is Lisa Snake your family feud enemy!  And your letting her takes all of the Morgan land in her name!"  
Luke immediately said "You have any copies?"  
Serena spoke dismissing Ariana "No I didn't have time!"  
Luke in anger ripped the paper in many pieces and said "Mark if you want the house then your going to have to fight me for this."   
Mark yelled " Fine we'll do man to man out side!"   
The two brothers stumped downstairs to outside. 

Ariana yelled "I'm calling Brittany!"  
But Serena stopped her by yelling "Do you think I'll let Mark own this house?  No! This house belonged to the Snake tribe and that father of Mark took it! So don't even think of telling Brittany this."  
Serena grabbed a gun from the bed stand and Ariana did a karate kick that knocked the gun out of Serena's hand. The women fought but Ariana kicked her in the head. It was enough to knock her unconscious.  
Then she ran to the radio in Luke’s room and dialed Brittany’s radio number Ariana yelled "Brittany! You got to come over! Serena is crazy and Luke is fighting Mark for ownership of the house!  Hurry storm's a coming!" 
Ariana dropped the radio and darted outside to the back yard where the boys were fighting. 
 
Chapter nine

Out side it began to rain the clouds were piling up. In the mist of this Serena left, carrying the gun she left the house and ran in the pool house where she hid.  
Outside Brittany came running out of the forest yelling "When I get my hands on Lisa Snake I'll wring her neck!"   
It began to rain harder, to take cover the fighting boys ran in the pool house basement .The girls followed in time to see Serena aiming her gun at Luke. 
Ariana yelled "No! 
The distraction took for Serena to fire it accidentally missing Luke's arm.  Ariana went to help him, crazy and insane Serena aimed her gun at Luke.  Brittany ran and knocked the gun out of her hands. Enraged Serena grabbed a chemical of unknown contents and was going to throw it when Brittany tried to stop her. They struggled but it dropped on the floor spilling its contents on both Luke and Ariana. Luke screamed of pain and ran outside.  Brittany again tried to knock out Serena but she ran outside in the pouring rain with Brittany following her. Serena easily eluded her and ran back to the pool house with Brittany following.

Already now the storm was getting worse.  It was raining but now it was thundering and lightning flashed now and then.  Luke ran through the forest in pain.  He was blindly being knocked by trees that were in his way. He picked himself and kept running.  Pain was all over his body.  He staggered towards a tree and lay down. The chemicals were hurting him that he lay moaning in pain. Meanwhile Ariana was running in the forest looking for Luke. She ran till she fell over Luke and was held by him. He gripped her in a hug as she shivered staring at him as he kissed her. 

The storm was getting worse as minutes pasted.  Serena was busy helping Mark and tending his bruises in the pool house. 
Brittany stood in front of them and said "I'm going to call police on the phone." 
Hardly when she turned around and took a step, when she was knocked down, she was hit smack on the head and fell and hit the floor.  
Serena stood and picked up the gun she threw at Brittany in hand and said "Nobody will ever know the truth of what happened here!"  
Serena threatened Mark till he was force to agree. Together the two tied Brittany and bounded her to a pipe in a closet in the basement of the pool house.  

The sun was shining when morning came.  In a bedroom in the main house Serena got up and left her husband sleeping. She quickly handcuffed Mark to the railing of the bed. Grabbing her bathrobe over her svelte body, she went downstairs and to the phone. 
She dialed a number, someone answered saying "Port Monaco, Police department. how we can help you?"  
Serena said "This is Serena Shaw Morgan; Get me Detective Douglas Wilson please. I and my husband are in danger." 

Later police sirens were heard by the Serena and Mark who were in the house as a patrol car came into the driveway of the Morgan home.  Mark with Serena came out to meet the men coming out of the car.  One of the men an older man with apparent dirty blonde hair, dressed in tan pants, and a tan T-shirt with a badge on his left came and introduced himself "Detective Douglas Wilson. What's the problem?"  
Mark said "Three people came in our house during the storm and tried to kill us."  
Serena added "I'm still not well from the being punched. I think the woman who did this to me had a gun."  
Mark spoke at Serena’s nudge "I got in a fight with a male, it was too dark to see who but he tried to knock me in the head." 
Serena said "I managed to knock one them out with a crow bar she's still in the pool house all tied up. I think her name is something like Marina"  
While Mark and Serena were talking to Detective Wilson another officer was busy jotting down notes.

Chapter Ten

Detective Wilson sent some officers to check out the pool house.  Like military men, with guns drawn they got to the cellar. Brittany was gone. What were left on the floor were ropes that appeared to be ripped apart. 
One of the officers spoke on the radio on his belt," The suspect Marina isn't here but the pool house checks out. Except the lab room looks like there was a fight."  
Detective Wilson spoke on his radio." Copy; search the pool house and the estate around it.  I want lab teams on the double to take any evidence up."  
He heard the word “Affirmative” then voices of other officers were yakking on the radio. 

Officers David Cox and April Leah were inspecting the cellar when noises of clanging and banging were heard coming from the boiler room.  
Quietly Officer Cox spoke on his radio "This is Officer Cox. Noises were heard from the boiler room suspects may be in there. Lt. Leah is with me. We request backup. Over"  
The two officers who heading to the cellar were joined by Officers Alan Jones and the detective Wilson's young son blonde haired, barely an Officer Coyote Wilson when they arrived the four officers immediately cautiously went in the boiler room with guns drawn.  Nobody was in sight, but there were just machines. That filled the space under the Swimming pool.  
Officer Cox said "We'll cover more ground if were split up.  Maintain communication." 
Then the four split up in different directions.

Officer Cox walked along the machines near the darkest parts when suddenly a movement out of the corner of his eye.  He turned and looked. There was no one in sight. He spoke on his radio "Lt. Cox here I sighted some one could be one of the suspects I'm going to check it out." 
Officer Cox slowly put out his flashlight and edged to where he seen someone. A sound was heard behind a boiler. Cautiously he edged his way around toward the noise.  Lt. Leah a woman police officer was finishing her side and was edging toward Officer Cox's direction when a scream was heard.  She ran toward the screams yelling on her radio and gasped as she saw Cox lying like he was dead.  A movement came at her and she fired her gun yelling. 

Mark and his wife Serena were sitting in the kitchen talking to detective Wilson when Leah's voice came on the radio screaming. "This is Officer Leah! Officer Cox is down! Request Medics! Repeat‑" 
Then a gun shot and a scream as growls were heard on the radio then silence.  
Detective Wilson immediately yelled on the radio " Officers down Cox and Leah  Pool house boiler room Any Officers nearing the premise go and help Careful the might be some animal there."   

The first officers to reach the scene were Officers Chang Lin an Asian woman with Manual Vega a Latino. They rushed to the room where the fallen officers lay.  Officers Jones and Wilson were already there inspecting and gathering evidence.  
Officer Lin said "Whoa! What the‑‑? Ew! Gross! What happened here?"  
Officer Jones replied. "Eww is right these two look like some one ripped their guts out and scratched them."  
Then they suddenly heard a sound like a door slamming.  
Officer Vega said quietly "What was that?"  
Officer Wilson said " Shh I’m gonna check it out."  
He went toward the direction where the sound was heard with gun drawn.  
Officer Lin said "Careful! Detective Wilson said it could be some animal."   
Officer Vega said "Don't worry Chang He can take care of himself."   
Officer Lin spoke “Cute guy. Hope he doesn't get in trouble like Cox and Leah did." 

Officer Wilson cautiously went out of sight, to the door that led to outside.  Officer Wilson looked around but as he was coming back in he notice footprints. They were odd. An animal with human feet and claws was what it seems.  Then he after covering the area went inside. 

When he got to the scene paramedics were inspecting Cox and Leah.  Other officers were there along with his father Detective Wilson.  
Officer Lin asked him "Did you find anything outside?"   
Officer Wilson replied "I found footprints belonging to an animal and claw scratches on the door when I came in"  
Detective Wilson who was eavesdropping said "Medics inspect the door and the ground outside immediately!"  
Some officers went outside the door. 
Detective Wilson then spoke "I'm going to the main house to tell the Morgans our progress."  
He went out side using the same exit where Officer Wilson found the footprints but he was careful not to step on the prints. 
Officer Lin commented "Nice chief, but a bit strict."  
Officer Wilson spoke "Especially if he's your father."  

Detective Wilson walked along the forest path that led to the main house.  He had a feeling in his gut the he was being watched.  He looked around; there was no one unusual around but his officers. He thought it was ridiculous and continued walking.  Slowly the eyes that watched him sped away into the forest.

Chapter Eleven

In an old unused cabin, groggily Brittany was waking up. She was a bit woozy from the bump on her head.  She looked around the cabin. The cabin was a one room with a private bathroom in one of the corners, and there was a fireplace. An old fashion table and chairs sat near a wall. The sofa Brittany was lying on was facing the fireplace with its back on the wall.  Chairs like the sofa were scattered around the room.  Brittany tried to remember what happen. Slowly as she regained her memory she remembered being in the pool house, about to go call the police when she was hit in the head. Not hard, but enough to knock her out just enough to cause some great pain in her gut.  When she came to she lying on the floor tied up in what seemed to be the cellar.  Someone, an animal, was gnawing at the ropes she was tied to.  The animal gnawed the ropes during her hazy sight changed form to be a Humanoid figure that picked her up when finished. Then carried her through the boiler room with a fast pace jiggling her that she fell asleep that she didn't know what happened next.  Still feeling dizzy with a headache she fell asleep.

At the main house Detective Wilson came in through the back door with a slam of anger. It startled Mark and his wife plus several officers. 
Detective Wilson said sadly, "Two of my officers are dead. By my point of view they were killed by something pointing to an animal."  
Mark shocked said "Animal?"  
Serena put in saying "Animals? That's unheard of! What ever it is, I'm not sticking around here in Port Monaco to find out! " 
Mark agreed. 
Detective Wilson sighs and spoke "I'm not sure if it's a good idea. Your sister, Brittany was reported missing a few hours ago.  I want the two of you to stay in case she tries to reach you."  
Mark said "Ok well we'll stay" before Serena could talk. 
Serena who was boiling in anger got up and yelled angrily "I'm leaving to my parents in a few days!  I've never met them for I was adopted and you spoil my fun! So forget it! I'm leaving!"  She stomped out of the kitchen through the dining room and went upstairs. Meanwhile officers were still searching the forests for clues and Brittany.  

Miles away in an old unused cabin long ago forgotten, Brittany was awake but not fully recovered from the bump on her head. She was inspecting the cabin. She found two doors beside the fireplace on each side.  She opened the left door and in it was a bathroom with a tub and shower.   Brittany inspected the bathroom and tried to take a shower.  It was good to take a warm shower. Taking her clothes off she showered. When she finished, she changed into the clothes left lying on the floor which were, faded blue jeans, white turtle neck long sleeve shirt with someone's old red plaid shirt. The clothes were fit for a man but Brittany didn't care. She left the bathroom and went to inspect the other door like the bathroom door it opened in to what appeared to be a small kitchen. The refrigerator had food and drinks. In the cupboards were some packages of candy left by some kids.  Brittany checked to see if the food was okay and opened the packages. It had been hours since her last meal.  She went out of the kitchen area and went in the living room eating.  Near the same wall as the sofa was a bookcase full of books.  Brittany went to inspect them when something caught her eye.  It was lying on the floor. Brittany went to inspect it, and picked it up.  She gasped for it was Luke's shirt and it was ripped by an animal.  Brittany sighed and went to the bookcase, picked out a book to read.  
She said thinking "Whoever brought me here, I'll thank that person."   
She was so engrossed in the book she was reading, she failed to notice that she was being watched through a hole in the wall that led to outside.

It was sunset and at the Morgan house. Detective Wilson and his officers were just finishing up and were leaving.  
Detective Wilson said "Mr. Morgan there's something we can do but I don't know how this case of yours will help our case.  If we have any new leads we'll call you."  
Detective Wilson turned to leave when Mark stopped him and said "Well since my wife left for town to visit her parents, I'll be in the city suburbs of Wolfville visiting my uncle Belen."   
Detective Wilson added "Does your wife know that you are leaving town too?" 
Mark answered him "Yes and here's the keys to the house and the grounds whatever."  
Detective Wilson nodded and left with the keys.  Mark lingered for a while and left for the road in his car. 	

Hours passed for Brittany.  Bored with the book she was reading, she decided to explore the cabin.  She spied a door she had not opened.  She walked a couple paces when she heard growling.  Hearing that, she looked around and saw nothing that indicated the growling.  She was about to walk a step when she saw it. In the darkest corner sat something alive and moving.  Brittany keeping an eye on the moving figure edged herself slowly towards the door.   The figure sprang and Brittany darted out of the way.  Brittany stared with shock. It was a gray wolf who growled at her. 
Brittany spoke “I see you don’t want me to leave. Okay.” 
Then she went to sit down while staring at the wolf. The eyes eerie reminded her of someone she knew but she couldn’t figure it out. 

Chapter Twelve

In Wolfville, Connecticut, it was after dark that the two Mark and his Uncle Belen sat on chairs in the cabin besides a fire talking. Mark told Uncle Belen the events that happened at the Morgan home in Port Monaco. 
Uncle Belen spoke "Odd. The creature that killed the officers Cox and Leah must be a skin walker." 
Mark asked questionably "Skin walker?"  
Uncle Belen replied "Yes, the skin walker is an old family legend. It's an ability to change your form to any animal like it’s a piece of clothing. The common form is the wolf.” 
Mark shuddered in fear. 
Uncle Belen noticed this for he spoke "Mark, if you’re tired. Go up to bed it's getting late."  
Mark nodded and got up from his seat. Uncle Belen joined him. They were about to got inside when a woman's scream was heard. Both men immediately ran outside. 
A woman came running toward them crying out "Help! A wolf got Jared!"  
Uncle Belen froze for Jared was his son and he recognized the woman to be Jared’s girlfriend, Mary Snake. A movement caught her eye and she tripped screaming for there was a wolf crouched to the ground growling.  Uncle Belen and Mark stared in horror. Without a warning the wolf sprang at them. Uncle Belen blocked the wolf's attack with his arms and the two were rolling around wrestling then the wolf let go of Uncle Belen who got up and ran towards the two. Mark pulled Mary back while grabbing a broom and used it to whack the wolf. The wolf sprang and met the broom whacked in its face. Dazed the wolf stepped back and sprang again, but a gunshot was heard.  Mark immediately shined the flashlight at the wolf as it and ran away. Then three breathe with a sigh of relief. Quickly Uncle Belen with long gun in hand ushered Mark and the shaking Mary inside.  

The sun rise shining her rays above the horizon of morning. Mark got up from the old couch he was sleeping on. Mary Snake was sleeping in a bundle of blankets by the fireplace. Mark looked around and saw Uncle Belen sitting in a chair outside.  Mark went out to join him. Uncle Belen was smoking a pipe and he was sleeping. Mark recalled the events that happened last night. Just as he shined the flashlight on the strange wolf he gasped in surprise to see it was Luke his twin brother in his ripped pants, sitting there glaring before he changed his form to a wolf that ran away. 
 "Oh by the One" Mark said to himself. 
 "Why did the skin walkers choose your brother Luke, Mark?" 
Startled Mark looked at the speaker Uncle Belen was awake and he again spoke " Mark did you kill a wolf?" 
Mark sighed and spoke "Yes. Some time ago I was cleaning Dad's long gun behind the pool house. I was cleaning it when I saw a wolf. The wolf looked sick with rabies judging by the way it stalked me. The wolf was all white and had saliva on its mouth and the eyes looked blood shot red.  It growled at me and it looked like it'll attack me that I backed up.  I was right for it sprang at me and I had no choice but to shot it dead. I also moved the body near a rock."  
Uncle Belen frowned and looked away still smoking. The flume from the pipe swirled and went into the mist of the cold morning.  

Chapter Thirteen

In Port Monaco, Detective Wilson was enjoying the peace and quiet of the office. He was busy doing some paper work with a hot cup of coffee steaming at his side.  Then the phone in his office rang very loudly startling him that he knocked his coffee spilling it on to the floor. 
Detective Wilson grabbed the phone and spoke "Detective Douglas Wilson here"   
He paused and yelled "What!" 
Then he ran out of his office. Minutes later Detective Wilson was in his car on the road to Wolfville.  The phone call was from Sheriff Steamboat from the Native American reservation.  The sheriff told the detective that a case similar of the officer murders has opened.

By car it took the detective two hours when he was nearing the outskirts of the small town Wolfville near the Native American reservation. As he was driving a movement in the forest caught his eye and he slowed the car to look. A figure in fur darted away in the forest.  Detective Wilson stopped his car on the road and pulled out his gun. He walked into the forest with gun drawn.  He looked around but there was no one in sight, for it was so quiet. Not a sound but the wind was blowing. Detective Wilson thought it was odd and then after a final check he went back to his car and putting the gun back on its holster he drove away.  The figure silently went away deep into the forest.  

Somewhere in Port Monaco forests in an old unused cabin, Brittany Morgan was wakening by Ariana who was wearing a men’s plaid shirt and was staring at her. 
Brittany spoke “I know your secret and you don’t have to hide it from me.” 
Ariana gasped. 
Brittany asked her “How did you get like this?"  
Ariana answered “I don't know but it could be the chemicals Serena no Lisa threw at us."  Brittany rebuked that remark by saying "Ridiculous! The chemicals were only pool cleaner chemicals.”  
Ariana thought for a minute and spoke "When the chemicals were on me I was in pain that it made me crazy enough to run outside. Some instinct told me to follow Luke like he my mate."  Brittany replied "You two been hanging around together a lot." 
Ariana frowned and spoke "I’m worried about Luke. He left swearing revenge on Mark. It's not like him to do that."  
 Brittany signed "My guess the skin walkers is using him to kill the wolf killer."  
Then she paused and continued "Does Luke have the ability like you do?" 
Ariana nodded yes and warned "Be careful he did do some mating with me just after we changed forms."  
Shocked Brittany could guess what Luke did to her. 
She spoke "What about you? Is the skin walkers’ using you?"   
Ariana replied "No but I feel rage and anger including instincts cloud my mine that I can't think." Brittany sighed and put a hand to her head. She still hadn't recovered from the bump Serena hit her on her head. 
Brittany spoke "Ariana if you don't mind but I'm going to sleep. I feel a little tired."  
Ariana got up from the couch where Brittany was and sat in a chair. Soon Brittany was asleep. 

Chapter fourteen

In the forests of Wolfville, a group of hunters mostly men with long guns in hand were walking in groups of twos and threes hunting.  They edged along the forest inspecting every plant, bush, and tree for clues. Old Joe Cooper who was far ahead was inspecting something when he heard a noise behind him. He looked around and saw a wolf.  The wolf attacked him. Joe screamed.  Jack Leaves an old friend heard Joe's scream. He ran to the scene. He was surprise to see a wolf dead and a man wearing fur stood over him.  Jack aimed his gun at the creature and then creature looked at him. Jack gasped. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was his friend Luke Morgan, Mark's twin brother.  The two locked eyes and then Luke speeded away.  Jack ran to where Joe lay and felt for a pulse. There was one. 
Joe spoke weakly "The skin walker man saved my life from that wolf." 
Jack turned and yelled to his companions. "Hey!  This is Jack! Joe is down from a wolf attack! And you'll never believe this! " 
 A voice yelled back "Never believe what Jack?"  
 Jack replied "Luke Morgan saved Joe's life but Luke is a skin walker."  
A chorus of “What?” startled him. 
He looked up to see his companions. Some were busy helping Joe with first aid. 
Jack barked orders "Move it! Get Joe to the hospital and get this wolf body to the sheriff!!"  

Back in town the story of Luke Morgan saving Joe's life and looking like a skin walker spread throughout the town.  People were telling each other the story. Detective Wilson pulled up in his car in front of the sheriff's building. He walked inside. Inside was a lounge room. Wilson passed it and went to the down at the end of the room. It led to a hallway with an adjoining open office at the right. It wasn't noisy or busy like the Port Monaco Police precinct. 
One of the officers spoke, "Hello Detective Wilson, The name's Ramsey Eagle and the chief is waiting for you at his office."  
Detective Wilson nodded and went to the direction Ramsey jerked his thumb pointing. In the Sheriff's office the sheriff a man of forties with white black long hair sat at his desk.  
The sheriff spoke "Detective Wilson I presume?"  
Detective Wilson spoke "I got a call about a lead in the officer murders and decided to check it out."  
Sheriff Steamboat spoke "In the officer murders a wolf was found dead near the crime scene. Here a wolf was found dead near a victim Joe Cooper of an attack and the victim survived."  
Picking up a folder the sheriff handed it to the Detective. 
Sheriff Steamboat spoke. "A witness Jack Leaves saw Luke Morgan at the crime scene looking like he was covered in fur, or a freak according to the witness Jack Leaves." 
Detective spoke up from reading the folder "Freak?  I find this ridiculous."  
The sheriff spoke "There's more. Days ago a wolf was found dead near Jared Morgan a relative of the Morgan’s, a victim of an attack but he survived. He claimed Luke Morgan saved his life. But unexpectedly a wolf attacked Mary Snake a girlfriend of Jared. "   
Detective Wilson asked "Why drag me all the way down here?"   
Sheriff Steamboat spoke "The lab analysis on the dead wolf is that it's the same on all the attacks. It seems the wolf is a skin walker always rising never die till the one that shot it is dead. "   Detective Wilson spoke" Why bring a Port Monaco police department to Wolfville instead of the authorities? "   
The sheriff spoke "Because there’s a belief among us that a member of your police department is the only one who can shoot the skin walker wolf dead preventing more attacks." 
Detective Wilson spoke "Sorry I'm here for the case not to have one of my officers’ shoot a wolf. It's against the law in the state of Connecticut." 
Saying this he turned and left. The Sheriff grabbed his phone and dialed something. 
After waiting he spoke “Sheriff Steamboat here, Detective Wilson is being a skeptic we need to convince him this." 
A few seconds of silent then he added "Fine." 
And then he hung up.

Chapter Fifteen

When Brittany woke up on the couch she found a white quilt that was turning yellow of age on her.  She got up and looked around, Ariana was gone. The door looked like it was smashed open. Brittany went to the door and walked outside. Rays of the afternoon sun blinded her and after getting used to it she left the cabin.  She looked for moss for it was said moss always grow facing north.  Brittany started walking north to where her cabin was.   She entered the five mile radius she set on her cabin.  She stopped to inspect scratches on a tree. Suddenly she heard growling looking around she spotted the same wolf she assumed was Ariana. Ariana sprang at Brittany. Quickly Brittany stopped her with a hard kick at her chest and it sent Ariana back into a tree. Ariana crumbled unconscious. Brittany picked up Ariana and carried her to her cabin. At her cabin a figure jumped from the tree and stood in her way.  Brittany wasn't shocked to see it was Luke. She noticed Luke's left arm was wrapped in a crude bandage. She glared at him and went into the cabin with Luke following behind.

Hours later Luke was finally asleep and drugged with something which Luke accepted in a drink of water. Brittany worked at his wound which was a bullet wound. She worked at getting the bullet out and cleaned his arm in case of infection and sewed it shut and wrapped it in a bandage. Then she put the bullet in a small sandwich bag. The bloody cloth, Brittany spent a while at her microscope doing blood tests.  Then she took a sample of blood from both Ariana and Luke.  During that time Ariana woke up and saw Brittany at her microscope with her back to Ariana.  A powerful feeling of rage swelled up and Ariana charged at Brittany in her Human form, which whirled around and slapped Ariana hard in the face. 
Ariana stepped back, with her hand on her face, and said "Brittany! First you kick me into a tree then you slap me? "  
Brittany spoke "Sorry but doesn’t attack defenses people it's not wolf like."  
Ariana saw Luke lying on a couch.  A blanket was on him and his left arm was in a sling.  Nearby were piles of fur next to a shaver. Brittany had shaved the fur off Luke. 
Ariana asked looking back at Brittany, "What's wrong with him?"   
Brittany replied back "He has a bullet wound in his left arm. I took the bullet out and sewed the wound and wrapped it in bandages. It’s interfering with his skin walking abilities."  
Ariana spoke "Oh that must have hurt." 
Then she groaned and felt her head. Brittany got up from the stool and helped Ariana to another couch and gave her a blanket to sleep with.  Turning off the lights Brittany went to her bedroom that was on the loft to sleep. She was very tired. Outside it was nighttime. The stars shined and the moon glowed. Somewhere wolf howls were heard calling to each other.

Morning came as the sun peeked over the horizon shining on the Morgan Mansion.  The pool house was silent with yellow police ribbons surrounding it looking dark and gloomy.  In the kitchen of the mansion sat Mark. He was drinking coffee and was trying not to nod off. The ride back to Port Monaco late that night, made him so tired, when he arrived home. The phone rang once but Mark ignored it. 
It rang and rang three times before Mark grabbed the phone and spoke "Hello?"  
Detective Wilson spoke "This is Detective Wilson. Lab analysis on blood found near Joe Cooper a survivor of a wolf attack was tested and it came out positive identifying Luke Morgan. "  
Mark spoke "What?"
A bit later of talking to Detective Wilson he hung up and immediately dialed to Serena.  She answered the phone rudely. 
Mark spoke "Hello Serena its Mark."  
Serena spoke "Ex‑husband Mark I'm divorcing you cause of this stupid fight and trouble."  
Before he could protest Serena hung up. Dazed Mark hung up the phone. 
His world was crashing; because of the fight with Luke, his wife was divorcing him. Angrily Mark slammed his fist on the table and cursed out loud “If I ever seen Luke again, I’ll shoot him dead.” 

It was a bit early in the morning when Brittany got up.  She showered and put on jeans, hiking boots and a green plaid long sleeved shirt.  Then she went to the living room of the cabin. Luke was awake on the couch while Ariana still slept.  
Brittany spoke  " Hi Luke you hungry?"  
Luke frowned and shook his head no.  Brittany went into the kitchen unit when the radio gave out a voice of static.
Grabbing the radio, Brittany Spoke "Hello?"  
A familiar voice on it said “It’s Mark. Brittany is that you?"  
Brittany laughed and said "Yes baby brother it's your big sister."   
Mark spoke "Listen Luke’s is a crazy manic going around in fur and some natives want him dead because he’s a skin walker.”
Pretending to be shocked Brittany exclaimed "What, that is absurd but I'm interested."  
Mark protested "It's not crazy!  Besides my wife said she'll divorce me and get custody of our kid."
Brittany spoke "Oh I'm sorry-"  
Mark interrupted her "When I get my hands on Luke I'll kill him." 
Then the radio went silent on Brittany.  Brittany stared at the radio in hand and put it back in its hook.  Then she went to eat breakfast.  

In the Morgan Mansion Mark glared at the photograph of him and his twin brother.  Both were mirror images in the face, Mark in the picture had a short sleeved white rugby shirt with tan pants.  Luke had on a short sleeved blue shirt with blue jeans except he was bigger and thicker than Mark who was thin and looked smaller.  Mark threw the picture in the trash and stomped to the basement door that was next to the kitchen door to outside. He went down the basement steps turning on the lights as he walked down. The basement was cold and the light cast spooky shadows. Mark reached a pile and started throwing things around.  Then he yanked out his father's long gun and inspected it. Four bullets were still in the barrel of the gun. 
 Mark spoke "This gun father will end the life of the skin walkers with its servant Luke."  
Then gun in hand he went upstairs and spent awhile cleaning it.

Chapter Sixteen
 
In Wolfville, Uncle Belen breathed with a sigh of relief. His son Jared was going to be okay.  He recalled what Mary Snake told the police with Belen in range listening. She said she was walking to camp where Jared set up when she heard him scream. Running to the camp area she saw a dead wolf lying next to Jared and wolf was there near him. The wolf looked up in another direction.  Mary also said she stepped back and snapped a twig and the wolf ran in her direction. She thought he was going to get her then she ran screaming to Belen Morgan and his nephew.   
"Thank the One." Belen said to self at the hospital. 
Then he entered the room where Jared lay.  He found his son awake with Mary next to him in a seat holding his hand.  She brushed a lock of her dark hair from her tan skin.  
Uncle Belen spoke in a foreign language "Hi how are you doing son?" 
 Jared replied "I'm okay and I should thank Luke." 
 Mary added "And me. Don't forget me." 
 Jared smiled a bit then went to sleep. Sighing Uncle Belen sat in a chair and slept him self as Mary snoozed with her arms around Jared. 

In Port Monaco, Detective Wilson and several officers drove their cars to the Morgan mansion.  Mark had called them and told Detective Wilson that Brittany called him on the radio earlier from her cabin.  Detective Wilson arrived with several officers in time to see Mark leave the house with gun in hand.  
Detective Wilson called "Mr. Morgan! Your gun will be taken to clear it." 
Mark didn't say a word but handed his gun to the Detective who handed it to one of the officers who took it to the car and locked the gun in the trunk.  
Mark spoke "I'm going to Brittany's cabin and besides what gave you the notion of me going on a hunt?  It's to protect myself." 
Detective Wilson ordered "Move and lead."  
Mark turned and led the group into the forest. It took awhile to get there. When the party reached the cabin Mark knocked on the door.  Inside Brittany went to answer the knock. She opened the door a crack and saw Mark then she slid herself out. 
Mark spoke " Hi big sister where's Luke?"   
Brittany spoke “He’s in my cabin and I don't think he'll be pleased to see you because of what happened the other night." 
She opened the door a bit then said "I better warn you but Luke has been suffering a gunshot wound and it made him like a maniac."   
Brittany opened the door wider.  Inside Ariana sat clothe in a pair of white sweat pants and shirt on the couch. Next to her was Luke who was awake with his arm in a sling. He had blue jeans on but no shirt and he sat glaring. Detective Wilson and Mark walked in.  Luke glared and growled in his throat. Ariana kept an arm around him.  
Detective Wilson ordered "Get these two in a hospital and tests to be done." 
Officers immediately put Luke on a stretcher and took him into a waiting ambulance at the Morgan house with Ariana following behind escorted by Brittany and a grumbling Mark.

The police department questioned Brittany and Ariana a lot of times. Finally Mark was allowed to go home.  As the patrol car pulled up the drive Serena was there. Mark bid good‑bye to Detective Wilson. Wilson left as Mark walked to his wife.  
Mark asked "What are you doing here?"  
Serena said "I just got out of the hospital three days ago to see if the baby is fine." 
Mark frowned and said "Why are you telling me this?"
 Serena answered "When I visited my parents they gave me Claire and they wanted us to keep her as ours."  
She bent down to pick up a bundle on the seat and held it. Mark came forward to look. The bundle was a baby girl. 
Mark spoke "Whose kid is she?"   
Serena spoke "She belonged to my biological sister who I have never met. She is said to die after giving birth to Claire." 
She paused and said " I was going to divorce you but I couldn't I just couldn't do this to our baby."  
She began to weep that she handed Claire to Mark and ran inside. Mark sighed and carried the baby Claire inside. The sun of the afternoon came and went down to meet the horizon. 

Later late at night the phone ran. Mark who was sleeping alone turned the light on and answered the phone from the couch in the living room. 
"Hello, Mark Morgan here" he spoke.   
It was Detective Wilson. He spoke" Mr. Morgan after Luke and Ariana was sent in the hospital. Tests were done and the results came out strange."  
Mark asked "What's odd about it?" 
 Wilson replied "Wolf DNA in their blood.  The doctors suggested you and wife come to the hospital for tests immediately."  
Mark spoke "OK I'll be there as soon as I can" 
 Then they both hung up. Mark got up from the couch clad into jeans and a white long sleeved shirt.  He left the couch to see Serena holding Claire with a questioningly look on her face at the top of the stairs. 
Mark spoke “That was the hospital, their tests indicate wolf DNA in the blood of my brother and Ariana. They want us both there for further testing.”  
He escorted a silent Serena to his car and drove them to the hospital.  At the hospital tests began on Mark and Serena as they entered the hospital. An hour later Mark was pacing in the lounge. He was waiting for the results. His wife Serena sat sleeping. Claire was in her lap in a pink blanket. It had been nearly an hour since they were tested.  
Mark thought "I'll clobber my brother if I have wolf DNA in me." 
He leaned against the wall with his back against it.  
Serena woke up and said "Mark do you mind? I'm trying to sleep and your keeping me up with your pacing."  
Mark rolled his eyes and sat down next to his wife.  She sighed and put her head on his shoulder. The baby Claire slept in peacefully dreaming. 

The door of the room opened as Mark looked up to face a man about his age with some tired look under his eyes, Doctor Zesky the Morgan family physician. 
Mark spoke "Hello Doctor, I’m Mark." 
He gestured to his wife. "This is Serena my wife and her niece Claire and Serena is expecting a baby." 
The doctor looked surprised. 
He spoke "Expecting a baby? I think babies would be more like it. Mrs. Morgan was operated due to pain of a fertilized egg in her left fallopian tube. She’s still pregnant with your child, a situation we’re monitoring." 
He paused and spoke "The baby Claire is okay."  
Mark turned and glared at his wife who said "I'm sorry! I'm sorry for not telling you the truth."   
The doctor spoke "Tests indicated that the wolf DNA has affected Luke, Ariana, Brittany and you, Mr. Morgan.”  
Mark spoke "What? How did I get wolf DNA?'"   
Doctor Zesky spoke calmly "The wolf blood or DNA is skin walking ability is heredity, which means from your mother Cheyenne Wolf."  
Mark stared then he rolled his eyes and fainted away and caught himself onto a chair. 
She asked the doctor "Have you figured out that the people who claim to be my parents, last name Snake are my real parents?"  
Dr. Zesky shivered speaking "The tests on you and them came out positive. You're Lisa Snake.  The child Claire belongs to the eldest Katie who is presumed dead. You have a younger sister who's name is Mary."  
Then he turned and left the room.  

Morning shined through the room where Luke and Ariana slept in beds side by side.  Mark woke up in a hospital bed across from Luke. Serena was sitting in a chair holding Claire. Mark could see she was crying a bit.  
Mark spoke "Serena? What's wrong?"
Serena looked up and said "I'm sorry but I'm upset that I never got a chance to meet Katie, Claire’s mom, my older sister. I managed to meet Mary who's younger than me."
Mark got up and found he was still wearing his clothes from last night.  He looked around and noticed his brother sleeping. Ariana was sleeping too.  
Mark glared then he spoke "What the heck were you doing?  How could you trick me?" 
Serena gasped at the accusation as she stood up angrily saying "Trick you? What are you talking about?" 
Mark replied "What I'm talking about is that you were after the money and the Morgan estate."   Serena yelled "Mark how you could accuse me of this?"   
Mark put a finger on his lips and closed the door then he spoke "I want you and Claire to get away from here. It's not safe with a skin walker after me and you as well"   
He paused and said "I'm making this getaway like an argument."   
He stopped talking and looked at his wife Serena. 
She nodded her head yes and gave him a kiss on the cheek and then went to the door as she opened it she yelled "You give me that wild accusation again!  I divorce you so I'm going to visit relatives and to cool down! good‑bye!" 
She left without closing the door. Mark put his hands in his pockets and left the room closing the door in time for he could hear growls from Luke.  Mark left the hospital and went home. 

Some time late in the afternoon, the sun was low in the sky as Mark drove into the driveway. Brittany came running to meet him, with worry on her face. 
She spoke "Mark! Where have you been? By the One! You’re ok!"
Mark stared and said "What's going on?"   
Brittany spoke "Luke escaped from the hospital acting like a wild animal. He went nuts and escaped with police on his trail but he eluded them."  
Mark grumbled "Damn skin walkers. When did Luke escape?  "   
Brittany replied "Come inside."   
She dragged him inside yanking on his shirt. Inside she told him "Two hours ago I got a phone call from Wilson, who told me that Luke escaped by the fire escape. He was seen running as a wolf." 
She quickly added "Where have you been? You didn't answer my calls so I was beginning to worry."   
Mark spoke "I’ve been up in the hospital for tests and came out positive like you for wolf DNA." He left the kitchen and went upstairs.  Brittany took the phone off the hook and dialed a number. Moments she spoke " Brittany Morgan, Mark is here somewhere in the house and he is fine."  
After a few moments she spoke "What?" 
Then she hanged up and wrote a note and left the house. She drove away in Luke's jeep.  Up stairs Mark saw his sister enter Luke's jeep and drive away. Mark went down stairs and spied a note on the table. It was scrawled:

"Mark, I’m out to the police headquarters. Detective Wilson said he had some thing that my experience of the field needs to check.
Brittany"  

Mark sighed and went to the fire place and touched a hidden switch and the fireplace opened like a door. Mark crawled inside. Unseen a wolf with red eyes followed him in before the fireplace closed.  

Chapter Seventeen

Luke ran hard as he could in his wolf form through the forest. The gut feeling that his brother was in trouble was strong. He had to get to his brother before the skin walker tried to kill Mark.  The house loomed in view. The sky had grown dark. Luke ran to the front door changing his form to human and charged through it opening it.  He ran to the fireplace while hearing screams. With a growl he forced the wall to open as Mark came out screaming. 
He saw Luke and yelled "Get that wolf away! It's the skin walker."  
With a roar Luke ran inside. There were sounds of snarling and struggle then was silence. Luke came out dragging the wolf.  
Mark spoke in gasps "Since when did you start saving my neck?"  
Luke spoke "Since we could walk. I've been saving your neck from accidents my whole life."  Finally Mark got up and said "Lab results on me and Lisa Snake found wolf DNA on you, Ariana and Brittany."  
Luke nodded and spoke "Where did that wolf go? I killed it!" 
Luke kneeled his temper forming in anger as he changed his form to wolf. 

 Outside Brittany arrived with several officers including Coyote Wilson. Mark came running out the front through the back door as a wolf came out of the bushes charging at him. 
Mark kicked it and ran but the wolf followed him towards Brittany and several officers yelling “Help! There’s a wolf after me!” 
To Brittany’s horror, Mark fell to the ground and saw the wolf standing over Mark growling. Then she heard a gun shot and saw Coyote Wilson’s gun was smoking as the wolf fell to the ground dead. Mark heard his sister call his name. 
She yelled "Mark, you alright?"  
Mark called back as he got up and leaned against the bushes "I'm fine. Luke saved my neck from another wolf, but it got away."  
A hand from the bushes grabbed Mark and a gun poked in his back. 
A voice spoke “Don’t move or I'll give you a bullet."  
It was Lisa Snake. Mark asked "Serena? Lisa? What are you doing?"   
Serena spoke "Quiet. Mark! " 
A car came in the drive. It was Detective. Wilson and two officers. One of the officers got out and pulled out a glaring woman handcuffed. 
Detective Wilson shouted "Lisa, meet you supposedly deceased sister, Katie Snake."  
Serena saw her and yelled "What foul play is that?"  
Brittany who was trying to distract Serena noticed Luke behind who suddenly aimed the gun at Brittany. Luke found his moment and attacked Serena. With a karate kick he knocked the gun out of her hand and pinned her arms. 
Luke spoke "Katie Snake is the one responsible for shooting Officers Cox and Leah dead."  
Mark asked "What? How the heck did you know that?" 
 Luke replied "After I ran off with Brittany, Ariana stayed behind and told me she saw Katie Snake shoot the officers Cox and Leah with a silencer gun." 
Detective Wilson spoke "So that's why Cox and Leah had bullets in them."  
Some officers came and handcuffed Lisa and put her in the patrol car with Katie. Lisa glared at Katie and they were soon arguing. Other officers were looking for the wolf with the bullet wound. It was found in the bushes barely alive. Brittany helped with care to check its injuries. The wolf growled when it saw Mark. Luke growled back to shut it up.  With teamwork the wolf was set in a borrowed truck and rushed to the vet with Brittany observing. Detective Wilson and the remaining officers took statements from Luke and Mark before leaving. It was getting dark so Mark went inside but Luke stayed out side on guard. 

Morning sunshine woke Mark who was on his bed sleeping. He was still wearing the clothes when the wolves attacked him. He got up and stretched then grabbed some clothes and went to the bathroom that adjoined his room and Luke's to shower and change. Awhile later Mark dressed in a red t-shirt and tan pants with sneakers went downstairs to the kitchen. In the kitchen Mark heard yells from the basement. Curious Mark went to the basement door and went downstairs. Luke was there practicing some boxing from a corner of the mess of boxes. Mark observed Luke was wearing white pants with a black belt around it. Mark stood and watched his brother practice. Luke turned around and saw Mark. He stopped practicing. 
Mark spoke "Good Morning, Luke. Can you uh be a little quieter? "  
He paused and continued "I can hear you yelling from upstairs in the kitchen.”
Luke nodded and resumed practicing. Mark sighed and went back upstairs. He prepared himself a breakfast of cereal and was reading the newspaper when Luke came up from the basement. Luke walked in the kitchen with a stone expression on his face. Without a word he walked out side slamming the screen door with a bang. The noise made Mark nearly jump out of his seat. 

A car came into the drive. Luke looked to see who it was as Mark came outside. When the car stopped Ariana came out of the driver’s seat and ran into the arms of Luke with Brittany trailed behind carrying Claire. She walked up to Mark and handed the baby to him. 
Brittany said "I don't think you can get out of this. Katie handed her to Lisa who handed Claire to you officially." 
Laughing she went inside. Mark looked down at Claire.  With a sigh he turned to follow Brittany when he noticed Luke and Ariana were mouth kissing. Groaning he went inside.  Inside he went upstairs to the room that was set up as a nursery. The front door slammed and Mark went to the living room. Brittany was there talking to Ariana. Luke was in a chair frowning. 
Brittany noticed Luke because she said "Somebody should check on Claire." 
She pushed Ariana up the stairs.  
Mark blurted out "Any plans for a family?"  
Luke answered "Yeah. Ariana is pregnant."  
Shocked Mark stared at him and said "Uh Ser.‑ no Lisa is expecting too and it's mine." 
Luke asked "So what are you going to do about the baby?" 
Mark replied "Nothing just wait and see for the courts to decide."  
He sat down next to Luke and spoke "This is exactly what Mom predicted before death.”  
Mark sobbed, Luke went to comfort him. Upstairs in the nursery the girls were talking. 
Ariana spoke "Can you believe this? A lunatic like Lisa handed her sister’s baby to Mark! "  
Brittany rebelled “Maybe deep down her liked Mark and gave her kid to him.”  
Ariana frowned "I'm pregnant."  
Brittany asked "When is the due date?"  
Ariana answered "The due date is in tentative. The doctors have been talking about taking the baby out as soon as early December,  but as soon the baby is born the doctors might take it away because they think Luke and I aren't well enough to take care of kids are selves cause of our nature."   
Brittany hugged her and then she said "Did you tell the doctors that you and Luke will raise the kid themselves with only help?"  
Ariana replied “Yes they agreed to help us rise the kid what ever sex it is." 

Chapter Eighteen

Somewhere in a local hospital Jared lay on a bed. Mary Snake his girlfriend stayed by his side. Jared was slowly waking up. He noticed Mary. 
He asked "Mary is my father here?"  
Mary spoke "He is out side in the hallway waiting."  
Jared spoke "I want to talk to him alone about some thing."  
Mary gave him a small smile and left the room. Uncle Belen his father came in and closed the door.  Uncle Belen got himself a seat staring at his son. 
Jared spoke "Dad, I was trying to make a fire. I saw a wolf it acted like it was sick like rabies. I saw a woman who I recognized to be Katie Snake, Mary’s sister in the shadows. She made a sound and the wolf attacked me. I put up my arms to block the attack. The wolf bit my arms. Luke came running from a wolf form and he took the wolf off my back and killed it snapping its neck.  I saw Mary in the shadows. It was dark and she must have thought Luke killed me because I looked dead. Mary stepped on a twig and ran Luke followed her. After Luke ran off Katie had a gun in hand and it fired hitting me but I faked dead, and she walked away." 
Jared paused. 
Uncle Belen spoke "Continue. What Happened?" 
Jared spoke “Um some man who said his name was Wind in his Hair helped me and he left me at hospital. Except one thing he appeared out of nowhere and disappeared the same way."  
Uncle Belen spoke "I believe he was an ancestor of a family from the past. Rest, I'll tell the statement to the police department.” 
Uncle Belen got up from his seat and walked out of the room. Jared yawned and went to sleep. 

In Port Monaco Detective Wilson was writing reports when the phone rang. He spilled his coffee cup again. 
"Damn it!" He yelled.  
He grabbed the phone saying “Yes, Detective Douglas Wilson here.” 
It was Uncle Belen who told the statement from Jared to Detective Wilson who immediately after pausing he hung up and darted out of his office.
 “Coyote!” He called “Son! Get the car! We're driving to Wolfville! " 
His son Coyote grabbed the keys and ran out side. He had the car on and was in the driver’s seat waiting for his father. Detective Wilson got in and the car roared away. 

Chapter nineteen

Mark came out of the town court house glumly musing over what happened. Katie Snake was found guilty of murdering two officers and her child Claire was under custody to Mark. Lisa Snake was found not guilty but she filed for divorce and custody for her unborn child. There was another problem, an Asylum called Zesky in the town of Tamkan, filed a case that Luke and Ariana should be in asylum. At the court, Mark remembered testified that Luke had saved his life.  Jared came from Wolfville to tell his story. The prosecutor even made Jared admit that Luke acted like a wild animal when he saved his life. Brittany testified with evidence that the prosecutor found some flaws. The jury agreed with the prosecutor and the defense lost. Mark asked if visitors were allowed, but he was told that contact from the outside world was not allowed. Mark felt part of him was torn when Luke was taken away.  After the case was over Mark went home with Brittany. At home in the Morgan mansion Mark sat on the couch thinking about the court case when the phone rang and Mark answered it. 
He heard Lisa’s voice on the line speaking "I don't care what that kid Claire and the baby is a Snake not a Wolf and you'll be hearing from me." 
She hung up. Mark rolled his eyes and hung up the phone. 

Halloween pass with the following months and their holidays as Thanksgiving pass in November now it December. Christmas was coming. It wasn't the same celebrating holidays without Luke. Sadly Mark sat in a chair looking out the window. It was cold in December with some snow on the ground. The Morgan family Mark and Brittany celebrated a family holiday themselves. It wasn't fun without Luke around to tell his jokes. Mark sighed remembering the good times he had with Luke. His sister Brittany came in the living room. She pulled out a chair and sat next to Mark. Out side was snowing. The lawn was covered with white snow.  
Mark spoke "I miss him. I miss the times on the day every year we go out and play in the snow playing games. " 
 Brittany spoke "You’re not the only one who misses him. I got a call from the asylum. They said Ariana already had her baby and it’s a girl named Cheyenne. I asked how Luke is doing. They said he is doing his best to be the best father as he can for Ariana's baby." 
Mark frowned and said "Wait a minute! If Ariana had her kid out this month which means Lisa will have my child soon."  
Brittany put a hand on his shoulder. 
She spoke "Lisa already had her baby awhile ago. It's a boy born premature. The doctors have not seen Lisa after giving birth. They think she went home, but I think she is out here in this area." 
Mark looked at his sister and said "Let's hope she is not at your cabin hiding." 
Brittany laughed and said "Very funny! I boarded the cabin and the cabin is bare so if she gets in she can't survive there. As for the pool house, I boarded it up under lock and key.” 
 Mark nodded and went to the kitchen. Brittany followed him. 

Far in the forest in an old forgotten cabin sitting next to a fire was Lisa Snake. She had on black pants and black turtleneck.  She held a photograph of Mark and her at their honey moon. Mark had his arm around her and he was wearing white shorts and white shirt. Lisa in the picture had a pink sundress.  
Lisa glared at the photograph and said "I'll kill you for you have no honor among us." 
Angrily she tore the picture in half and threw it in the fire. Then she picked up a hand gun and was loading it with bullets. The only noises were the sounds of wolf howling out side and the crackle of the fire as the picture burned including the sound of a gun being loaded.

Chapter Twenty

At the asylum it was a like a large house but inside was like a hospital. The walls were white and the rooms were black with the windows covered. In one of the rooms Luke sat on the hard floor. The room had a sink and a private toilet including a bed. Luke was silent thinking of ways to escape. He knew escape was possible but Ariana needed him to help her take care of the demanding baby. 
He sighed thinking “Yes the baby.”
Luke remembered the asylum doctors arranged for Ariana to have the baby at a local hospital. They weren't sure how the baby will be okay or not so they decide to get it out quickly before any problems would arise. 
“Man” He spoke “Why do doctors think of this crap? What's their problem?"  
Angrily he banged his fist on the floor. The sound echoed through the room. Pain was creeping in his hand but Luke didn't care. All he was thinking about was his brother Mark. Mark was in danger for Lisa could try another murderous attempt when she had the chance. 
Luke yelled "Damn life isn't fair!" 
The door of his room unlocked and opened. It was one of the male orderlies holding a dart gun who said "Luke you have a visitor today. It's the same wolf you gave an injury to." 
Two men came in dragging a cage and they left the room with the nurse who locked the door. Luke looked at the wolf in the cage and saw that it had a note rolled up and tied on the front paws. Luke untied the note from the paw and unrolled it. 
It said "Your twin brother Mark has broken his word not to use a gun.  He shot my sick wolf friend. So he must die by a gun. Lisa Snake"  
In anger Luke crumpled the note and threw it at the wall he howled in frustration. 
He spoke "Damn. That's why the wolf attacked him. When I get my chance I'll escape and confront him of this. "  
He got up and shoved the wolf cage to a corner then he stretched and was practicing boxing moves while changing his form. Slowly an idea came to Luke as he put his plan in motion and escaped. He hid himself secretly in a laundry cart full of sheets that were sent to a washer mat. The cart was carted out to a truck. The truck started and drove on and on. Awhile later the truck got a flat tire and stopped. Luke peered out of the cart as he saw the door, opened the truck door and looked around. They were on an old road with forests at the side.  With instinct of a wolf Luke darted out of the truck and ran into the forests in his wolf form. It was a cold snowy night. The ground was covered with snow. Luke ran in the dark.  He ran toward the direction where the Morgan house lay. Soon he passed Brittany's cabin. At the Morgan home the news of Luke's escape spread and Brittany and Mark learned of this from a call from Detective Wilson.  Police officers arrived and started asking Mark and Brittany hundreds of questions. It was past nine pm when the last officer left. The two sat silent in the TV room thinking.  Brittany got up and stretched. 
She spoke wearily "I'm going upstairs to read and maybe sleep.”
She walked out of the foyer then went up the stairs to her room across the hall from Luke's room. Mark got up and went up the stairs to his room.

Brittany was sitting on her bed reading. She was still wearing her clothes blue jeans, red plaid shirt over a white turtleneck and no shoes on.  Suddenly the lights went out. Brittany put down her book and went to the window.  The pool house lights were on. She saw a figure in white running across the lawn from the forest. She gasped from it was Luke. Without hesitating Brittany knew Lisa was in the house somewhere. Quietly Brittany groped for the doorknob and found it. She edged the door open and listened. There was silence. Slowly she edged herself to the stairs, and then she darted to Mark's room across the hall. 
Opening the door she called softly “Mark? It's Brittany." 
The door opened and Mark dragged her in.  Mark locked the door and locked his door to the adjoining bathroom.  He went to the closet and pulled out his baseball bat and positioned himself near the door.  Brittany darted behind the door and stuck her ear on it listening.

Downstairs Lisa entered the kitchen gun in hand with night vision goggles. She moved quickly and quietly looking in each room on the first floor. When she opened the basement door something lunged at her. She shot it with a silencer. She saw it was an old wolf. Lisa bent to inspect it. At that moment Luke entered the house and into the kitchen. He saw Lisa and she spun around. He pushed her into the basement and closed the door then he ran to the stairs.  Lisa recovered and started shooting her gun where he was before. Luke ducked into his room and locked the door. He entered Mark's room from the bathroom by knocking a secret knock on the door to the bathroom.  His brother Mark and his sister Brittany was there.
Brittany whispered "Luke what's going on there?"  
Luke gave her a piece of paper. Under the light from a low beam flashlight Brittany read it.  Then she handed it to Mark who did the same.  The door to Mark's room was kicked open as Lisa Snake barged in. Luke kicked the gun out of her hands and slammed her against a wall. She sat in recovering from the blow. 
Mark yelled "Lisa Snake are you nuts?"  
Lisa spoke angrily "Family honor never use a gun on wolves, which you broke. I saw you shoot a wolf the one Luke and Ariana found."  
Luke grumbled "I'm going to turn the power back on" 
He let the room. Mark glared at Lisa as glared at him. Brittany got some rope and tied Lisa up and took her down to the kitchen.

Chapter Twenty one

At the police precinct where Detective Wilson worked was busy with activity. A phone rang loudly, startling them. 
An Officer picked it up and spoke "Yes?" 
Then he yelled "It's the Morgans! Lisa Snake tried to kill them and Luke is at the Morgan home!" 
Several officers ran out as Detective Wilson came behind them with his son Coyote.  

Down stairs in the basement at the Morgan home Luke turned the power back on. He went to the sun room to sit down and thinking as he heard a knock at the door. Luke looked and saw Uncle Belen.  Luke opened the door as Uncle Belen handed him a tan leather jacket and boots. 
Then he said "Come Luke I want to talk to you about some thing." 
Luke hurriedly put on the boots and the long jacket. Curious Luke followed his Uncle out the door into the snowy yard. 

The police officers arrived in a matter of minutes. Brittany was in the kitchen, sitting in a chair was Lisa tied up. Mark was looking out the kitchen window over the yard. 
He spoke "Hey is that Luke and Uncle Belen?" 
Detective Wilson answered his question "Mr. Morgan I'm sorry but he was found murdered apparently by Lisa Snake according to her note left at the scene. She also tried to get Jared but he escaped unharmed."  
Brittany spoke "I'm going outside maybe that wasn't Belen, Mark saw."  
Without waiting Brittany grabbed her coat and darted out side with Officer Coyote Wilson followed along. 
Detective Wilson sat down in a chair next to Mark. 
He spoke "Your brother escaped."
Mark spoke "I know, he must have a six sense that he knew I was in trouble and he came to save me again, that I don't know how many times he saved me all my life that I forgot to count.”  
Detective Wilson spoke to two officers Vega and Lin.  They went out side.

Outside Brittany was inspecting footprints on the ground with Wilson observing. Two officers came out. Brittany spoke “Careful! Don't walk on the prints." 
Then she added “I know these prints their Luke and a humanoid wolf the skin walker."  
Officer Lin spoke “skin walker? I heard about that legend, but I don't believe it."  
Officer Vega spoke "Lin!" 
Lin spoke "The weirdest thing in Wolfville was Uncle Belen was found dead but I could have sworn I saw him leave the cabin into thin air!"  
 Brittany spoke "You’re talking about the skin walker who is Belen Morgan the one responsible for giving Cox and Leah bite wounds and the attempt murders on Jared, Mary and Joe Cooper."  Officer Lin spoke "I'm going inside to tell Detective Wilson this." 
Officer Vega wandered over to another officer. 
Brittany added to Coyote Wilson, “The only one who can shoot the skin walker dead without the curse passing, is you, Coyote." 
Officer Wilson believing her asked " Why me?" 
Brittany replied "My family can't fire on wolves or the skin walker will come to the family that carries the curse. So someone whose said to be destined the Hunter, doesn't have the curse can."   Officer Wilson immediately loaded his gun with bullets and stood watching as she inspected the clues on the ground.

In the forest watching was Uncle Belen and Luke.  
Luke broke the silence by saying "What do you want skin walker?"  
Uncle Belen replied "Nothing but I need to tell you this. The skin walker wolf curse has been in our family since I shot a wolf. Your mother's last name which is Wolf has been in our family for generations.  To stop this curse some one will have to shoot me dead and Lisa and your brother have to shoot each other dead. " 
He paused and spoke "You know that promise not to shot a gun for if you do you have to shoot your self dead?"  
Luke answered "Yes." 
Uncle Belen spoke "What I mean is myself, Lisa and Mark has to die by gun at a full moon just to prevent the curse from being fulfilled."   
Luke nodded and looked back he spoke "I've to get back to the house." 
As he ran off Uncle Belen Looked at the moon and said while feeling rage come onto him, "Dear by the One, It is happening again." 

Luke ran out of the forest to the house as his sister saw him. 
"Luke" She yelled "Your back! Get inside! " 
Luke ran inside as Brittany stayed outside.
They noticed Lisa untied her self but still sat in her chair.  Mark was about to say some thing when gunshots were heard. Lisa rushed out side with her gun in hand. Luke followed with Mark who also picked up a gun in hand.  In the yard lying on the ground was a wolf. Its figures were like Uncle Belen's. Officer Wilson's gun was smoking. 
He spoke “If you burn the bodies of this one and his victims, there won't be a skin walker for a long time."  
Enraged Lisa aimed her gun at Officer Wilson and fired. The bullet nicked his shoulder which he staggered. Mark darted between Wilson and Lisa. He aimed his gun at Lisa.  
Mark spoke "You'll have to get me first!" 
Lisa aimed her gun at him and then both guns fired. Mark's bullet hit Lisa in the heart killing her as she hit the ground.  Her bullet hit him but he fell to the snowy ground with pain in his chest.  Luke caught his brother and spoke “Don’t worry your going to be fine. Whatever I said about believing in the legend must be false."  
Mark groaned out “No it's true, and I'll be waiting you as your protector."  
Saying this Luke felt his brother’s soul leave the body. Luke held his brother's dead body and sobbed. Brittany kneeled next to him and gave Luke a comforting hand.  Howls of wolves were heard calling for victory and mourning as the full moon shined. 

Chapter twenty two

A week later in Port Monaco of despite the snowy weather of Christmas, the bodies of the two officers was being burned with the body of Uncle Belen. As for the bodies of Lisa and Mark they were being burned side by side along with the body of Katie who hanged herself in jail.  Around the burning priers watching was Jared and his wife Mary. Detective Wilson and his son were there and along with Brittany holding Claire, Luke holding Lisa's son, Mark named after his father and besides him was Ariana holding her daughter, Cheyenne. In the shadow of the fire sat a wolf. Luke, Ariana and Brittany silently saw it. It bowed its head and the lift it to the moon and howled.  It went away as howls came.  As the embers of the flame on the charred bodies died then the wind picked up and blew away the ashes remains. A wolf howled and then was joined by other wolf howls.

Brittany paused from looking around the house. Timothy Jones Senior the family Lawyer stood next to her, a bald man in a tan suit. 
He asked “You sure you want to sell the house?”
Brittany replied “I’m sure.”
Timothy sighed and asked again “What happened to Luke? I haven’t seen him around.”
Brittany stared at space frowning as she replied “He’s out and running around.” 
Timothy frowned and replied “Oh.”
Brittany nodded. She looked around the house one last time then left. Timothy sighed as he watched her leave to her cabin in the forest. He left the house. He went to his car and saw a wolf standing in the outlines to the forest with another wolf and three cubs. He frowned. The eyes of one of the wolves reminded him of Luke. The wolves stood and then turned and left in the forest. Timothy shivered as he held out the form to the house and signed the name George Patricoly under “New Owner”. 
Then he went to the sale sign and put “Sold” on it. Sighing he went in the car and drove away. 
Somewhere in the forest a wolf howled. 

The End.

Chapter one 2000

 "Ahh!!!" said seventeen year old Michael Ryan scared from hands touching his shoulders in some thumping move startling him from the book he was reading.
And he fell off the chair onto the attic floor. Laugher was heard, Michael angrily threw the book, at the laughing figure.
"Owe!" said the figure. 
 It was his younger sister fourteen year old Tina Ryan. 
She kept laughing and said "Ha ha! I scared you this time!"
 Michael dusted his pants himself and spoke "No, You didn't! You bothered me!" 
Tina stopped laughing. She put her hands on her hips of her jeans. 
She spoke "So? I scared you anyway!"  
She looked at the book Michael threw at her.
Rolling her eyes she asked "Mike, Are you still interested in this stuff about Native Americans? You know Mom won't approve you reading it."
She bent to pick the book up as Michael glared. Then he ran and snatched the book out of his sister Tina's hands and ran down the staircase slamming the door.
Tina sighed and said "Boys! Go figure!"  
When she heard a meow sounded from the Trio's cat Hocus. The Trio was Michael, his sister Tina and seventeen year old Samuel Benson. Tina spoke to the cat, "Oh Hocus, where you been?" 
 She stroked the black cat's fur coat. He meowed in reply and rubbed his head in her face before rubbing his tail across her nose. Tina laughed and picked up Hocus. Then she went downstairs of the apartment building. The Ryan family was mostly Mrs. Claire Ryan, Michael and Tina including a female mixed breed not identified despite claims of wolf/dog hybrid said in their faces soon after adopting her from the pound only answering to the name of Nanook and balking on answering to other names they gave her. They lived in the city suburbs in an apartment in Wolfville, Connecticut. Claire Ryan, the mother, was the cleaning lady of the small six story building called Burke's apartments. She was employed under the land owner Mrs. Billie Burke. Under Mrs. Burke's watchful eye, Michael, Tina, and Sam Benson the only kids in the building were the blame of things when their jokes and playing got too rowdy for the neighbors and residents living in the building. 

Walking down the stairs to the apartment Michael remembered that his Father Octaves Ryan walked out of the family in a fight with his Mother Claire Ryan leaving her with him and Tina. His Father later divorced her later, and died in a plane crash, leaving Claire as a widow and single Mother to Michael and his younger sister Tina. The three used to live in a house in a town in Connecticut but Claire fell on problems of bills and was laid out from her job as a bookseller that she had to sell the house. She packed her two children Michael who was thirteen years old and Tina ten years old, and drove them to Wolfville in another part of Connecticut while looking for a home. Arriving in Wolfville it was days before Claire found both a job and a home for her and her children. It took time for them to get used to the ways of Wolfville while living in the new century including the year of 2000 including a surprised adoption of Nanook by their Mother who always claimed she got her from the pound despite rumors among the city's folks overheard commenting about some loose dog wandering around the neighborhood that hadn't been found or seen since. It has been two years for the Ryan kids being the only kids in the building. Till one afternoon two years ago before the year 2000 arrived, when it was early September before schools would start in. Michael was age fifteen and Tina his younger sister was age twelve, bored sat on the steps leading to the apartment building. Tina sat on the steps wearing sneakers and pink sweats with a white turtleneck long sleeved shirt. She had a blue jacket on. Her long shoulder length brown hair was tied in a ponytail, swayed in the wind. Michael sat opposite from her. He had on blue faded jeans, sneakers and was wearing a red sweatshirt with a denim jacket slung on the banister as he sat bouncing and playing with a basketball. His short brown hair with streaks of blonde swayed in the wind. The traffic on the street was low, with few people mostly adults were walking by. It was a boring dearly life, living in a neighborhood with no kids around their age was beginning to be a drag, to them. Then suddenly a big green truck stopped at Burke's apartments. Men came out of the truck and started taking things out of the truck and were carrying them inside. A black car stopped in front of the truck and out came a red brown haired man in a suit. A red brown haired woman in some purple Sunday dress came out and behind her was a blonde haired boy with brown eyes about Michael’s age in faded blue jeans; tan hiking boots and a blue shirt. He was carrying a black cat. Michael looked up and saw what the commotion was. He nudged his sister Tina from reading a book. She looked up and scooted over to Michael in time. For there were some men carrying stuff up the stairs. The boy's parents went inside with the movers. The blonde haired boy was left outside. 
Carrying the cat he sat next to Tina and said "Hi! Sam Benson, The cat's name is Hocus and it's a he." 
This marked the beginning of a friendship between the three which were later called the Trio by the apartment building's natives.

Chapter two

They have been living in the apartment building having fun of thinking up jokes to play on Mrs. Burke, to get back at her for being a meanie and not having a good sense of humor to their jokes played onto her. 
One night around midnight sixteen year old Sam who was sleeping over in the Ryan apartment, dared sixteen year old Michael to go up into the attic. The boys also woke up Tina because they wanted her to share the fun. The three went into the hallway careful not to wake up Claire, armed with flashlights because it was dark. When the Trio got to the attic the flashlights died out. Then a white glowing figure with chains leaped at them. All three were suddenly grabbed from behind by people who dumped stuff like feathers on them. There were booms of laugher. Someone turned the lights on then there was a scream. The screamer was Claire who turned the light on and saw three people in feathery attire draped around them. The Trio was surprised as Claire to see everyone who was living in the building was there. The white figure took a mask he was wearing off.
The figure said "I hope it will teach you trio, not to play any jokes when we don't like it."
Michael groaned, for he recognized the voice belonging to Mrs. Burke. 
Mrs. Burke spoke in a serious voice "I have permission from the Bensons and Claire that you can play in the attic whenever you want. But" holding a finger up, like a Mother lecturing "Play your jokes onto each other in the attic period." 

Chapter three

For as many times they could, the Trio would sometimes go in the attic and look around, maybe to explore. That was when Michael opened box full of books. As he was looking through when he found a book and became in grossed reading when his sister Tina started him. Sam with Nanook was exploring stuff when the attic door slammed. He looked up in time to see Tina carrying Hocus go down the attic stairs. 
He yelled "Hey Tee Na! Wait for me! I'm coming!" 
He did a jump over some boxes and ran down the attic staircase with Nanook trailing at his heels yapping.

In the Ryan apartment, Claire Ryan was on the phone angrily. 
She was saying " What?! " pause "I've got two kids, to take care of and you have to dump Sam on me?" 
Then she slammed the phone down on the table so hard that it bounced off and fell off the table.
Michael who came in asked "Dump Sam on you?"
Claire looked at her son. She he saw ran a hand through her brown spiked hair.
Then she spoke "It was the Bensons, they dumped Sam on me."
She added to herself he overheard "Forcefully"
Then she spoke "I was told from Taylor Benson, Sam's mom. The Bensons were going to live here for Sam to make friends but because of her husband Alex's job, at the Briny Modeling Agency." 
She paused and then said "They have to travel to Europe to live and work for the company for half of the school year. Taylor explained to me that she doesn't want Sam to miss any school work and besides she didn't want Sam to go to a boarding school." 
His Mother Michael noticed seemed to sense Sam and Tina standing in the doorway silently next to him smiled said "Hi Sam! Your parents called on the phone, and we'll to take you in while their in Europe for your Father's job." 
She surprised them by saying after groans were heard "Anybody for pizza because I'm ordering." 
Tina sighed for relief, for her Mother was never a good cook.

Chapter four

Since the day Sam was joined as a member of the Ryan family. Life couldn't have been better without Sam's comedy routines using swear words such as “fuck and shit”. School was in Tina's liking but the boys complained. One day in June the Trio were home from school and were in the attic talking about the last day of school which was tomorrow when Claire came home early from her cleaning job.
She came up the attic stairs where she yelled "Boys! Tina! Get down here! I got news from Sam's parents in Europe!" 
There was a clatter of thudding of three pairs of feet along with yapping and meows from the pets. Claire was holding a piece of paper. 
She handed it to Sam saying "Here read it."
Sam noticing the look on her face that it wasn't good. 
He read out loud "Dear Sam, How are things going? Your Dad got a promotion. So it looks like, we will have to stay longer than I thought. We're coming home soon to get you. Your Father thinks you should stay with us, so when you get to Europe we'll take you on a tour of Europe then off to boarding school where you'll stay till you're eighteen. Is that fantastic? You will finally be with boys your age. Affectingly Mom Taylor Benson."
Sam crumpled the letter and said "Fuck it! I wish their plane would crash. They weren't my parents anyway."
Tina asked "Wait a minute! You’re adopted?"
Sam answered, "Yup, since I was a baby I never knew my parents. My name used to be some name called Wilson something but Taylor insisted I change my name to Samuel Benson"
At the sound of the name Wilson, Claire stiffened unnoticed.
Claire got her pocket book and said "Come on guys! Anyone for Italian food, a going away celebration for Sam."
A weak chorus of “All Rights!” was heard by Claire who sighed. It would hurt that Sam was going away after a lengthy friendship. The four left the apartment. 

Chapter five

It was long after dark when they came back home. After eating at an Italian restaurant, they went to an arcade where the boys played games with Tina sometimes. 
Claire opened the apartment door and spoke "Tina, boys it's time for bed school is tomorrow and you don't want to miss it."
Sighing and yawning Tina managed to carry the cat Hocus and went into her bedroom. The boys dawdled before Claire rushed them into their bedroom. An hour later of watching the news Claire yawned and went to bed. Up on the roof of the apartment building in the dark sat a figure. The figure was a man in ripped blue jeans and a blue ripped T-shirt. His hair was long blonde perm and a little spiked. Silently he jumped off the building to the fire escape. His form changed to a wolf as he ran down the fire escape. 
He ran out of the city suburbs to the forest on the edge of the city till he reached a figure in black with features hidden in a hood stood spoke in a muffled voice, "Report Daniel."
Daniel answered the figure "I have sighted the male under the name Michael Ryan that can be another candidate."
The figure in black person spoke "Time to wait and see if Michael will join us."
Daniel spoke "If he tries to refuse?"
"He won't for you'll choose for him” said the figure in black.
Daniel hearing that nodded his head in agreement. 

Chapter six

It was early in the morning when Claire roused the kids. The boys groaned and moaned as they woke up and dressed. Tina woke up immediately and dressed. The boys came into the kitchen to eat. Sam fed the cat while Tina gave Nanook her unusual dog chow.
Claire yelled "Kids you’re going to have to get alarm clocks! Hurry up and eat and get ready for school!"
As the Trio ate Claire cleaned the living room with the vacuum cleaner. 
Looking at the clock Claire yelled "Kids get ready and wait at the bus stop!"
The Trio left the apartment and went outside of the building. The streets were busy with morning time activity. It took a while to get to the school bus stop at the end of their street. They stood waiting till a minivan came up to them by the curb where they were waiting with a school bus sign on it. Michael recognized the driver to be Mrs. Cynthia Watts, Tina’s driver to school. 
She opened the car door of her green minivan and spoke "Tina! Thanks for waiting. Get in I'll drive you to school. Boys you two will have to take the bus to high school."
When Tina got in and closed the door Mrs. Watts drove off. 
Sam spoke "Lucky! She gets to go to school with Mrs. Watts instead of a wicky old school bus. Humph!" 
 Michael spoke "Chill out Sam. She'll be going to high school next year so Tina will be taking the wicky bus."
The boys didn't have to wait long for the school bus to the high school pulled up. It was a yellow dirty color like it hadn't been cleaned. It rattled and shook as it slowed to stop. The bus driver a lady of forties' sat impatiently as Michael and Sam got on.
A boy yelled "Hurry up Ryans! I wanna ged oud of dis bus!"  
Michael laughed recognizing the voice belonging to foreign exchanged student Vladimir Kystov. Still laughing Michael sat down with Sam. The bus roared and went into the busy streets to school. 

At the high school, both boys, were practically in the same classes except gym and history. In the last class, history, Michael sat bored in the second row of the third seat. The lecture his history teacher Mr. Duke was talking about summer school was putting him to sleep. Michael almost daydreamed when Mr. Duke mentioned that they could ask him any questions which got him wide eyed and awake. Michael bravely raised his hand. 
Mr. Duke called on him “Yes Michael?”
Michael asked “What do you know of skin walkers?”
Mr. Duke sputtered and stammered out “Their Native American Legend that people could change their skin as an animal or something like that.” 
Then suddenly the bell rang loudly ending school over for the summer vacation. Michael gathered his stuff. Kids joyously ran out of their classes to their lockers. It was chaos of teenagers at their lockers frantically trying to clean it out in a hurry with mobs of teenagers running out of the school, to start their vacations. Michael ran through the crowd looking for Sam. He spotted the familiar blonde head in the crowd. Edging over to him Michael tapped him on the shoulder. 
Sam turned around and said "Where have you been Mike?"
Michael glared and dragged him to their bus. 
Michael complained "I really can't wait to get a motorbike it's ridiculous to ride home by bus."
Sam spoke "So? Quit complaining!" 

At the middle school Tina sat in the back of the room of Mrs. Pollack's resource class her last class of the school year. Some kids were talking about what they were going to do during the summer time. Penny Worthington, a blond haired girl was blabbering to anyone about spending the summer in Spain. Tina was half listening to Penny's chatter. She was thinking of having to spend the summer in that hot smoggy city suburbs in an apartment. Soon she would have to get a job working at Mr. Lu's big grocery store. She would be the third person of the Trio to get a job at the grocery store.  
She was so busy thinking when Penny spoke "Tina! Tina! Yoo hoo!"
Penny waved a hand in front of Tina's face. 
Startled Tina asked Penny "What?"
Penny giggled and said " Lucky you! Your Mom has come to take you home!"
Tina smiled and hugged her good bye then stood up and gathered her books. She left with her blue skirt swishing. Outside the school Claire sat in the family's red car waiting for her daughter to come. Claire was bursting with news but it had to wait. At last Tina came wearing a short mid length red and white shirt with a blue skirt and tennis shoes came hurrying with her brown hair swinging. She opened the car door and got in closing the car door behind her and put her seat belt on. 
When she was settled she spoke "Hey Mom thanks for picking me up early."
Claire laughed and said "I got some great and bad news. So I wanted to share it when all three are together." 
Tina nodded and opened one of her books and started reading. Claire started the car and drove on to the streets of the city suburbs to their home.

It took thirty minutes to drive through the busy streets of the traffic to get home to the apartment building. On the front steps waiting were Sam and Michael. Nanook slept in the sun on the stairwell. Hocus was seen on the window of the Ryan apartment looking out. Claire drove up and parked the car then she and Tina got out. 
Michael spoke "Mom what's new?" 
Sam spoke “Yo! What's going on? "
Claire answered them "The news I have are in these envelopes."
She held them up. She handed one to Sam who tore it open in a hurry. He skimmed it for a few minutes before crumpling it up and threw it down. 
Michael asked " Sam what's wrong?" 
Sam answered "I got my fucking wish. It's my adoptive parents; they died in a plane crash coming home." 
He paused and then he was about to say something before running inside. 
Michael tried to follow but Claire put a hand on his arm and said "I think Sam needs some time alone." 
Tina asked "Mom what's the other news?"  
Claire handed the other envelope to Tina. She pulled out the letter and read it with Michael looking over her shoulder.
Then the two yelled "All right!" 
While giving each other high fives, as Michael couldn't help doing some dancing, on the side walk. 
Claire spoke "We better find Sam and share it with him" as they darted in side.

Chapter seven

It was late in the afternoon when Michael after a while of searching found Sam with help from the dog Nanook sitting in the corner in the attic. Sam looked up to see Michael walk over to him. He sat down on the bare floor next to where Sam was sitting. 
Michael spoke "I know how you feel. We lost our Father in a plane crash after he divorced our Mother."
He paused and sighed then he said "How are you doing?"
Sam spoke not looking at Michael "Fine what the fuck do you want?" 
Michael shrugged and spoke "To tell you the other news."
Sam looked at him and said "I suppose it was fucking good news?
Michael answered him "Yep. It's from our Grandfather, Mom's Father George Patricoly. He invited all of us including you to stay at his home in Port Monaco, Connecticut."
He pause waiting for Sam to say something then he spoke "Do ya wanna come along?"
Sam spoke "Can Nanook and Hocus come?” 
Michael smiled and punched him playfully in the arm "Yep the animals are coming. So are you coming down to eat dinner?" 
Smiling Sam got up with Michael behind him they went downstairs to the Ryan apartment. Inside was a going away party host by Mrs. Burke and several of the residents were there partying.

The following days following the party were hectic of Claire turning the apartment upside down to find useful stuff to pack. The furniture was staying for they were extras, belonged to Mrs. Burke. Sam packed most of his things, clothes, comic books, and the cat's bowls and toys. He managed to fit this in one big suitcase. Michael packed two suitcases and Tina used one suitcase for her stuff and the other suitcase for Nanook's dishes and dog chows and treats. Claire packed a total of three suitcases which made eight suitcases. It was Tina who discovered that Claire's car was too small and didn't have enough room for all of the suitcases and the trio including the animals. Mrs. Burke saved the day by lending her big white station wagon and got Claire's car in return. Then they finished packing and some last minute preparations loaded up the station wagon. Then after lunching with Mrs. Burke they bid good bye and left on their way to Port Monaco. 
But before they left Sam made a sign that read "From Hell to Port Monaco or bust". 
On the back of the car a fact unknown to Claire who found out later on the trip. 

Chapter eight

It took nearly hours to get to Port Monaco due to Nanook complaining of bathroom along with similar complaints from the Trio including stopping to let Hocus out of the car due to him appearing to try to go to the bathroom which the cat didn't complain to expelling once out of the car and watched heavily by Sam his owner. During the ride Nanook tried to chase Hocus the cat. They were running around the car and wouldn't stay put. It was so amusing to Sam and Tina but annoying to Claire. Michael wasn't interested for he was looking out the window. Claire stopped the car at a rest stop and she strapped Nanook tight in the back with a seat belt. The cat she put in his carrier and closed it enough for him to stick his nose out. Sam thought Hocus looked funny. Satisfied Claire got in the driver's seat and started the car on the road again ignoring people's requests for bathroom due to feeling fed up with stopping for that. Michael spent the trip staring out the window after getting the message that his Mother wasn't going to stop for another bathroom trip which his sister Tina wound up reading a book in response to their mother's ignoring their bathroom requests. Sam sat in the front bored with the cat in his carrier. 
When they were a few miles before the border to Port Monaco, Tina spoke "Look there's the beach and it's the lake!"
Sam peered behind him to noticed Michael watching a girl in a bikini rollerblading on the board walk. 
Sam spoke "Mrs. Ryan, Michael interested in that girl in a bikini rollerblading" 
Claire looked and spoke "Michael quit gawking at her!" 
Michael turned away from the window and glared at Sam. 
"Spoil sport" he mouthed. 
Sam laughed then resumed looking away.

A billboard of a house with trees, on the entrance to the tunnel wall said "Welcome to Port Monaco!"
Then the car went into a tunnel before coming out. The scenery was houses sitting in rows but some of them looked worn and old. 
A big sign with a picture of the lake and a port said "Port Monaco" 
As they passed Michael looked behind to see written in graffiti were words "Punk rock and roll town of the world!" 
Stores and restaurants sat in groups like an outdoor mall. On the beach was a big amusement park with all kinds of rides and roller coasters including venders and booths selling stuff. One of the booths caught Michael's interest. The booth was selling a motorbike at three hundred and sixty dollars. The motorbike was a little old with red on it. It brought Michael memories of riding a friends’ motorbike at the school parking lot while learning to get his license. 
Michael spoke "Mom can you stop the car? It's been a long time and I need to stretch." 
Claire parked the car and looked at Michael. 
She spoke "You got your eye on that motorbike? Well its fine with me, go buy it."
Michael darted out the car. He pulled out the five hundred dollars he had been saving from his pocket and thumbed out three hundred and sixty to the vender who wordlessly took the money and didn't seem to care that he was a teenager which he took the motorbike and started riding it around along with finding a gas station to fill up the tank fully of gas due to its sputtering noises was indicating it low of gas.
Claire spoke soon after Michael darted out "Sam, Tina would you two get the pets out? They might have to go. So go buy some thing. Stretch your legs." 
She got out from the car and went into the town hall building. Sam came out carrying Hocus and Tina had Nanook on a leash. Tina spotted a booth selling clothes and went to it. Sam stood by the car and looked around. He spotted a comic book booth and was walking to it. A girl with long blonde hair that was almost white came and bumped into Sam. 
She spoke angrily "Will you watch where you’re going you fucking punk!" 
She walked off in a huff and disappeared in the crowd. Sam stuck his middle finger at her form and went into the comic book booth.

Chapter nine

An hour later Michael, after buying the motorbike practiced driving it till he could control it. He stood leaning on the Ryan station wagon with the motorbike next to him. Sam came running up reading a thick comic book in one hand and the cat in the other hand. Then Tina came with two bags full in hand. Nanook was behind Tina on her leash. Tina put her bags down and weeded through it and pulled out black leather like jacket. 
Tina spoke "Here Michael for you to wear on your motorbike to look cool." 
She handed it to Michael who took it and put it on. The jacket fit him perfectly. 
"Thanks" He told his sister.
Claire came out from a booth with a shiny gray helmet in hand and a bag and came up to the Trio waving the helmet in Michael's face. 
She spoke "Michael the helmet is for reckless driving and is part of the Port Monaco ordinance." 
She put the helmet on Michael’s head who grumbled the word fuck loudly she ignored. She pulled out a pair of white high top sneakers and waved them in front of Sam.
Sam looked up and asked "Do I have to wear them? The hiking boots were from my real Father because they used to be his."
Claire spoke "Sam, wear which ever you want but I would like it if you wore them. I'm sick of hearing that thump noise coming from your boots." 
Sighing Sam took them and put them in the car. Tina put her bags in the car and got in as Michael sat on his bike waiting Claire pulled out a package and handed it to Tina. Claire then got in the drivers' seat as Sam sat next to Tina. Tina opened the package and was delighted to see several books on her favorite animal horses.
She spoke "Thanks Mom now I can do horse riding and read too.”
Claire smiled and started the car. She waved her arm out the window as a signal to start. Then she drove the car through the streets with Michael on his motorbike following behind.

As the car went through the busy streets there were people dressed in styles of leather, dyed hair, and paint on faces, cutoffs and tie dye clothes. 
Sam asked " Mrs. Ryan, What fad it that?" 
Claire answered "Sam, you may call me Claire and Port Monaco is mostly a punk rock and roll town including ex‑hippies. But don't worry it's my kind of town." 
Laughing she turned the car down the lane of trees and then she droved the car on the dirt driveway and stopped the car in one of the parking spaces. 
Claire got out and said "Well this is it. What do you think?"
Michael followed Claire by motorbike and parked it next to the Ryan car. 
Michael spoke uncaring if his Mother heard him "Great we’re living in an old fucking wreck.”
He meant the house’s forlorn shape and was apparently neglected. It was violet color and three stories high. The front door of the house opened and an old white haired man came out with a cane onto the porch. He had on a faded long sleeve shirt and faded denims. On his feet were moccasins decorated with beads. When Claire saw him she ran into his arms and the two hugged for he was her Father George Patricoly. Grandfather Patricoly came to the car with an arm around his daughter. His other hand was holding onto a cane. 
He spoke "Claire is you going to introduce your kids and the pets?" 
Michael came walking around the car. He had the helmet under his arm and he was still wearing the jacket. 
Claire spoke "This is my eldest son, Michael Octaves Ryan. The dog is a female named Nanook." 
When Sam opened the car door and Nanook jumped out with Tina. Sam came out with Hocus in hand. 
Grandfather Patricoly noticed Sam asked "Hey there! Who is this?" 
Claire answered "This is Samuel Benson. His parents trusted him in our care. So I'm keeping him." 
Grandfather Patricoly spoke "You can call me George, or Grandfather, whose cat is that?"
Claire spoke "When we got Sam, we got Hocus."
Grandfather noticed Tina, he spoke " Claire is that your daughter too?"
Claire spoke "Yes this is Natina Maria Ryan. She prefers to be called Tina." 
Grandfather spoke "Come on kids! What are we standing around for? Let's get your stuff inside!" 

Unpacking the car took awhile with so many stuff crammed in the car and on top. Grandfather despite Claire’s objections helped unload the car. When he and Claire were inside unpacking kitchen stuff the Trio was outside picking up their suitcases. 
Sam spoke "Natina is that your full name?" 
Tina glared and said " Yes and I resent being called by that fucking name so don't ever say it to me in my face or refer it to me period." 
Sam glared back and grabbed his suitcase and went into the large living room towards the stairs as he was walking by the double swinging doors of the kitchen when he heard voices. They were Grandfather and Claire. 
Grandfather was saying "Claire I wrote to you and invited you here for I was getting worried. That something might happen to either one of you." 
Claire spoke "What are you worried about? I've been living in Wolfville city suburbs for years and nothing happened to any of us." 
Grandfather spoke "There's been sightings of wolves in Wolfville."
Claire spoke "I'm shocked for I was never told of this." 
Grandfather spoke "There has been wolves’ murders and attacks in the Wolfville city suburbs so I had to get you to safety." 

Sam who had been busy eavesdropping with Michael and Tina felt himself being pushed in. The door swung open as the Trio fell hitting the wooden floor. Grandfather and Claire who were sitting at the table looked at the commotion.
Grandfather spoke "Jojo! Did you push them?"
Michael turned and gasped at Jojo. She appeared to be about his age, seventeen. She had long pale blonde hair to her waist with side bangs and blue eyes. She straightened her blue overalls that had dirt on them. Under her overalls was a white T-shirt top.
She spoke angrily "There! They must be the punks that have been prowling on your land."
Claire glared and said coolly "Excuse Me! But these three" pointing at them "Are my children"
Jojo held her hands up which had garden gloves on spoke "Well sorry I had no idea that they were George's grandchildren. But I don't think the blonde is one of yours. For I recall Mrs. Ryan had two children."
Sam spoke "I was taken under the care of Mrs. Ryan after my parents died in a plane crash."
Jojo spoke coolly "So it was you that rudely bumped into me at the fair."
Sam glared and said "Fuck off!" 
Jojo rebelled "Fuck you yourself!" 
Grandfather spoke "Jojo! Sam! Knock it off! Jojo you may take the rest of the day off." 
She they saw walked out of the kitchen slamming the double swing doors that it still swung. 
Tina asked "Who is that snob?”
Grandfather replied "She's Jojo Ioniel the daughter of the Ioniels family our nearest neighbors."
He paused and said "What are we waiting for get back to unpacking!" 

Chapter ten

Jojo left the house by the back door. She quickened her pace till she was almost running through the forest. She ran down a big hill till she reached the bottom. She looked around to see if she was being followed. Then she waited as a hooded figure in black walked from around a tree. 
The figure spoke muffled "Do you have any news to report Jojo?"
Jojo spoke "I saw candidate Michael Octaves Ryan there with his family."
The figure said "Good."
Jojo added "One more thing, there's an interference a dog named Nanook, a cat named Hocus and Sam Benson who Mrs. Ryan took under her care. I'm not sure if Tina Ryan, Michael's sister can interfere."
The figure spoke "Very well but invite Michael to visit your family. He will be another addition to the clan." 
The figure disappeared in the forest as Jojo left and hurried to the house. 

In the house Grandfather gave the trio to their rooms. Because of his health Grandfather slept in one of the extra bedrooms on the first floor. For the trio he let them pick whatever rooms they wanted upstairs on the second floor. He gave Claire the room next to his. She was worried about him for Grandfather looked frail enough to hurt himself seriously. Upstairs the trio was exploring the rooms. The trio saw that there was a bathroom at the end of the hallway and there were three rooms in a row on the left and three in a row on the right. The wall paper was old and yellow of pink small flowers on it. The doors were white with numbers in gold plate on them. 
Tina spoke "I'm going to take a look on the left." 
She opened door number three and looked in. The room was furnished with brown furniture and white curtains and a Native American styled oval rug, and attached to Number one was a room like Number three was another bathroom. Sam left his stuff in room number three. The trio inspected numbers four on the right. It was the same as room’s number one and three. Number five was an empty room that had miles of boxes in it. Number six was locked. Michael left his stuff in room number one. Tina did the same by picking room number four. The trio heard Grandfather call them down.

In the kitchen Jojo prepared lemonade in cups as refreshment. She set six cups and put them on a tray and carried them to the TV room which was where the stairway was to upstairs. The TV room was the biggest room in the house. It was furnished with brown panels and a stone fireplace. The furniture was old with covers of Native American designs on them. Jojo carried the tray on to the coffee table where she set it down. The Ryans were sitting near the fire place. They were talking about how things were going in the city suburbs and were still at it when Jojo came from the kitchen.
She spoke "Excuse me. I brought lemonade courtesy of the Ioniel fruit orchard farm."
She stood waiting. 
Grandfather spoke "Thank you Jojo."
He picked a cup of lemonade and drank. Claire did the same and so did Tina. 
Michael who was staring at her picked his cup and spoke "I suppose judging from your accent that you’re Romanian?" 
Jojo spoke "Yes my family is from Romania and nobody in our family is Native American." 
Michael stared questioningly. She pointed to Tina's book which the title indicating Native Americans was seen.
Grandfather spoke "Jojo would you mind getting Sam to get down here and try this lemonade?"
Jojo nodded and went upstairs. The family resumed talking but Michael went upstairs.
Tina asked "Grandfather, How did you hire Jojo?" 
Grandfather put down his cup and thought for a minute. 
He spoke "The Ioniels have been my neighbors for a long time since I first brought this house. When I injured myself the doctor told me to use a cane for walking and do limited activities which mean caring for the horses, fixing the fence and keeping this place neat. So the Ioniels sent Jojo help me for the rest of the summer till school."
Tina asked " Hey where's Sam?" 

Sam was exploring his room with the cat Hocus on his bed. It had an adjoining bathroom which connected his room and Michael's. First he explored the closet in his room, it was solid wall and its back was to the hallway. Disappointed he was expecting a secret door to a passage. He went out of his room and saw Michael on the stairs with Jojo. They were both talking. Sam picked up Hocus and inspected room number five where he explored every inch of it. Curiously he was looking in the boxes when he heard Hocus on the window still meow. Sam went to the window and saw a blonde haired figure in ripped attire walking away from the house. Sam figured he would have to ask about it later. Sam went out in the hallway. Jojo and Michael were still talking. He eavesdropped on them. They were saying:
Michael: “What do you know of skin walkers?”
Jojo: “That their Native American legend around here in Port Monaco.”.
Michael: “Oh. What do you know who owned the house before Grandpa?”
Jojo: “From what I know some family who died off and a last living relative sold it.” 

Sam came walking to the library room which was a loft with a computer and bookshelves on the sides. He stood watching Jojo and Michael talk. Jojo turned and glared at Sam. 
She spoke “Eavesdropping? I could hear you from the hallway.” 
Michael glared and spoke “Sam, you’re wanted downstairs.”
Sam sighed and walked down the stairs to the TV room. Claire and her Father sat with Tina talking. They stopped talking when Sam entered the room with Hocus the cat following. Nanook abruptly got up and barked and proceeded to chase Hocus around the room. Tina sighed and got up to grab Nanook by the collar and then hauled the dog outside. Sam sat and noticed Grandfather and Claire exchange looks. 
Sam asked “Well, what did I miss?” 
Grandfather cleared his throat and spoke “It’s about time for me to go to bed. It’s getting late.”
He gave Claire an affectionate pat on her head and got up limping with his cane to one of the bedrooms on the first floor of the house. Sam gave Claire a questioning look. 
Claire sighed and spoke “This house used to belong to the Morgan family for generations before several tragedies led to them selling it before you and the kids were born. From time to time I would see wolves in the forest of Port Monaco. There’s an old town legend about the Morgan family. It’s said that they were skin walkers’ people who could change their forms, mostly wolves. They were twin brothers, Luke and Mark and an older sister named Brittany Morgan. According to my father, Mark died here out there. This happened in the year 1977.” 
She gestured to the windows overlooking the back yard lawn towards the pool house. 
Then she continued “After Mark’s death Luke and his wife Ariana Nicholas and their daughter Cheyenne, Mark’s son, Mark Junior and another daughter named Claire disappeared never to be seen again. Local legend is that two wolves and three cubs were seen hanging around the house before Brittany Morgan sold the house and its grounds.”
Claire sighed. 
Sam asked “What happened next?”
Claire answered “Brittany Morgan later became a recluse and hasn’t been seen in town lately but she mostly hung around the house a few times when I was there, but I haven’t seen her since. No one in town knows where’s she is. They still have trouble finding her cabin till the present day it’s still a mystery where it is.”
The clock chimed ten times. 
Claire got up and spoke “I believe it’s your bedtime. Go.” 
Sam watched her go out the back door and stare at the sky. He went to the window as Tina came in. 
She grumbled “Fucking cat always torturing Nanook.” 
Noticing Sam staring out the window she spoke “What are you doing?” 
Sam looked at her and answered “Nothing”. 
He went up the stairs with a confused Tina following him. 

Outside Claire shivered in the cold. She could see a several grave stones lying in the yard under some forlorn trees. 
She went over to them and read the words "In loving memory: Christian Morgan and Cheyenne Wolf-Morgan." 
At that moment a wolf howled joined by several voices of the wolves howling. Claire shivered. Sighing she turned and went inside the house. 

Chapter eleven

Inside sleep didn’t come easily for Sam. He wondered about the story he was told. Hocus who was in his room meowed and he got up and looked out the window. A white wolf was sitting there staring at the window. Sam frowned and opened the window. The wolf ran away towards the forest. Sam watched it leave. He had a strange feeling like he knew that wolf wanted to tell him something. Sighing he went back to bed. He didn’t see Michael peering out the bathroom door adjoining their rooms watching him. Michael slowly closed the door and went to his room. He stood staring out the window in his room. Michael frowned about what Jojo told him about the wolves. She told him that they were frequent around the forests of the town of Port Monaco. She also told him that the locals treated the wolves like they were to be feared because of what happened to the Morgan family. Michael sighed and went back to bed. 

Morning came with her ray of sunshine on the forest near the forlorn house. Jojo stood in the corral brushing a horse. It was a brown chestnut mare who snickered softly and shook its head. 
Jojo was startled when she heard Michael say “Nice horse.” 
She looked at him leaning on the fence watching her. 
Jojo spoke “Out with it. What’s your purpose of being here this early?”
Michael replied “Me? I’m just checking out the grounds and seeing every thing. I haven’t been here before.” 
Jojo kept brushing the horse and said “Keep looking. There’s a barn down that way with other horses. Feel free to go horse back riding.” 
Michael spoke “I don’t know how to ride a horse.” 
As he admired Jojo wearing jeans that showed her curves and the t-shirt that hugged to her frame. He felt a feeling of a tug in him and stood leaning against the fence watching her. Jojo kept brushing the mare she named “Honeycomb”. Honeycomb snickered and stood. 
Soon Michael’s staring got the best of her and she protested “Enough! Michael, take yourself to the barn and stop staring at me. You’re upsetting the horse.”
Michael groaned and walked away towards the barn. He had to walk through the forest on a dirt driveway towards the red barn. As he neared it, a young man appearing to be about his age, wearing punk attire of ripped blue jeans with a blue ripped t-shirt at the sleeves came from around the tree. His hair was a long perm yellow color and a bit spiked at the top of his head. He stood in front of Michael. Michael froze staring at him. The punk’s eyes were a cold brown color bore into Michael’s hazel eyes. 
Michael asked “My name’s Michael. You are?” 
The punk answered “Daniel. Stay away from her. She’s mine, not yours.” 
Confused Michael asked “Who?” 
Instead of answering Daniel turned away and walked away. Michael jogged chasing after him. Daniel ran through some bushes and around trees losing Michael. Michael reached a tree and saw a black wolf there sitting there. He froze staring at the wolf in the eyes. The wolf sat then turned around and ran away. Michael frowned then walked further into the forest. He looked around feeling a little lost. He heard a sound of a horse neighing and followed the sound till he reached the dirt driveway where Jojo was leading the horse towards the barn. He followed with a confused look on his face. 
Jojo annoyingly told him “Are you going to follow me all day?”
Michael replied “No. I saw a guy who told me his name was Daniel. He told me to stay away from her. Who’s he?”
At the sound of the name Daniel, Jojo sniffed and frowned as she led Honeycomb down the path towards the barn. 
She replied to Michael’s question “He’s my boyfriend Daniel.” 
While noticing a flicker of jealously in Michael’s face then continued speaking “So stop following me.” 
Michael stood staring at her figure as she walked towards the barn. 
He yelled “Hey! Is your name Jojo, Romanian?” 
Jojo yelled back “It’s a nickname for Georgina!”
Then she kept walking towards the barn. Michael stood stewing and stormed back towards the house. 

Jojo kept walking towards the barn. She neared a tree and Daniel stepped out glaring at her. 
He spoke “I don’t appreciate that Human, being near you.” 
Jojo answered “He’s one of us and doesn’t know it yet but if time is right he’ll know soon enough.” 
Daniel glared again spoke “I hope your right.”
Then he kissed Jojo on the lips and strode into the forest. Jojo sighed and kept walking towards the barn. 

At the barn Tina stood playing with Nanook. She threw a thick blue ball and Nanook ran and chased it. Then Nanook brought it back to Tina who threw it again. She saw Jojo came in with Honeycomb the horse. Tina squealed of delight and forgetting Nanook and her ball walked towards the horse and gave the horse back a rub. 
Jojo smiled and spoke “Like her? Her name is Honeycomb and she’s one of the horses in the coral.” 
Tina sighed of delight and gave Honeycomb a hug and said “Ah heaven. I love horses because my favorite. I love to learn lots about them.” 
She looked at Jojo and asked “When can I ride her?” 
Jojo thought for a minute and spoke “Soon, she’s a little skitterish towards people riding her.” 
Tina followed Jojo leading Honeycomb towards the barn. She heard Nanook whining and looked at the dog. The ball was in her mouth and Nanook wagged her tail respectively. Tina took the ball and threw it into the forest with Nanook chasing after it. Tina followed Jojo into the barn. Jojo led Honeycomb towards a stall and gave her some hay to munch on. Tina stood watching her gave Honeycomb some carrots to eat when she heard growling. She looked towards her left to see a black wolf standing at the entrance to the barn growling at her. 
Jojo hearing the growling and went to stand next to Tina and whispered “Don’t move or make a sound.”
The wolf growled then Nanook came with her ball and the wolf ran away. Nanook dropped her ball and cocked her head as if saying a question. 
Tina asked “What? Was that a skin walker?”
Jojo stiffened but answered “I don’t know. Come on lets go back to the house. It’s not safe here.” 
Tina sighed and followed Jojo to the house. Nanook followed holding her ball in her mouth. 

Chapter twelve

At the house Michael sat in the living room staring at the fire place. His Grandfather George sat in an armchair asleep. Michael stormed outside towards the pool house. He noticed his Mother standing near something like a statue of a gray wolf. The wolf moved and stared at him and then ran away. Claire looked up to see Michael looking at them. She waved him over. 
He ran over and asked “What’s with the wolf?” 
Claire answered “I have no idea except I thought it was a statue at first but it moved and ran away. Take a look.” 
She gestured to the ground. Michael saw a headstone with the names Christian Morgan and Cheyenne Wolf-Morgan. Michael frowned staring at the headstone. On the ground in front of the head stone were two headstones with the two names and dates of their births and deaths. Michael noticed the date and saw it was before he was born. Tina came bounding out the door with a sleepy Sam. She skipped towards her brother and mother and noticed their sad expressions. Michael pointed and she saw where he pointed. On the ground were a large headstone and two small ones. Tina read the names and dates. Sam yawned and stared at the headstones. 
He grumbled out “Tina woke me up blathering about horses and you show me some headstones?” 
Michael told him “Take a look and read the names.” 
Sam read the names and spoke out loud “Christian Morgan and Cheyenne Wolf-Morgan. Oh the people of the local legend”
Claire said “No the parents of Brittany, and the twins Luke and Mark Morgan, the local legend.” 
Sam rubbed his eyes and yawned again. Nanook whined wagging her tail staring at the house. Michael noticed Jojo peering out the kitchen window as she busied herself in the kitchen helping her mother Raya Ioniel make lunch for George and family. 
Claire spoke “When my father brought the house the kitchen was on the small size and he did some renovations, including adding a barn for horses.” 
Michael asked “What about the pool house?”
Claire sighed and answered “The original pool house was burned down. The fire department suspect arson but the arsonist was never found. Your Grandfather built a new one in its spot.” 
Then they heard a bell ringing and looked towards the house. Out the porch was Jojo ringing a bell by the back door to the sun room. 
She yelled out “Lunch time! Come and get it!” 

Inside the gang met Raya Ioniel, Jojo’s Mother, a woman with white hair wearing a flowered cotton dress and sandals with a smiling face who stood over the stove cooking. Michael stared at the kitchen wondering why it was renovated. He slid himself onto the bench with Sam and Tina in the dining room. Claire sat at the head of the table with George opposite her at the other side of the table. Raya handed them steaming bowls of food and sat next to Claire with Jojo sitting besides her on the bench. Conversation was centered on the food which was Italian like cooked food dishes. Michael tasted different foods and found them good. Sam ate most of what was put on his plate. Tina being a finicky eater ate a little bit of food. 
Sam sighed and spoke “Good food Mrs. Ioniel.” 
Raya spoke “Thank you but please call me, Raya.”
Michael noticed Raya staring at him with pity. It made him uncomfortable that he shifted on the bench. 
Sam noticed it and spoke “Raya why do you look Michael with pity?”
Raya was startled at the question and said “Jojo told me how Michael was interested in her but she has a boyfriend.” 
Michael rudely spoke “Some boyfriend. He looks like a punk rocker with his ripped clothes.” 
Raya abruptly spoke in Romanian to Jojo “Georgina, I told you to tell Daniel to stop dressing like some rock and roll star.”
Jojo replied in Romanian “I did, but he won’t listen to me, told me it was his style and way to dress like that.” 
Tina curiously asked “What language are you two speaking in?”
Michael answered for Jojo “I think it’s Romanian by the accents like the customers at Mr. Lu’s store. Remember?”
Tina frowned and said “Oh I remember accents and Romanian language.” 
Sam at the moment was busy feeding Nanook some scraps when Claire said “Sam, stop feeding the dog scraps. I plan to go to town soon to check and make sure our mail reached this address.” 
Grandfather spoke “Why don’t you call the post office and have them deliver it here? That’s what I do lately if it wasn’t due to this bum leg. Humph.” 
Claire sighed and said “Father, I have to visit the town hall about adopting Sam as his legal guardian until he turns twenty one.”
Sam groaned as Michael asked “What about his birth parents and relatives of the Bensons?” 
Sam answered “There are no relatives of my adopted parents. My mother told me that my father’s name is Wilson. A last name or first name I don’t know. I also don’t know if he’s alive or dead.” 
At the name Wilson, Claire looked at Grandfather who was frowning with a glare at Sam. 
Claire gathered her plate and her Father’s and said “I’m going to town; anyone is welcome to come along.” 
She went to the kitchen and sighed thinking “Coyote Wilson fathered a son? I might want to check it out.” 
Raya came in the kitchen and spoke Romanian to Claire who understood her “Claire. Sam reminds me of Coyote Wilson. He’s the splitting image of him with his blond hair despite his eyes. I wonder how Sam got adopted in the first place.”
Claire spoke in Romanian “I plan to find out at the town hall today once I get there.”

In the dining room Grandfather sighed. 
Jojo spoke “Here George I’ll help you to your seat by the fire.” 
She got up and assisted him towards the huge living room. Michael followed them and watched Jojo assist his Grandfather settle in his favorite chair as Jojo flicked on the TV, which showed racing cars Grandfather’s favorite sport. Michael watched his Grandfather sit in the armchair with an amused expression on his face watching the car race on TV. Michael sighed and walked through the huge living room towards the small sun room and outside the back door. A car came up the drive with a sound of loud music. Sam went to investigate. He saw Jojo leave by the front door and he followed her out. Outside was a slick black Corvette and sitting in it was a guy with perm long yellow hair. 
Jojo walked up to him and gave him a kiss on the mouth which made Sam say “Bad hair day.” 
He watched as she talked to the guy and then the guy drove off. Jojo turned around to catch the disgust on Sam’s face. 
She put her hands on her hips and glared at Sam while saying “He’s not disgusting and he’s my boyfriend Daniel.” 
Sam answered her with sarcasm “Oh really? What do you see in a guy with a bad hair day?”
Laughing he ran inside the house. Jojo rolled her eyes and sighed then she followed Sam inside the house. 

Chapter thirteen

Claire left the house and got in her car. She couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling of being watched. As she drove down the dirt road towards the street she looked in her rearview mirror to see a wolf sitting in the road watching her. The wolf was gray with black markings on it. Claire sighed and kept driving. Then she looked in the review mirror again and gasped stopping the car on the brake. In the review mirror was a man with tan skin, with a Mohawk styled hair, a blue crew neck top, jeans and black shoes on. He had a sneer on his face. Claire abruptly turned around and looked. In place was a wolf that howled and ran away. Claire frowned shaken that she sat in her car for awhile. She didn’t notice her Father watching hidden from the trees with a glare on his face. Then he hobbled towards the house. A wolf bounded in his path and sat staring at him. 
Grandfather spoke “I know you and your intentions. Believe me I won’t go down without a fight.” 
The wolf growled with menace and stalked towards Grandfather. Then the front door opened and Sam came out on to the porch yelling with Nanook running out barking. The wolf turned its head and seeing Sam and Nanook it ran into the forest with Nanook in a chase. Grandfather sighed of relief. 
Sam angrily spoke “What the fuck's with that wolf and what’s going on?”
Grandfather answered “Nothing, just a wolf wanting me for its lunch.”
He hobbled towards the house with Sam glaring at him. 
In Sam’s mind he thought “Something’s fucking funny going on here and I’m going to find out what’s going on.”

Claire regained her composure and drove to the town hall. She parked the car and noticed some people glaring at her. She was used to it from living in the former Morgan house. The town people treated her Father and her with suspicion of accusing them of being skin walkers as it appeared to be by the glares aimed at her and her Father whenever in town. She ignored them glaring and entered the town hall which was a brick building with a metal door a former army fort building. 
Entering the building she reached some steps and walked up to a hallway to a door marked “Town records.” 
Inside was small room with a receptionist. 
The receptionist a woman with frizzy blonde hair and a brown suit sat at a desk with a lap top, with a name tag “Anita” spoke “May I help you?” 
It was obvious to Claire that she was new in town judging from her innocent expression on her face. Claire was at the end of her patience. 
Claire spoke a little annoyed “I would like to see the records on a family by the name Morgan who lived in this town.” 
Anita said frowning “I’m sorry but the records to the Morgan Family are sealed on the orders of Timothy Jones their lawyer of their estate. You’ll have to wait till Mr. Timothy Jones returns to town from a family trip, location unknown.” 
Claire glared and asked “What about the records for Coyote Wilson?” 
Anita again spoke “I’m sorry but the records to Coyote Wilson and family are sealed on the orders of Timothy Jones their lawyer who is on a family vacation. “
Seeing she was getting nowhere Claire again asked “What about the records on an Alex and Taylor Benson?” 
Anita frowned again and turned to her laptop computer and typed some keys. 
Words appeared on her screen as she spoke “It appears the Bensons lived here for two years before moving to Houston, Texas.”
Claire asked “Did they have any children?”
The receptionist typed some keys and spoke again “Appears they adopted a son from oh its personal can’t tell you-“
She was interrupted as Claire grabbed her laptop and read the name “Coyote Wilson” under “Biological Father.” 
Anita protested “That’s personal property! Its also personal information! Lady, give me back my laptop!” 
Claire set it down on Anita’s desk and spoke “Thanks for the information.”
Then she turned on her heel and left the room slamming the door. 
Anita sighed and grabbed her cell phone and dialed a number. 
A male electronic voice in it spoke “Hello? Anita, I told you not to call me on this number.”
Anita spoke “I’m sorry Silent Walker, but some woman came in asking about the Morgan family and Coyote Wilson. I did what you told me to but she asked about the Bensons' and I gave her the information on what you told me to but she was really nosy, grabbed my laptop and saw the information about Sam Benson.”
She paused and waited listening for a sound, nothing. 
She spoke “Hello?” 
Then the voice on the line spoke “Describe the woman.” 
Anita gave a description of Claire. 
She heard the voice speak “Ah Claire Patricoly, the daughter.” 
Anita asked “What am I supposed to do?” 
The voice answered “Download the files and personally sent them to a meeting spot yourself. And don’t forget to delete them.” 
Anita spoke “Okay.” 
As the line went dead Anita typed some keys and downloaded the information onto a small disk. Once the information was downloaded Anita typed the word “Delete”. 
Then she put the disk in her pocket and gathered her purse. She walked towards the door and put an “Out for lunch” sign on the door then locked it. She saw Claire come out of another office stewing. Anita flattened herself against the wall and waited as Claire stormed pass her and out of the town hall. Anita followed her out and watched as Claire entered a white station wagon with the license plate “Wolf-One” on it. Anita watched as Claire drove off. Sighing Anita got in a red sedan and drove away. She drove towards the town park with a forest bordering it. Anita was careful to look behind her to make sure she wasn’t being followed as she entered the forest. She tied the disk in a string purse held in her mouth and ran in the forest. Her skin became fur as her legs became paws. She got shorter and shorter as her face narrowed with ears poking out of the top of her head. She ran in the wolf form running into the forest. Anita’s wolf form was grey with black splotches on her fur. She ran to a stream and took a drink from it and ran through it following the stream. Anita reached a small waterfall and walked towards the bank. She howled and heard an answering howl of a Human voice. She sat in the wolf form as a hand took the disk off Anita. The hand gave Anita a steak and a pat on the head. Anita moaned of pleasure and chewed the steak with happiness. She didn’t notice the hand pulled out a knife from the waist of a scabbard and stabbed her in the heart killing her instantly on the side. 

Chapter fourteen

Outside the house Michael stewed stomping around. He liked Jojo but Daniel was bothering him. 
Michael wondered to himself “What does she see in a shitty jerk like Daniel?” 
He stewed and stomped towards the gravesite. He stood there frowning. 
A man’s voice spoke “Hello.”
Startling Michael who turned to see a man of Native American ancestry judging from his Native American clothes which were tan pants with a beaded trim, on his feet were moccasins and he wore a tan long sleeve top with colorful beads on it. His hair had streaks of gray in his black hair. 
The Native American again spoke “Hello.”
Michael stared at him with curiosity. 
He asked “Who are you?”
The Native American replied “I’m called Lone Eagle. You must be Michael, Claire’s son. You don’t remember me but I was chosen as your Godfather.” 
Michael stared at Lone Eagle and answered “Oh I don’t know if I remember you or not.” 
Lone Eagle sighed and spoke “I knew the Morgan family and I talked about them a lot.”
Michael frowned replying “What do you know about them?”
Lone Eagle spoke “That they had wolf blood in them along with the ability to change themselves into a wolf. That’s all I know.” 
He stiffened as Michael was about to say something when he heard Nanook’s barking. He turned around facing the forest and called out “Nanook! Nanook!”
He turned around and discovered that Lone Eagle had disappeared. 
Nanook came out of the forest barking with her tail wagging. Michael sighed and bent to rub Nanook’s flanks. She panted with excitement as he kneeled next to her. Nanook responded by giving him licks on the face. The back door opened and Sam came out angry. 
He yelled “Mike! It’s Grandfather!” 
Michael ran up the porch steps to Sam with Nanook and asked “What happened?” 
Sam answered “A wolf tried to attack Grandfather as he was coming in the house. Nanook saved his life by scaring the wolf away.” 
Michael spoke “Fuck it! How’s Grandfather doing?”
Sam replied “He’s holed up in his fucking room refusing to come out.”
Michael ran inside through the TV room; pass the front door to a hallway that lead to a series of two bedrooms. There was one on his right and one on his left. In front of him was a bathroom with the door open. 
He knocked on the bedroom on his right and heard his Grandfather’s voice saying “Go away I’m fine.”
Michael pounded on the door and yelled “It’s me, Michael! Are you alright? Sam told me what happened!”
The door opened and his Grandfather stared at Michael with a serious expression on his face. 
He spoke “Come in I have something to tell you.” 
Michael came in his room with Sam following along with Nanook. Inside his room was brown walls, a queen sized bed stood under a window in one corner. The TV was on with car racing in it. The dressers looked hand made out of wood. Grandfather closed the door and turned off the TV with a remote which he put on the table next to the bed. 
Michael stared at him and asked “What the hell happened?” 
Grandfather answered “It’s a skin walker. They have an interest in you, Michael. “
Michael gasped and spoke “Why?”
Grandfather went to his armchair in front of the TV and swiveled it around to face the boys. 
He spoke “Because you’re a skin walker.” 
Michael replied “Impossible! I have no ability to change into a wolf.” 
Grandfather sighed and spoke “Sure you do, but the ability stays dormant until it manifests whenever that is.” 
Sam asked “Why did that skin walker run away from Nanook?” 
Grandfather replied “Actually it was you who the wolf ran away from. Do you recall a man named Belen Morgan? Does he sound familiar?”
Michael and Sam both shook their heads as Nanook whined and put her head on Grandfather’s lap. 
Grandfather put a hand on her head and spoke “Here’s the story, The Morgan family had a curse on them that was passed. It passed to Belen Morgan. He was a wolf who tried to kill people but Luke Morgan stopped him several times. The only way to kill him with out the curse passing was by a destined Hunter. Coyote Wilson, a police officer was destined the Hunter. It was he who killed Belen Morgan stopping the curse. Now it appears he fathered a son just before he disappeared mysteriously. The son is you, Sam.” 
He paused to let Sam take shock of the words.
Sam spoke “Me? My father’s Coyote Wilson? It explains what I overheard when I was younger. One night I heard my adoptive parents’ arguing in the kitchen. I was in my bedroom of the apartment and had gotten up to get a drink of water just before I and my adoptive parents moved to Wolfville. They mentioned Coyote Wilson’s name and something about telling me about my biological father.” 
Michael spoke “How do I change into a wolf?” 
Grandfather answered “That fact is a mystery. It appears that there’s something to do with wolf DNA in your blood-“ 
At that moment he was interrupted with a knock on the door as Tina came in. 
She spoke with a serious expression on her face “The police just arrived. They want to see you.”
Grandfather got up and followed Tina to the front door with the boys behind him. A man with a crew cut and black hair in a police uniform stood with his partner a woman with red hair in a ponytail. 
His face was serious as he spoke “George Patricoly?” 
Grandfather replied “Yes that’s me. What happened?” 
The man sighed and spoke “Name’s Edward Larsen and this is my partner Ellie Jones. There’s no way to say it but your daughter Claire was in a car accident driving on her way here which is at the end of the driveway actually.” 
He paused to let Grandfather take stock of the news. 
Grandfather glared and spoke “Is she fine?”
Larsen sighed again and spoke “She’s in critical condition at the local General Hospital.”
Grandfather frowned again “There’s something you’re not telling me?” 
Larsen cleared his throat and spoke “Judging from the evidence on the road she was swerving and speeding as the car crashed into a tree.” 
Michael asked “Was she avoiding a wolf?” 
Larsen sighed again and answered “Uh evidence appears that she hit a woman named Anita McIntosh. Uh Anita didn’t survive the hit. There maybe charges against Claire Ryan.”
Grandfather interrupted with anger “Charges? What the hell are the charges for?”
Larsen frowned and answered “Charges for Manslaughter. Charges for driving while under the influence of alcohol. Her intake was above the legal limits of the state.”
Grandfather yelled “What? My daughter doesn’t drink and drive!” 
He waved his cane wildly. 
Jojo came from inside the house and pulled Grandfather away with a soothing tone “There, there, don’t get your blood pressure up.” 
She escorted him inside. 
Michael glared at the cop and spoke “Mom never told me she had a drinking problem.” 
Jones holding out a file with Claire’s name on it said, “She had Driving Underneath the Influence cases back as a teenager when she was your age along doing that repeatedly.” 
Michael grabbed the file and opened it. He read the report with a younger picture of his mother on it. Sam read over his shoulder as Tina peered over Michael’s other shoulder reading the contents. The file had a list of drinking and driving over a two year period when Claire was eighteen and nineteen. Michael crumbled the file and handed it back to Jones. He stormed inside the house. 
Sam glared at the officers and spoke “What happens now?” 
As Tina went inside crying, Larsen sighed with pity in his eyes and answered “It depends on Claire if she wakes up or not then we’ll see.” 
Sighing he turned and left with Jones to the car as Sam stood glaring at them. 

In the car on the way to the police station Jones spoke on the radio "Jones here" and a voice answered “Yes?” 
Jones spoke “Tell him we did what was asked.”
As Larsen drove the car to the police station, the voice spoke “Will do.” 

Chapter fifteen

Sam stood glaring as the police car drove away. His suspicions were on the rise. Some sense told him that there was something wrong with the accident. He walked inside and saw Michael going out the back door stumping away. Tina sat on a chair with tears in her eyes as she held Hocus the cat. Nanook came up to Sam whining to be petted. Sam sighed and gave Nanook a scratch on the head. He saw Jojo soothing a still angry Grandfather who sat fuming. Sam studied Jojo who was busy trying to calm Grandfather down. Sam went up the stairs to the loft where the computer was. He opened the computer and went online a search engine for police records for the public to check. He typed the name Anita McIntosh and read the contents. 
Then abruptly the computer screen flashed “Virus alert!” 
Sam typed some keys printing out the information as the computer began to shut down. He stared at the printer as it printed the information on Anita. He took the paper and walked downstairs. 

Downstairs Jojo saw him with a computer printout. 
She spoke “Oh the computer has a virus; don’t use it until I get a new Defense against Viruses computer ware.”
Sam spoke “Grandfather, listen to this. Anita was arrested numerous times for trespassing on Government lands and soliciting as a prostitute in Hartford.” 
He looked at Grandfather who was sound asleep. Jojo came up to Sam and grabbed the paper and read the contents. Being arm length longer than Sam she held it above her as Sam tried to take it back. 
Jojo ran outside the front yard and disappeared around some trees with Sam yelling “Hey! Give that fucking thing back to me!” 

Jojo ran into the forest until she ran smack into Daniel. 
She spoke “Here give this to the Pack Leader to read.” 
Daniel took the paper and put it in his mouth and his form changed into a black wolf. Then he ran into the forest. Jojo took a different route home. Sam saw Jojo coming to the house and ran to her. Anger was on his face. 
He yelled “Where the hell did you take the paper?”
Jojo sighed and instead of answering she ran into the house with Sam following. 

Inside Tina was sitting next to Grandfather watching TV. She saw Sam and Jojo come in. 
Sam angrily spoke “Jojo took an important piece of paper about Anita McIntosh.”
Grandfather spoke “Oh really?”
Jojo denied “I don’t know what he was talking about. He followed me outside.” 
Sam glared at Jojo who had a face of innocence. 
Grandfather spoke sighing “Sam, what was on the paper?” 
Sam replied “Police files on Anita McIntosh for trespassing Government Lands and soliciting as a prostitute in Hartford.”
Grandfather groaned and spoke “I don’t know if that will hold up in court if they decide to charge Claire. Keep looking.” 
Sam spoke “I’m going to town. I got to check out the town.” 
Grandfather spoke “It’s a long walk but at least you’ll get some exercise but change your shoes. I don’t think you’ll get far in those shoes.” 
He meant Sam’s hiking boots. Sam went to the couch and pulled out some high top sneakers and changed his shoes. 
Jojo spoke “Good luck looking at the site of the accident.” 
Sam froze as he thought “How the hell did she know that?”
Grandfather spoke “Take Nanook for a walk for protection. Tina, give him Nanook’s leash.” 
Tina obeyed going in the sun room and grabbed Nanook’s least as Nanook joyously bounded besides her. She hooked the leash onto Nanook’s collar and handed it to Sam. Sam glared at Jojo then left the house slamming the door.

Chapter sixteen

The walk to the accident site didn’t take long. It was a short walk to the end of the driveway. A police car sat with people crawling all over the area. There were yellow police “Caution” tapes around an area. Sam saw Claire’s car a station wagon being hauled to a tow truck. Its front looked banged up along with windshield looking smashed up. Sam stood watching them tow the car. Nanook tugged on the leash. He followed her to a tree and she pawed the ground. Sam saw her bark at him and look towards the ground. He saw a bottle of wine sitting there with an animal print obviously not Nanook’s. Sam stared at it. Then a foot reached in his focus and stamped over the animal print. 
Sam looked up to stare at Daniel who grinned and shouted “Hey over here! The dog found a wine bottle!” 
Then he turned and left waving his hand. Sam heard Nanook growling at Daniel and had to restrain her as the male walked away. 
Sam glared at his back as a police officer came and spoke “Move your dog, Sam It’s wrecking the area.”
Sam recognized Officer Larsen and obeyed. He pulled Nanook away and stood on the dirt driveway watching them inspect the scene. Nanook tugged on the leash towards the tow truck. Sam let her tug him to the car. She put her paws on the passenger door of the car and barked. 
An officer came; opening the car door with force and he pulled out a grocery bag and spoke to Nanook, “Sorry doggie, evidence.” 
As he took the grocery bag away, Nanook whined and sat next to Sam cocking her head whining. Sam sighed and pulled Nanook with him towards the street lane. Several reporters crowded around taking pictures and reporting the scene. Sam ignored them and walked down the road with Nanook pulling the leash to town. He noticed people who were talking becoming silent as he neared them. He noticed some of them were glaring at him. Sam glared back at them too. Nanook pulled the leash and nearly dragged him towards a house. It was a two story house with a wrap around porch. Raya Ioniel stood on the porch sweeping with a broom. Sam heard her muttering something sounding like a chant as she swept with a broom. 
Nanook barked as Raya spoke “Hello Sam.” 
As she finished her sweeping and looked up, Sam studied the house, which the porch wrapped around the house in the front and the sides. There was a window on the house over the porch. He had a feeling of being watched. 
Nanook wagged her tail and panted as Sam spoke “You heard what happened to Claire?” 
Raya answered frowning “Yes I’ve heard. Poor Claire still can’t control her drinking habits.” 
Sam noticed her looking nervous as she said it. 
He asked “You look nervous why?”
Raya’s eyes widen as she thought “Ooh suspicious like his father Coyote Wilson.” 
She answered “Oh the car accident has me nervous.”
Sam asked “What made Claire drink in the first place?”
Raya replied “Oh it could be anything but I suspect it had to do something with her husband’s death. The anniversary is coming up soon.”
Sam spoke “Do you have a computer so I could look it up online?”
Raya sighed and spoke “Sorry don’t have a computer.” 
While looking more nervous as she waved at Sam and went inside the house. Sam led by Nanook walked away with suspicion on his face. Nanook abruptly barked and dragged the leash out of Sam’s hands. Sam had to jog while chasing the dog to behind the house as he saw a white wolf running away from the house. 
Sam yelled “Hey Nanook! Stop running from me!” 
The wolf kept running into the forest beyond. 
The back door opened and Raya yelled “Nanook! Stop!”
Nanook stopped running and went to Raya who grabbed the leash anger flashing in her eyes as she spoke “What is wrong with you, Nanook chasing after wolves? One of these days they’ll get the best of you. Michael and Tina would be upset with this.”
Saying this she went down the porch and handed the leash to Sam. Then she stormed into the house slamming the door. Sam crept up the stairs and peeked in the window. He could see her on the phone then he turned around and left the house. 

Inside the house Raya dialed a number and waited. 
A male electronic voice answered speaking “Hello? Raya-“
Raya cut off by angrily saying “Silent Walker, Sam came to visit with Nanook and he’s suspicious.” 
She heard the voice speaking “Calm down, Raya. He’s only a seventeen year old boy. Who’ll believe him if he finds out?”
Raya sighed and counted to ten and calmed down. 
She spoke “They saw a white wolf running from the house. Nanook gave chase but I stopped the poor dog.” 
The voice spoke “Don’t worry. The son of Coyote Wilson won’t cause us trouble.”
Then hung up as Raya stared at the phone, and hung up herself while speaking a chant a protection spell she learned from her mother. 

Chapter seventeen

Sam walked down the lane with Nanook ahead. It had a row of houses that looked old and forlorn. Sam passed the accident scene and walked to the horse corral. He found Jojo in the corral brushing a brown horse. She hummed as she brushed the horse’s rump and back sides. 
Sam startled her by asking “Was it you who left your family house?”
Jojo stiffened and turned to face him. 
She answered “No, I was here all day.” 
Sam turned and walked towards the house towing Nanook who followed behind him sniffing the plants and trees. Jojo sighed and turned back to the horse. She heard sounds of an ahem behind her and turned to look. 
She gasped and spoke “What are you doing here? You never came to the house and its grounds this close before.”
She watched as the brush was taken from her hand and then suddenly it was whipped across her face knocking her to the ground. Then the brush was dropped and Jojo painfully heard the person walking away in the forest. Jojo groaned and got up. She leaned against the horse and sighed. Then her eyes glowed gold as the bruise on her face went away healing her. Jojo groaned and sighs leaning onto the horse. She shook her head and felt a hand on her arm. Looking into the eyes of Daniel, who pulled her into a hug and kissed her on the lips then held her in a hug. 

Sam walked towards the house. He saw Grandfather sitting on the porch staring in space apparently thinking. 
Sam wandered up the stairs to sit next to Grandfather who spoke “You can let Nanook free of the leash now.” 
Sam obeyed and released Nanook who bounded down the stairs to the lawn. She came back with her ball her in mouth. She dropped it at Sam’s feet. Sam sighed and picked up the ball and threw it onto the lawn. Nanook joyously ran after it with her tongue out of her mouth. 
Grandfather spoke “Michael is in the back yard stewing away.” 
As Tina came out to sit next to them, Nanook came and dropped her ball at Tina’s feet. Tina threw it onto the yard as Nanook chased it. Sam went inside the front door and walked through the TV room to the sun room. He froze when he saw Michael standing in the yard talking to a man who was dressed like a Native American. Coming out of the back door onto the porch Sam saw them both look his direction and then the Native American jogged limping off. 
Sam wandered up to Michael and said “Who’s your friend?” 
Michael replied “His name’s Lone Eagle and he had to go. Sorry if he didn’t hung around for the introductions.” 
Sam spoke “That’s alright. So what were you talking about?”
Michael answered “Oh stuff about skin walking. I wanted to know what it feels like, makes me nervous if there’s pain.” 
Sam nodded in agreement. He knew of Michael’s fear of pain. Together the two of them walked inside the house. 

In the forest Lone Eagle stood watching them. He felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to look. 
“Oh it’s you” he said. “Did you know that Michael has a fear of pain?”
A hand reached towards his face and then reached back and slapped him. 
Lone Eagle stared and said “He deserved to know about his heritage and the wolf ability.” 
The hand turned to fist and punched him in the stomach. Lone Eagle glared as his eyes turned gold and his form shift towards a wolf. He turned into a gray wolf and bounded away passed a snarling white wolf. 

Chapter eighteen

Sam lay on his bed not sleeping with Hocus sitting in the window still. Sighing he got up and looked outside to see two wolves running towards each other and jumping around. To Sam they appeared to be fighting but from learning Nanook’s behavior and research online they were playing. The grey wolf was playing with wolf with white, grey and black splotches in patches on it. Sam watched them play dancing under the sky. Then both wolves ran into the forest. Sam felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to Michael who was peering over his shoulder. Sam saw a sense of longing on Michael’s face. 
He feeling irritate spoke “Knock the fuck off, Mike.”
Startling Michael who looked at Sam and spoke “Sorry but living in a city like Wolfville has me feeling trapped for years.”
Sam saw Hocus meow and scratch the door to his room. He heard Nanook barking from Tina’s room. 
Michael spoke “That’s funny. Nanook hardly barks when Tina is asleep.” 
Sam darted out of his room towards Tina’s room with Michael in tow. They could hear Nanook barking urgently. Inside they found Tina sitting on the floor crying. A bottle of pills were next to her. Sam grabbed the bottle as Michael gathered Tina in a hug. 
He asked her “How many pills did you take?”
As Sam opened the cover and spoke “None of them. It’s a new bottle of aspirin.” 
Michael spoke “Natina, we have to be strong for Grandfather. I don’t think he’ll take it if he found out about you.”
Tina muttered “Why Mom why did you hide your drinking from us?”
Sam asked “Why did your Mom never told you about her drinking?”
Michael answered “I think she did in hints. She told me over and over never to drink and drive plus one night around our parents’ divorce, I caught her passed out on the bed with beer cans on the floor.”
Tina spoke crying “It explains their arguments. They were always yelling about something about drinking alcohol when the chips were down.”
“Uh” Sam said “I have a confession to make. I caught her one night staring at a can of beer like she was trying to decide on whether to drink it or not. I asked her right out if she was an alcoholic. At first she denied it and then she right out told me that she was an alcoholic when she was eighteen at Port Monaco a fact she hid from her Father-“
Tina interrupted “It explains why when Mike came home with beer cans and she made him pour them all out in the kitchen sink. Where the fuck did you get the beer cans anyway Mike?”
Michael answered “I got them from our fucking father’s apartment before it was sold along with several things too.”
Tina asked “What things?” 
Michael spoke “Their in the box room according to Mom.” 
As Tina fell asleep, he stared at Tina and then picked up his sister and placed her on the bed and pulled the blankets around her. Sam stood watching them. He went to the window and saw a white wolf sitting there. Michael joined him and saw the white wolf. The wolf sat staring at them then ran towards the forest and disappeared beyond. 
Sam spoke “That’s three times I’ve seen that wolf.”
Michael replied “There’s probably a bunch of white wolves around here.” 
Sam said “No I don’t think so.” 
Michael told him “I’m going to stay and sleep on the trundle bed in case Tina needs me.” 
He yawned and lied down on the trundle bed and fell asleep. 

Sam left the room and went to his room. He stood around staring at the bathroom door. Sensing an opportunity he walked through the bathroom to Michael’s room. It was similar to his. A bed in one corner with a dresser in another corner and they appeared to be hand made of old age with Native American designs on them. Sam went to the walls and lightly tapped them but they weren’t hollow. Sam sighed and walked out towards the door to the box room. Inside there were boxes of photo graphs of the Ryan family. There were pictures of Claire at a younger age with a younger looking George Patricoly. Sam sighed and kept looking. He found a black and white photo on the bottom of a box. In it were two men looking alike and a woman standing a bit taller than them with her arms around them. The two men had pants with beaded trim and vests with army shirts. The woman had sweatpants and an army tank top. Sam saw names scrawled next to them. It said the words Luke, Mark and Brittany Morgan on Army leave. Sam frowned and took the faded photo graph to Tina’s room. He roused Michael and Tina by turning on the over head light despite the window glowing of faded sunlight. Both Tina and Michael grumbled fuck words to being waked up. 
Sam excitedly spoke “Take a look at this.”
As he shoved the picture in Michael’s face. 
Michael grumbled “You woke me up to show a lousy fucking picture?”
Sam protested “It’s not a lousy fucking picture! It’s a picture of the Morgans!”
This got them wide awake as Tina sat up from the bed as Michael grabbed the photo and studied it. He sighed and handed it back to Sam. Tina got up from the bed and took the photo. She studied it for a minute looking at Michael and the photo. 
Michael asked “What the fuck are you implying?” 
Tina answered “Uh just checking to make sure if we resemble them but I don’t see it.” 
Sam asked “Is Grandfather up at this hour?” 
He gestured to the clock which showed five thirty on it. 
Michael sighed and spoke “I think we better show that photo to Grandfather.” 
Then they left the room and darted down stairs. 

Chapter nineteen

After a search with Nanook’s help they found Grandfather outside on the front porch sitting there apparently thinking. 
He spoke “Good Morning kids.” 
As they came up to him Sam handed him the photo. Grandfather studied it a moment. 
He spoke “The Morgan Legend. I believe Claire told you the story about them.” 
Sam asked “Why are they wearing Army tops and what's with the wording of army leave?”
Grandfather spoke “After their mother’s death and their father being put in a nursing home due to his mental health, they went to a military boarding school in some state. Alaska I think. Brittany studied everything about nature like a naturalist. As for Luke, he became a World Champion in some sport until he blew out his left knee in a fight and reportedly wound up with a limp. His brother, Mark got involved in a modeling business company working in offices of that business, became a vice president of a modeling company after working there shortly.”
Grandfather sighed then continued. 
“Their father fought in a war and they were honoring him on Brittany’s twenty first, birthday. She’ll be Claire’s age in her early forties wherever she is.” 
He studied the photo some more. The front door banged as Jojo came out with Daniel’s arm around her. Grandfather hid the photo in the pocket of his overalls. They stopped when they saw the Trio and Grandfather with somber faces. 
Jojo asked “What’s going on?”
Daniel looked concerned. 
Grandfather answered somberly “We were discussing the situation about Claire.”
Jojo spoke “Uh the hospital has called with an update. Claire is out of critical condition but she’s in a coma. The doctors are hoping she’ll wake up with the help of medicines.” 
Grandfather sighed and stared off at Nanook sniffing around the lawn. Michael watched as Jojo escorted Daniel to a sleek black Corvette and watched as the male got in and drove away. 
Jojo walked towards the Trio and spoke “My mother will be along shortly to cook breakfast for you all.” 
She sat next to Grandfather on a rocking chair. Soon they heard singing and chanting as Raya came up the dirt driveway singing in her Romanian language. She stopped singing when she saw them with somber faces. 
“Any news on Claire?” She asked. 
Jojo answered “She’s out of critical condition but is in a coma, which the doctors are trying to bring her out of.”
Raya spoke “I guess I better get breakfast cooking.” 
She went up the porch stairs to the front door and inside the house. 
Tina asked “What was she singing about?”
Jojo replied “Nothing just some chanting Mother habitually does.”
She got up and went inside. Michael sighed and went inside following her. Sam sat next to Tina watching Nanook sniffing around.
Sam spoke “Man that is odd, I saw a white wolf three times and Mike claims that it’s common around here.” 
Grandfather replied “Town legend says it’s Ghost the lone white wolf. No one has been able to capture that wolf. Some trackers claimed that the wolf was really a ghost and not real.” 
Sam answered “Hmm, I saw that wolf sitting outside my window twice and running away from Raya’s house, which Nanook gave chase.” 
Tina frowned and spoke “I had a dream of a white wolf that I was a skin walker and would die from that if I interfered with nature.”
Noticing Grandfather’s concerned look she added “It’s a fear of pain. I don’t like pain very well like Mike does. Please don’t tell Mike about my dream.” 
Grandfather abruptly got up and went inside slamming the door muttering “It’s none of my business and I should forget what I heard.” 
Sam asked “Well, what was your dream about Tina?”
Tina frowned and was about to say something when Nanook came bounding up with something in her mouth. She dropped it at Sam’s feet and he picked the item up. Sam saw it was a set of keys. 
Jojo came out and Sam hid the keys in his jean pocket. 
Jojo spoke “Breakfast is ready.” 
As she gave Sam a glaring look, while he tried to look innocent as then the three and the dog went inside. 

Chapter twenty 

Breakfast was a somber affair with the gang eating food silently. It was shattered by the phone shrilling. Raya got up from her seat and went to the wall where the phone was. Michael, Sam and Tina strained to hear what she said. Raya came out of the kitchen double doors with the cordless phone. 
“It’s for you, George.” She said. 
Grandfather took the phone she handed out and spoke “Hello, George Patricoly here.” 
Raya went and took the plates and went to the kitchen with Jojo following her. 
Michael, Sam and Tina sat staring at Grandfather who noticed them staring at him spoke “It’s the hospital. Claire is out of her coma but she appears to have suffered some sort of memory loss of the accident according to the doctors when they questioned her. ” 
He sounded angry when he said this. 
Michael asked “When can Mom come home?” 
Tina looked hopeful as Grandfather asked on the phone “Her children just asked me when their Mother can come home.” 
He frowned some more as he said “Uh huh oh ok.’ 
Then he disconnected the phone and spoke “The hospital says Claire, your Mother has suffered some kind of brain injury and she’s not responding to her memories properly. This might take awhile for they tell me that she says she doesn’t have any children.” 
Tina gasped as Michael frowned as Sam bravely asked “What do you mean she doesn’t have any children?” 
Grandfather replied “According to the doctors when they asked her about her life, she told them she’s a single woman in her twenties who isn’t married with children. What’s worse is she claims she lived in the forests as a wolf, oh hi Jojo.” 
The trio turned to look at Jojo standing at the doorway of the kitchen. 
A concerned look was on her face but she spoke “Sorry to eavesdrop but Mother wonders whether it’s a good idea to bring Michael and Tina to see Claire, in her car.” 
Grandfather spoke “The hospital told me it’s too soon to bring the kids to see her.” 
Saying this he got up and Jojo went to help him towards the TV room. Michael frowned and was about to say something when Sam pulled up a set of keys. 
Tina spoke “Nanook found those keys.”
Sam added “Jojo gave me a glaring look as I put the keys in my pocket.” 
He held them up for Michael to see while keeping an eye on the kitchen door. The Trio could hear Raya humming from the kitchen as she put the dishes in the dishwasher loudly. Michael took the keys and examined them. 
He spoke “The keys look old and have rust on them.”
Then he pocketed them as Jojo came in the dinning room. 
She spoke while giving Sam a glaring look “Are you going to sit there all day?”
Sam replied “No I want to explore the land and its boundaries.” 
Jojo frowned and spoke “I wouldn’t recommend it. There’s people who’s on drugs living in the forest who’ll do anything to get their next high and even murder too.” 
Sam’s eyes narrowed and spoke “Drugs? I don’t think so. I saw that they mysteriously wound up in the hospital with bite wounds.”
Seeing Tina and Michael’s questioning look. Sam answered “I checked it online at the school library during my last class in high school and found that Port Monaco maybe a rock and roll town but it’s the town with the most victims in the hospital.” 
Jojo stiffened and spoke “Someone blabbed to the tabloids for money.” 
Then she heard Raya calling for her and left to the kitchen. 
Michael handed Sam back the keys and got up and said “I’m going to town on my motorbike”. 
They heard Raya yell “Be back by one o'clock, Michael! It’s supposed to be a rain storm this afternoon.” 
Michael shrugged as he left the room, he heard Sam say “Don’t forget your helmet. I don’t want you to wind up like Claire.” 
“Yes Mom” Michael said teasingly to Sam as he left the house. 
Tina turned to Sam and spoke “I’m going to ask Jojo to let me ride a horse.” 
She left the dining room to the kitchen leaving Sam frowning. 

Sam got up and went to the TV room. He saw Grandfather watching racing cars on TV. Grandfather had a look on his face that he didn’t want to be disturbed so Sam wandered up the stairs to the loft towards the computer. He turned it on and the monitor stayed dead. He stared as the words “Virus Alert!” flashed on the monitor. Sam sighed and walked to the hallway where the bedrooms were. On a hunch, he pulled out the keys and tried them on one of the locked door. Then he heard someone coming up the stairs and pocketed them. It was Tina. 
Seeing Sam she spoke “Jojo says she can have me help take care of one of the horses but not ride one due to them being skittish towards new people” 
Sam asked her “Is that normal for horses?” 
Tina stood frowning, staring at Sam for a minute and shook her head and then went to her room with Sam following her. 
Sam spoke again “Isn’t that normal for a horse to accept people who ride them?” 
Tina annoyingly replied “I’m not a horse expert. Ok? I suspect it might be the skin walker gene I have which could make the horse nervous around me.” 
She grabbed a pair of jean overalls from the drawer and stared at Sam. 
“Do you mind?” she said, “I’m changing my clothes.” 
Sam sighed and left her room closing the door as Hocus streaked in the room and he heard Tina’s laughing examinations “Hocus! You silly cat!” 
Sam wandered down stairs to the TV room and went outside to the pool house. As he walked towards it a male he recognized as Daniel came striding out of the forest with a glare on his face that stopped in front of him. 
Sam spoke “You must be Daniel.” 
Daniel glared and then grabbed Sam as if pawing him. Sam twisted himself out of the grab and stood backing away. 
Daniel spoke “Give my keys back.” 
Sam spoke “What keys?” 
Daniel glared and answered “The keys in your back pocket of your jeans. I want them back.” 
Sam replied “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Then he backed away as Daniel threw himself towards Sam grabbing him on the waist. Sam heard the keys jiggle out of his pocket and both reached for it at the same time knocking each other on the head. Sam gasped as he saw Daniel’s eyes glowed yellow and Daniel glared at him as his form changed into a black wolf. Sam reached for the keys but the wolf snapped at him. Growling the wolf grabbed the keys with his snout mouth and ran into the forest with Sam following him. Sam followed till the wolf was out of his sight and looked for tracks. He found the wolf’s tracks and came around a tree, while keeping the pool house in sight and saw Daniel lying on the ground and a white wolf was running away from Daniel with keys dangling in its mouth. Sam ran towards Daniel and could see that he had a bruise on his cheek. He watched as the bruise faded on Daniel’s cheek went away. Sam shook Daniel awake who glared at him and before Sam could talk, the male turned into a black wolf and ran away. 
Sam frowned and wondered to himself “What the fuck is going on here?” 
Then he walked towards the pool house. 

In the bushes the white wolf stood watching and then the form changed into a hooded figure dressed in all black. The figure turned and walked towards a tree growing out of a small hill and walked patting the ivies. Then Daniel came into sight as a black wolf changing out of his form. 
He spoke “Pack Leader, it wasn’t necessary to use force on me. We bumped heads and you know how-” 
As the figure held up a point finger as if shutting Daniel up, then proceeded to knock on the ivy till Daniel heard a hollow sound. The figure in black then pulled some ivy down and revealed a rusty moss covered door. Taking one of the keys the figure in black put the key in the keyhole and opened the door. Inside showed a hung figure corpse of a bald man in a tan suit of clothes. The figure stood watching the hung man. 
Daniel gasped “So that’s what happened to him.” 
The figure in black gestured with a nod of the head and Daniel went in pulling a dusty fallen chair near the corpse and put it in front of the man. He grabbed the ropes and yanked. The ropes fraying with age gave away as the corpse dropped in Daniel’s hands. Daniel saw a name tag came fluttering from the corpse. 
It read “Lawyer, Timothy Jones”. 
Daniel looked questioningly to Pack Leader, the figure in black. 
Pack Leader spoke a muffled voice “Put him where the trail walkers can find him. I’ll handle the rest.” 
Daniel obeyed and then walked away carrying the body over his shoulder. Pack Leader stood staring around the room then went out and closed the door locking it and moved the ivies to around the door. The figure howled a Human howl as a wolf came bounding out of the forest and changed its form to reveal Lone Eagle.
He spoke “Pack Leader, How long must you hide yourself? I saw Michael leave on a motorbike riding it towards town. He appeared to be wearing his helmet. I wouldn’t be surprised that he takes off the helmet because I did it before I blew out my knee.” 
Pack Leader shrugged and changed into a white wolf and bounded into the forest with Lone Eagle following in his wolf form. 

Chapter twenty one

Michael’s ride towards town was bumpy towards his standards. He drove by the accident sight to see it crawling with officers. 
He also saw a news crew came running towards him yelling “It’s Michael Ryan, the son of Claire Ryan! Hey! Stop!”
As he roared by them and went down the street, he passed by several houses and at a stop intersection he paused to see a couple, sitting outside a house glaring at him. The couple was a man and a woman with black hair and tan skin, who stood and looked at Michael as he looked to see their eyes glow yellow then he blinked his eyes and the couple went inside the house together. Michael shook his head and frowned as he drove by the intersection. He looked in the review mirror of his motor bike to see a news crew van driving behind him. 
He could hear the loudspeaker of the van saying “This is your local news station; we’re following Michael Ryan on motorbike.” 
“Fucking idiots” Michael thought “What the hell are they doing? I better lose them”. 
Then he drove towards the forest park where he rode on the grass by a tow truck blocking the drive way hauling a red sedan. Michael smiled of satisfaction as he heard fuck words from the news van aimed at the tow truck to get out of the way. Michael drove the motorbike down a trail hill and till he was out of sight and then he got off the bike and took off the helmet. He sighed and looked up at the sky. It was already mid morning judging by the sun but already clouds were forming still white. 
“I got plenty of time” he thought. 
As he looked to see a woman dressed in grey pant suit with a microphone and a cameraman holding a camera came from the top of the hill yelling “Michael Ryan, there’s ordinances that says you can’t ride your motorbike on the trails!” 
Michael dropped the helmet and got on the motorbike and drove up the hill towards them. 
The woman spoke towards the camera “This is Michael Ryan riding up the hill on his motorcycle without his helmet.” 
Michael road up the hill till his motorcycle almost reached the two then suddenly he turned the bike around spraying dirt at the news lady and then road down the trail. 
The news lady yelled sputtering “You fucking idiot! You could have gotten hurt!” 
As he went down the trail, the bike hit the helmet and then skidded towards the bushes with Michael yelling “Fuck it!” 
He drove away from the yelling news lady till he couldn’t hear her. As he tried to stop the bike the ground abruptly came to an end as Michael found himself air borne off a small hill with a tree growing out of it. He jumped from the bike and hit the rocks below as the bike hit the ground and roared away. Michael laid groaning and writhing in pain. He felt intense pain as if he broke a bone. He screamed out in pain howling. It didn’t come to Michael till later that his howls were wolf like.

In his pain haze Michael saw a white wolf came out of the bushes with several wolves. He could see the wolves turn into people but their features were fuzzy and he could hear voices talking faintly. Then he saw Lone Eagle holding out his hand and looking at Michael with some intense look on his face. 
Michael groaned out “Help me.” 
And grabbed Lone Eagle’s hand then he passed out. 

When he came too, Michael sneezed and shook himself violently. He was lying on a couch bed in what appeared to be a room. He sneezed again and felt a cool cloth put on his forehead. 
He heard a male voice spoke “Rest, Michael, the pain will go away.” 
Michael felt intense pain as if his body was shortening and fur was growing on him. His eyes sight turned purple and the figure in the room turned pink. Then he was in a wolf form yawning and stretching on the couch in pain. Then the pain went away as he returned to his Human form. 
Michael sighed and spoke weakly “What happened to me?”
Then the cloth was removed and he was lying on a couch in what appeared to be an office full of electronic equipment, complete with TV monitors and a man was staring at him. The man was wearing jeans, a beige shirt and a red plaid long sleeve shirt over the shirt. The man Michael recognized him, one of the couple who stood on the steps of a house glaring at him as he rode his motorbike. 
“Who are you?” Michael asked “And how did I get here?” 
The man spoke “The name is Silent Walker. You were brought here by Lone Eagle. No need to get up” as Michael struggled to get up with panic in his eyes. 
Silent Walker spoke again “Don’t worry I called Raya about you and she’ll tell the others and I’m actually a tribal healer.” 
While noticing Michael’s questioning look on his face, Michael asked “What happened to me?” 
 Silent Walker sighed and answered “You changed, due to that fall you had. It was the only way to heal you. You were suffering from internal injuries so your one of us now.” 
Michael lay down on the bed and frowned and spoke “What happened to my Mother Claire Ryan?” 
Silent Walker’s face frowned in a scowl and spoke “Please don’t mention that woman’s name in my presence. She’s not one of us and it’s not important.” 
Then he abruptly walked towards the desk in the corner, with a chair and sat down sideways to Michael. Michael sat up and felt dizziness. 
He sighed and lay down and asked “Who’s the woman that was with you?” 
Silent Walker spoke “She’s not important so get well okay?” 
Michael groaned and fell asleep. 

Chapter twenty two

Sam’s day was different from Michael’s. He walked towards the pool house and checked the doors but they were locked and so was the fence to the pool. Sam sighed and walked back to the house. 
He frowned and wondered thinking “Why would someone burn the pool house and Grandfather would build another on in its spot?” 
Then he walked to the porch and went inside the house. He walked toward the kitchen to see Raya on the phone with a serious expression on her face, and then she abruptly hung up. 
Sam asked her “Was that the hospital?” 
Startled Raya looked at him and answered “No, its Michael, he fell off his motorbike because of some news crew distracting him. No it’s just a few bumps and bruises. He’s at the doctors getting checked out.” 
Sam frowned and glared at her and then left the kitchen without a backwards glance. Raya sighed of relief and spoke some words in Romanian chanting. Then she left the kitchen to the TV room. 
She heard Sam telling Grandfather: “Raya tells me that Michael fell off his motorbike and has some bumps and bruises.” 
 Raya watched Grandfather reply “I hope he was wearing his helmet because it’s a town ordinance. Oh hi Raya.”
Sam looked to see Raya standing there with hands on her hips. 
Raya spoke “Don’t worry about Michael; he’s at the local doctors getting checked out, just to check for any other injuries.” 
Grandfather frowned and spoke “That’s fine with me.” 
He got up and hobbled with Sam’s assistance towards the front door and went to the rocker on the porch. Tina sat on the porch reading a book while throwing a ball for Nanook to chase. She looked up to see Grandfather and Sam entered the porch and went back to her book. Nanook came and dropped her ball in front of Sam who picked it up and threw it into the forest. Nanook ran after the throw. Then they heard her yelp and she came out of the forest with her tail between her legs. Sam got up as Daniel and Jojo came out of the forest. Sam noticed that Daniel had a stick in his hand which he tossed aside. Nanook went to the porch to sit next to Grandfather. Sam heard her whine as Daniel entered a corvette and drove away. Jojo stood watching the gang sitting on the porch. Sighing she pulled up Nanook’s ball from behind her and threw it in the forest. Nanook sat up on her haunches and plop her head on Grandfather’s lap. He stroked her head. 
Sam frowned and spoke “Michael fell off his motorbike because of some news crew distracting him. He according to Raya has a few bumps and bruises.” 
Tina looked up from her book and muttered “Motorbikes are nothing but trouble.” 
Jojo answered “Mother contacted me on my cell phone and told me that. I just sent Daniel to the local doctors to check this out.” 
Saying this she pulled out a cell phone from her back pocket and held it up. 
Nanook at the moment ran down the porch and pawed Jojo who exclaimed “Nanook, stop that!” 
Jojo dropped the cell phone and then Nanook picked it up and ran up the steps and dropped it at Sam’s feet. Sam picked it up and examined the cell phone. 
“Interesting device.” He said then he handed it back to Jojo who put in her back pocket of her jeans. He heard Nanook growl at Jojo who went inside the house as Grandfather stared at the forest. 
Sam asked “What are you thinking about, Grandfather?” 
Grandfather answered “I was thinking about Claire.” 
Sam spoke “Oh”. 

Daniel drove down the lane and slowed by caution tapes. He saw people there glaring at him. 
“Fucking druggies” he thought as he drove down the street towards an intersection. 
At the intersection he stopped and drove into a drive way of a white house. He got out of the car and sauntered towards the door, which opened revealing a woman dressed in purple sweat pants and a gray T-shirt, the woman’s black hair was up in a ponytail. 
Devices were in her ears he saw with recognition that she was deaf as she glared at Daniel, who signed in hand language while moving his mouth “I’m here for Michael.” 
Then she gestured to Daniel to come inside. He followed the woman inside the house. 

Inside in one of the rooms Michael lay groaning. He felt someone shake him and he woke up. 
Silent Walker stood and spoke “Daniel is here to take you home”
He gestured to Daniel standing there with a concerned look on his face. Michael saw his brown eyes turn gold for a minute then went back to brown. 
Michael groaning asked “He’s one of us?”
At Daniel’s nod, Silent Walker helped Michael out of the house towards the car. Once settled in the car Michael sighed and stared at Daniel who gunned the engine and pulled out of the driveway, then drove towards Grandfather’s house. 

At the house Tina looked up to see Daniel drive in the driveway with Michael looking sick. Grandfather sighed and watched as Sam went to help Daniel haul in Michael into the house with Tina following them. Grandfather got up and hobbled behind them as they went to the TV room and settled Michael on the couch. Grandfather went to an armchair and sat staring at Michael. Michael groaned out “I’m alright, Grandfather, just some bumps and bruises plus this awful headache.” 
Grandfather asked “Were you wearing your helmet?”
Michael sighed and noticing Daniel’s yellow eyed glare he answered “I don’t know. I can barely think straight with this awful headache.” 
Sam spoke “The headache must be because you took off your helmet.” 
Tina added “I don’t think you should be riding your motorbike for awhile Mike.” 
Michael looked at his sister and spoke “Believe me; I won’t be riding that thing for awhile.”
Grandfather spoke “You can take Claire’s bedroom. I don’t think she’ll be home for awhile due to the hospital stay.” 
Michael sighed and got up with Sam and Daniel’s help walked to Claire’s bedroom. The boys laid Michael down on the bed and he fell asleep. 
Sam grabbed Daniel’s shoulder, shook it off, and glared at Sam who spoke “You hit Nanook with a branch did you?” 
Daniel glared back and answered “So? You can’t prove it in this town.” 
Sam answered “The town’s controlled by skin walkers like you?” 
As he noticed Daniel’s eyes flared yellow and looked like he wanted to punch Sam when Tina wandered into the room. She frowned staring at Michael. 
“Poor Mike” she said “The motorbike according to Raya was found wrecked in a river. It smashed into a big boulder and it’s wrecked up.”
Daniel abruptly left the room slamming the door and Sam glared at him.
Tina noticing his glare asked “What’s going on?” 
Michael groaned out “Is Daniel gone?” 
Sam replied “Hell yes”
Michael sighed and spoke “I was followed by a fucking news crew who might put this event on TV.” 
Tina asked “What happened to you?” 
Michael answered “I fell off my bike off a hill and hit the ground hard” as an image of a biting white wolf came to his mind. 
Sam asked “Then what happened next?” 
Michael groaned as he felt a splitting headache come to him and he spoke “Owe my fucking head hurts. Once this shitty headache stops I’ll tell you the rest ok? So let me sleep."
Tina grabbed Sam’s arm and pulled him out of the room. They saw Grandfather in the TV room watching TV. 
 He looked up at them as Tina spoke “Mike is doing fine, except for a headache.” 
Grandfather sighed and answered “Ok, come here.” 
He gestured to Sam and Tina who came forward till they were close to Grandfather. 
Grandfather spoke whispering “Have you seen Michael’s eyes, the way he acted?”
Sam frowned and answered whispering “What do you mean his eyes?”
Grandfather looked toward the hallway to the kitchen and then looked at the duo and spoke “His eyes resembled one of a wolf when he looked at Daniel.”
Sam was about to speak but changed his mind and kept silent. 
Tina frowned and spoke whispering “You mean Mike did what? Wolf change into a skin walker?”
Grandfather asked her “How did you find out about skin walkers and Michael?”
Tina replied “On the car ride to home from school days ago with Mom. She saw my book about Wolves and told me outright about skin walking an ability to change into a wolf.”
Grandfather asked again “But about Michael?”
“I saw his eyes glow golden a bit when he looked at me” Tina whispered “as he lay down on the bed. I figured it out then with your talk.” 
Grandfather sighed and remarked loudly “Jojo, please check on Michael and see if he needs anything or not.” 
Tina and Sam turned to look at Jojo who stood there and spoke “Ok right away.” 
 The duo heard Grandfather mutter “Drat she might have heard everything with those ears of hers. Humph” as he turned on the TV to show car racing. 

Tina heard Nanook barking from outside went to the front door and let Nanook inside as the clouds in the sky appeared to darken. Sam wandered into the kitchen to watch Raya cook lunch. He asked “Why is the pool house locked?” 
Raya answered from the stove “It’s too cold for swimming.”
Sam sighed and heard Jojo walk into the kitchen. 
She spoke in Romanian “Michael is one of us now.” 
Raya spoke also in Romanian despite a glare from an annoyed Sam “Oh good, someone will have to introduce him to the Pack Leader.”
Jojo responded “I intended to once he feels better soon.” 
Raya spoke “I suggest we wait till Michael is up to walk in the forest, once the rain storm is over with.” 
As she prepared foods for the gang in the dining room Sam stalked towards the TV room and found Nanook sitting on her haunches in the sun room staring outside. Sam walked towards the sun room to see a white wolf sitting there on the edge of the forest watching. Sam groaned and stared at the wolf. The eyes of the wolf narrowed then the white wolf ran into the forest. 
Sam walked towards Grandfather as Raya came out of the kitchen saying “Lunch is ready. Sam help George to the dining room will you?” 
Sam sighed and then helped Grandfather out of the armchair down the hallway pass the kitchen towards the dining room. 

The sky became dark full of rain clouds and released the rain the clouds were holding after eating Sam wandered to Claire’s bedroom where Michael lay. He knocked on the door and heard a weak “Come in” said by Michael. 
Sam wandered in to see Michael sitting up in the bed staring at the walls. 
Sam spoke as he closed the door “Hi Mike, how are you feeling?” 
Michael replied “I’m doing ok but I still have a fucking headache” he cut himself off when he noticed Sam glaring at him. 
Michael added “What are you glaring at?”
Sam spoke “You skin walked did ya you fucker?”
Michael groaned out “How did you know that?”
Sam thought to himself “Better not mention Grandfather noticing his eyes.” 
He replied “I saw your eyes look like a wolf when you looked at Tina.” 
Michael sighed and replied “I guess I did. I don’t remember much of the accident.” 
Noticing Sam still glaring, Michael added “That’s the truth.” 
As they heard a knock on the door, Michael called out “Come in.” 
Jojo came in carrying a tray full of food which she set on Michael’s lap. Sam noticed her glare at him but kept his mouth shut. Then Jojo left the room closing the door. 
Sam sat on the armchair watching Michael eat the food. 
Michael stopped eating, swallowed some food and with fork raised asked Sam “Are you going to fucking stare at me eating?”
Sam answered “No, I’ll make like a tree and leave.”
He got up and left the room as Jojo came from the hallway towards him. 
“Skin walker” Sam muttered under his breath. 
Jojo annoyed asked “What did you just say?”
Sam replied “Nothing important for your fucking ears to hear. I was just muttering about Michael.”
Then he walked towards the TV room to go upstairs with Jojo glaring behind him with hands on her hips. 

Chapter twenty three

Night came with the end of the rains, as Sam lay on the bed in his room awake staring at the ceiling he wondered what made him ask Michael about skin walking.
He thought “It must be the Hunter gene speaking again.” 
Sam remembered his adoptive father telling him this saying “A Hunter must hunt to live” when he was ten years old. He heard scratching at his bedroom door and got up to open it and found Nanook sitting there with leash in her hand. 
“Oh you have to go.” He said as he snapped the leash on her collar.
Then he pulled on some red sweat top and pants and his sneakers while Nanook patiently waited. 
Then he let her pull him down the stairs towards the sun room. Sam stood frozen as a hooded figure in black stood on the porch illuminated in the light of the moon. Sam gripped Nanook’s leash that whined and opened the door. The figure turned and ran towards the forest. 
Sam called out “It’s alright, the dog won’t hurt you.” 
The figure kept running as Nanook strained on her leash. Sam walked outside grabbing a flashlight with him as Nanook pulled him towards the forest.

In the forest it was spooky and dark illuminated by the moon above and by Sam’s flash light. Sam sighed as Nanook went towards a tree and barked. Sam shined his flash light at Nanook’s direction and the flash light shined on a growling white wolf. Sam stood frozen staring at the white wolf who Grandfather called Ghost. He could see the wolf was totally white with yellow eyes and the eyes narrowed then the wolf bounded into the forest. Nanook strained on her leash and pulled Sam deeper into the forest with his flash light illuminating the way. Nanook led him to the pool house and barked at the door pawing it. Sam checked the door and found it locked. 
He told Nanook “The door is locked.” 
She howled and barked a racket. The porch light of the main house turned on. 
Grandfather came hobbling out and shouted “Sam! Quiet that dog! Will you? People are trying to sleep!” 
Then he limped back into the house and the porch light turned off. Sam sighed and pulled Nanook towards the main house. He heard her whine and bent to pet her sides as the hooded figure in black came around the tree with a thick stick in hand standing there. Sam stood up and pulled a barking Nanook towards the house as the hooded figure threatened with the stick shaking it at him and the dog. 

Inside Sam met a sleepy Tina wearing a bathrobe coming down the stairs with a plastic bag in her hand. 
He spoke “Tina, I saw a hooded figure in black threatening me with a stick.” 
Tina sighed and grabbed Nanook’s leash and spoke “It’s probably a druggie who was trying to get in to steal."
Then she took Nanook outside the front door for the dog to do her business. 
Sam followed them and spoke “I saw a white wolf again up close in the forest.” 
Tina replied “Must be Ghost the White wolf again.” 
Sam added “I think Ghost is trying to tell me something.” 
Tina sarcastically answered “I think it’s your imagination again.” 
Sam spoke “No I don’t think so at all.” 
He watched Nanook water the lawn and Tina pick up the scat of Nanook’s with a bag in hand. 
Then she held it out and asked “You mind throwing this in the garbage bin down the road?”
She gestured towards the road as Sam groaned. Tina handed the bag to him and sleepy hauled Nanook inside the house. 

Sam walked down the dirt road with flash light in hand. The forest was dark illuminated by the moon. He heard howls of wolves from beyond the forest. 
Sam sighed and muttered to himself “This is fucking ridiculous.” 
Carrying the bag he reached the end of the lane to see a big garbage bin sitting on the corner. Sam also could see yellow tapes outlining the accident scene of Claire’s. He opened the bin and threw the bag inside while looking behind him. Then he walked towards the house, he heard a twig snap behind him and turned around as a branch hit him in the face. Sam shook himself groggily and shined the flash light on the person to see it was the hooded figure in black who knocked the flash light out of his hands and then Sam blocked the branch from hitting him in the face with his arms. He ran towards the house and felt something hit him in the back and he fell towards the ground. 
Sam quickly rolled around to see the figure bring down the branch on his head as he fell unconscious he heard a muffled voice speak “You ruined everything, you fool.” 

When Sam came to, he found himself in a horse stall with a horse chewing on his hair. “Owe fuck.” he thought as he got up groggily and then went to the stall door. 
He found it locked and saw on the opposite side was the hooded figure in black standing there. 
Sam glared and asked “What the fuck do you want?” 
He heard a muffled voice speaking from the figure “Nothing, you shouldn’t have come to exist at all.”
Then the figure turned and left him banging on the stall door. 
In the darkness Sam grumbled and muttered “You shouldn’t have come to exist at all” he echoed. 
Then he felt his way around the small stall. The horse left him alone munching on the hay. Sam sighed and then went to a corner to sit down in the hay. He sat in the darkness sitting there thinking despite having a headache. 

Morning came with a scream that woke up Sam. He woke up to see Tina standing at the stall door staring at him. 
He got up and stomped out grumbling to Tina “The fucking druggie hit me with a branch and locked me in here.” 
Tina led the horse out with a halter and followed an angry Sam towards the coral with the other horses. Sam opened the gate and let Tina come through with the horse and closed it behind him. He leaned on the fence as Tina released the horse. 
She went to join Sam and asked “What did the druggie look like?”
“Some Gothic person all dressed in black with a hood covering the face” Sam answered. 
Tina was about to reply when they heard Jojo’s angry voice speaking from behind them “Sam where have you been and why did you sleep in the horse stall with Honeycomb?”
Sam grumbled and climbed the fence with Tina and then he reached Jojo at the fence and answered her question with “Some fucking druggie person hit me in the head with a branch and locked me in the horse stall.” 
Jojo asked “What did this druggie look like?”
Sam answered “Like some fucking shitty Goth person dressed in black with the face hidden by a hood” as he stomped by her towards the house with Tina following behind him. 
Jojo wandered towards the forest and came upon a white wolf who growled at her. 
She spoke “Ghost, what’s going on?” 
Ghost’s form changed into the figure in black who Jojo sighed and spoke “Pack Leader, what did Sam do?” 
A muffled voice answered her from Pack Leader “He and the dog caught me as I was about to go inside the house to visit Michael last night.” 
Jojo asked “Why leave Sam in the horse stall?”
Pack Leader replied “It was just a warning that’s all” as a black wolf came from the bushes changing into Daniel. 
“Pack Leader” Daniel said “Michael is up and awake inside the house.” 
Pack Leader spoke “Lead him to me, and I’ll handle the rest” as the form changed into Ghost. Then the wolf bounded away. Daniel nodded towards Jojo and went into his black wolf form and ran into the bushes. Jojo went towards the house. 

In the house Sam passed by a confused Grandfather while stomping upstairs to his room. 
Tina told Grandfather “I found Sam sleeping in Honeycomb’s stall. He was hit by some Gothic druggie who locked him in there.” 
Grandfather sighed and spoke “The druggie must desperate” as the front door banged open.
Jojo came in and Grandfather spoke “Tina, will you go in to the kitchen? I want to talk to Jojo alone for a minute.” 
Tina obeyed and walked towards the kitchen doors. Grandfather watched her leave as Jojo came in the room.
He called “Jojo come here.” 
Jojo came and spoke “Something I could do for you?”
Grandfather spoke annoyed “Tell your Pack Leader to control those minions of his especially around Sam.” 
Jojo glared at Grandfather and spoke “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Then she turned on her heel as Grandfather spoke “Yes you do.”
Jojo stomped towards the kitchen and slammed the door. She found her Mother there with Tina petting Hocus the cat. The cat meowed and arched as Tina rubbed his back. 
Jojo angrily spoke in Romanian to her mother “George said quoting tell your Pack Leader to control those minions of his especially around Sam.” 
Raya replied also in Romanian “And what did you tell him?”
Jojo noticing Tina’s concentrating look on her face spoke “I told him I don’t know what you’re talking about. Where did he get the idea?”
Raya cooked the food on the stove and spoke “The Goddess has a way of things around here.” 
Jojo sighed and went to sit down at the small round kitchen table. 
She replied “George is getting suspicious.” 
Tina sat next to her on the chair. Hocus jumped from the island counter to jump onto Tina’s lap. The cat proceeded to purr loudly as Tina gave the cat scratches and rubs. 
Raya responded by saying in English “Goodness gracious the cat is being friendly with you.”
Tina spoke “I guess my skin walking gene hasn’t manufactured yet.” 
Raya went to Tina and kneeled in front of her speaking “Don’t worry about the skin walking gene, you won’t die from it. I promise you.” 
The kitchen door banged open and Michael came in, “When’s breakfast?” he asked. 
Raya got up and went to the stove and resumed cooking. 
Tina told Michael “I found Sam locked in Honeycomb’s stall. He says some Gothic weirdo knocked him out with a branch and locked him in the stall.”
Michael stiffened but kept his mouth shut when he noticed Jojo glaring at him. He saw her eyes flare yellow then she blinked her eyes and they went back to normal. 
Tina heard Hocus hiss and she stroked the cat who settled down on her lap. 
Michael spoke “Probably some druggie I guess wanted drugs hit Sam.”
With that comment he abruptly left the kitchen towards the TV room. In the TV room Michael stood watching Grandfather snoozing away. He wandered outside and saw Daniel walking from the forest. 
Daniel spoke “Pack Leader wants to see you, follow me.” 
Then Daniel walked up to Michael and whispered in his ear and then Michael changed into a wolf as Daniel did the same. The two went into the forest.

Chapter twenty four

In the forest Michael in a gray wolf form followed Daniel till they reached a river. Daniel took a drink from the river and gestured to Michael to do the same. Michael took a drink in his wolf form and swallowed the water. Then the two wolves walked following the river to a small waterfall and piles of rocks around with a small hill and a tree growing out of the hill. Daniel changed out of his wolf form and howled as Michael changed into his Human form. The bushes rattled startling Michael as two wolves came forward. One Michael saw was Ghost the white wolf the other was a gray wolf who changed form to reveal Lone Eagle to Michael’s surprise. Then the white wolf changed form to reveal a hooded figure in black. Michael saw that the figure was wearing black sneakers and loose black sweatpants with a bullet proof vest over the black sweatshirt and some kind of hood covered the entire face. 
Lone Eagle spoke “This is Pack Leader.” 
Gesturing to the hooded figure in black with his hand as Michael spoke “Hello.” 
He heard a muffled voice from Pack Leader speaking “Greetings Michael.”
Daniel noticed a confused look on Michael’s face explained “Pack Leader’s identity is only revealed to those who trust is earned.” 
Michael answered “I understand.” 
As he was about to say more is when they heard a faint bell ringing sound. 
Daniel spoke “Its Raya ringing the bell. She wants you back for breakfast, I’ll lead you back.”
Michael followed Daniel in a wolf form till they reached the edge of the forest leading to the house and then changed back to Human forms. Daniel bid Michael bye and walked away. Michael walked towards the house to Raya. 
Raya spoke “Oh you’ve seen Pack Leader.” 
Michael stared at her as she explained “It’s that look on your face that says it all. Poor Pack Leader still hasn’t shown anyone except Lone Eagle his identity.” 
Saying this Michael followed Raya into the house with a confused look on his face. 
He asked “How come?” 
Raya answered as they walked towards the kitchen “Embarrassment or something that would have made Pack Leader recognizable.” 

In the dining room Michael found Grandfather on the phone, and then he disconnected the phone. 
Sam and Tina sat on the benches watching Grandfather. 
Michael asked “Grandfather was that the hospital?”
Grandfather answered “Sit down, Michael.”
As Raya brought the food, Michael looked at Grandfather while waiting for the food to be served. 
“What’s going on?” Michael asked again “And excuse me for being nosy.” 
Grandfather spoke “Local druggies found a body hung in the trees, which the cops identify as Timothy Jones the realtor who sold the house to me before you kids were born.” 
Tina asked “Why did they call you?”
Grandfather answered “Because the cops are saying his body was found on the border of my lands” while sounding angry.
Sam spoke “So this is murder isn’t it?”
Grandfather angrily answered “No the cops are calling it suicide. They found a ladder next to the tree along with a note.” 
Sam replied “How long has Timothy been hanging?”
Grandfather glared and spoke “I ordered his body to be examined by the local coroner. Besides he was the father of Octaves Ryan.” 
The Trio gasped as Raya dropped a plate on the table. Jojo came from the kitchen hearing the racket.
Grandfather continued again “I had a DNA test done on your Father, before he died in the plane crash reveals that he was Timothy Jones’ son with an unknown woman.”
Raya stiffened. 
Grandfather continued “I also had his plane accident checked out. It appears that it was due to mechanical error related to lightening striking it so there’s nothing fishy about it.” 
Michael spoke “When will you find out about our unknown Grandmother?”
Grandfather answered “I’m having some leads checked out but don’t worry I’ll find her.” 
Raya excused herself from the table and then walked into the kitchen. She muttered a chanting spell and then found Jojo’s hand on her arm. Raya spoke something whispering in Jojo’s ear then Jojo nodded and left the kitchen towards outside. Raya composed herself and then went to the dining room. She found most of the food untouched. 
Raya spoke “Why is most of the food untouched?”
Grandfather spoke “I guess it must be the bad news about the death of Timothy Jones their other Grandfather.”
Raya harrumphed and then picked up the plates of uneaten food and spoke “I’ll see that you’ll have to eat it for dinner tonight.” 
Saying this she left the room carrying plates of uneaten foods. Michael felt Nanook nudge him with her snout and petted her on the head. Then Nanook followed him out of the dinning room towards the TV room. In the TV room Michael sighed and grabbed Nanook’s leash and clipped it on the dog. Then he took the dog outside the front towards the barn. He could sense himself being watched, and then Nanook barked. He stood and held Nanook’s collar as Pack Leader came from behind a tree and stood watching them. 
Pack Leader gestured and spoke “Please come with me and bring the dog.” 
Michael got up, nodded and followed Pack Leader with Nanook through the bushes past several trees till they reached the river. 
Pack Leader spoke “Jojo tells me that your Grandfather George Patricoly has found out the identity of your other Grandfather.” 
Nanook at the moment barked and another gray wolf came bounding out of the bushes towards them. 
The wolf changed into Jojo who spoke “I’ll take the dog with me to the house” as she took the leash from Michael, Nanook barked. 
Lone Eagle came out of the forest and spoke “State Troopers with tracking devices have been seen by patrols going in the forest. They appear to have dart guns with them and an antenna, a tracking device.” 
Pack Leader spoke “Jojo take Michael to the house, while we will watch the State Troopers.” 
Jojo obeyed and Michael followed her and the dog towards the house. 

On the way towards the house, Michael heard bushes rumbling as a group of eight State Troopers came with dart guns from out of the bushes. Jojo glared at them and handed Michael, Nanook’s leash. 
She spoke to the state troopers, “This land belongs to George Patricoly and this is his grandson Michael Ryan. What are you doing here?”
One of the State Troopers came forward and spoke “We have permission from George Patricoly to find and remove any wolves we come upon.” 
Michael recited “Without wolves to control the deer population, the deer will eat all of the grass and grow too numerous and cause havoc in crossing the roads with cars hitting them. Not to mention the deer will eat in people’s back yards. Also-“
He cut himself off when one of the State Troopers put his hand to his mouth and yawned while speaking “Orders are orders.” 
Saying this they left the duo with the dog walking further into the forest. 

At the house, Daniel came out of the bushes in his Human form with a worried expression on his face. Seeing Jojo, he went toward her and kissed her on the lips. Michael looked away with jealousy on his face. He led Nanook towards the house and went inside, was a State Trooper talking to Grandfather who was sitting in an armchair. They both went silent when they saw Michael come in with Nanook. 
Michael asked “Why are there people walking in the land with dart guns?”
Grandfather replied “Wolves killed one of my colts in the paddock some other day.” 
Michael didn’t know why but he felt like Grandfather was lying when he said this. He also noticed Sam sitting on the couch dressed with his hair partly damp. Michael glared at Sam and then released Nanook from the leash that went to sit at the fireplace. 
Sam waited as the State Trooper left the room before speaking “Michael, where’s Tina?” 
As she came in from the front door and spoke “Grandfather, there’s State Troopers combing the land.” 
Grandfather replied “I know I sent them to find any wolves they can and remove them.” 
Michael spoke “It’s because one of them killed a colt in the paddock.” 
Tina glared and spoke “Yeah right, I just came from the paddock and the horses are fine but skittish.” 
The Trio looked at Grandfather who got up and hobbled towards his room. 
Michael angrily stood in his way and spoke “Out with it Grandfather, what’s really going on?”
Grandfather spoke “One of the skin walker minions hit Sam and locked him in a horse stall. I won’t tolerate behavior like that towards Sam. The sweep is a warning to the skin walkers and you, Michael can tell your Pack Leader that.” 
Saying this he limped around Michael and stomped towards his room. The Trio heard his bedroom door slam. 
Tina spoke “Your Pack Leader? What did Grandfather meant by that?”
Michael sighed and spoke “I met the skin walkers’ Pack Leader today” while noticing Sam’s narrowed gaze. 
He added “The Pack Leader’s identity was hidden from me because they have yet to earn my trust.” 
Sam nodded his head in agreeing as his cat Hocus came and jumped on the couch. Sam gave Hocus some scratches as Tina picked up the cat. Hocus meowed as Nanook got up and barked. 
Tina spoke “Cut that out Nanook.” 
Nanook instead kept barking at the fireplace. Sam got up and proceeded to feel the wood with his hands. He felt nothing out of ordinary as he knocked on the fireplace and heard a hollow sound. 
Sam spoke “The fireplace is hollow.” 
Michael replied “Must be the chimney” as he went to sit on the couch with Tina holding Hocus. 
Sam spoke “I don’t think it’s the chimney. I think it’s something else.” 
As Michael sighed and asked “You think it’s some hidden passage?”
Sam answered “Yeah I think so” as Nanook pawed the fireplace with her paws. 
Sam stared at the fireplace and spoke “The house is three stories tall with a window for the attic and I’ve been exploring the house and I can’t find an entrance to the attic or that room with that shuttered window.” 
At that moment the doorbell rang, the Trio walked to the front door. 
Michael opened the door to see Officer Edward Larsen there who spoke “Hi kids, is your Grandfather around?”
The trio heard Grandfather’s bedroom door slam as he came limping towards the door. Grandfather angrily spoke “What’s going on?” as he went to the front door. 
Officer Larsen seeing him spoke again “We caught someone trespassing on your lands.” 
He gestured towards the car where his partner opened the door and hauled out a glaring Daniel. 
Grandfather spoke “Oh that’s Daniel, Jojo Ioniel’s boyfriend” as Jojo came to the door looking annoyed. 
She gasped when she saw Daniel in handcuffs and spoke “What’s my boyfriend doing in handcuffs?”
Officer Larsen replied “The State Troopers caught him walking on George Patricoly’s lands. He wouldn’t give us a legit reason why he was trespassing plus there was no ID on him. He kept insisting that he was Jojo Ioniel’s boyfriend.”
He gestured towards his partner who released Daniel who grumbled to himself while looking angry. 
Officer Larsen spoke again “Sorry for the trouble.” 
Then he turned to the squad car and with his partner got in and drove away. Grandfather harrumphed and limped back towards his bedroom. The gang heard his bedroom door slam. 
Jojo walked towards a grumbling Daniel and asked him “What happened?”
Daniel angrily spoke “I was walking towards my car which is parked on the street, and I had to cut through the lands to get to there just to avoid the news crew. Then the State Troopers did some surprise attack on me as I was walking around the bushes. Humph.” 
Jojo put an arm on his shoulder and the two walked down the driveway talking. Michael sighed and wandered inside the house with Tina still holding a meowing Hocus. Sam stood on the porch steps watching Jojo and Daniel whisper to each other while walking down the driveway. He went to sit on a rocker and sat watching Jojo and Daniel till they were out of sight. Sighing he got up and walked inside the house. 

Chapter twenty five

Inside the house Nanook was still pawing the fireplace with her paws. Michael grabbed her collar and her leash and hauled the dog outside as Sam came in. He noticed Tina had turned on the TV and was watching it. Hocus wounded himself around Sam’s legs, who bent to pet the cat. Then Sam wandered outside the backyard to see the State Troopers come out of the forest.
He heard one of them swear “Fuck it! We’ve been going around in a fucking circle!” 
Then the State Troopers walked around the house leaving Sam standing there watching them leave. As they disappeared out of sight he heard a wolf howl followed by several wolves howling. Then Sam walked towards the gravesites and stood staring at it. He could see some roses lying there that were fresh. 
Sam thought to himself “What happened to the Morgans anyway?”
He heard Raya call him from the back porch saying “Sam! Would you come inside? It’s not safe with the State Troopers hanging around.” 
Sam walked towards the house and at the porch he asked Raya “Why are there roses on the gravesite?” 
“Oh” Raya said “I put the roses there.” 
Sam noticed that she looked nervous saying this. He frowned and then followed Raya inside the house. 

Outside the front door, Michael stood holding Nanook on a leash. He walked towards the side of the house. He met the same State Troopers there, who one of them yawned in his presence. Michael sighed and looked at the house. On the third story was a shuttered window. Michael wasn’t sure what the window led but he let Nanook pull him down the dirt driveway towards the barn where he saw Jojo and Daniel kissing. Michael sighed with jealousy as Nanook bounded towards the pair. They stopped kissing to look at Michael walking towards them being led by Nanook. 
Jojo sighed and spoke “I’ll see you later Daniel” as Daniel turned and left walking down the dirt driveway. 
Michael asked Jojo “Do you have any idea why they arrested Daniel?”
Jojo answered “It must be what I told him, dressed as a punk rocker.” 
Michael replied “Oh,” as Nanook barked at the barn. 
They looked to see Pack Leader come out of the barn with Lone Eagle who both was talking became silent. 
Michael spoke “Did you know that the State Troopers arrested Daniel then let him go when Jojo identified him?”
He heard Pack Leader speak “Yes I know.” 
Lone Eagle frowned and spoke “Jojo did you tell him to wear his driver’s license ID?”
Jojo answered “Yes I did which Daniel promised me.”
Then Michael watched as Pack Leader and Lone Eagle left them to walk back into the barn closing the barn doors. 
Michael asked Jojo, “Why did your Mother say that Pack Leader only shown Lone Eagle his identity?”
“I don’t know” Jojo said “I do know that there’s a rumor among us that Pack Leader started hiding when one of the Humans attempt to betray Pack Leader.” 
Michael asked “Who was the Human who did this?”
Jojo frowned and spoke “I don’t know, maybe someone close to Pack Leader, who hurt Pack Leader badly.” 

Inside the barn in an unused stall sat on the piles of scattered hay was Lone Eagle with Pack Leader who took the hood off revealing a ski mask on the head and hiding the mouth and only showing the eyes. 
Lone Eagle spoke “Oh, which reminds me what happened to Coyote Wilson?”
Pack Leader spoke muffled “He was attacked because he attempted to betray me.” 
Lone Eagle asked “How did he betray you?”
“It was Sam the reason why he was going to betray me” said Pack Leader angrily.
Lone Eagle spoke “It explains Coyote Wilson was found in the river.” 
Pack Leader spoke “Yes poor Detective Wilson, his Father, I had him put in some mental asylum because the idiot was babbling about me being responsible for his son’s accident. Humph.”
Lone Eagle asked again “What about Timothy Jones the lawyer and realtor?” 
Pack Leader grumbled out “That idiotic fool was nosy enough to find the cabin due to some map which I had burned and he is hung as a result.” 
Then they heard the barn door open and the voices of the State Troopers speaking, “Check the barn!” 
Despite protests from Jojo saying “Don’t bother there’s just horses in here.” 
Pack Leader immediately put the hood on, in the stall and Lone Eagle covered Pack Leader with hay. Then Lone Eagle sat on the hay and as if mediating. 
He didn’t have long to wait because he heard the State Troopers exclaim “There’s a Native American in this stall!” 
Lone Eagle heard the stall door open and felt a poke from a State Trooper’s gun saying “Wake up Native American, who are you?” 
Lone Eagle opened his eyes and slowly pulled out his ID card from a chain around him and held it up for the State Trooper to look at. The other State Troopers piled around him to read the card. 
He heard one of them reading it “The card says Lone Eagle Horse Giver”. 
Lone Eagle heard another State Trooper say “What are you doing here Lone Eagle?” 
Lone Eagle replied “I help take care of the horses in the corral. I was mediating when you bothered me.” 
He heard a State Trooper answer “We’ll settle that with George Patricoly.” 
Then they grabbed Lone Eagle, cuffing him and hauled him out of the barn with a glaring Jojo and Michael standing there witnessing. The duo with the dog followed them towards the house.
 
At the house Grandfather sat on the rocking chair in the porch with Sam sitting on the steps. They both heard the commotion of the State Troopers leading a man who was dressed like a Native American while being followed by Michael and Jojo with a barking Nanook.
One of the State Troopers spoke to Grandfather “Do you know this man?”
Grandfather stared at Lone Eagle for a minute and spoke “Sorry I don’t know him.” 
One of the State Troopers handed him Lone Eagle’s Identification card and Grandfather read it out loud “Lone Eagle Horse Giver, Hmm sorry the name doesn’t sound familiar” while noticing Michael and Jojo’s glare at him. 
The same State Trooper spoke again “We found him in a stall in the barn mediating he says and Lone Eagle here claims to help take care of the horses in the corral.” 
Grandfather frowned and spoke “Sorry doesn’t ring any bells.” 
Jojo spoke “You don’t remember him, but he does help me with the horses in the corral.” 
Grandfather spoke again to Lone Eagle, “I’m sorry sir; I don’t remember you helping out with the horses before I hurt my leg, or after.” 
Grandfather watched as the State Troopers hauled Lone Eagle down the lane towards a squad car where they put him in it. 
Michael protested to Grandfather “He does help Jojo with the horses. I’ve seen him-” Grandfather cut him off with a wave of his hand. 
Grandfather spoke “It’s obvious that Lone Eagle is a skin walker judging by the looks of him.” 
Michael spoke again “Oh how do you know that? Plus isn’t it discrimination because of his skin color and the way he’s dressed?”
Grandfather answered “Yes I know, but he’s still a skin walker to me.” 
Grandfather got up and limped inside the house slamming the door. Michael followed with Nanook whining inside the house. Jojo stood with her hands on her hips and frowned. 
Sam asked her, “Was he really a skin walker?”
Jojo shook her head and spoke “How should the hell I know?” then stormed inside the house with Sam following her.

Chapter twenty six

Night came as Sam slept uneasily, as he felt like something was bothering him, so he got up and went to the window. Staring at his window was Ghost who walked around the house. Sam opened his door slowly and went out the hallway noisily. He didn’t notice Michael watching him from the adjoining bathroom nor does he noticed Michael follow him to the loft. At the stairs Sam strained to hear as the front door opened and closed. He was about to walk downstairs when he felt a tap on his shoulder and hand on his mouth. 
He heard Michael whisper “Shh it’s me, Michael, what’s going on?”
Sam whispered back “Ghost the skin walker has entered the house. I hope he won’t do any harm to Grandfather” as the two slowly tiptoed down the stairs. 
Then abruptly the front door banged open and close and they heard someone pounding on the porch. Sam ran towards the front door and turned on the light just to see Ghost running away. 
They heard Grandfather’s door open and him sleepily yell out “What’s the hell is going on there?!” 
Sam was about to speak when Michael called out “Oh it’s just a druggie trying to break in the house. We scared him off.” 
Then they heard Grandfather’s door slam shut and Sam asked Michael ‘Why couldn’t you let me tell the truth?”
Michael replied “I don’t know, it just came out.” 
He turned and tripped over a wrapped package with the words George Patricoly scrawled on it. 
Sam picked up the package and gave it a shake and heard nothing serious from it. He looked at Michael questioningly who took the package and then walked to Grandfather’s door and knocked. 
They heard Grandfather yell “What? I’m trying to sleep here!”
Michael spoke “The druggie was a messenger, left a package on the hallway addressed to you.” 
The door opened and Grandfather came out. 
He grabbed the package and gave it a shake, then frowned as he spoke “Michael, throw it out in the garbage outside. I refused to accept packages from the druggies.”
The boys heard him harrumph as he slammed the door in Michael’s face. 
Sam grabbed the package and was about to open it when Michael stopped him by saying “You don’t know what’s in there.” 
Sighing Sam thrust the package to Michael and spoke “Excuse me for being nosy. You go throw it out in the dumpster near the end of the street. I did that last time with Nanook’s shit.” 
Saying this he left Michael standing there and he heard Sam walk up the stairs. 
Michael sighed and then was about to open the package when he got an image of a white wolf with snow around the wolf in his head saying “Don’t open it.” 
Michael sighed and then got the same image as he was about to open the package again. Grumbling he slowly opened the door to see Daniel standing there who grabbed the package and ran into the night. 
Michael shook his head and muttered to himself “This is getting weirder and weirder. Ugh, I’m going to bed.” 
He met a sleepy Tina on the stairs who asked him “What’s going on?” 
Michael answered “Nothing to worry about” while noticing Tina’s glare he added “Don’t worry about it. Go back to bed.” 
Then he walked by Tina who stood with hands on her hips and spoke to herself “Boys, go figure.” 
 
In the morning the Trio was talking about the night visitor at breakfast in the dining room. 
Sam spoke “I think Ghost is a skin walker” 
As he looked at Grandfather who glared and spoke “It figures that whoever tried to catch Ghost has been catching some hoodlum.”
Michael kicked Sam in the shin as he was about to say something. 
Sam looked at Michael who asked “Who is the hoodlum they have been catching?”
Grandfather answered “Someone who witnesses haven’t yet to come forward identifying the hoodlum” as he glared at Michael. 
Michael sighed and Sam spoke despite a kick in the shin by Michael “What did this hoodlum look like?” 
Grandfather replied “No witnesses have come forward admitting that except you Sam.” 
Tina asked “When will the State Troopers stop searching the lands?”
Grandfather answered firmly “As long as their needed.” 
Then he limped towards the living room with Jojo helping him. Raya gathered the plates of no foods and Tina went to help her by carrying the plates of leftover foods. 
Sam grumbled “Mike, why are you fucking kicking me?”
Michael answered “Because you have a fucking big mouth.” 
Sam replied to that remark “Oh really, I bet you your fucking Pack Leader, that Ghost was that black hoodlum who knocked me out and left me in the barn.” 
Michael responded sarcastically “Yeah right” as they glared at each other. 
Tina came back from the kitchen and jokingly spoke “Guys, are you going to sit there having some staring contest?”
Michael got up and spoke “No, not really.” 
Then he left the dining room and Tina with Sam heard the front door bang shut. 
Tina asked Sam “What’s with Mike anyway?”

Michael sat on the porch steps staring in space as State Troopers came from the bushes grumbling. 
“This is ridiculous!” he heard one of them yelled followed by another saying “Let’s stop and go for coffee instead.” 
Michael heard them walk away down the driveway towards the accident site. Frowning he got up and walked following them when he was abruptly grabbed by behind and yanked into the forest. He felt a hand clamp over his mouth and the familiar muffled voice of Pack Leader speaking “Don’t, there’s news people there and their really nosy.” 
Michael was let go and turned to look at Pack Leader speaking “What happened to you to be covered up?”
Pack Leader answered “Because a Human betrayed me and we’ll leave it at that.” 
Michael watched as Pack Leader’s form changed into a white wolf that bounded away. 
Sighing Michael walked towards the house to see Sam standing there glaring on the porch steps. 
“The State Troopers have called off the search.” He said to Michael. 
Michael spoke “Oh, too bad.” 
Sam asked “Why is your Pack Leader’s identity hidden?”
Michael got an image of a stalking white wolf apparently snarling in his minds eye followed by the wolf speaking “Don’t tell him that.” 
Michael replied “How I should know?”
Sam spoke “Yeah right” and went inside the house. 
Michael groaned and went to sit on the porch steps.  
He put his head in his hands and thought to himself “A Human betrayal?” 

At the town’s police station Officer Larsen was at his desk typing a report on his computer when the door banged opened. He looked up to see a frowning man dressed in Native American outfit being hauled inside by State Troopers. 
Larsen stood up from his desk as one of the State Trooper came to him and spoke “Lone Eagle Horse Giver is his name and book him for trespassing on private lands belonging to George Patricoly.” 
Larsen obeyed and soon the man was released from the cuffs and behind bars in a cell next to his desk. 
Larsen asked the State Trooper with black hair with streaks of grey in it and pale skin whose name plate read “Johnson” was standing there outside the bars of the cell watching Lone Eagle “What’s going on?’
The State Trooper Johnson spoke with eyes narrowed “George Patricoly called us to track a wolf on his property and remove it, but so far the wolf has been evasive. We found signs of more than one wolf. Plus thanks to some news crews, we got people from animal rights groups protesting the removal outside” with a jerk of his head, Larsen followed Johnson to the window that led outside where protesters with waving signs stood. 
“Ugh” Larsen spoke “Great, the boss is going to have me for lunch.” 
He noticed Johnson staring at him and at his name plate that read Sergeant Larsen, Boss. 
Larsen spoke “I have reports to type, excuse me.” 
Then he abruptly walked towards his desk watched by Johnson with narrowed eyes and went to his computer. He heard the front door of the police station open and closed as Johnson left the Police Station. Larsen shook his head and grabbed the phone. 
He dialed a number and waited as a male voice spoke “Hello?”
Larsen spoke “Larsen here, we got a problem.” 

Silent Walker put the phone down with a scowl on his face. He heard a rap on the door to his office and looked to see his female cousin Cheyenne deaf and silent standing there watching him. 
He hand signed “There’s a State Trooper named Johnson, who is suspicious. He might be a problem.” 
She nodded and signed “What are we going to do if he’s a Rogue?”
Silent Walker hand signed back “That remains to be seen but he’ll be watched.” 

Chapter twenty seven

Night came as Pack Leader left the barn towards the house. Pack Leader stood there watching the house and walked slowly around the perimeter. Reaching the graves, Pack Leader kneeled and did some muttering chant. Then Pack Leader slowly got up and changed form to Ghost. Ghost went to sit facing a window, above, watching and waiting. 

Inside Sam couldn’t sleep, he tossed and turned then he got up in his pajamas towards the window and looked. Outside sat Ghost, who was staring at his window as Sam sighed and stood staring at Ghost. Then he yawned and went back to bed to sleep. In his sleep he dreamed that he was walking in a forest full of snow in his pajamas. Sam felt no coldness but the heat coming from the tips of his toes to his head as he walked barefoot in the snow. He saw some tracks of a wolf and followed it towards a clearing which he stood hidden behind a tree. In the clearing a woman came walking dressed in white clothes with her black hair pulled up in a ponytail. Sam gasped for he recognized the woman to be Brittany Morgan from the photo. He stood watching silently as the woman went behind a tree holding long knife in her hand. Sam could see her eyes narrow with concentration as she pulled on a hood covering her head and kneeled hugging the tree under its fallen limbs. Then Sam saw a movement out of his eyes to see a figure an older version of him self complete with long blonde hair pulled back came crashing out of the forest dressed in jeans, boots, with a brown jacket.
“Coyote Wilson” Sam thought from his hiding place.
The male, Coyote Wilson put his hands to mouth and yelled “Brittany! Where are you?!”
Sam could only watch as Coyote stomped near the tree where Brittany hid. Brittany erupted from her hiding place throwing the knife at Coyote’s chest. Sam could only watch with horror as Coyote staggered staring at a glaring Brittany with the knife in his chest then he fell towards the ground and lay still. Sam watched as Brittany pulled the knife from Coyote’s chest and went to a tree and wiped the blood off the knife with leaves. Then she stomped away in the snow dragging Coyote’s body. Sam felt him self following the two till they reached a river where Brittany threw in Coyote’s body and then walked away. 

Sam awoke with a start gasping as sweat covered his brow. He frowned as the light of the new day shined in the window. Checking the time, Sam saw that it was around eleven in the morning. Groaning he got up and got dressed exchanging his pajamas to his jeans shorts, tank top and plaid shirt over the tank top. Sam sighed and plopped on his sneakers after putting on socks. Then he went to the door of his room to downstairs. Downstairs he heard humming from the kitchen and went to the kitchen to see Raya at the stove cooking away. 
“Sam” she said without looking from the stove, “It’s about time you got up.” 
Sam asked “Where’s everybody?”
Raya answered “Oh George is in his room, while Tina is with Jojo at the horses corral. Michael is hanging around somewhere.”
Sam sighed and went to the table to sit and he stared out the window. He frowned as he saw Ghost sitting in the edges of the forests staring at him. 
He didn’t notice Raya turn around and see Sam staring out the window, seeing Ghost the white wolf. Raya took a plate of foods and set it on the table in front of Sam who picked up a fork and absent mind began to eat while staring out the window. 
Sam spoke after swallowing a mouthful of food, “What’s with Ghost the white wolf anyway? I keep seeing Ghost sitting under my window staring during the night several times.”
Raya sighed and sat next to Sam in a chair and sat staring out the window. Ghost outside at that moment turned and walked away into the forest.
Raya heard Sam mutter “Weird dream.”
Raya asked “Sam, did you have any strange dreams?’
Sam asked while eating bites of food “What strange dreams?’
Raya choose her words carefully as she spoke “Legend is that Ghost communicates to people by dreams.” 
Sam frowned and said “Just one weird dream I had last night of a woman stabbing a guy and throwing his body in a river, Humph.”
Raya choked on a gasp and asked carefully “Can you identify the woman and the victim?”
Sam spoke “The man said one name ‘Brittany’ and the man reminded me of myself which was an older version of me actually.” 
He didn’t notice Raya put her hands on her head and leaned on her elbows on the table while staring at Sam. 
Sam drank from a cup and once finished the cup, spoke “Thanks for the food, Raya. I’ll go look around and see if I could find Mike.” 
He got up and wandered out of the kitchen. Raya stood up and picked up the plate with the cup and walked towards the dish washer. She hummed to herself and heard Grandfather come limping in the kitchen. Raya looked to see Grandfather with a glare on his face.
“You’re the missing Grandmother who I’ve been seeking.” He said with accusation in his voice.
Raya calmly spoke “Prove it, George.” 
She watched as Grandfather pulled a folded paper from his pocket and thrust it at her. She took it and saw that the paper was an official document on DNA tests. She read the results to see that the tests between her, Michael and Tina were similar. 
Frowning Raya sarcastically spoke “So I’m related to the kids, doesn’t mean I’m this missing Grandmother.” 
Noticing Grandfather’s glare she added “Did you check to see if Timothy Jones Senior had any other relatives, alive?”
Grandfather limped towards her and snatched the paper out of her hand and limped out of the kitchen slamming the double doors. 

Sam wandered outside to see Michael sitting on the steps throwing a ball for Nanook to chase. He sat down next to Michael watching him. 
Michael noticing Sam’s stare asked “What ya staring at?”
Sam replied “I had a dream last night of Brittany Morgan and my father, Coyote Wilson.” 
Michael spoke “Go on. What was your dream about?”
Sam leaned forward and whispered the contents of his dream to Michael who stared at him with shock.
“Weird” Michael said, “I just think something fucking funny is going on here.” 
Sam added “Raya told me that there’s a legend that Ghost can communicate to people through dreams and I bet that was it.”
Michael heard Nanook whining and heard a car come in the driveway. Sam and Michael both looked to see a police car came in the driveway. They both watched as a man with grey streaks in his black hair, in a tan police uniform got out of the car with a glare on his face. 
The man spoke to Sam and Michael “The name’s State Trooper Johnson. Is your Grandfather around?”
They both heard the front door slam to see Grandfather came limping outside with an annoyed look on his face. 
Grandfather spoke “Something I could do for you Officer?”
Johnson spoke “I’m State Trooper Johnson. May I discus something with you in private?”
Grandfather gestured towards the back end of the porch. Johnson walked up the stairs towards the back end of the porch on the other side of the house. Michael sat watching them talk as Sam narrowed his eyes as Grandfather and Johnson both whispered with their backs to the two. The two watched as Grandfather threw one of his hands up in the air as he whispered to Johnson. Then they saw as Johnson patted Grandfather on the shoulder and then walked away towards the two. Johnson gave Michael and Sam a nod of his head before walking to his car and driving away. They both saw Grandfather stood banging his cane on the porch grumbling to self. Then Grandfather limped over to them and stood with anger in his face. 
“Well” he said to the two “Somebody bribed and a prisoner is free.” 
He limped inside the house slamming the door with a confused Sam watching him. 
Michael spoke “Lone Eagle Horse Giver, I bet is who he’s talking about.” 
Sam looked at Michael and spoke “Must be then, it must be Pack Leader who did that.” 
Michael answered “I don’t know if it’s Pack Leader who did that or not.” 
Sam spoke “Oh come on. The town is run by fucking people like you.” 
Michael asked “What makes you think of that shit?”
“I got this idea from Daniel” Sam said and added “I think it was one of the wolves that forced Claire off the road, Mike.” 
Michael gasped “Sam! What the fuck?!”
Sam answered “I think it was because of the bottle of wine Nanook found next to a wolf print.” 
Michael gasped “Bottle of wine?’
Sam added “It was Daniel who erased the wolf print with his shoes and I bet you that someone made Claire crash and then dumped some of the contents of the wine bottle down her throat.” 
Michael gave a grunt sound and then Nanook barked as a car came in the driveway. The two could see it was Daniel who came out of the corvette closing the door. They heard Nanook growling.
“Greetings,’ Daniel spoke “have you seen Jojo?”
 Sam spoke “At the horse corral with Tina.” 
 Daniel gave a mock bow and walked towards the barn. 

At the horse corral Jojo and Tina were chatting while leaning on the fence. 
Tina asked Jojo “How old were you when you changed?”
Jojo asked “Changed?”
Tina replied “You know, changed into a wolf form like what happened to Mike.” 
Jojo spoke “Uh, I don’t like talking about that.”
Tina pressed “How come? This happened to Mike.” 
Jojo was suddenly grabbed by behind and Tina looked to see Daniel turn her around and kissed Jojo on the lips. 
Tina spoke laughingly “Get a room you two.” 
Daniel placed a kiss on Jojo’s lips then let her go and stood facing Tina. 
“Greetings” Daniel said “How are the horses?”
Tina giggled and spoke “The horses are doing fine today.” 
Jojo spoke “Come on Tina let’s go to the house and see what Mother cooked for lunch.” 
The three walked from the horse corral towards the house. 

On the way to the house, Tina asked Daniel “When are you going to propose to her?’
Daniel gulped and stammered “I don’t know.” 
Jojo spoke “I think it depends on how this relationship continues. We just met at the beginning of June.” 
Tina spoke “Oh. I see so it’s too soon to tell right?”
Daniel nodded his head as Jojo replied “Yes.” 
They heard Nanook barking and followed the barking towards the house where Michael was there with Sam sitting on the porch steps. 
Michael seeing Daniel with Jojo and Tina, growled to Nanook “Sit!”
Nanook sat next to the Michael as he heard her growl aimed at Daniel. Sam sat watching the three reach the porch steps. 
Tina spoke “About time you were up, Sam. I tried to wake you up in time for breakfast, but you kept on sleeping, ignoring me.”
Sam nodded his head and stood watching Daniel, Jojo and Tina enter the house. He heard Michael groan and looked at him. 
Michael groaned out “Oh why, oh why do I feel a fucking feeling for Jojo when she has a boyfriend?”
Sam frowned and sat next to Michael and spoke “It must be your shitty hormones acting again.” 
Michael grumbled and got up with Nanook following him into the house. Sam sat on the porch steps. He felt a feeling of being watched and shuddered at that feeling. Then he got up and walked inside the house. Out of the bushes Ghost came out and stood watching Sam leave. Then Ghost walked into the forest. 

Inside the house the group sat at the dining room table eating lunch as Raya exclaimed “Sam, I just fed you and you’re still hungry?”
Sam spoke “I guess I’m hungrier than I thought.” 
Daniel spoke “So what’s new with Claire?”
That brought the cheery mood around the table to somber. 
Daniel noticing the somber moods on his companions’ faces spoke again “Sorry I had to bring that up.” 
Grandfather spoke “Well, the news on Claire is still the same according to the hospital who called an hour ago.” 
Michael and Tina both frowned. Michael could hear Nanook whimpering and he reached a hand and rubbed the dog’s head. Nanook barked and Hocus the cat came jumping on the table. 
Raya spoke “Get that cat off the table before he eats the food.” 
Sam groaned, reached for the cat and pulled Hocus off the table. He left the dining room with Nanook following. 
Tina spoke “Excuse me.” 
Then she got up from the table to follow Sam holding Hocus with Nanook following behind them. 
Raya frowned and spoke “Oh well, so Daniel are you wearing your driver’s license?”
Daniel answered by pulling a wallet out of the back of his ripped blue jeans and opened the wallet showing his drivers’ license. 
“I got it done this morning” he said. 
Jojo spoke “About time.” 
Grandfather harrumphed as he slowly got up and limped off. They heard Sam came in the dining room with a questioning look on his face. 
He asked “What did I miss?”
Michael answered “Daniel got his driver’s license done.”
“Oh” said Sam who went to help Raya clear the table. 
Michael watched as Jojo with Daniel left the dining room then he picked up some plates and left to the kitchen. 
In the kitchen Raya spoke to Sam “Did you have any strange dreams, Sam?”
Michael heard Sam replied as he walked into the kitchen “Just that weird dream of Brittany stabbing my Father whatever that means.”
Raya hummed to herself as she bent to put the dishes in the dishwasher. Michael followed her example and helped her to put dishes in the dishwasher. 
Michael broke the silence by speaking “What happened to your Father anyway?”
Sam spoke “I don’t know but I’ve heard my adoptive parents mention him in terms like he survived.”
Raya asked “Survived what?”
Sam replied, “Probably what I dreamed.” 
Michael shockingly asked “Your Father survived a knife wound and a near drowning?”
Sam sighed and sat at the kitchen table with Hocus sitting there hissing as Nanook sat next to the table eying Hocus. 
Sam spoke “My adoptive parents over the years told me that my Mother is locked up because she tried to kill my Father.”
Michael and Raya both gasped and they looked at each other with shock on their faces then at Sam who stared at them with narrowed eyes. 
“What’s going on?” he asked them. 
Raya sighed and spoke “Sorry but I’m surprised with what you told me” as Michael echoed the same comment. 
Hocus at the moment hissed out a meow as the three looked to see a white wolf running from the kitchen window to the forest beyond. 
Sam spoke “What’s with Ghost anyway?’
Raya and Michael exchanged glances and nodded their heads in a silent agreement as Sam kept looking out the window. 
Then Sam spoke “I keep seeing Ghost around too much.” 
Raya went to the phone and dialed a number as Michael went to join Sam looking out the window. 
They both heard Raya speaking Romanian to someone on the phone and turned to watch Raya talk while hearing her mention the words, “Brittany Morgan”, “Coyote Wilson” 
Raya hung up the phone and spoke to the two “Just asked some of my sources to check out some information anyway. It’s possible that your Mother might be alive.” 
Sam shrugged and went to look out the window as Michael sat down giving the cat some body scratches. Hocus purred loudly as Nanook whined. 
Raya went to the dog and petted Nanook’s head. The three sat in silence lost in thought. Then they heard the kitchen door slam as Tina came in. 
“What’s with the frown faces?” Tina asked “Plus I met this Officer Johnson, some State Trooper wandering around the horses corral claiming he was looking for something. Guy gave me the creeps with his eyes, Ugh.” 
Raya frowned and an “Ooh” escaped from her as the teens looked at her with confusion on their faces. 
Sam asked “Did you call Officer Johnson?”
Raya sighed and spoke “That I admit, No, I called some police officers in the state department to check out Sam’s Mother.” 
She walked over to a sitting Sam and tousled with his blonde hair. 
Sam spoke “Tina, my adoptive parents mentioned to me over the years that my biological Mother was locked up for trying to kill my Father.”
Tina sighed and asked “I’m missing something am I?”
Sam related the events of his strange dream to Tina who stared open mouth.
“Ouch!” Tina exclaimed and added “So sorry to hear of that.” 
Sam spoke “Yeah.”
Michael sighed and got up to wander out of the kitchen. Tina, Sam and Raya heard the back door slam. Sam looked outside the window to see Michael walking towards the gravesites then walked into the forests. 
Sam spoke out loud “Jeez, lucky you Mike. You get to run in the forests without a care and I have to watch myself.”
Tina and Raya exchanged glances as Sam stood up and left the kitchen. Hocus jumped from the table to the blocky kitchen island in the middle of the kitchen. Nanook gave a bark at Hocus who arched and hissed at Nanook. 
“Fucking damn cat” Tina said “Always torturing Nanook.” 
Raya spoke “Please watch your language. It’s in Nanook’s nature to chase Hocus. She sees Hocus as a prey.”
Tina spoke “Well-”
At that moment she was interrupted by the phone ringing, Raya went to get it. She frowned hearing the contents and then hung up. Tina stared as Raya closed her eyes and muttered something in Romanian.
Tina asked “What’s going on?”
Raya replied “Trouble and danger for us all.” 

Chapter twenty eight

The heat of summer came in the night as Ghost wandered into the forest walking silently and alert. Ghost sat down on its stomach and closed its eyes. In a dream, Ghost changed the form to the hooded Pack Leader with long knife in hand facing the bushes covered with snow. Slowly a man with long blond hair, wearing green hunting army clothes came out with an identical knife in hand stood. 
Pack Leader spoke firmly “You’re not wanted around here.”
The man narrowed his blue eyes, stood his ground and spoke “Or you’ll what? You can’t harm me anymore like you did once, Brittany.” 
He smiled as Pack Leader gasped out “That name is no longer me, Coyote” 
Coyote spoke “I managed to survive you throwing me in the river but I had to hide myself from you. Poor you thinking I was dead.”
He smiled at Pack Leader who growled “I haven’t forgiven you for taking our son away and hiding him from me.” 
Coyote frowned and spoke “It was necessary for our son’s welfare. The others would have killed him.” 
Pack Leader growled sniffing the cold snowy air “Too bad, you should leave before the others arrive.” 
Coyote spoke “Oh really? The others can’t harm me.” 
Then he backed away with knife in hand and disappeared into the snowy bushes. Pack Leader put the knife away and changed form to Ghost who woke up and ran into the bushes towards a river. Ghost sat at the river growling then walked towards the forest. 

In the forest Pack Leader abruptly changed form as another figure came charging and jumped to the side in a Human form to see the figure who was dressed in black with some half mask covering the part of the face with the mouth peering out. 
“Longbow” Pack Leader growled “The others won’t tolerate you.” 
The masked figure in black said a male voice snarled “Oh they will, Brittany.” 
Pack Leader hauled off the hood and ski mask revealing a face pale from not being under the sun with brown eyes and long black wavy hair of a woman who spoke “Prepare to fight Longbow” as she held out a long knife.
Longbow held out a knife identical to Brittany’s. They parried knives flashing. 
Longbow smiled a menacing smile as he made a cut on Brittany’s left cheek. She growled at Longbow and attacked, which Longbow twisted to the side and knocked the knife out of Brittany’s hand and stuck the side of his knife at her throat. 
“Do you yield, Brittany?” He demanded. 
Brittany’s response was to spit at him, and he spoke “Very well, the others know of your son with Coyote and I suggest you yield or else.” 
Brittany held up her hands and waited for the knife to cut her throat. Longbow grabbed her hair and hauled her towards the edge of the forests with knife still at her throat. 
He spoke “As Pack Leader, I’m ordering you to change your form and get your son out of the house.” 
Brittany spat a fuck word at him and changed her form to Ghost who walked to the window of the house. Longbow howled some call of victory in his Human form. 

Sam lay on the bed sweating in the heat of the night. He was frowning as he stared at the ceiling then he got up and heard Nanook barking from the hallway. Getting up he felt a mild wave of dizziness as he got up to his bedroom door. Opening the door he saw Nanook who stopped barking and whined a sad sound. He followed Nanook outside his room to see Michael lying on the ground in the hallway, gripping his head as his body changed from Human to Wolf and back. 
“Mike” Sam ran to Michael and shook him. 
Michael moaned out “Pack Leader” then he gripped his head and changed to a gray wolf who snapped at Sam.
Sam backed away with Nanook growling at Michael in wolf form. 
Michael changed into his Human form and spoke “Go outside Sam.” 
Sam stiffened when he heard the order in a voice not Michael’s. 
Michael repeated the command and pointed to the hallway behind Sam who stood his ground and walked to his room with Nanook following him, slamming the door, locking it behind him.
He grumbled to himself “What’s gotten in Mike anyway?”
Then he heard pounding on the door as Nanook growled. Sam went to the window and looked to see Ghost sitting there. He sighed as Ghost turned and bounded away. 
The pounding on his door stopped then he lie on the bed and fell asleep. 

Brittany dragged herself with her cheek healing towards her cabin which was a small hill with ivy and a tree growing out of it. 
She reached for the keys at her sock and heard Longbow say “Looking for these?”
He thrust the rusted keys in her line of sight. She looked up at him to spit but received a whack on the back of her head from his other hand. 
She saw Longbow lean towards her with his mask still on his face speaking “You’ll learn to respect me like the others have” and he kissed her right cheek. 
Then he grabbed one of her hands and dropped the keys in her hand then walked away. Brittany snarled at his retreating back. She unlocked the door to the cabin and stepped inside. Groaning Brittany walked towards the dusty couch and lay curled in a ball. 
She moaned as she fell asleep, “Coyote, where are you?”

It was still hot as ever that Sam dragged himself from the bed to down stairs to the dining room. He saw Tina with Michael sitting there at the table while Sam heard Raya talking to Jojo from the kitchen. Their voices were too low to make out the conversation. Sam walked to the table and sat. He noticed Michael glaring at him. 
Sam spoke “What are you looking at Mike?’
Michael replied “Nothing.” 
Jojo came from the kitchen with her Mother carrying plates of foods. 
Sam asked Grandfather “How come you don’t have an air conditioner?”
Grandfather spoke “Don’t need one and don’t ask me to get a damned air conditioner.”
Sam groaned. 

The group ate the foods in silence. The phone rang and Raya went to get up to the wall and answer it. 
She spoke “Oh it’s for you George.” 
She handed the cordless to Grandfather who spoke “George Patricoly here.”
The group watched as his eyes narrowed and spoke with an angry tone “Who the hell is this?”
Grandfather abruptly slammed the phone down on the table, disconnecting it and grumbled out loud “Some druggie got this phone number from who knows where and is threatening me harm.” 
Shaking his head he got up from the table and limped towards the TV room. 
Jojo asked in Romanian “Mother, who was that really?”
Raya replied in Romanian “Georgina, Someone who’ll bring dread” as Raya went into the kitchen with Jojo following her.
Sam asked “Michael, do you remember what happened last night?”
Michael looked confused spoke “What, what happened last night?”
Sam sighed and said to Tina, “I found your brother Mike lying on the floor with an apparent headache.” 
At that moment he felt Michael kick him in the shin and glared at him who glared back. 
Tina spoke “It must be the heat because I had a bad headache last night too.”
Sam spoke “Oh really? Michael was saying Pack Leader before telling me to go outside.” 
Tina looked at Michael for confirmation, who said “Like Tina here said, I had a bad headache last night and I don’t remember much about what I said to you.” 
Sam spoke “Yeah right, you ordered me to go outside with some fucking creepy voice.” 
Michael asked “Creepy voice?”
Tina looked at Sam who added “Yeah your voice was strange like someone was talking through you.” 

At that moment the Trio heard the phone ring from the kitchen and heard Raya yell out “I’ll get it!” 
 Sam got up and walked into the kitchen with Michael and Tina following him. They stood in the kitchen with Jojo watching Raya on the phone with a range of emotions on her face. 
“Uh huh” she said and added “The kids are in the kitchen watching me. Yes Sam is here. You want to talk to him?”
Michael abruptly looked at Sam with a confused look on his face then back to Raya who spoke “Sam, the phone’s for you.” 
She held out the phone to Sam who took it and spoke to the receiver “Who is this?”
He heard a male voice on the line speak “Hello Sam, perhaps we’ll meet.” 
Sam again asked “Who is this?”
The male voice spoke “Someone who cares. A word of warning, you be careful of the wolves, their wild animals that aren’t to be trusted.”
The caller abruptly hung up and Sam handed the phone to Raya. 
Michael asked “Sam who was that anyway?”
Sam spoke “He didn’t give me a name.” 
He noticed Michael looking at him and added “Just some fucking shitty druggie bum wanting to scare me about the damned druggies hanging around here, Hmph.” 
Raya exclaimed “Sam, watch your language!” 
Tina added “I don’t think they’ll hang around here due to finding Timothy Jones’ body.”
Michael sighed and left the kitchen. Sam went to sit down at the table and petted Hocus who was rubbing his face against Sam’s face. 
He heard Tina asked Jojo “Can we go to the barn now?”
Sam looked to see Raya speak to Jojo in Romanian, and both Jojo with Tina left the kitchen. 
He watched as Raya went to put the dishes in the dishwasher while humming. 
Sam stood up but Raya stopped him by saying “I want to talk to you, Sam.” 
Sam sat down and watched Raya finish loading the dishwasher. She went to sit at the table as the dishwasher hummed washing the dishes. 
“All right I’ll tell you what you want to know” she said and added “Sam that was the new Pack Leader on the phone.” 
She saw Sam’s eyes widen with shock and added “He was warning you because of your heritage and the fact that you’re a minor, not old enough to cause trouble yet.” 
Sam asked “New pack leader? What happened to the former leader?”
Raya replied “The former leader was” she paused as the doorbell rang. 
She yelled “Sam and I will get the door!” 
She gestured to Sam to follow her and he followed through the TV room with an annoyed Grandfather, watching TV and glaring at them. The doorbell rang again. Reaching the door Raya peered through the door hole and muttered something in Romanian. 
Then she opened the door a crack and spoke loud enough for Sam to hear behind her “What can I do for you, Sir?” 
Sam peered behind Raya’s left side to see a tall man with long black hair pulled in a ponytail and tan skin stood above Raya wearing, blue jeans and tight fitting blue crew neck T-shirt. The man’s brown eyes narrowed when he saw Sam peering around Raya. 
Raya again asked “Hello Sir, who are you?”
The man replied “The name is Longbow. I’m here to see Sam Benson.” 
Raya gestured with her left hand to Sam and spoke “This is Sam Benson, something he could do for you?”
Longbow said with his eyes narrowing, which Sam noticed “Nothing, I just want to talk that’s all.” 
Raya exclaimed “Sam stop peering behind me and come out!”
Sam walked around Raya with a glare on his face and stood on the porch with Longbow as the front door shut behind him. 
Before Longbow could talk Sam asked “It was you on the phone.” 
Longbow folded his arms and stood facing Sam and said “Yes it was me-” 
Sam interrupted “Why?”
Longbow answered “Simply as a Leader of the Pack.” 
Sam grumbled out “You’re Pack Leader.” 
Longbow replied “Yes, the new Leader.”
He continued before Sam could talk “Be warned, you’ll be watched and don’t touch guns period” while pointing a finger at Sam then Longbow walked down the steps and changed his form to a grey wolf that ran away into the forest. 
“Don’t touch guns.” Sam echoed with a harrumph.
 Sam walked into the house gently closing the door. Sam walked into the living room and saw Grandfather watching him. 
“Who was that?” Grandfather asked him. 
Sam heard Raya came in the room speaking “Oh no one but a visitor who wanted to talk to Sam that’s all” then she walked to the kitchen.
Sam heard her talking to Jojo while in the kitchen. Grandfather harrumphed and averted his gaze back to the TV. Sam sat at the couch and felt Hocus jump on the couch to sit on his lap purring. He rubbed the cat’s back as Hocus purred. Sam heard whining from Nanook who sat at the couch on her hindquarters eying the cat. 

The front door opened and Tina came in with Michael. Sam seeing them got up moving Hocus from his lap, from the couch and went to the sun room. 
Sam gasped out loud “There’s a woman carrying flowers walking towards the gravesites.” 
Michael and Tina went to join him and stood watching the woman laid flowers of roses on the gravesites. Michael frowned seeing her clothes for they reminded him of the Pack Leader. Then she looked up and stared as if knowing she was being watched staring straight at them. 
Sam put his hand on the door to outside the sun room when Grandfather demanded “Where you going, Sam?”
“Just to see this woman, outside” Sam told him. 
Grandfather switched the TV off with the remote and swiveled the chair to face the Trio. 
Tina exclaimed “Oh! She’s coming here!”
The Trio went to the living room as the woman reached the sun room door and opened it. She walked inside and stood staring at the Trio with narrowed eyed looks making them uncomfortable before walking into the living room towards Grandfather to stand near him.
Grandfather spoke “Well, Brittany Morgan, long time I’ve seen you.”
He heard gasps from the Trio who were staring at her from the living room doorway.
Brittany Morgan spoke “Yes it’s been a long time I’ve been seen.”
Grandfather noticing the Trio, changed languages to a foreign language speaking “Was that you who was responsible for what happened to Claire?”
Brittany replied in the language “Yes.” 
She stood facing Grandfather in her black sweat pants with black shoes and a white tank top on her with her black sweatshirt wrapped around her waist. Her black hair was pulled in a ponytail and there was a bit of a scar on her left cheek.
Grandfather spoke knowing that the Trio wouldn’t understand his words “Who was Claire really?”
Brittany replied “One of us, who was told not to join herself with a Human.” 
Grandfather frowned and added “It figures about what happened to Claire. She’s currently locked up in an asylum. Don’t tell the kids that.” 
Brittany bristled who spoke “I was in an asylum when I had my son, fathered by Coyote.” 
Grandfather switched languages spoke in English “Sam, come here.” 
He gestured with his right hand to Sam who walked from the sun room to the living room. He stood watching Brittany with a confused look on his face. 
“Sam” Grandfather spoke “This is your biological Mother, Brittany Morgan. I believe you already know who your Father is.” 
Sam, as Michael and Tina gasped, said regaining his composure “Coyote Wilson is my father.” 
Grandfather answered “Yes, that’s true; your adoptive parents told you of your father did them?”
Sam noticed Brittany staring at him intensely said to her “Yes they mentioned my Father. Why did you give me up?”
Brittany with venom in her voice replied “I wasn’t given a choice.” 
She noticed Grandfather glaring at her and added “They accused me of starvation while I was carrying you.”
“Oh” said Sam. 
At that moment Grandfather ordered “Michael. Tina. Go help Jojo with her Mother in the kitchen will you?”
Michael sighed and grabbed Tina by the arms; together the two went into the kitchen. 
Grandfather asked “What happened to Coyote Wilson?’
Sam answered “I had a dream that Brittany” while noticing an intense look on Brittany’s face added “Mother attacked him with a knife-“
Brittany finished for him “And threw him in the river over a bridge-”
Grandfather interrupted her “Yet he survived did he?’
Brittany spoke “The attack was a warning, for him to leave the state. He refused to listen to me when I told Coyote to leave Connecticut” she paused. 
Grandfather spoke “Continue” as Sam stood next to her. 
Brittany continued while looking at Sam “I told him I couldn’t protect him from the others wanting to harm him. Coyote brushed my talk aside thinking the curse was over but I proved it by revealing my wolf form to him. Coyote told me that my people couldn’t harm him. I had to prove of his stupidity by attacking him. That was the last I’ve seen of him.”
Grandfather spoke firmly “He survived.” 
Brittany replied “Yes, there’s a story that there’s a hunter matching Coyote’s description around these parts, killing wolves.” 
Grandfather asked “And when was that?”
Brittany replied while looking at Sam “The story started the moment Coyote disappeared, which was about thirteen years ago.” 
Then the doorbell rang. 
Grandfather spoke “Brittany, go with Sam to the kitchen then” as Jojo came out of the kitchen with a questioning look on her face.
Brittany and Sam left to the kitchen as Grandfather ordered from his seat on the armchair “Jojo, answer the door will you?”
He watched as Jojo left the room. 
As the doorbell rang again, Jojo opened the door to her surprise to see a State Trooper standing there. 
The State Trooper spoke “Is George Patricoly around? I’m State Trooper Johnson.” 
Jojo politely spoke “Follow me.” 
She led the State Trooper towards the living room where Grandfather sat in the armchair watching. 
Jojo silently left the two alone, to the kitchen. In the kitchen, Brittany peered out of one of the two windows of the kitchen door watching Grandfather speaking to the State Trooper. 
Tina spoke peering out another window of the kitchen door “Ugh, it’s that creepy State Trooper with that weird look in his eyes.” 
Raya spoke from the kitchen stove “It’s not nice to judge people creepy by the looks in their eyes.” 
Tina protested “He does seem creepy-” 
Brittany interrupted “That State Trooper has killed wolves before according to witnesses among the pack.” 
Michael sat down at the kitchen table as Sam asked “What are you talking about?”
Brittany snarled out “I’ve seen this fool kill some renegade wolves.” 
At that moment Raya cleared her throat and Brittany continued “The others have seen him do the same to other wolves captured.” 
Michael asked “Who is he really?”
Brittany looked at him with muscular arms folded and spoke “Appears to be someone who has an agenda against wolves.” 
Then she went to the kitchen window and stood looking out the window. Sam stood next to her and looked to see a line of wolves of several shades of black, white and gray standing at the outskirts of the forest.
“What’s going on?” he whispered to his Mother.
Brittany sighed and whispered back “I don’t know.”
Michael exclaimed besides the two “Hey! There are wolves standing outside!”
Jojo and Tina looked to see the wolves turn around and disappear into the forest.
Michael asked “What brought them out?” 
Grandfather came into the kitchen limping with one hand on his cane with State Trooper Johnson following behind him. 
“Raya Ioniel” Grandfather spoke “this is State Trooper Johnson.”
Raya wiped her hands on the dish cloth from a pocket of her flowered dress and held out her hand to the State Trooper who shook hands with her. 
Grandfather pointed to the Trio with Jojo and Brittany introducing each person. 
Johnson interrupted before Grandfather could introduce Brittany by speaking “Ah the famous, Brittany Morgan. You look different from your pictures.”
Brittany kept her arms folded and nodded her head in greeting to Johnson. 
Grandfather added “State Trooper Johnson is here to make sure nothing funny happens around here if you know what I mean.” 
Raya frowned but kept her mouth shut as Grandfather and Johnson left the kitchen. Brittany gestured to Sam to follow her out of the kitchen. Sam got up and followed her out of the kitchen towards the sun room. They both heard the front door bang close as they both went outside towards the graves. 
Sam broke the silence by saying “I heard what happened to Mark” as he noticed her stiffen. 
Sam continued “Sorry I brought that up. What happened to Luke?”
Brittany replied “Luke. I haven’t seen him in awhile.” 
“Oh” said Sam who frowned. 
Brittany spoke “Come” and Sam followed her into the forest.
In the forest they walked in silence till they reached a small hill with a tree growing out of it. Sam gasped as Brittany pulled the ivies from the sides of the hill revealing a door. 
“My cabin” She said as she pulled out a set of keys and unlocked the door. 
Sam walked inside to see the cabin and looked around. He blinked his eyes as Brittany turned on the lights of the cabin with a switch. He noticed a couch facing the door on one wall with the fireplace besides it, went to the couch. There was a door next to it and a loft with a metal ladder on the other side of the room. 
Brittany noticing his interest spoke “You were conceived there on that couch” as she closed the door.
She stood and watched as Sam wandered around the cabin looking around. Then they heard a knock on the door. Brittany went to the door and opened it a crack. Sam sat on the arm of the couch facing the door. 
Brittany stared at Longbow standing behind the door facing her. 
Longbow spoke in a foreign language “Why did you bring him here?”
Brittany instead of answering pushed the door as if attempting to slam it in Longbow’s face that easily blocked the door with his hand. He pushed the door open wider with his hand and walked inside. 
Brittany walked towards the fireplace as Longbow spoke again in the language “As your Pack Leader, don’t turn your back on me.” 
Brittany replied in the foreign language “He’s my son.”
Longbow continued speaking in the foreign language “I don’t appreciate you bringing Sam here.” 
Brittany spoke in the language “Sam is still my son.” 
Longbow glared and advanced towards Brittany with a feral gleam in his eyes speaking “Why haven’t you taken another male as a mate?”
Brittany answered “I don’t want to” as Longbow reached her and gripped her shoulders. 
Out of the corners of his eyes, Longbow saw Sam stand up with a scowl on his face. 
Longbow spoke in English “I’m claiming your Mother, as my mate, any objections?”
Sam harrumphed and kept his mouth shut as Brittany spoke in English “Claiming me for what? I already been claimed by-“
Longbow finished by saying in English “By a Human, hmm?”
Brittany backed one foot back but Longbow kept his grip on her shoulders and lowered his head to her head. 
He whispered to her “Poor Coyote, doesn’t know what’s he’s missing.” 
Longbow felt Brittany jerk as he plopped his hands on her cheeks and lowered his face some more till his lips touched Brittany’s closed mouth and kissed her fully on the lips despite Sam heard growling noises behind them. 

Chapter twenty nine

Elsewhere in another part of the State of Connecticut, during the night, a man was lying on a medical bed asleep with bars around the bed wearing a hospital gown. He jerked his eyes open and with wild feral looks on his face while feeling cloth restraints on his muscular arms as he sat up. There was a shock of long blonde hair that fell around his face bare of a mustache and beard. The man then with great strength from a muscular physique easily ripped the cloth bonds around his arms and stood up growling. He stood in a hospital gown while looking around the room. Light of the moon shined from a window as monitors beeped from the four beds in the room. The man felt objects on his arms with wires attached to the monitors. He zealously tore them off as a small alarm went off. The man stood as a door to the room opened and a woman, a nurse came in the room. 
“Oh, you’re out of your coma” she said as she went to a phone by the side of the room and dialed a number. 
The man stood sneering as he watched her talk on the phone “I just thought I’ll let you know that he’s awake from the coma.” 
She paused and continued “Of course, I’ll let you know of-“
She cut herself off when the man stalked towards her with a wild look on his face growling. 
She spoke again “I think I have to go now.” 
Then she hung up the phone and darted towards the door as the man grabbed her from behind. 
The woman spoke “Please let me go.” 
The man glared at her while noticing the panic in her voice. He pushed her aside from the door and grabbed the handle of the door and twisted it opening the door. Then the man abruptly turned around as the woman attacked him with a syringe in hand. She groaned as he grabbed her wrist of her hand, holding the syringe, twisting the wrist, that the wrist brought pain to the woman. The woman stared at the man’s angry feral gaze as he took the syringe and stabbed the woman with it on her shoulder. The woman groaned again as she felt the drug take effect then the man let her go. He walked towards the door and opened it. Outside was a hallway where another nurse, a male stood with a syringe in his hand. 
The male nurse spoke “Go back to your bed.” 
The man stood as if calculating the male nurse then stalked towards him with a feral look in his eyes and face. His lip curled up in a sneering growl. The nurse stared at the man and dropped the syringe and ran down the hallway. The nurse as he ran felt something like a small pain hit him from behind and the nurse fell towards the ground feeling the effects of the drug. The man walked slowly as reached the male nurse he took the syringe from the nurse’s body and kept walking. Doors on his sides stood open as the man heard beeps from monitors beeping away. The man reached the end of the hallway and stood watching a nurse in an office with her back to him. The man seeing an exit sign above a door walked towards it. 
He heard a shout from the female nurse yelling “Hey! You’re not authorized to leave till the doctor checks you out!”
The man felt a hand on his arm and looked at the nurse with a glare of again a feral gleam in his eyes while holding the syringe in his other hand. The nurse stiffened and let go of his arm. She backed away and ran towards the office. The man stood, dropping the syringe, and walked into exit entrance finding it was a stairwell to up and down and entered it slowly going down. Reaching the end of the stairwell down several sets of stairs ending at a door with another exit sign above he put his ear on the door and heard silence. Then he opened the door and stood in the parking lot light illuminated barely with bushes surrounding the entrance with a wide open space next to it with lines and beyond that were a row of trees. The man sniffed the air and smiled to himself then slowly walked shadowing the building. He ducked behind the bushes, when something he recognized to be a car came by with multicolored lights flashing with the words “Wolfville” on it. As he eyed the car through the bushes the man felt something feeling he never felt before. He knelt in the bushes watching as the car came and sat between one of the lines. The flashing stopped and the car went silent. Then a figure came out of the car with a light in hand. The figure crept towards the exit towards the building where the man left. The man edged himself back towards the exit and waited as the figure came forward towards his position with a light sweeping from the area. The figure reached the door and opened it when the man attacked from behind silently pushing the figure on the back towards the doorway. The figure fell towards the ground and rolled to face the man, who hit him with his fists on the face. Then the man shined the light, the figure, dropped to see a man with gray in his hair with an old look on his face. His clothes were of black pants, black shoes, and a black top with items on them. The man proceeded to strip the figure of his clothes and hooked on the items like they were familiar to him. The man sighed and grabbed the light the figure dropped then turned it off. The man noticed a blue string around the old man’s left wrist, taking the string he pulled his long hair back into a messy ponytail. 
He heard a voice coming from one of the boxy items on his waist speaking “Report, Wilson, did you find the patient, over?”
The man walked towards the car and got in then turned the engine on. He saw besides the driver’s seat on the dashboard was a small folded open flat object with words on it. The words were in English which the man recognized. The man’s eyes read the words and then he put a hand to his head and groaned. 
Sighing he pulled the rearview mirror and looked at himself as he again heard the voice coming from the box on his hip speaking “Report, Wilson, did you find the patient, over?”
With a flick of a switch the man turned the box off and it went silent. Then he adjusted the rearview mirror and the side mirrors before he backed the car and drove off into the night.

Brittany lay on the sofa bed, as the moon barely shined its rays through the ivy covered windows, with Longbow besides her. She remembered after Longbow kissed her, Daniel came knocking on the cabin door and came in the cabin with a weird look on his face as he saw the two. Longbow, Brittany remembered to herself, practically ordered Daniel to bring Sam back to the house. 
Sam left the cabin glaring at Longbow saying “Don’t hurt my mother.” 
Longbow spoke “I won’t” then he pulled the sofa apart to show the bed part of the sofa and stood staring at Brittany with a golden gleam in his eyes and spoke again some foreign words that made Brittany move her feet towards him. Brittany closed her eyes remembering what happened next that brought her to be lying on the sofa bed lying next to Longbow he using her for oral sex and refraining from entering her despite her pleas of wanting it. 
She shifted to get up and felt Longbow’s hand on her arm and his voice speaking in his familiar foreign language “Where do you think your going, Brittany?”
She answered in the dialect not looking at Longbow “Just to shower.” 
Longbow spoke opening his eyes to stare at Brittany’s form “I’m not done with you yet.” 
Then Brittany sighed and once again felt Longbow pull her towards him and she knew what was coming next, closed her eyes.

Chapter thirty 

Grandfather Patricoly lay on his bed asleep with the light of dawn peering through the shades of his open windows when his phone rang. He groaned hearing the ringing of the phone. 
Reaching the phone he spoke “George Patricoly speaking.” 
A voice on the line spoke “State Trooper Johnson speaking. The patient you expressed interest in, has woken up and escaped. There’s one problem.” 
Grandfather spoke “What’s the problem?”
He heard the State Trooper’s reply and hung up the phone with a scowl on his face. Then Grandfather lay on the bed staring at the ceiling thinking. He remembered years ago, walking in the snow without a limp carrying some rope in his hand, before he hurt his leg, walking towards the river in the forest. At the river Grandfather stood watching the water flow under the ice till something caught his eyes. He stared with shock to see a man with blonde hair came floating by. Grandfather tied the rope around a tree and himself then threw himself into the waist high water towards the floating man. The ice was cold to the touch and reaching the man, Grandfather pulled him towards himself and with one hand pulled on the rope towards the shore while grunting of effort. At the shore Grandfather panted and then untied the rope from the tree. Grandfather heard the man groan out “Brittany” and hauled the man through the forest towards a busy road. There he laid the man on the ground and waved his arms at the cars who drove pass. 

Grandfather sighed at the memory. He frowned again at learning the man’s identity when his alarm buzzed eight am. Sighing Grandfather got up and got dressed. Then he grabbed his cane and limped outside his room towards the TV room to sit and wait. He didn’t have to wait long, for the Trio came downstairs together. 
Grandfather spoke “Good morning kids.” 
He saw Michael gave a look to Sam, grabbed his sister’s arm and went into the kitchen. 
Sam asked “what’s going on?’
Grandfather replied “Do you know how I got this limp?”
Sam answered “From hurting your leg.” 
Grandfather sighed and spoke “I got this limp from rescuing your Father from an icy river years ago.”
Sam stared with shock on his face and spoke “Uh, what happened to my Father?”
Grandfather replied “The attack that happened to your Father made him enough to be the Hunter who hunted and shot some wolves.” 
Noticing the confused and shocked look on Sam’s face Grandfather continued “Your Father, starting thirteen years ago, hunted with terror for a short time period of a month hunting some wolves who were actually skin walkers that led him to a trap. The trap, I’m unsure of the details put him in a coma on an off. On and off means your Father would wake up for who knows how long then fall back into a coma.”
He paused to let Sam take stock of the words then continued speaking “I received a phone call earlier today about your Father.”
At that moment he was interrupted by the doorbell ringing. 
Grandfather spoke “Sam, get the door will you?”
 Sam walked towards the front door and peered through the door hole. 
He made a sound of disgust and opened the door to face State Trooper Johnson who spoke “Is George Patricoly around?”
Sam spoke with disgust “Follow me” and he led the State Trooper towards the living room where Grandfather sat in his swivel armchair.
State Trooper Johnson spoke “Did you tell him about his Father?”
Grandfather spoke while noticing Sam’s glare “I did but I was going to tell him about what happened last night-”
Sam interrupted “What happened last night?”
State Trooper Johnson gestured with his hand towards Grandfather who spoke “Your Father woke up from his coma again but this time he escaped the facility where he was being held. There was a problem with your Father when he escaped.” 
Noticing Sam looking at him intensively, Grandfather continued “Your Father was acting not human like which is a concern.” 
Sam asked “How not Human like?”
Johnson answered for Grandfather “Cameras in the facility show him growling towards the nurses and attacking them when they tried to restrain him. Another problem was he failed to recognize your Grandfather, his Father who was attacked when your Father escaped.”
Sam gasped out “Grandfather?”
Grandfather spoke “Your Grandfather Douglas Wilson was called to the scene during the night and your Father attacked him. It appears that your Father has suffered from memory loss or he wouldn’t have attacked your Grandfather” while hearing Sam groan.
Johnson spoke “Cameras show that Coyote Wilson drove away in the facility security car which was tracked.”
Grandfather stared at Johnson and asked “Was tracked?”
Johnson put his hat in his hands and spoke “I came here to tell you that the security car was found on a back road in Drakeville, early as four am, with a yet to identified man lying inside it. Apparently the victim stopped the car and Coyote Wilson attacked the victim and stole his car. The victim is in a local hospital in a coma. There’s no identification on the victim so we’re running his picture and prints.”
Sam groaned out “Oh suppose my Father’s coming here?”
Grandfather spoke “It’s possible, but things are different while your Father was in a coma. He may be disoriented, not recognizing things the way they were.” 
Johnson spoke “I have men staking out Douglas’s house here in Port Monaco in case he should try to come by there.” 
Grandfather asked “Is the house the same one that he used to live in or a different one?”
Sam heard Johnson speak “No the house Douglas used to live in was sold to one of the Ioniels, the owner’s Raya Ioniel, which is also being watched discreetly.” 
Grandfather nodded as the front door banged open and Raya came in the room. 
She put her hands on her hips and spoke with annoyance “Why is there an odd car in front of my house?”
Grandfather answered “I assume you know the former owner of the house?”
Raya gasped “You mean that his son’s out of the hospital?”
“Escaped is more like it” said Johnson.
Raya asked “Escaped?”
Her eyes widened as Sam told her the whole story with Grandfather’s approval. 
Raya muttered in Romanian and then said in English “You think the Hunter plans to come here?”
Grandfather nodded his head. 
Raya added “Hence the car in front of my house?”
Johnson nodded his head in agreement.
Raya harrumphed then walked towards the kitchen double doors, which fell open to reveal Michael and Tina falling towards the floor.  
Raya exclaimed “Michael! Tina! It’s not nice to eavesdrop!”
Michael and Tina sheepishly walked into the kitchen with a glaring Raya behind them.
Johnson spoke “Suppose she tells her wolf friends this?”
Sam heard the disgust in Johnson’s voice as Grandfather spoke “It doesn’t matter. This information on Coyote will get out eventually.”
Sam stared at Johnson with a glaring look on his face. 
Grandfather spoke again “Sam, go in the kitchen will you?”
Sam sighed and walked to the kitchen and entered it. 

In the kitchen Michael and Tina who were sitting at the table stared at him as he came in. 
Sam spoke “Just news on my Father.”
He sat down and watched Raya cook breakfast. 
Sam sensed Michael and Tina still staring at him added “Raya do I have to tell them?”
Raya spoke with her back to the Trio facing the stove “Judging by the way they were hanging onto the door it seems that they heard everything.”
Michael spoke “I heard about your Father escaping from a facility and acting wildly.” 
Raya spoke “Not wildly, but revengeful.” 
Tina asked “What are you talking about Raya? What do you mean revengeful?”
Raya continued “Coyote Wilson tried to defeat them by acting like a Human. You heard that they led him to a trap which put him in a coma on and off. His wild behavior suggests that he’s thinking like them.”
Sam groaned out “What about attacking his Father, my Grandfather?”
Raya frowned and answered “That’s interesting, considering that by attacking him, he put his Father into a hospital out of their hands. Believe me, they don’t like hospitals.”
Michael frowned and spoke “That’s weird, what’s with the line of wolves outside, bordering the forest?”
He gestured as Tina and Sam looked out the window to see what Michael saw. 
The Trio heard Raya mutter in Romanian, and spoke in English “They only do that if their worried about something.” 
Sam asked as the wolves disappeared into the forest “They know about my Father?”
Michael answered “It must be what Brittany told us about Johnson.” 
Tina shushed them as Grandfather came in the kitchen with Johnson followed by a streaking Hocus with Nanook chasing him, who jumped onto the table. 
Grandfather spoke “Michael, Tina, please don’t eavesdrop again. I won’t tolerate this.” 
Then he added “Sam, your Father will be found and helped.”
Then he limped out of the kitchen with Johnson who put his hat on his head winking at Sam.
Sam groaned out “Oh fuck it” as he reached to pet a purring Hocus. 
Raya spoke “Watch your language, Sam. It’s not nice to use swear words.” 
Michael ordered “Nanook! Come sit here.” 
Nanook obeyed and sat next to Michael as he rubbed her sides while the dog eyed Hocus. 
Tina spoke “Oh well, when’s breakfast?”
Raya replied “Soon. Go make yourself useful and set the table.”

In the dining room, the Trio set the table in silence and they sat at the table glumly waiting for Raya to finish cooking. Michael felt Nanook nose her snout on his lap and plopped a hand on her head despite it on his leg.
Raya came out of the kitchen to the dining room and spoke to the trio “Breakfast is ready, please tell George and help me with the foods.” 
Sam spoke “I’ll get Grandfather.” 
Then he walked off towards the TV room as Michael and Tina entered the kitchen with Raya and grabbed the food. They came out to see Sam helping Grandfather, sit at the head of the table. The food was eaten in silence. 
Tina broke the silence by speaking “Where’s Jojo?”
Michael spoke sarcastically “Probably with Daniel I bet.” 
Raya answered “Yes, she’s with Daniel and will be here soon to work with the horses in the corral.” 
Tina spoke “Goody, I guess helping her will give me something to do then.” 
The cordless phone next to Grandfather on the table rang. 
With a harrumph, the gang looked at Grandfather answering the phone and spoke “Hello George Patricoly here.” 
The Trio and Raya noticed his eyes narrow and he spoke “Who is this?”
Then he abruptly hung up the phone with a glare on his face. 
He spoke “Some male told me to tell Sam that your Mother is fine.” 
He stared at Sam who spoke “Oh” while feeling Michael kick him in the shin from under the table. 
Sam added “Is the guy I met the yesterday wanting to talk to me.”
Grandfather spoke “Well, what your Mother does isn’t my business but tell the guy to not to call here again, understand?”
Sam nodded and the gang continued eating in silence. Once again the phone rang and Grandfather reached to answer it. 
They watched as his face narrowed in a scowl as he spoke “How many times must I tell you to not call me on this number? Harrumph. The phone’s for you, Sam.”
He passed the phone to Michael who gave it to Sam. 
Sam spoke “Who is this?”
He heard Longbow’s familiar voice on the line speaking “Hello Sam, its Longbow. I thought I’ll let you know that your Mother is doing fine.” 
Sam spoke “Put my Mother on the phone.”
Longbow laughed and spoke “Fine.” 
Sam sighed as he heard his Mother’s gasping voice on the line speaking “Hello Sam, How are you?”
Sam replied “I’m doing fine” as he cut himself off when he saw Grandfather shakes his head while glaring a warning look at him. 
Sam continued “You ok? You sound like you’re gasping.” 
Longbow’s voice came back on the line speaking “Your Mother’s my mate, remember that.” Then the line went dead as Longbow hung up. 
Sam handed the phone back to Michael who handed it to Grandfather who spoke “What did he say?”
Sam felt Michael kick him in the shin and Sam spoke “Just a friend was letting me know that Mother is doing fine.” 
Grandfather spoke “Hmm was it him?”
Sam replied “Yes it was him.” 
The food was eaten in silence. 

Chapter thirty one

Sam wandered outside the back of the house holding onto Nanook’s leash. He felt a feeling of being watched but shook off the feeling. Nanook pulled him through the forests towards the barn. Sam heard humming from the barn. He came out to see Jojo pushing a wheelbarrow full of horse feed came out with a shovel on top of it. 
She stopped humming when she saw Sam and spoke “Good morning, Sam, what brings you out here?”
Sam asked her “What do you know of some guy named Longbow?”
Jojo instead of answering pushed the wheel barrow towards the grassy gated corral and with a shovel put some of the horse feed into a trough as Sam walked towards the fence and stood watching her shovel the horse feed into the trough. Sam heard Nanook growling and looked to see Daniel came walking towards them with a scowl on his face. 
Sam called out “What do you know of some guy named Longbow?”
He noticed a pained expression came onto Daniel’s face and stood staring at Daniel. 
Jojo from her shoveling answered “Mother told me that Sam knows that the Pack Leader is Longbow.” 
Daniel frowned and spoke “Some guy who defeated our former Pack Leader in some battle.” 
Sam spoke “Uh, Longbow has my Mother as-“
Daniel interrupted “As his mate, yeah I know about that.” 
Sam frowned and asked “What’s the point of having my Mother as his mate anyway?”
“Perhaps he likes her” said Jojo.
Sam remarked “Yeah right” as Nanook gave out a series of barks which Sam gripped her leash tighter and the three looked to see a wolf came from the forests and changed form to Lone Eagle. 
Lone Eagle stood with a frown on his face and spoke noticing Sam’s questioningly look “My case was dropped.”
Then he looked at Jojo and Daniel and added “I couldn’t help over hearing the conversation about Longbow.”
Sam spoke “I’m out of here” but was stopped by Lone Eagle saying “Don’t, I want you to hear this.”
“Longbow” Lone Eagle continued “Is from out of the Native American reservation near Wolfville.”
Jojo spoke “He’ll know that you told us.” 
Lone Eagle sighed out “I know but I feel like Sam should know of this.” 
At that moment they heard a wolf howl followed by wolves howling, Sam noticed pained expressions came onto the faces of Jojo, Daniel and Lone Eagle. 
Sam asked “What’s going on?”
Lone Eagle replied “Sam, please get inside. It’s not safe out now.” 
Nanook at the moment barked and a wolf came from the bushes and sat staring at the four. Sam watched as Lone Eagle, Jojo and Daniel changed forms to wolves that ran away with the lone wolf. 
Sam frowned and thought “Something’s going on” then he pulled Nanook towards the house and went inside.

At Brittany’s cabin, Longbow stood, holding the phone, with a scowl on his face. He saw Brittany sitting on the couch wearing her former Pack Leader uniform, minus the ski mask and hood, watching him. 
Longbow spoke in foreign language “The Hunter has escaped.”
Then he hung up the phone and went outside the cabin with Brittany following him with her ponytail head bowed. Longbow brought his hands together to his mouth and howled a call which was answered with several calls of the wolves. The two walked towards a clearing and stood waiting as wolves of all sizes and with colors of white, grey and black came from all directions surrounding the duo. 
Longbow spoke loudly in wolf language “Silence!”
The wolves abruptly sat down on their haunches facing Longbow who spoke again in wolf language “You all heard of what happened. The Hunter has escaped to hunt again.”
Brittany groaned thinking “Coyote.” 
Longbow continued “This time the Hunter according to reports is thinking like one of us” as he heard Brittany stifle a gasp. 
Longbow spoke gesturing to Brittany “This is Brittany Morgan, the mother of the Hunter’s son. The son” he continued despite grumbling among the wolves “is a teenage boy, who cannot harm us. Yet the boy will be watched.” 
One of the wolves changed form which Brittany recognized to be Lone Eagle stood up and spoke “The teenage boy maybe a clue to defeating the Hunter.” 
The other wolves nodded their heads in agreement which Longbow spoke “Several Humans are aware of the boy’s heritage and are watching him as we speak. It is believed that the Humans have the technology to do their watching and they are aware of us. These Humans have been responsible for keeping the Hunter alive.” 
He paused to let the wolves take stock of his words then continued “This time we’ll take down the Hunter should he attempts to harm us. Are you with me?”
He looked around the sea of wolf faces who growled their agreements then he added “Go.” 
Then the wolves disappeared into the bushes as Lone Eagle stood watching the two. 
Longbow demanded “Something you want to say, Lone Eagle?”
Lone Eagle answered “I have reason to believe that the Hunter would seek Brittany and bring harm to her.” 
Longbow spoke “Yes I’m aware of this.”
Lone Eagle spoke again with arms folded “The Hunter may think that killing Brittany would end us-“ 
Longbow interrupted “But it won’t would it?”
Brittany spoke “It won’t. The Hunter was put here just to kill off renegades who harm people without the curse passing onto them.” 
Lone Eagle scowled and spoke “Yes I know but I’m worried about your son. What will the Hunter do if he finds out about Sam?”
Brittany spoke with anger in her voice “Coyote knows about his son because it was he who ordered him adopted in the first place after he put me in an asylum while pregnant.” 
Longbow remarked “Ah, interesting.” 
Brittany echoed questioningly “Ah interesting?”
Longbow stood facing her and spoke “Getting you pregnant in the first place just to assure of his longevity, Hmm?”
Brittany spat at him and Longbow leaned his head towards her ear and spoke “Do you think I’m stupid? It took a man and a woman willing to create a baby who shouldn’t come to exist.” 
Brittany saw Lone Eagle roll his eyes and walked away into the forest beyond him as she raised her right hand and swung at Longbow who easily caught it in his right hand. 
Longbow snarled questioningly “You would hit your Pack Leader?”
Brittany’s lip curled in a snarl while speaking “If you threatened Sam harm.” 
Longbow spoke still snarling “Oh believe me I wouldn’t but the time comes when I will.” 
Then laughing he changed his form to a wolf that ran into the forest leaving Brittany standing there with a frown on her face with hands on her hips. Brittany sighed and walked away into the forest. She walked through the bushes to the house and was walking towards it through a clearing, when a wolf came and blocked her way growling. 
Recognizing the wolf, Brittany grumbled out “Longbow, I hate it when you do that.”
Longbow in wolf form advanced towards her still growling while snapping his jaws. Brittany harrumphed and walked around the wolf, when Longbow changed form and stood in his human form glaring at her, blocking her way. 
Brittany exclaimed “What do you want? You can’t keep me from seeing my son!” 
He folded his arms and spoke firmly “Are you challenging me?”
Brittany charged at him who he grabbed her arms, spinning her around and pushed her to a kneel position with her back to him while holding her arms at a painful angle behind her. 
Brittany growled struggling to free herself as Longbow continued snarling “Your years as Pack Leader has made you soft, Brittany.” 
Brittany spat at the ground and spoke “I’m not letting you harm my son” as she looked over her shoulder at Longbow stood towering over her knelt form. 
Longbow lowered his head till he was level with her left ear and whispered in her ear “You love Coyote don’t you?”
This brought Brittany to snarl out “So what? You’re not harming my son.”
She heard laughter from Longbow who spoke “Believe me, that’s the last thing I would do to your son.” 
Brittany suddenly felt herself let go and she fell forward towards the grassy ground. Straightening her arms she turned to scowl at Longbow who stood over her with arms folded. Brittany rolled around and brought her legs towards Longbow’s legs but only met air. Brittany sat up and felt Longbow grab her hair and painfully pulled her towards him from behind her. 
She heard Longbow whisper in her ear “You’ll learn to respect me like the others have.” 
Then he changed his form to a wolf who sat staring at her as Brittany rubbed her head. She got up and walked towards the house but was blocked by Longbow in his wolf form. She changed her form to Ghost who snapped at Longbow’s wolf form. Longbow in wolf form snapped back and gestured with his head towards the forest. Ghost growled and stalked into the forest with Longbow following her in wolf form. 

Chapter thirty two

Entering the house Sam saw Grandfather watching TV who snapped it off with a remote. Grandfather spoke “Sam, I don’t want you talking about your Father to anyone without my ok.”
Sam nodded and freed Nanook from the leash. He went to the sun room as the TV behind him snapped on. In the sun room he stood watching as Michael came out of the forest in his Human form. Sam opened the door and let Michael come inside. Michael, Sam noticed had the same pained look as Jojo, Daniel and Lone Eagle.
Sam asked “How’s Tina?”
Tina came in from the kitchen answered “I’m doing fine, why?”
Sam sighed and walked into the kitchen followed by Michael and Tina. 
In the kitchen he told them “I saw Lone Eagle, Jojo and Daniel had a pained look on their faces like Mike did.” 
Michael replied “Something bad happened” while noticing Sam’s narrowed gaze added “like a death in the family.” 
Tina spoke “Oh I see.” 
Sam sarcastically spoke “Yeah right.” 
Michael sighed and spoke “I can’t say because Pack Leader won’t let me.” 
Sam grumbled out “Pack Leader is Longbow.” 
He noticed Michael stare at him with a weird look added “Longbow revealed himself to me the other day. He warned me that I’ll be watched and told me not to touch guns.”
Tina asked changing the subject “Hey Mike, how does it feel to change? I keep asking Jojo but she keeps clamming up and won’t tell me.” 
Michael answered “I think she doesn’t know how to explain it like I can’t either.” 
Tina stared at him as Sam asked “Can’t, how come?”
Michael sighed as an image of a charging grey wolf came to his minds eye, as he sat down and spoke “It’s impossible to explain the change.” 
Sam sat down next to Michael; spoke “Tina, when you change you’ll be able to know what Mike is talking about.” 
Tina sat next to the boys and spoke “I asked Jojo how old was she when she changed but she won’t tell me, harrumph. I can’t wait for my change to happen. This would be better than getting my period.” 
Both boys groaned out “Tina!”
Michael put his hands on his head and grumbled out “Women’s stuff, don’t need to hear that.”
Tina frowned and was about to talk when Raya came into the kitchen with a sad look on her face. 
Sam asked Raya “What’s wrong?”
She spoke noticing Michael look at her with his eyes golden spoke “Just some bad news that’s all.” 
Michael’s eyes turned back to normal as he asked “You mean like a death in the family?”
Raya replied sighing out “Yes, sort of like that.” 
Tina complained “Mike and Jojo won’t tell me what’s it’s like to change.” 
Michael glared at his sister as Raya answered Tina’s complaint “Believe me, it’s best for you to know for yourself." 
Humming in Romanian she walked to the dishwasher and started pulling out items. 
Tina spoke “Raya I’ll help you then.” 
She got up and went to help Raya put away the dishes in the cupboards as the boys sat at the table watching them. 
Raya spoke “Boys, are you going to sit there watching us, girls?”
Sam and Michael spoke unison “No” and then they both left the kitchen together. 

In the TV room Sam saw Grandfather watching TV with an intense look on his face like he didn’t want to be disturbed wandered the couch to sit. Hocus came and sat on his lap purring away. Sam gave the cat some rubs while Michael went to the TV and saw what Grandfather was watching. He made a face and joined Sam at the couch. 
Sam looked at him as Michael absent mind rubbed his head spoke “Motorbike races on TV, ugh.” 
They sat listening to the TV watching Grandfather watch the TV when a male voice boomed from the TV speaking “This is your local Connecticut news affiliate, reporting a security car from the Wolfville Asylum was found abandoned with a victim of a physical attack. The victim is a young male in his twenties found with no identification or clothes on him. If anyone recognizes him please call the number on the screen.” 
Sam felt Hocus move off, got up to look at the TV. He saw a male wearing a suit standing in front of a truck like vehicle with the words “Wolfville” on it. 
The male spoke “The local Wolfville hospital needs your help identifying a victim.” 
Sam stared as the screen flashed showing a male with brown hair with brown skin and eyes closed apparently lying on a hospital bed with monitors beeping. 
Then the TV flashed toward the newsman who spoke again “The victim, a male, was found inside the truck behind me apparently in the buff. The local Wolfville police are combing the area for clues. The local hospital has already sent for a DNA test but it’ll take awhile for them to identify who the victim is, who’s in a coma. To anyone who recognizes the victim, please call the number on the screen.”
The TV flashed some numbers then flashed back to motorbike racing. 
Sam went to sit down on the couch next to Michael who spoke “Don’t want to be in that guy’s shoes.” 
The TV flicked off and the boys looked at a glaring Grandfather who ordered “Michael, go to the kitchen.” 
Michael groaned out “Oh well” and walked to the kitchen. 
Grandfather and Sam heard the doors slam closed. 
Sam stood up and walked to stand besides Grandfather who whispered “I received a phone call earlier while you were out, from Johnson telling me that your Father’s fingerprints were all over the security car.”
Sam frowned and whispered “You mean my Father attacked that man?”
Grandfather nodded and whispered “I’m sorry but yes.” 
Sam’s face fell as he whispered “Then why would Father take the victim’s car and clothes?”
Grandfather whispered telling Sam “To gather information and to blend in, like a Hunter would when learning about his new world.” 
Sam groaned out in a whisper “What else do you know of my Father?”
Grandfather whispered “Not much, just information that’ll come when it comes.” 
Saying this Grandfather flicked on the TV with a remote and once again Sam saw the intense look on his face went to the couch to sit down. Hocus came by and rubbed his head against Sam’s leg, who bent down to rub the cat’s head. Sam heard a content meow from Hocus and sighed as he sat staring at the fireplace.
He heard Raya come into the room clearing her throat. 
Grandfather turned off the TV as he and Sam looked at her who spoke “Lunch is ready. Sam, please go help George, to the dining room.” 
She turned and entered the kitchen as Sam got up and went to help Grandfather out of the chair that leaned onto him towards the dining room. In the dining room, Sam helped Grandfather sit at the head of the table. The group ate in silence which was shattered by the shrill ringing of the cordless phone next to Grandfather on the table. 
Grandfather answered the phone speaking “Hello, George Patricoly speaking.”
The others continued eating while eavesdropping on Grandfather’s one sided conversation.
“Hmm,” said Grandfather “Yes I know I’m aware of that.” 
He paused and continued “Thank you for informing me.” 
Then he disconnected the phone as Raya asked him “Was that news on Sam’s Father?” 
Grandfather bristled out “Just some sources, seeking information.” 
Raya narrowed her eyes and spoke “Sources?”
Grandfather spoke “Since when are you nosy, Raya?”
Raya answered sputtering in Romanian which Grandfather replied “In English, Raya. I’m not fluent in Romanian and you know that.” 
Raya spoke “I heard the news of a victim needing identification from the loudness of your TV, George.” 
Grandfather spoke “I can’t help it that I’m old, your hearing is one of the things that goes when you get older, kids.” 
Michael, Tina and Sam at that remark groaned together. 
Raya angrily spoke “When are you going to tell them that you discovered my DNA matches them?”
Michael, Tina and Sam gasped out together “What?”
Grandfather replied “Your DNA makes you a relative of Michael and Tina, but I still haven’t proven that your Timothy Jones’ mother.” 
Michael groaned out “Aw man, I took a liking to Jojo.” 
Grandfather spoke to that remark “Yes, you and Jojo are relatives but remains to be determined of whether your cousins or not.” 
Raya spoke “I can assure you that I’m not Timothy Jones’ mother but Georgina is my daughter.” 
Grandfather glared at her, as Raya glared back. 
Tina broke the stand off by saying “How come we have to be the last to hear of this?”
Raya snapped temper rising “You’re not the last to hear of this. There are others who have brought charges against me and my family.” 
She continued before Grandfather could speak “Charges of causing the ability to change into a wolf, charges of witchery, and other charges too. You name it, my family has suffered that.” 
Grandfather spoke in a calm voice “I’m just wondering why.” 
Raya spoke “Because we believe in an old Earthly like religion called Wicca where the Goddess runs supreme and that we were Gypsies from Romania who were treated inappropriately which we came over to the USA for better treatment.” 
“Oh my” said Grandfather who added “I’m sorry I should have asked my sources about this sometime.” 
Raya harrumphed and then grabbed her plate empty of food and stomped into the kitchen. The double doors slammed banging in and out.
Grandfather got up and limped towards the TV room and the trio heard the loudness of the TV go on. 
Sam rubbed his head and muttered out loud “Jeez that went well” then he got up and grabbed his empty plate and walked into the kitchen. 
Michael gestured to Tina and whispered “Raya’s one of us, so ask her.” 
Tina nodded her head to get Michael’s meaning and grabbed her plate empty plate and went into the kitchen with Michael following her and Nanook behind him. 

In the kitchen the trio stood watching Raya open and slams the cupboard doors banging them out of anger. 
Raya pulled open the dishwasher and spoke facing the trio “Put your dishes in here before I’m tempted to break them over George’s head.” 
The trio obeyed then them watching Raya stomp out of the kitchen and followed her outside the front door. Outside the Trio sat in different rocking chairs as Raya walked down the driveway muttering in her Romanian chanting to herself. Soon Raya disappeared out of sight as the trio sat in silence. 
Tina broke the silence by speaking “Well I’m going to the horse corral to find Jojo. I might as well help her with the horses.” 
She got up and walked the direction towards the horse corral. 
Sam turned to Michael who stretched speaking “I need a change of scenery. I might as well go help Tina with Jojo.” 
Then he got up from the porch and jogged off towards the direction where Tina went. 
Sam grumbled out “Where does that leave me?”
He went inside to see Nanook holding her leash in her mouth. She whined to Sam who took the leash and clipped on her collar. Sam opened the door, grabbed a plastic bag as Nanook joyfully bounded out. They proceeded to walk down the lane towards the end of the driveway where the Sam saw once again the yellow police tape lines outlining Claire’s accident site. 
Sam sighed as he let Nanook sniff around the scene then he saw her squat and groaned out “Nanook.” 
He stood waiting as Nanook did her business, which he picked up with the plastic bag and threw the bag with contents, in the large garbage bin, sitting next to the entrance of the driveway.  Sighing Sam pulled Nanook into the forests towards the barn, reaching a clearing Nanook barked as a grey wolf came slinking from the bushes. 
The wolf changed form to reveal Lone Eagle who spoke “Greetings, Sam.” 
Sam returned the greeting sarcastically “Greetings, Lone Eagle.” 
Lone Eagle asked “Over the years as you grew up, you ever feel like being watched from time to time?”
Sam gasped out “How did you know that?”
Lone Eagle replied lowering his voice which Sam strained to hear “Just to tell you, there are Humans aware of us and you who are watching with any means.” 
Sam frowned and was about to speak when Nanook barked again as the bushes rumbled showing Ghost and a grey wolf. Sam gaped at Ghost who changed form to show his Mother standing there as the grey wolf changed form to reveal Longbow. 
Longbow spoke “What nonsense are you telling Sam, Lone Eagle?”
Lone Eagle bowed to Longbow and spoke “Just the truth.” 
Longbow scowled at Lone Eagle who changed into a wolf that slinked away with tail between the legs. 
Longbow spoke “Whatever Lone Eagle told you are nonsense.” 
Sam noticed his Mother roll her eyes at that remark but spoke “What happened to my Father really? Grandfather says-“
Longbow cut him off by speaking harshly “Don’t ask about your Father in my presence again.” 
Brittany spoke staring at Sam “He deserves to know before someone else tells him.”
Longbow growled out “Fine, your Father hunted us with terror, killing most of us.”
Sam spoke “Grandfather says you got him in some kind of a trap.” 
Brittany explained “The trap was corralling him like a horse with a wounded me as bait into a cave. He believed that killing me would end us.” 
Longbow chimed in “He’s wrong, dead wrong.” 
Brittany added ignoring Longbow’s remark, “Well, Humans can’t see in the dark as we can so it was easy to” while noticing Sam’s frown she added “to disable him and he was put into a coma from our ambush.” 
Sam asked “What happened next?”
Brittany answered “He was brought to a truck and abandoned on some back road.”
Sam spoke “Like what happened to that guy on the news.” 
He noticed the surprised look on his Mother’s face continued “The news said a man was attacked and left in a security car to some asylum on some back road in Wolfville.” 
Longbow growled out “It’s the work of the Hunter, reminding us of his existence.” 
Brittany asked “The man on the news, did he not have any clothes or identification on him?”
Sam replied, with eyes narrowing as Nanook whined, “No clothes or identification on him like the news said, happened to my Father didn’t it?” 
Brittany nodded her head and added “Yes. It took his Father, your Grandfather, three years to find him in an asylum and identify him.” 
Sam frowned speaking “Have you been keeping news on my Father?”
Brittany replied to the question “I’ve tried but the Humans, who are aware of us, have been moving him from place to place just to keep him alive.” 
They heard a wolf howl followed by several wolves howl. Sam noticed Longbow narrow his eyes as Brittany sighed. 
Sam asked “What’s going on?”
Longbow spoke “Look up in the sky; it’s going to rain soon, so get inside.” 
Sam looked up to see the dark clouds of the rain come and he looked to see Longbow with Brittany walk into the bushes in their wolf forms. Walking towards the horse corral, he met Michael and Tina walking towards the house. 
Sam told the two “It’s going to rain.”
Michael nodded as Tina looked worried spoke “Weird weather.” 
The rain fell as the trio reached the house with a loud boom of thunder and lightening. Sam had to restrain Nanook who barked wildly as they went to the porch. 
At the porch, Sam spoke “I wonder what really happened to my Father?”
Michael spoke “Scuttlebutt is your Mom got him in a cave and they knocked him out.”
Noticing Sam’s surprised expression on his face, Michael continued “Lone Eagle told me what happened to your Father.” 
Thunder and Lightening boomed again Sam wondered out loud “I wonder where’s my Father went to?”

Chapter thirty three

As the rain fell, a man sat in a car driving through the rain with forests on the side of the roads. He passed by a police car sitting at the side of the road. The police car turned on its sirens and lights and followed the car till the man stopped the car. The police car shined a large light onto the man’s car. In the car the man’s lips curled in a snarl, as his eyes narrowed in a glare as a memory came. In the memory, he was in a dark forest with a gun long as his arm complete with a flashlight taped to it shining the way of where he was going in the darkness. He swept the forest looking for something. He smiled when he saw blood laying on the ground which he followed the trail towards a cave entrance. Reaching the cave entrance he slipped inside. Inside he followed the trail of blood till he saw a white wolf with blood out of its sides and raised the gun to fire. The man groaned remembering what happened next as figures in black came and jumped on his back pushing him down to the ground. The man sighed remembering the fists hitting him that knocked him out. With a snarl the man touched the gun at his right side and was pulling it when he noticed something shiny besides the folded object with words on it, which he stole from the security car. He saw the shiny thing which he recognized to be a police badge. The man growled and pushed the gun back in its holster and picked up the badge as he stared at the road in front of him. The man unlocked the door and waited as he peered through the rearview mirror, he saw a figure leave the police car and waited as the figure came to the window and knocked. 
The man opened the window a crack and waited as the cop spoke with impatience “Your drivers’ license and car vehicle license please.” 
The man rolled the window down some more as the cop shifted in the pouring rain and showed him the badge. 
The cop groaned out seeing the badge “I’m sorry sir, but you were speeding in the rain. I have to give you a ticket anyway.” 
The man pulled the badge away and made a motion of reaching for the dashboard when he pushed on the car door opening it. The car door slammed hard into the cop who fell backwards towards the ground. The man pulled out the gun and aimed behind him at the light besides the car and it shattered putting them in the semi darkness. Then the man closed the door and drove the car away. 
“Soon” he thought, “I’ll find you” as he drove the car in the rain. 
As he drove away two large all black buses with large antennas on top of them, drove up. One stopped and figures ran out while the other bus drove to follow the man’s car. The man drove speeding as the rain stopped and the showed the setting sun in the sky above him. When it was nighttime with the stars out the man abruptly stopped the car seeing a wolf standing in the side of the road. Snarling he pulled out the gun and held it to him as the wolf, he saw, went to jump onto the car hood and sit. The man stared at the wolf that suddenly made a barking sound. The man blinked his eyes to see the wolf turn out to be a dog sitting on the warmth of the hood. The man was about to holster his gun when a vehicle pulled up behind the car. He saw it was a large traveler bus with a large antenna on top of it. The man glared at the dog and turned to watch as a figure got out of the bus and walked towards his car as he held the gun. He flinched as a flashlight shined onto him from the figure outside his car. The figure he saw through the bus headlights was male wearing jeans, sneakers, and a hooded red sweatshirt. The male put the flashlight under his arm, knocked on the window and had a folder in his left hand. The man put the gun away and rolled the window down a bit to let the male push in the folder. Then the man put on the car overhead lights and read the contents of the folder. He held up a headshot picture of a man and compared it to himself by looking in the rearview mirror. With a growling sneer the man opened the car door and stood next to the male who was shorter than him, he saw was in his early twenties. The dog at the moment got up from the car and ran into the forest. 
The male spoke “Come.” 
The man followed the male towards the bus and the door of the bus slid open leading to stairs, to the bus driver. The driver, who sat watching them enter, had red hair pulled back in a thick braid with beard and was wearing a tan uniform. The young male pulled apart some curtains behind the driver and entered with the man following him. Inside to the man’s surprise were on his left all kinds of electronic equipment with monitors on the wall. On his right were booths with maps on the walls with a large map of Connecticut there. In front paces away facing him were a door that led to the back of the bus. The man saw four people young as the male who stared at him with awe in their eyes. He saw two males dressed like the young male but with head pieces on their heads sitting in front of the monitors. The others he growled were females who were dressed like the young male. They were standing behind the two males. The young male cleared his throat and they stopped looking to look at the monitors at the walls. 
The young male spoke to the man “The name is Jack.” 
Then Jack introduced the group by speaking and pointing at each person “The driver’s Olav. This is Jennifer, Liam, Kent, and Kelly.” 
He paused as the man pushed the file towards Jack who took it. Jack went to a booth and pulled out a drawer under the booth and stuffed the file with the other files. Then Jack stood and watched as the man went to the booth and sat down with interest in the monitors. 
Jack spoke “We’re tracking you by satellite, Coyote.”
The man at the sound of the name Coyote jerked to stare at Jack who continued “You’re implanted with a homing device, for your safety.” 
Jack paused seeing the narrowed gaze of the man, Coyote’s eyes who stared at him with a feral look. 
Jennifer, who was standing, swung her long blonde hair out of her face to face Coyote spoke “We’re part of an organization that is aware of the skin walkers and is monitoring them, sometimes by satellite.” 
She paused when she heard a snarling like growl come from Coyote sitting at the booth. 
Jack sat down and reached a hand across the table and spoke “We are aware of what the skin walkers did to you.” 
Jack paused as Coyote stared at him with the same feral gleam in his eyes. 
He continued “Your son is being watched for his safety.” 
Coyote spoke his words for the first time snarling out “Where is he, my son?”
Jack sighed and spoke choosing his words carefully “In Port Monaco.” 
Coyote glared at him and spoke “With those skin walkers!”
Jack trying to calm Coyote said “They haven’t harmed him.” 
Coyote growled out “Yet.” 
Jack was about to speak when Olav from the drivers’ seat spoke out “You should tell him the truth about the skin walkers.”
Jack sighed again and told Coyote “Killing Brittany Morgan” as Coyote growled at the name, Jack continued speaking ignoring the growl “Won’t solve a thing to stop the skin walkers, but your son would be upset about that.” 
Coyote heard Jennifer speak “Your son is aware of his parentage, which is you and Brittany Morgan.” 
Coyote turned to glare at her which Jennifer turned around to face the monitors. 
Coyote demanded “Who told him this?”
Liam spoke from the monitors “His adoptive parents all three of them told him that.” 
Coyote asked with eyes narrowed “Three?”
Liam replied sighing “Yes three, at first were his adoptive parents Alex and Taylor Benson who told him of you, then George Patricoly who he resides with told him of his parentage.” 
Coyote growled as Jack asked “You want something to eat?”
Coyote turned to look at Jack, who reached besides him and opened a small door of a box in the counter labeled “Hunter Food” which cold air hissed out. Coyote watched as Jack pulled out a box and got up towards a large box next to the maps. He watched as Jack pressed a switch and the box opened a large door sideways. 
“A Microwave” Coyote spoke out loud.
Jack replied “Yes.” 
He opened the box and put the tray into the microwave and pressed some dial switches. The microwave hummed cooking the food. Coyote sighed as he felt the feeling of hunger wash over him. He saw Jack watching him as the food cooked in the microwave. Coyote watched the microwave as he heard a ding sound and the humming stopped. Jack opened the microwave door and took the tray with food to place it in front of Coyote. Coyote stared at the food as Jack handed him some silverware and sat across from him. Coyote slowly ate the food as Jack sat watching him. 
Coyote felt his familiar strength returning as he ate and he watched as Jack spoke “There’s something we of this group would like you to do.”
He didn't comment a response only listened to Jack's words as he ate the food. 

Chapter thirty five

Michael and Sam sat on the porch with Grandfather behind them in the rocking chair. It was barely noon and the heat of the day was soon being felt. Nanook sat at Michael’s feet panting away. A car came in the driveway as the teens and Grandfather saw a man got out. The man they saw had on black pants, with a black t-shirt top despite the upcoming heat; the man didn’t appear to be sweating. He had two hand guns in identical holsters on his sides near his upper muscular arms and his long blonde sun colored hair was pulled back. 
“Creepy” said Michael when he saw the man look at them with narrowed blue eyes. 
Grandfather ordered, “Michael, take Nanook and leave.” 
Michael sighing got up and clipped on the leash on Nanook’s collar. They both went down the steps and walked towards the barn without a glance. The man reached the steps and stood in front of Sam looking at him with an interested look in his face. 
Sam heard Grandfather speak “Sam, meet your Father, Coyote Wilson.” 
Sam gasped as the man nodded indicating that he was Coyote Wilson himself. 

Michael walked towards the barn to meet Jojo at the corral shoveling horse feed from a wheelbarrow assisted by Brittany as Tina sat on the fence.
Michael spoke “Some creepy guy came and Grandfather told me to leave.” 
Brittany stopped shoveling to speak “What did this guy look like?”
Michael answered giving the guy’s description which made Brittany gasp out “What!”
She dropped the shovel and darted towards the house through the bushes as Jojo changed form to a grey wolf that howled as Tina jumped down from the fence.
Michael heard the howling message say “Hunter’s here! Repeat, Hunter’s here!”

Brittany stomped towards the house, went around a tree, and was met by Longbow who blocked her way. 
She angrily spoke “Get out of my way.” 
Longbow asked “Are you challenging me?”
Brittany replied “The Father of my son is here and-“
Longbow interrupted “You’re not meeting him when you’re angry.” 
Brittany walked around him but Longbow grabbed her which made her angrier as her eyes turned golden and she growled out wolf language while changing her form, “Let me go, you fool.” 
Longbow still held her while changing his form too and spoke in wolf language “Your meeting with him will be on our terms, when you are calmer.”

Raya hummed to herself in the kitchen standing over a pot of spaghetti while in the kitchen. She heard the kitchen double doors slam, turned around and gasped as she saw the man standing with Grandfather and Sam. 
Grandfather spoke “This is my cook, Raya Ioniel.” 
Raya stood watching the man stare at her with a bit of a glaring look. 
Grandfather continued “Raya, this is Coyote Wilson, Sam’s Father.” 
Raya stiffened hearing the name and kept her composure and spoke “Hello, Mister Wilson.”
Coyote spoke eyes narrowing “Please call me Coyote.” 
Raya nodded and then turned towards the stove as Grandfather ordered, “See that there’s enough for our guest here.” 
Raya replied “Will do.” 
Without turning around to face Grandfather as she heard the kitchen doors open and close slamming with a bang. 
Raya turned to look at the window and could see a line of wolves standing outlining the forest line. Raya sighed and muttered a chant in Romanian then went back to cooking the spaghetti as Tina came in the kitchen with a confused look on her face. 
Tina asked Raya “Coyote Wilson? Did you meet him yet? He’s out there in the living room talking to Grandfather with Sam.” 
“Yes I’ve met him” Raya answered and continued “Apparently he’s staying for lunch.” 
Tina frowned and went to the kitchen table to sit down as Hocus jumped on the table. Tina reached a hand and the cat went to the hand and rubbed his full body on the hand. Tina sighed and then the double doors open to reveal Jojo coming in the kitchen with a frown on her face. She spoke in Romanian “Mother, there’s trouble out there. I’ve met the Hunter.” 
Raya still facing the stove spoke in English “What troubles is that and in English please?” 
Jojo replied in English with Tina watching her “Trouble is the Hunter’s here, and Pack Leader, Longbow, had to restrain an angry Brittany.”
Tina gasped out “Sam’s Mother mad?”
Raya spoke “Apparently she has some anger towards Coyote.” 
Jojo added “Longbow has claimed Brittany as his mate which won’t go well with Coyote.” 
Tina chimed in asking “Mate? “
Jojo spoke ignoring Tina’s comment “It appears from the way Longbow restrained Brittany that he has some sort of hold on her.”
Raya frowned and spoke “Well the spaghetti is ready, so please tell the men and Michael.” 
At that moment they heard Nanook barking as Michael came in the kitchen speaking “Raya when’s lunch? Plus did you meet Sam’s Father Coyote Wilson?”
Raya spoke “Yes I’ve met Coyote and he’s staying for lunch. The spaghetti is ready, so alert the others will you? Girls, help me load the food in the dining room please.” 
Michael groaned and left the kitchen with Nanook trailing behind him. 

In the dining room the group chewed their food in silence. Coyote sat facing Grandfather at the other end of the table with Sam sitting at his right on the bench. 
Grandfather between bites broke the silence by saying “So Sam?”
Raya, Jojo, Tina and Michael looked up from eating to see Grandfather looking at Sam who was staring at his food lost in thought while chewing away. Michael elbowed Sam in the sides and Sam looked up as Michael gestured to Grandfather. Sam gulped his food and took a drink from a cup set in front of him.
“Yes Grandfather, uh George?” Sam asked while noticing his Father’s narrowed gaze. 
Grandfather spoke “Sam, please still call me Grandfather.” 
As Grandfather noticed Coyote staring at him, Sam spoke “Ok if you say so. So Dad how long is you staying in town?”
Coyote noticing Sam watching him, finished chewing a bite of food, took a drink of water and cleared his throat then he spoke “That remains to be determined, Sam.”
The phone rang shrilling its ringing from the wall next to the kitchen double doors. 
Raya got up and went to the phone and handed the cordless to Grandfather who spoke “George Patricoly here.” 
Grandfather paused and spoke “Ah, Pack Leader I presume?”
Grandfather saw Coyote’s eyes narrow in a glare as the others stared at Grandfather with a range of emotions on their faces. 
He heard the voice of Pack Leader speaking “Hmph, your getting wise aren’t you? Anyhow put the Hunter on the phone.” 
Grandfather replied “There’s no one here by that name.” 
Pack Leader’s voice speaking again sounding a little annoyed “The Hunter has a name, and it’s Coyote Wilson. Put him on the phone.” 
Grandfather sighed and asked “If I don’t? What will you do?”
Pack Leader answered “Brittany Morgan, what do you think I’ll do to her? She was Pack Leader, from the top to the bottom now. Put the Hunter on the phone.”
Grandfather’s eyes narrowed and spoke to the group “It appears Pack Leader wants to speak to you, Coyote.”
He passed the phone to Michael who passed it to Sam and handed the phone to Coyote who took the phone speaking “Hello?”
Sam sat watching a range of emotions on his Father’s face and saw his eyes narrow. Then Coyote held the phone from his ear and held it up with a questioning look on his face as a sound of moaning came from the phone was heard by all.
Coyote asked “How do you disconnect this phone?”
Then Coyote heard a male voice speak from the phone “Don’t disconnect yet.” 
Coyote put the phone to his ear and snarled out “Longbow.” 
Sam gasped to Michael whispering “I’ve never told him, your Pack Leader’s name.” 
Michael widens his eyes in shock as they both sat listening on Coyote’s conversation on the phone.
Coyote spoke “I recognized that sniveling voice of yours. What game are you playing as Pack Leader?” 
Coyote noticing the others watching and listening to his talk spoke “There are others watching and listening.” 
He paused and pulled the phone from his ear and spoke “Longbow wants to talk to you, George.” 
He handed the phone to Sam who passed it to Michael and handed the cordless to Grandfather who put the phone on his ear. 
Grandfather spoke “What do you want now?”
He heard the voice of Pack Leader, Longbow speaking “I’ll be careful if I were you. You wouldn’t want anything bad to happen now would you?”
Grandfather opened his mouth to retort a remark when he heard the dial tone and then pulled the phone from his ear while speaking “He hung up.” 
Then Grandfather put the phone on the table and he picked up his fork and resumed eating. The group copied him in silence. 

Longbow scowled as he held the cell phone and put it in the pocket of his jeans as he stood outside Brittany’s cabin. He went inside and heard the shower running from the bathroom in one corner of the cabin. Longbow stood watching the closed door with a smirk on his face. He walked towards the door to the bathroom and heard the shower turned off. Then he leaned next to the bathroom door and waited as Brittany came out dressed in a blue bathrobe that bared her lower legs and with her black hair wet. 
Longbow spoke in foreign language “You look sexy.” 
Brittany startled, saw him, groaned then pulled the bathrobe closer together by tightly tying the sash and she went to the ladder leading to the loft. 
She heard Longbow speak again in the language “Are you challenging me?” 
Brittany replied in the foreign language, yawning not meeting his eyes “No, I need to sleep and be rested before you let me meet Coyote.” 
Longbow spoke “Coyote? Interesting use of first name considering around here, he’s known as the Hunter.” 
Brittany sighed and raised a foot on the first rung when she heard Longbow speak again “Are you challenging me?”
Brittany spoke angrily “What is your problem? You’ve been using me as your love slave since the moment you defeated me and took leadership.” 
Longbow repeated his question speaking firmly “Are you challenging me?” 
Brittany glared at him and grabbed the ladder and started climbing up when she felt Longbow’s hands on her legs and she kicked at him. Longbow blocked both kicks with his arms and pulled her off the ladder as she struggled yelling “Leave me alone! I’m not your love slave anymore!”
She swung her fists at Longbow who easily blocked the arms and he twisted her till she was pined between him and the ladder with both arms behind her. 
Brittany struggled while hearing Longbow calmly speaking in her left ear “Admit it. You love him.” 
She felt one of his hands snake towards the sash holding the bathrobe and snarled out angrily “That’s not going to solve a thing.” 
She heard Longbow laugh and said “Perhaps I shouldn’t let you see him.” 
Brittany groaned as she felt the sash come undone and sighed as she stared at the ceiling thinking “Oh Coyote help me” as the bathrobe came off from her. 

Chapter thirty four

Coyote Wilson walked in the forest towards Brittany’s cabin. He stiffened when he heard howls of wolves from the forest around him. Growling to himself he walked till he reached Brittany’s cabin. At the cabin he knocked on the door and stood sideways from the door with arms at his sides and his hands were fisted. The door opened showing Brittany who was dressed in a blue bathrobe, stood staring at him as Coyote stared back at her.  
“Help me” her brown eyes appeared to say as Coyote spoke “Brittany.” 
Then abruptly the door opened wider showing a man in his late thirties, stood besides Brittany with a scowl on his face.
Coyote snarled out speaking with recognition in his voice “Longbow.”
Longbow spoke something to Brittany’s ear in which Coyote heard was in foreign language and she groaned as she backed up and he stepped out closing the door. The men stood glaring at each other with Coyote towering over Longbow by a head. 
Coyote noticed the triumphant look in Longbow’s eyes broke the silence by saying “How’s your family and brother, Longbow?”
The triumphant look in Longbow’s eyes died as Longbow sneered out “Are you threatening me?”
Instead of answering Coyote simply walked away from him and Longbow called out “Don’t turn your back to me, Hunter. It isn’t wise.” 
Coyote stopped and turned and spoke “Perhaps you’re not smart enough to find a better choice in mates.”
Longbow charged at Coyote who easily grabbed his arms and knocked Longbow onto the ground. 
Longbow lay glaring up at Coyote who spoke “I over stayed my welcome.” 
Then Coyote walked away as the bushes around them rumbled showing snarling wolves coming out who snapped at Coyote’s feet as he walked by them. Longbow got up and dusted himself and went inside the cabin. 

Inside Brittany lay curled on the couch bed asleep. She felt someone sit on the bed and stroke her hair. 
“Coyote” she spoke out loud and opened her eyes to see a glaring Longbow sitting next to her on the couch. 
Sighing Brittany closed her eyes and went back to sleep when she heard Longbow speak in a foreign language “Are you challenging me?”  
Brittany groaned out with her eyes closed in the same language “No.”
She felt the sash of the bathrobe open and she thought “Please, have Coyote or someone help me get out of this situation.” 

Coyote walked through the forest passing bushes and trees when he felt something wrong. He reached for his gun in the holster in his left arm and felt it gone. He looked around and turned around to see a young man with spike perm hair with ripped jeans and a ripped blue T-shirt standing there a few footfalls away holding his gun and it was pointed at Coyote. 
Coyote growled and spoke “The gun isn’t loaded.” 
The young man stood still aiming the gun at Coyote who held out a hand and spoke again “Give me the gun please.” 
Coyote heard rustling in the bushes off his left and saw a man with long black hair with a touch of grey in it, wearing tan pants with beaded trim and an identical top with also beaded trim.  The older man noticing recognition in Coyote’s eyes as Coyote saw him spoke “Daniel, give the man his gun back.” 
Coyote looked at the young man, Daniel and heard the older man speak again “Daniel! I said give the man his gun back now.”
Daniel sighed and handed the gun back to Coyote who holstered it. Coyote watched as Daniel turned and ran into the forest. Lone Eagle stood watching Coyote who turned his head to stare at him. 
Lone Eagle spoke “The name is-“
Coyote interrupted him by saying “I know who you are, I recognized you.” 
Lone Eagle spoke “I go by the name Lone Eagle now.” 
At that moment they heard a wolf howl followed by several wolves howling. 
Coyote saw a pained expression come on Lone Eagle’s face and then Lone Eagle spoke with pain in his voice “It’s best for you to get indoors now.” 
Then he turned and walked further into the forest. Coyote turned and walked towards the house. 

At the house he met Michael coming out. They both stood and stared then Michael gave a sigh as he walked away into the forest with Coyote watching him, and then Coyote went in the house. In the house Nanook came bouncing up to him which Coyote reached a hand and gave her head a rub then Nanook went to sit by Grandfather who was sitting in an arm chair watching him. Grandfather flicked the remote and the TV went off.
Coyote noticed Sam sitting on the couch frowning who asked “You saw my Mother?”
Coyote replied “I did with that fool Longbow.” 
Sam grimace hearing the venom in his father’s voice, and Grandfather replied “From what Sam tells me, Longbow is using her as his mate.” 
He frowned as Coyote glared at him. 
Coyote spoke “He’s using her psychologically, torturing her.”
Grandfather added “She according to this Longbow on the phone was Pack Leader.” 
Coyote agreed speaking “He’s right, she was Pack Leader.” 
Sam gasped out “Mike said that that Pack Leader’s identity was hidden from him.”
Coyote spoke sounding a little annoyed “Appears that there’s some battle for power in the skin walker pack hence the hidden identity.”
Noticing Sam’s confused look, Coyote continued “There seems to be some psychological battle between two Pack Leaders. There are several skin walkers I’ve seen are supporting Brittany and others supporting this fool, Longbow.” 
Grandfather remarked “Hence Longbow using her for mating issues.” 
Coyote spoke “He won’t stop till she surrenders to him and those supporting her.” 
Sam asked “What will happen now?”
Instead of answering Coyote pulled the gun from his left holster and pulled out a long finger object from his pocket and put it in the gun. Sam grimaced as he heard the gun cocking noise and put the gun back in its holster. Then he watched as his father did the same with the other gun on his right side. Sam gulped out a groan and frowned as he saw Coyote look at him. 
Coyote asked “Longbow showed himself to you?”
Sam nodded and answered “He also told me not to touch guns.” 
Grandfather chimed in “I have some people who are watching the situation in case it gets violent.” 
Coyote spoke “Good.” 
Then he went to the edge of the living room bordering the sun room to look out the window. Coyote heard the TV flicked on, heard his son come to stand next to him and felt a hand on his right arm from Sam. Coyote looked at him.
“Dad” Sam said “Will you help Mother?”
Coyote looked away to look out the window and spoke “It remains to be seen.” 

Outside Michael walked into the forest and changed form to a wolf. He was met by two other wolves which he recognized to be Jojo and Daniel. The three wolves walked towards a clearing next to Brittany’s cabin where other wolves were sitting around on their haunches talking away in their wolf language. Michael heard smattering of conversations focusing on Brittany and Longbow. He sat facing the cabin door as Longbow came out slamming the door. The wolves abruptly went silent. 
Longbow had anger on his face spoke in wolf language “You saw what the Hunter did.” 
Michael felt confusion roll inside him as Longbow continued speaking “The Hunter threatened my family with harm with his words.” 
Michael sensed anger from some of the wolves but felt disgust at the moment as Longbow added “Family is important and I believe the Hunter must be taken care of and his offspring.” 
The door to the cabin opened and Brittany came out yelling “You promised that you’ll leave my son alone!”
Longbow turned to glare at her and spoke “Traitor.” 
Michael saw her stare at Longbow and then she raised her right hand and brought it across Longbow’s face slapped him. His head of long hair in a braid jerked to the side as she brought her hand away again from the slap. Longbow held a hand up as he sensed the other wolves growling. Michael saw some of the wolves were off their haunches and were baring their teeth apparently at Brittany in anger. 
Longbow asked “Tell me something woman, how it feels to be a traitor?” 
Brittany gasped at him and yelled “You used me, you bastard!”
Longbow answered “So what? Go inside or I’ll have you escorted.” 
Michael watched as Longbow gestured with his hand and two of the wolves changed forms to be men about Longbow’s age with tan skin, short black styled hair and identical outfits as Longbow was wearing, jeans, black sneakers and a crew neck blue T-shirt who advanced on Brittany who growled eyes flaring golden yellow color. She charged at Longbow who ducked in a leg split as the two men jumped over him and attacked Brittany. Brittany used her fists and legs to fight off the men but Michael noticed the men were stronger subdued her. 
They grabbed both of her arms as Michael heard Longbow say as they hauled a struggling Brittany inside the cabin “Watch her, see that she doesn’t escape and tie her up.” 
Michael sensed Jojo and Daniel backing away from himself along with the other wolves as Longbow came walking up to him. 
Longbow ordered “Change your form, Michael, now!”
The words felt like a command that Michael was compelled to obey which he changed his form to one of a Human and stood frowning staring at Longbow not meeting his brown eyes. 
Longbow stood a head taller than Michael who stared at him and spoke “You’re new aren’t you? Speak now Michael.” 
Michael sighed and responded still not meeting Longbow’s eyes “What do you want me to say?”
Longbow answered “Your loyalty to the Pack, Michael.” 
Michael gulped and stood frowning as Longbow grabbed Michael’s chin and raised his head up to face his face. Michael averted his eyes to look at Longbow’s ear. 
He heard Longbow speak “Be loyal and don’t tell the Hunter about what was said here after all family is important isn’t it?”
Michael groaned recognizing the threat in Longbow’s words as his chin was let go and Longbow spoke “Go.” 
Michael watched as two wolves came forward to change forms to Jojo and Daniel who took his arms and pulled him away from the clearing. Michael let himself be pulled away as he looked over his shoulder, he could hear Longbow talking to the others issuing orders.

Brittany lay growling on the couch bed feeling angry. Her arms were tied to the edges of the couch handles and so were her legs at the other ends. Around her neck was a choke collar as she could see the two men who brought her inside watching her from their positions in the living room. The choke collar Brittany discovered hampered with her changing her form from Human to wolf. Her eyes flared yellow gold as Longbow came inside the cabin. 
He spoke “Leave us. Guard the outside should she try to escape.” 
The two men obeyed and left the cabin closing the door behind them.
Brittany growled at Longbow who stood staring at her then he went to her and whispered in her left ear in foreign language “I’ll free you from the chains but you must submit to my authority if you want your son to live.”
Brittany spat at him and spoke in the same language “Just who do you think you are? Some bastard who wants-“
Longbow interrupted her by speaking “Wants isn’t important, but your submittal for my authority. There are others out there who see you as their Pack Leader and have been refusing to submit to me.”
Brittany didn’t know why but she laughed and felt Longbow put a hand on her neck. 
Her laughter died as he spoke “Perhaps I should squeeze the life out of you and be done with it.” 
Brittany snarled out “But you won’t will you?”
Longbow spoke “Your right, I won’t.” 
Then his hand went to settle on her breast which Brittany glared at him while struggling with her bonds spoke “Get off.” 
Longbow laughed a small laugh and spoke “Oh no, Brittany, I’m not done with you yet.” 
Brittany rolled her eyes sky way to stare at the cabin’s ceiling as she felt Longbow’s hands on her and knew what was coming next. Once he was done, she was crying as he left her free from her bonds in the cabin. 
Brittany heard him speak to the guards outside the cabin with the door open “See that she doesn’t escape.” 
Brittany got up from the couch to see the door close. 
“Coyote” she said “Help me.” 

Chapter thirty five

Michael numbly let Jojo and Daniel pull him through the forest to the house where they let his arms go. 
He walked towards the house and heard Daniel say from behind him “Remember what Pack Leader said, Michael. Family is important.” 
Michael turned to watch the duo walk towards the direction of the barn and disappear in around a tree still walking towards the area. Sighing he walked into the house to be met by Nanook with a leash in her mouth. He grabbed the leash and a plastic bag hanging off a hook next to the door while clicking the leash on Nanook’s collar. He walked outside to let Nanook pull the leash while wandering around the house. Michael sighed again as he saw Coyote came walking towards him from the direction of the driveway lane. 
Longbow’s words “Family is important” echoed in Michael’s mind as he was led by Nanook towards Coyote who stood watching him. 
Coyote growled out as Nanook stopped to sniff his shoes and Michael stared at him not meeting his eyes “Longbow got to you didn’t he by threatening you?”
Instead of answering Michael shrugged as Nanook went to a tree with him following behind her and the dog squatted there. 
Coyote followed the two and stood next to Michael and spoke again “Alright, I understand why you don’t want to talk to me. Its Longbow isn’t it?”
An image of a grey wolf came to Michael’s mind and its teeth were bared growling as the words “Family is important” echoed in his mind. 
Coyote spoke “Your silence says that Longbow got to you and has threatened you with some harm to your family.” 
At that comment Michael looked up and stared at Coyote’s eyes that were narrowed staring back at Michael’s eyes. Then they heard a sound of a wolf howling followed by other sounds of wolves howling. Michael sighed and picked up Nanook’s scat with the plastic bag and pulled the dog towards around the house to the lane with Coyote following behind the two. Still sighing Michael walked down the lane to the end of the driveway towards the dumpster. He threw the bag with contents into the dumpster and then pulled Nanook by leash behind him towards the house. 
Coyote spoke “Interesting, considering your Grandfather asked me to stay for a several days.” 
He heard Michael gasp as he pulled Nanook towards the house and unclipped the leash at the doorway. 
Coyote watched as Nanook obeyed Michael’s command of “Inside now.” 
Michael from the top of the stairs of the porch turned to face Coyote who stood at the bottom of the steps and asked “Just what do you want?”
Coyote spoke “What do I want? Many, many answers to questions but they’ll have to wait.” 
Michael groaned and walked down the steps walking around Coyote when his left arm was grabbed in a vise like grip. Michael looked at Coyote who was staring at him with a weird intense look on his face with his hand gripping his arm. 
“Let me go” Michael said as he heard a wolf howl followed by wolves howling. 
Coyote ordered “Tell Longbow I still haven’t forgotten here.” 
Coyote pointed to his chest at the right side. Michael stared at Coyote questioningly who let go of his arm and walked inside the house slamming the screen door. Michael walked down the steps towards the direction of the barn muttering to self when he came upon several wolves standing in a clearing in front of him. 
“None of my business” Michael said out loud and turned only to be blocked by several wolves that came out of the bushes that he was surrounded by wolves. One of them changed form to Human who Michael recognized to be Lone Eagle who stood staring at Michael. 
Michael demanded “What? I didn’t tell him anything.” 
Lone Eagle answered “Calm down Michael, but he did scare you?”
Michael replied “If you’re talking about the Hunter, no.” 
Lone Eagle spoke “I’m surprised because the Hunter usually scares new ones.” 
Michael frowned as Lone Eagle added “Your newness hasn’t taken time to factor in you being scared of the Hunter.” 
Michael stared and spoke “I’m not afraid of the Hunter.” 
Lone Eagle was about to speak when a new voice spoke “You will be.” 
Michael recognized the voice belonging to Longbow who stood behind a row of wolves. 
“Scatter” Longbow said as the wolves disappeared with Lone Eagle changing form and went away till Michael was alone with Longbow. Michael stared at the ground not meeting Longbow’s eyes or looking at him.
“Come with me” Longbow ordered Michael who followed him towards the horse corral where Longbow stopped at the bushes to watch through it, Jojo and Daniel with Tina stood watching the horses in the corral from standing in front of a fence. They appeared to be talking in hush tones. 
Longbow broke the silence by speaking facing Michael who was watching the Trio hush talk “What did the Hunter say to you?”
Michael relayed what Coyote told him and added “He told me to tell you that he hasn’t forgotten here.” 
Michael pointed to the right side of his chest and heard a growl from Longbow. Michael bravely with a questioning look on his face looked at Longbow whose eyes were golden color glaring at something behind him. 
Longbow’s eyes went back to normal and his eyes looked at Michael with a smile and said “Just something bad that happened years ago. Don’t worry about it.” 
Michael bravely spoke “This will come out will it?”
Longbow snarled “Well, pray it won’t come out.” 
Michael spoke “The Hunter might wind up telling anyway.”
Longbow reached out a hand grabbing Michael by the hair and pulled him towards him and whispered in his left ear “Just hope the Hunter keeps his mouth shut. If I were you, I’ll drop the matter and don’t bother asking the Hunter this.” 
Michael felt himself pushed down towards the ground and heard Longbow walking away.
Groaning Michael picked up and walked towards the horses’ corral where his sister stood talking with Daniel and Jojo. At the corral the three were surprised to see Michael come out of the bushes walking towards them.
Tina asked “Mike, you alright?”
Michael replied “I don’t know.” 
Daniel remarked “He had a conversation with Pack Leader.” 
Michael leaned against the fence and spoke to his sister’s questioning gaze “Don’t ask, Tina.”
Tina pouted and frowned as Michael settled himself against the fence. 
She asked “How come no one tells me anything around here?”
No one answered her question and they stood in silence. 

Longbow stood hidden in the bushes watching the four with his familiar scowl on his face. He heard a twig snap and spun around to face Lone Eagle standing behind him with both his hands up in the air. 
Longbow’s eyes narrowed and he glared at Lone Eagle who pleaded “Sorry about that.” 
Longbow snarled asking “If it wasn’t for your knee you would have challenged me would you?”
Lone Eagle again pleaded with his hands still up “No, old age.” 
Longbow fisted his hands at his sides, stalking towards Lone Eagle and stood in front of the man and said “Don’t pretend this act. You loyalty is to Brittany and not to me.” 
Lone Eagle replied looking at Longbow “So? My loyalty is to myself.” 
Longbow remarked sneering “Loyalty to self? Hah! It’s to Brittany. I’ve heard you acting like her right hand man, giving off her orders when she was Pack Leader.” 
Lone Eagle spoke “Actions must be proven for loyalty to be-“
Longbow interrupted waving a fisted hand at Lone Eagle by speaking “Actions have been proven, Luke Morgan.” 
Lone Eagle gasped out “My name is Lone Eagle and not-“
Longbow interrupted again saying “You’re Luke Morgan. I will prove it by the bum knee you had is the same as Luke Morgan’s.” 
Longbow stood watching as Lone Eagle stood staring at him with shock on his face and continued “Don’t you think I know, Luke Morgan? Pretty soon that wife of yours will show herself and I’ll do what I did to Brittany to her.” 
Lone Eagle growled as his eyes flared golden color. Longbow smiled of satisfaction and walked towards Lone Eagle and stood shoulder to shoulder. 
Lone Eagle heard him whisper “I know Ariana Nicholas, your wife, for she’ll show herself to fight for you and your sister.”
Lone Eagle felt anger and restrained himself with his hands still up in the air. 
Longbow stood staring at him then he smiled and spoke “You wouldn’t want anything to happen to your children do you?” 
He smiled flashing his teeth as he heard a growl from Lone Eagle and added “That’s why you’re here alone with Brittany. Ariana has the kids stashed safe out of dangerous hands, hmm?”
Longbow twisted out of the way of Lone Eagle’s attack with fists flying. Lone Eagle groaned feeling Longbow’s knee connected with his stomach. Lone Eagle felt himself thrown on the ground and kicked in the sides. 
Lone Eagle groaned from the ground again with Longbow stood over him speaking “Don’t bother fighting me. I have a black belt degree in martial arts and some military training. I know your moves like the back of my hand.” 
Lone Eagle lay moaning as he heard Longbow walking away. 
He thought to himself “Poor Longbow. He doesn’t understand.” 
He slowly picked himself up and limped away changing his form to a wolf. 

Chapter thirty six

The phone rang shrilling its call. Raya went to the phone from the bench in the dining room. The group stopped their eating dinner and looked at Raya. 
She spoke “It’s for you Coyote.”
She went to hand the cordless to Coyote who spoke “Coyote Wilson here.” 
He heard the voice of Longbow speak “The time has arrived. Come to the cabin alone and unarmed or I’ll see that Brittany dies and so will your son.” 
Coyote snarled out for the others in the room to hear him “You’re not hurting her or my son.”
Raya put her hands on her hips with annoyance as the Trio gasped and Grandfather narrowed his eyes. 
Coyote heard Longbow laugh and spoke “Do what I said, come alone, unarmed and be at Brittany’s cabin at this time.” 
Coyote’s face turned into a glare as he heard Longbow rattle off a time then he took the phone and toss it to Raya who demanded “What did Pack Leader want?”
Coyote replied “Something personal happened and I need to be there at a certain time.”
He abruptly got up from the table and threw his napkin while walking away. Sam got up and followed him towards Claire’s bedroom on the first floor. 
He spoke “Dad, what’s going on?”
Instead of answering, his father took off his guns and holsters and then proceeded to take the bullet case out of the guns. Then he went to the closet and opened it to reveal an open safe with a dial combination. 
Sam repeated his question pleading “Dad, what’s going on?”
Sighing Coyote replied “They threatened to kill your Mother and you.”
He heard Sam gasp and continued “I have something that I think Longbow wants which will bargain for your lives.”
Coyote opened the safe and put the guns in the safe with the bullet cases.
He shut the case and swung the dial and turned to face Sam who spoke “Be safe Dad.”
Coyote walked to his son and patted him on the shoulder then left the room with Sam following him. He walked through the living room and left through the sun room. Sam stood watching him leave the house and disappear into the forest. 

In the forest, Coyote reached Brittany’s cabin where Brittany stood restrained by two men. Longbow who stood next to them with a long knife and Brittany’s mouth was covered by the two men.
“I’m unarmed.” Said Coyote who stood staring at the four as Longbow gave out a howl and the bushes rumbled behind Coyote showing growling wolves. 
Longbow spoke “Kneel, Hunter.” 
Coyote growled and spoke “I came like you asked so let her go.” 
Longbow smiled a smirk and spoke “I see you’re in no position to give demands.”
Coyote kneeled and spoke “If you don’t mind, I’ll take off my shirt so you’ll have an easy time knifing me.” 
He pulled off his black shirt without waiting for Longbow to reply. Coyote saw Brittany’s eyes widen when she saw the necklace with the shiny pendant he was wearing around his neck and the scar mark on his chest on the right side. 
Longbow dropped the long knife and yelled out “You bastard! You had it all the time!” 
Brittany watched as Longbow’s eyes flared golden as he changed his form to a wolf and attacked Coyote. Coyote grabbed the wolf by the head with both hands and swung the wolf over his head. Then Longbow changed form back to Human and charged at Coyote who easily grabbed the male and threw him on his side. 
Longbow got up and felt his head grabbed and the long knife on his neck followed by Lone Eagle’s voice speaking “Do you yield? Keep the position as Pack Leader. Luke Morgan says so. The Hunter and his son lives period.” 
Longbow growled as Coyote got up taking the necklace with pendant off his neck. He handed it to Longbow who snatched it out of his hand. Lone Eagle let go of Longbow as the two men let go of Brittany. Brittany picked up Coyote’s discarded shirt. She handed the shirt to Coyote who put it back on. Together the two of them walked towards the house with several wolves moving out of the way. They heard Longbow howl some haunting cry from behind them. The sun disappeared behind the horizon as they reached the house’s back porch. The stars started coming out as Sam came running out with Nanook barking behind. He went to Brittany, grabbed her in a hug as he felt Coyote put a hand on his back while Brittany hugged her son. 

Coyote stood next to Brittany in front of the bedroom door and spoke “You take the bed, I’ll take the couch.” 
He heard Brittany sighed as she entered the bedroom while Coyote went to the living room couch. He lay down asleep then felt a prick of a knife side pointing at his neck. 
He heard Longbow’s familiar voice speaking “Well, the Hunter unarmed.” 
Coyote stared eyes squinting in the darken room. He heard a yell and felt the knife leave his neck followed by a crash of furniture breaking. Coyote got up from the couch and stood listening to the fighting. 
He heard Longbow speak “Ah Brittany. I’m not done with you yet.” 
Followed by a thud then the lights in the room flared on and Coyote saw Longbow with knife in hand gripping his head. Brittany on the floor reached out with her legs and swung them hitting Longbow in the legs and he fell to the floor with a thud. Brittany, Coyote saw, got up and started kicking Longbow with her feet yelling in a foreign language. Coyote grabbed Brittany, restraining her. To his shock she yielded with some shudders of pleasure sensed from her and running through him as he gripped her tight across his body. 
Longbow got up and Coyote ordered “Get out Longbow.” 
They heard a step into the room from Grandfather who saw them and spoke “Thomas, what are you doing here?”
Longbow turned and spoke “Leave it old man.” 
Coyote heard the sound of affection in Longbow’s voice towards Grandfather whose eyes widen with shock added “Thomas, why aren’t you home in Wolfville?” 
Longbow spoke “Just leave it old man.” 
He left them. They heard the front door open and close with a bang. Coyote looked around to see the Trio standing at the top of the stairs watching the situation. There was a light switch next to them on the wall. 
Grandfather spoke “Well, this will wait till morning.” 
He limped off to his room. 
Coyote spoke to the Trio “Go to bed kids.” 
He heard Sam speak “Do you want the lights on or off?’
Coyote responded “Off!”
He felt the lights flick off as he released Brittany who went to sit on the couch. Coyote sat next to her and put a hand on her back. He felt her shake from his touch. Coyote put his arms around her, pulling her towards him. He heard her moan a sigh as he lay on the couch with her wrapped in his arms. Brittany sighed, while lying on Coyote who stroked her hair.
“It’s been a long time hasn’t it?” He said. 
Brittany spoke “Yes it has been a long time.” 
Coyote sensed her fell asleep and closed his eyes with his arms around her.

Morning shined her rays of light through the windows of the living room; Coyote opened his eyes with a start. He felt fur in his left hand and looked to see a white wolf curled in a ball asleep on him and his right hand near the snout. He could feel the air coming in from the wolf breathing in and out on his right hand. Coyote stared at the white wolf, frowning with his left hand on the wolf. Sighing he rubbed the fur under his left hand and stared at the wolf who gave off some sound while shifting to curl tighter in a ball. Coyote heard Grandfather come limping in the room. 
Grandfather seeing the white wolf on Coyote whispered “It figures.” 
He went to sit down and waited. Coyote saw the white wolf open its eyes and the head swiveled to look at him while changing its form to reveal Brittany. Brittany stared at Coyote who stared back at her with a neutral expression in his face. 
Sighing Brittany rose but Coyote held her and whispered “I’m fine with you being what you are.” 
Brittany stared at Coyote then she leaned down and gave him a kiss on the cheek before getting up to face Grandfather who spoke “You’re Ghost.” 
Brittany responded “Yes.” 
Coyote got up from the couch to stand next to her. 
Grandfather loudly spoke “Kids, stop hiding from behind the corner and come down.”
Coyote looked to see the teens come down the stairs from the loft and they went to stand in at the bottom of the stairs staring at Grandfather with a whining Nanook.
“What?” Grandfather said to the Trio. 
Michael spoke “Who’s Thomas?” 
Grandfather replied “Ah, your Pack Leader, is Thomas. I recognized his voice the moment he spoke to me.” 
The front door banged open and closed as Raya came in the room followed by Hocus. 
Michael firmly ordered Nanook while noticing her eye the cat “Sit, Stay!”
Raya asked “What’s going on?”
Brittany answered for Grandfather “He recognized Pack Leader by this name of Thomas.” 
Raya gasped and pointed to a picture frame on the wall with a glare at Grandfather. The picture frame the Trio noticed showed a younger Claire standing over two younger boys. They were standing in front of a Christmas tree with forced smiles on their faces.
Sighing Grandfather explained “Thomas is my son and Claire’s younger brother by a different Mother.” 
The others except Raya and Coyote gasped as Grandfather continued “There’s a second son named Sean who’s the youngest also by a different Mother.” 
Coyote spoke “It explains how Longbow got your phone number.”
Grandfather was about to speak when the doorbell rang. 
He ordered “Somebody answer the door.” 
Michael went to the door and peered in the peephole. 
He yelled “It’s State Trooper Johnson!”
Grandfather spoke “Let him in.”
Michael let in State Trooper Johnson came in carrying a video tape. He frowned when he noticed Brittany but looked shocked to see Coyote standing there with arms folded. 
“The Hunter” He said out loud “Pleased to meet you, Coyote Wilson. I’m State Trooper Johnson.” 
Coyote nodded his head and kept his arms folded while staring at the State Trooper with a neutral expression on his face. 
Raya muttered out loud “I’ll get breakfast ready. Come on kids.” 
She gestured to the Trio to follow her and they followed her into the kitchen. 
Grandfather ordered “Brittany, please leave us.”
Brittany kept her face neutral while she went to the kitchen. The men heard the doors slam behind her. 
Grandfather asked “Any news Mister Johnson?”
State Trooper Johnson smirked and said “Caught a skin walker on your grounds last night. This tape shows the capture.” 
Grandfather gestured to the TV stand where the VCR sat. He flicked the TV on with a remote and the State Trooper put in the video. Coyote went to stand next to Grandfather to watch the tape as it flicked on. 

In the kitchen Brittany stood behind the doors looking through the door windows watching the three men watch the TV as Raya cooked. 
“Coyote looks angry” Brittany remarked “While your Grandfather looks upset.” 
Michael standing besides her asked “How do you know that? Coyote looks like he’s not showing any anger.” 
Tina and Sam looked at Brittany from their seats at the kitchen table who replied “Because of how Coyote is gripping his arms while their folded.”
They watched as the State Trooper took out the video and left the room. The front door banged open and closed as the State Trooper left the house. 
Coyote stood next to Grandfather and spoke with anger in his voice “So what do you plan to do about this?”
Grandfather spoke “Nothing, at the moment. I’ll have to wait and see what can be done.” 
Brittany came out of the kitchen with a concerned look on her face followed by the Trio.
Coyote seeing them walked to stand in front of Brittany spoke “They caught one of your people.” 
The Trio gasped as Brittany asked “Who is the fool?”
Coyote ran his hands down her arms and whispered something in her ear. 
Brittany folded her arms and said “It serves the jerk right!”
Coyote noticing the Trio told them “They caught Longbow.” 
Tina frowned and asked “Was Longbow that guy who Grandfather called Thomas last night?”
Michael answered “Yeah it was him, the Pack Leader.” 
Sam frowned and said “Well, what are we going to do about him?”
Grandfather spoke “Nothing, until the situation is checked out.” 

Chapter thirty seven

Longbow groggily shook his head as if trying to clear the haze from effects of the drug. He remembered leaving the house and changing his form to a wolf. He mused as he remembered walking in the forest till he reached a steak sitting in the middle of a rope attached to a tree. Growling, Longbow remembered that he changed to Human taking out his knife and cut the rope. Next thing he knew he felt a prickly pain in his back and realized that it was a dart. He recalled seeing figures in black jump from trees and hit him with the butt of their guns till he was unconscious. He saw that he was lying on a plastic cot with a grey blanket on it and when he got up Longbow saw that he was in a square grey room with brick walls on three sides. A small barred window stood high up in the wall with the sunlight shining through it.
Longbow thought to himself “I’m in jail again.”
His felt himself and discovered that he was wearing some kind of orange jumpsuit and his long hair was framing his face. He heard a sound of a throat clearing and looked to see a man wearing a State Trooper uniform standing behind the bars of the cell. 
Longbow looked to see a sign on the bars said “Danger, electricity.” 
He heard the humming of the electricity coursing through the metal bars. The State Trooper gestured with his hand and Longbow heard a squeaking sound as a TV set with a VCR on a rolling cart was rolled by another Officer who flashed golden eyes at Longbow unseen by the State Trooper. 
The State Trooper spoke “Officer Larsen, leave us.” 
Officer Larsen turned and left the State Trooper walking down the hallway. Longbow heard a door open and close with a slam. 
Longbow folded his arms and stared with a blank face at the State Trooper whose name plate read “Johnson.” 
The State Trooper spoke sneering “Well, well, what do we have here, a stinking fucking freak called a skin walker, hah.” 
Longbow stood with his arms folded still staring hiding his shock at the State Trooper who took a remote from the TV and pressed a button. Longbow watched as he saw the TV showed a night vision of his capture. The video included him changing form from wolf to Human. 
Longbow shrugged and went to the cot to sit down and heard the State Trooper taunted “Got nothing to say, you fucking freak?”
The State Trooper added smirking “I think the News people would be very interested in this tape. Too bad this is just a copy, I have the original hidden.” 
Longbow sighed and sat on the plastic cot and still staring at the State Trooper who continued “Just a word of a warning, skin walker, should anything happen to me a certain tape will make its way to the News affiliates. You wouldn’t want your secret out wouldn’t you?” 
Longbow kept his tongue and watched as the State Trooper talked some more still smiling “There are some people that will pay big money for someone of you fuckers once they find out. I can see it now, you fuckers locked up in zoo for the public to watch ha-ha.”
Longbow still sitting lay down on the cot. 
He turned his back towards the State Trooper and heard him say “Well, in a few the Zesky Asylum will arrive and take you away. Enjoy your freedom because I hear they torture people especially fucking freaks like you.” 
Longbow heard him walk away down the hallway and he heard the door open and close with a slam.

Officer Larsen hung up the phone grimacing with his partner Officer Jones watching the TV monitors behind him. She stood twirling her ponytail with nervousness in her face. They both looked at the monitor showing Longbow asleep in his cell. The door to the hallway leading to the prisoner cells opened and closed as Johnson stepped out with a sneer on his face. Officer Jones abruptly put her hand down and looked at her partner. 
Officer Larsen spoke seeing him “The Zesky Asylum vehicle is coming as you ordered. I just got a phone call from them.” 
Johnson spoke narrowing his eyes at Larsen “Good. They better come.” 
Larsen heard the threatening tone in his voice went to his desk on the other side of the room, to sit down. He was followed by Jones who sat at a desk facing Larsen’s. They both exchanged looks while they watched as Johnson grabbed a chair and went to sit sideways in front of the monitors. 

Silent Walker stared at the monitors in his office in his house. The monitors showed various scenes but his eyes were focused on one. It showed a man in an orange jumpsuit with his black hair framing his face lying in a police cell asleep on a cot. 
“Longbow” said Silent Walker who narrowed his eyes at the monitor “What is wrong with you?”
Silent Walker heard a rap at the door and looked to see Cheyenne, standing there watching him, she signed hand language asking “What’s going on?”
Silent Walker gestured towards one of the monitors and saw her expression on her face turn to shock.
Cheyenne frowned and signed “What is Longbow doing in jail again?” 
Silent Walker replied signing “That State Trooper and some men captured him, Cheyenne; they know about his ability, got it on tape.” 
Cheyenne signed asking “What are they planning to do with him?”
Silent Walker frowned and signed “The State Trooper said that a vehicle from the Zesky Asylum will come and take him away.” 
A phone rang, in the office, lights on it flashing. Silent Walker picked it up and put on the speaker signing while voicing his words “Hello, Silent Walker here.” 
A male voice spoke “This is the Deaf Relay Operator calling. Ariana Morgan would like to speak to Cheyenne Silent Walker.” 
Silent Walker gestured toward the typewriter device called a TTY at the table with a small printout and thin screen. Cheyenne went to the TTY and put the phone handle on it and words flashed on the screen. Silent Walker turned towards the monitors watching them as Cheyenne typed. 
Silent Walker stared at the monitors and frowned speaking out “Damn it all. Oh fuck!” 
One monitor showed a helicopter flying, as Silent Walker adjusted the TV monitor by the switches, the words “Zesky Asylum” was seen on the side. 
Silent Walker groaned out “Oh fuck, we’re in for it.” 
He noticed Cheyenne looked up frowning then she looked down and continued typing. Abruptly Silent Walker grabbed his cell phone and dialed a number. 
“Georgina Ioniel here” said the female voice on the cell phone. 
Silent Walker spoke “This is Silent Walker. Please tell your Mother to call those sources of hers. We got a helicopter.”
He heard the female voice speak “Will do.” 
Then he disconnected the phone.

At the Patricoly house, the phone rang; Raya who came from the kitchen, while the others were eating breakfast went to answer it, with a frown hearing her daughter’s voice speaking on the line “Mother, call those sources of yours, there are a problem, the Zesky Asylum sent a helicopter.” 
Raya spoke “Oh my Goodness” and hung up the phone. 
She noticed the group watching her, spoke “George, I have to tie up your phone for a bit.” 
She took the cordless phone from the dining room and went into the kitchen.
Sam asked breaking the silence “What will happen to Thomas?”
Grandfather groaned as he spoke “Tell them what happened to you, Coyote.”
The teens looked at him questioningly. 
Coyote replied “After I was attacked or defeated by” while noticing Brittany watching him intensively, added with anger in his voice “Brittany’s people, they left me in a car with no forms of identification on me or the car. As a result I was put in an Asylum called Zesky in some small town called Tamkan inside the large city of Wolfville.”
Sam watched as his father stared in space with anger in his voice still speaking “To spare you the details, they did all sorts of experiments of torture on me. They seemed to know what I was, the Hunter, which I was referred by those people. I remember my Father telling me that it took him a few years to get me out. He had to prove my existence as his son, but this left me in a coma on and off. I still have the scars from their torture especially one on my chest that won’t go away no matter how healed.”
Grandfather cleared his throat and said “Records from my sources, indicated that Brittany, was in the Zesky Asylum when she had you, Sam.” 
Sam looked at Brittany who snarled out “They didn’t do any experiments on me but after they took you away, they let me go, right in the middle of nowhere of some large forest. I had to find my way back to civilization.” 
Michael stared at Sam and asked “I wonder did they do any experiments on Sam?”
Tina gasped out “Ouch! Let’s hope not.” 
Coyote growled some sound with a sneer on his face. Brittany sitting next to Coyote put a hand on his shoulder and Coyote looked at her softening his face.
Sam heard Michael whisper in his ear “Lucky you, your parents are together.” 
Grandfather got up and left to the kitchen. He saw Raya standing there holding the phone muttering a chant in her Romanian language. Her eyes were closed and they opened when Grandfather came in the kitchen with a frown on his face. 
He spoke “Their sending a helicopter isn’t they? Hand me the phone.”
Raya wordlessly handed Grandfather the phone that dialed a number and spoke “Hello George Patricoly here. Their sending a helicopter to take my son, Thomas Patricoly away to Zesky Asylum and they have the capture on tape.”
He paused as Raya stared at him watching as Grandfather continued “The capture includes the Amula change.”
Grandfather noticed Raya staring at him with a confused and shocked look on her face put a hand on the phone and spoke “I know the skin walkers’ secret name is Amula.” 
Removing his hand he added to the person on the phone “Send them and put them in place now.”
Then he disconnected the phone and spoke to Raya “It’s done. The One will rescue Thomas and will handle the details.” 
Raya spoke “You’re full of surprises, George.”
Grandfather spoke “Yes I am, Raya.” 
Then he left the kitchen towards the living room.

Chapter thirty eight

Longbow woke up hearing a door slam. 
He heard State Trooper Johnson speaking “The skin walker is in that cell. Don’t be fooled by his appearance. I have his change on tape.” 
Longbow looked up to see three figures two men and a woman with Johnson to stand in front of the cell he was sitting in. The men were wearing military outfits of pants, a top and held in their arms were long guns. The woman had a blue sweat suit, hair pulled back, and like the men had black hair, tanned skin and a white skunk streak in the middle of their hair like a hair part streak. The woman had a look on her face that made Longbow grimace as he sat on the cot watching them stand staring at them. 
Johnson spoke again “I have made copies of the tape incase anything happens to me because I don’t trust-.” 
He was cut off when the woman interrupted in a bored voice “The taped copies are not important.”
She gestured with a head nod and one of the men with his gun aimed at Johnson pulled the trigger. 
Longbow grimaced hearing the gun fire and a dart landed on Johnson’s shoulder who yelled “This was not part of our deal!” 
The woman still using the bored tone spoke “The One doesn’t take threats.” 
Johnson groaned and Longbow watched as he collapsed onto the floor with a thud as the woman turned to face him, with a nod of her head one of the men aimed his gun between the bars and pulled the trigger. Longbow flinched feeling a prick of pain from the dart that landed on his left shoulder while feeling the familiar wave of sleepiness as he fell against the bed falling unconscious. 

Larsen with Jones looked up from their desks as the woman in the blue sweat suit came in and spoke “You, I need your help in hauling out the prisoners.”
Larsen nodded and got up to follow the woman when there was an explosion heard by all three coming from outside. 
Jones exclaimed “I see the helicopter’s exploded!”
The woman yelled out “What!”
She went to the window to see the helicopter sitting in the road, engulfed in a fire and breaking apart in many pieces. The door opened as a man with black short hair with a white streak in the part, in a military uniform stumbled in. 
Jones went to help the man, the pilot of the helicopter as the woman again snarled to Larsen “Get me the Zesky Asylum on the phone now!”
Larsen obeyed by dialing the number and handing her the phone. 
The two officers heard her say “The helicopter has been taken out.” 
They heard her pause and were followed by her harrumphing which she hung up the phone.
The two officers stood watching her with frowns on their faces as she spoke with sarcasm “Well, round one goes to the Amula.”
The officers stared at the woman who turned to the door as the men who came with her, came in hauling an unconscious State Trooper.
The woman added “We’ll be taking the State Trooper but will leave the Amula in your care. See if the Amula doesn’t cause too much trouble for we’ll be watching and waiting.” 
The woman went to the pilot and added to Larsen, “We request to take a squad car.” 
Jones went to the wall and took a set of keys which she handed to the woman. The helicopter pilot got up and woozily followed the woman out with the two men hauling the State Trooper between them. Larsen went to the window and stood watching as the woman with the men got in a police car and drove away lights flashing. 
Jones spoke “That went well.” 
Larsen was about to speak when the phone rang. He pressed the speaker on the phone and heard a voice on the line speak “This is George Patricoly, I know you have my son Thomas Patricoly a.k.a. Longbow with you. Sent him to the house, I request to talk to him.” 
Larsen replied “Will do, Mr. Patricoly.” 
The officers heard the phone disconnect.

Chapter thirty nine

The Trio with Nanook was sitting on the porch when they saw a police car came driving up. Larsen came out with Jones. The Trio watched as one of the Officers hauled out a passenger, dressed in jeans, and a blue crew neck shirt while wearing a necklace with a shiny pendant seen, from the back of the car. Michael groaned recognizing a frowning Longbow as Sam glared and Tina frowned. 
The Officers released Longbow from the cuffs and the Trio heard Larsen speak “Your Father is inside, requesting to talk to you.” 
Longbow nodded his head and walked up the stairs passed the Trio looking at him. The front door banged along with the screen door banged closed. Inside Longbow walked to the living room to face Grandfather sitting in his chair with a frown on his face. Coyote stood next to Grandfather with his arms folded, his face in a glare boring at Longbow.
Longbow shifted as Grandfather spoke “So, you’re Amula.” 
Coyote looked at Grandfather as Longbow had a look of surprise on his face.
Grandfather continued “I know your secret name is Amula. Your sister talked too much especially when drunk.” 
Longbow frowned staring at his Father who added “I see your wearing your Mother’s necklace. I wondered what happened to it.”
Coyote spoke “The necklace, I found and gave to him.” 
Grandfather looked at Coyote who kept boring his glare at Longbow and then he looked at his son standing there frowning. 
Grandfather spoke “I see.” 
The three lapsed in silence. 
Grandfather spoke “You may go now but keep yourself out of trouble will you?”
Longbow nodded and left the house with Coyote glaring at his back. Longbow came out the back door of the house stewing angry. He stomped towards the forests and came around a tree and met Brittany who stood with arms folded with a glare was on her face. 
Before he could open his mouth to speak, Brittany spoke in wolf language “You jerk, what you think your doing?”
Longbow snarled in the same dialect “My Father along with the Hunter knows our secret name is Amula.”
Brittany stared at Longbow with shock on her face. 
Longbow spoke “My sister according to Father blabbed when she was drunk.”
Brittany spoke “Your Father admitted to me that he has her locked up in some asylum.” 
Longbow growled out “I’m not done with you yet.” 
The bushes rumbled as wolves came out growling.
Longbow noticing the wolves asked “What going on?”
Brittany shrugged and said “How should I know? You’re the Pack Leader, do something.”
Longbow spoke to the wolves “Scatter, I have unfinished business with Brittany.” 
The wolves instead of disappearing growled while advanced towards the two, surrounding them in a circle. 
One of them changed form to reveal a glaring man dressed like Longbow with a Mohawk on his head who said “Traitor.” 
Longbow opened his mouth to speak when the Mohawk man charged at him along with several wolves.
Brittany heard Longbow yell “I’m not the traitor, she is!”
Rolling her eyes, Brittany walked away through the forest towards the house. At the house, she met Coyote standing on the porch with his arms folded and his eyes had an accusing look in them.
Brittany spoke “Coyote, Longbow can keep the position as long as he doesn’t hurt you or Sam.” 
She walked by him to go to the door of the house when Coyote grabbed her right arm in a strong grip. She sighed at his hand and noticed the same accusing look in his face, frowned. 
Brittany pleaded “Let me go, Coyote.” 
Coyote without a word proceeded to haul Brittany towards the pool house door. 
He held out a hand and ordered while letting go of Brittany’s arm “The keys, Brittany.” 
Brittany groaned and reached down towards her pant leg and pulled out the keys on a keychain from her sock. She held them up as Coyote snatched them from her hand. She watched as Coyote tried the keys on the door which unlocked. 
She flinched seeing Coyote turn to glare at her and he spoke “George admitted that part of the pool house was destroyed by a fire but not this door, with the locks and he also admitted to losing the keys.” 
Brittany frowned and then she felt Coyote grab her arm. She did not protest as Coyote pulled her towards the porch of the main house and the two went inside. Grandfather sat in his chair watching Coyote haul in Brittany. 
Coyote spoke “The keys work.”
Grandfather flicked on the TV and watched as Coyote pulled Brittany up the stairs. The two reached the locked room. Coyote let go of Brittany and proceeded to use the keys on the door. He reached the right key which the door opened unlocked. Brittany groaned as Coyote pushed her in the room slamming the door behind them. Brittany sneezed at the dust the room spilled up. Coyote blindly went to the window opening the shade and opened the window. Light and air came blowing in the room illuminating it. The room had a bed with consisted of dusty brown furniture out of wood, a dresser and a bed with a closet with no doors. The walls of the room had a faded tan brown color. The closet was covered by a design of a faded wolf on a blanket and on the bed was a woven colorful blanket that was fraying covered with dust and a pillow.  
Coyote asked “Whose room was this?”
Brittany replied clasping her arms around herself “The room belonged to Mark.” 
Coyote looked around and went to the dresser and pulled it open. He could see nothing in it, and then he walked to the closet and gently picked up the blanket of the wolf up and saw nothing but a large narrow closet with a rail in it. 
Coyote glared at Brittany who frowned as he asked “What happened to his clothes and things?”
Brittany replied “They were given away to his son.” 
Coyote spoke “And where’s the son now?”
Brittany instead of answering the question went to the window to look out. She sensed Coyote stand behind her with his hands on her shoulders, him taller than her. 
She sighed at his touch and sensed him lean his head towards her right ear while speaking “They are hidden aren’t they?”
Brittany nodded as Coyote continued “Do they know of their heritage?”
Brittany answered “They know.” 
She felt Coyote turn her to face him, holding her close to him and she averted her eyes to stare at his shoulder, as he spoke “I recognized your brother, Luke, the moment I saw him. He goes by a different name now does he?”
Brittany nodded as Coyote continued “Where’s his wife and children?”
Brittany kept her mouth shut as Coyote leaned his head till it was close to hers and added “I see you’re worried about their safety.”
Brittany sighing out, while feeling Coyote’s head lean on her forehead “I guess I am worried.”
Coyote muttered out, while holding Brittany in a tighter grip with his hands around her waist “They’ll be in their early twenties now.” 
Brittany replied, as her arms went around Coyote’s neck “I know.” 
She closed her eyes as she felt Coyote’s lips trail on her face till he settled on her lips. Next thing she knew she broke off the kiss and was clawing at his clothes pulling them off of him as he returned the favor doing it to her clothes till both were naked which she proceeded to lead Coyote to the bed and got the blankets up to the foot along with lying on it with him on top of her. She gasped of pleasure as he entered her feeling herself getting better from his touch and being inside her as he thrust in rhythm with her meeting his thrusts. She gave out a loud moan sound as he spilled himself inside her making her shudder of pleasure from the feeling. Brittany didn't protest as Coyote pulled out and adjusted their forms till she was lying on top of him while feeling him moving to pull the blankets up to her chest hiding her breasts. She sighed loudly from the feel of Coyote's muscular familiar arms wrapped around her and her skin touching his skin making her feel pleasantly happy. She shut her eyes snuggling in Coyote's arm grips.

With a sigh, Coyote stared at Brittany laying on him while they were on the bed with the blanket on them. He could see their clothes strewn around the dusty room from the light of the window showing the nearly sun. Coyote sensed Brittany snuggle closer to him further. He had wrapped his muscular arms around her form. Coyote frowned lying on the bed lost in thought. He looked at Brittany in his arms. She was awake and staring at the wall. 
Frowning he broke the silence by speaking “Appears I’m still your first judging by your reaction towards me mating with you.”
Brittany replied “Longbow only used his hands to make me feel mating like. He balked on having me touch him or did anything further than touching me.” 

She heard a growl from Coyote quickly added “I was forced to enjoy it with the threat of harm to our son.” 
She heard Coyote speak “Our son.” 
Brittany sighed out “Yes our son.” 
She added before Coyote could speak “Longbow used some psycho power to make me want to enjoy his manipulations.” 
Coyote spoke “What happens when one first changes?”
Brittany sighed and looked away but felt Coyote’s hand on her face which he pulled to face his serious face which she averted her eyes.
He repeated his question “What happens when one first changes?”
He heard Brittany groan out “They get the urge to mate with the person of the opposite gender in their presence after the change.”
She stiffened feeling Coyote tensed up growling out “Well, appears Humans are affected.”
She spoke “Yes I know.” 
She sighed feeling Coyote pull her towards him as he spoke “You owe me one, Brittany.” 
She wrapped her arms around him while knowing what was coming next making her feel happy looking forwards to it as she recalled fully what got Sam to be created in the first place. It was over five years since Mark Morgan; Brittany’s younger brother had died, Brittany Morgan cried to herself as she sat in her cabin. Outside was snow out on the ground, Christmas a holiday she hardly celebrated had passed and it was beginning of January. She was feeling those tremors of pain her other younger brother, Luke, twin brother of Mark had warned her about. The tremors he told her brought the change of shape shifting from Human to wolf. Brittany remembered the events that brought to her brother’s death remembering Mark saving the life of his brother from Lisa, his wife’s gun. Brittany knew as a tremor shook through her in the core of her body. She shivered in the warm cabin remembering that Mark had caused a family curse of shooting a wolf which would make them become skin walkers an ability to change to wolf to Human and back. She frowned remembering the curse passed to Uncle Belen Morgan who died by the gun of a destined Hunter. The destined Hunter shot Belen Morgan but didn’t stop the curse as Brittany felt pain hit her. It was unbearable pain that she took off her night gown and stood naked in her cabin. She staggered outside to a clearing of the snow, leaving the door to her cabin open and fell to the ground. She curled in a ball on the snow, as she moaned feeling her body change from Human to wolf. She groaned as she lay feeling her body becoming shorter and shorter with fur growing on it. Sighing she stretched in the wolf form of a white wolf and changed back to a Human form. As Brittany lay there, she sensed a presence. 
Brittany saw through the haze a man in green army outfit of pants, a long sleeve top and a black hat pulled on back wards on his blonde haired head.
She mouthed the word due to recognizing him “Coyote”. 

Coyote Wilson recalled as he mated with Brittany that he was walking in the snowy forest. He recalled shooting Belen Morgan as the destined Hunter, had brought some change into him. The change required him to wander in the forests at all times, neglecting his duties as an officer of the police force. His father, Detective Wilson, he mused to himself made him take a sabbatical from the police force. This left him free to walk in the forest aimlessly. Coyote had no idea of what brought him to the forests from his campground. He looked up at the star filled sky without seeing them. Then he heard moans come from his left and came to the clearing to see a woman he recognized to be Brittany Morgan lying there. Her black hair was sprayed around her face as she lay on the snowy ground wearing nothing. Coyote didn’t know why but he walked towards her as if in a trance. Coyote stood over Brittany and kneeled. He picked her up and carried her towards her cabin with the door yawning open. Then he brought her to the couch inside the cabin. He laid her down on the couch and he went to the door and closed it with a bang. Coyote stood there staring at Brittany. He felt some strange feeling an urge as he stared at her nakedness. He felt a tug inside him as Brittany held out her hands staring at him.
“Coyote” she whispered.
Coyote felt his clothes were confining him that he slowly took off his clothes and left them piling at the door in his nakedness with his staff rising. The urge became stronger as he walked towards Brittany with muscles flexing on his physique. He leaned over her and Brittany grabbed his shoulders and pulled him towards her. Next thing Coyote knew he was lying on top of her on the couch, with his rod poking her stomach. He groaned out as he kissed her lips and put his hands on her breasts. He felt her arch her back towards him as he fondled her breasts. 
She moaned “Coyote, inside me please.”
Coyote felt her legs parted for him and surrounded him as if ready for him to enter her. He kissed her neck and entered his arousal inside her tightness. He could feel her stretching to accommodate him as he thrust inside her breaking a barrier. Coyote hesitated as he felt her stiffen from the barriers shattering. 
He heard her beg in a pleading tone “Coyote please.” 
Coyote continued moving in and out of her thrusting his staff in her tightness. He could sense a wave of pleasure coming as she was gripping him tightly with her legs and then Brittany shook shaking from the wave. Coyote buried his staff completely inside Brittany before he let go to the tremors of pleasure, releasing his seed inside her. Coyote sighed and nuzzled her neck some more. The feeling of her squeezing him with her legs brought satisfaction. He brought his hands to below her breasts and massaged the area where muscles budged a bit. He could feel Brittany as she massaged his head by playing with his hair. They sighed together still joined. Trapped by her legs, Coyote did a butter churning like thrust with his staff inside Brittany and moved his hands to settle on her breasts. 
He heard Brittany speak in his ear moaning out “Your good, Coyote.” 
Coyote spoke “Yes” as he thrust in her. 
She, he felt met his thrusts with her flexing hips. Coyote smiled as his sensed Brittany thrash while moaning out loud; her head was thrown back as he nuzzled her neck with his face. He felt the wave come and once again let he go thru the wave of pleasure spilling his seed inside her.

Brittany sighed on the couch staring at Coyote’s golden hair as he lay on top of her. He was nuzzling her neck with his hands by her sides. She wrapped her muscled arms around his head feeling the silkiness of his long hair that fell around his face. Brittany felt as pleasant as he lay on top of her, his staff still inside her. The feeling brought her to grip him tightly around him with her legs as Coyote shifted to adjust his weight of his muscular body. 

He felt himself feeling sleepy kept himself on top of Brittany who he sensed had fallen asleep. He slept till he sensed daylight shining through the windows which he got up pulling himself out of her and stood staring at her. She, he saw didn’t stir but remained asleep. He spied a blanket on the couch’s back pulled it to cover her and then went to his clothes and shoes putting them on. He silently walked out of the cabin gently closing the door behind him to walk before pausing to turn around staring at the cabin. Coyote stood outside watching Brittany’s cabin a small hill covered by Ivy and a tree growing out of the top of it. Snow was on top of the hill and the tree limbs bent towards the ground. He stood in his green outfit. It pained him to leave Brittany as she slept. So he slowly walked towards his campground a few miles away from the cabin. At his campground, this was consisted of a sleeping bag and a few provisions from a backpack. Coyote packed his stuff together in the backpack and slung it on his shoulder. He stood facing the direction of Brittany’s cabin from whence he came. Coyote pressed a hand on his lips and raised it in the direction of the cabin as he turned and walked away towards civilization. 

Morning spilled into the cabin as Brittany lay on the couch alone. She was covered by a blanket and she sighed stretched thinking, of what she had the other night with Coyote Wilson. Brittany stretched feeling some tiredness feeling and got up from the couch. She discovered herself naked and went into the bathroom to shower. Brittany sighed and wondered about Coyote. In the shower she let the hot water fall over her as she stood staring at the tiles. 
She thought to herself, “Oh Coyote, where did you go?” 
Brittany rocked herself sleep from memory, feeling the life kicking inside her, of her cabin. 
She sighed out “Two months to go.
It was seven months since she had her moment of pleasure with Coyote Wilson. Brittany remembered the day she learned she was pregnant. She was walking in the forests of the snow in a Human form when she was overcome with nausea. The nausea made her throw up several times which she threw up onto the way back to her cabin. Changing into a wolf form didn’t help at all because the nausea made her sicker. At her cabin Brittany fell onto the couch with realization that she was missing her regular period courses. Brittany smiled at the memory as she rocked her rocking chair in the cabin, with the baby restlessly kicking inside her. She laid a hand on her swollen abdomen covered by a large sweat top. It the month of late July and Brittany was sure that she was due in September. 
“Soon” she thought as she fell asleep during the night.

“Soon” Coyote Wilson thought as he stood watching Brittany’s cabin. 
Morning shined her rays on through the forests canopy. Going back to civilization meant leaving Brittany alone but during his off hours of work at the Port Monaco Police Station, he visited Brittany’s cabin leaving food, provisions and items anonymously. It was the month of July when he had time off to visit Brittany personally. He had heard rumors of Brittany being pregnant and denying it when she was asked along with oddly seemingly insane from people hearing her talking nonsense sentences from her seen around the town. 
“Brittany” he spoke to himself, “Why didn’t you tell me about the baby?”
Sighing he walked towards the door and knocked. 

Brittany awoke from the knock. She hauled herself from the rocker she was sitting in and waddled towards the door. Opening it a crack, she saw Coyote Wilson standing there in his police uniform.

Coyote grabbed the door and pulled it wider despite Brittany’s protests of “I’m fine, no need to bother me.” 
Coyote spoke “Don’t deny it, Brittany. You’re pregnant with my child.”
He heard Brittany gasp as she backed away from the door and he entered the cabin seeing her cover her abdomen with her hands. Brittany he heard gasped as he grabbed her hands and yanked her large sweat shirt off her, revealing a swollen abdomen with child. 
Sighing Coyote asked “Why didn’t you tell me?”
He sensed Brittany shiver has he put back on her sweat shirt covering her. 

Brittany shivered as he put back on her sweat shirt over her swollen abdomen. She felt him put a hand on her where their child lay kicking away. He put his other hand on her chin and forced her to look up at his face. 
Brittany averted her eyes as Coyote spoke “Look at me, Brittany. Why?” 
Brittany shivered again and spoke “The others won’t understand and would kill the baby.” 
Coyote spoke “Let me take the baby to safety, just to be raised. The baby will have my protection.” 
Brittany shook her head as panic came and spoke “No! I won’t let you take the baby like my parents were taken.” 

Coyote recognizing the panic in her wide eyes as she shook held her in a hug and whispered in her ear “Don’t worry, Brittany, I swear it that the baby will live and no one will take it.” 

Brittany sighed feeling Coyote’s arms wrapped around her. Sighing she leaned into Coyote’s arms and felt a prick of a needle shot in her arm. 

He pulled out the syringe hidden in his sleeve as Brittany sighed and leaned into his arms. He brought the syringe into her arm and felt her stiffen from his arms around her. 
He felt her sway from the drug as he spoke “I’m sorry, Brittany, I have to do this.” 
He gently lowered her to the floor as she went unconscious. 
Coyote pulled out his radio from his waist belt and spoke “Target’s out you can come now and get her.”
He went to the door and yanked it open standing outside waiting as bushes rumbled showing fellow police officers and two paramedics carrying a stretcher who entered the cabin with him following. He stood watching them hoist Brittany onto the stretcher and then lifted it up. He stared at Brittany seeing that she looked pale and had dark circles underneath her eyes while recalling to himself that she seemed to be on the thin side when he looked at her without her top on. He exhaled a breath as the paramedics carried her out which he followed closing the cabin door. He followed them through the forest to the road where an ambulance stood which they loaded her inside and then the vehicle drove away. He felt a hand on his shoulder looked with surprise to see his father Detective Wilson who was frowning. 
He stared at his father who spoke “Chances are she might be put in an asylum due to people’s reports about hearing her talking scattered talk to herself while out and about in town.”
He nodded his head for he had heard the reports himself from town’s people and seen how Brittany acted that she seemed a little out of it. 

When she came too, Brittany found herself arms strapped to a bed in a room with white all around. She lay there realizing what Coyote had done to her, sent her to an asylum. Looking down she saw that her abdomen was still swollen with child. There was a needle injecting clear stuff in her right arm. Brittany was wearing a white hospital gown.
“Coyote” she screamed “How could you do this to me?!”
 Then a door in front of the bed opened and an orderly of the asylum, covered in white came out complete with a mask. 
The orderly spoke in a feminine voice “Stop screaming or I’ll be forced to inject you with something.” 
Brittany glared at the woman in the white mask and spoke “Why am I here?”
The woman spoke “As if you don’t know, you tried to kill the baby. It was a good thing you were brought in here, because the baby and you were dying from starvation.” 
Brittany asked “Starvation? What are you talking about? I’ve been eating fine.” 
The woman sarcastically replied “Eating fine? Not according to the doctors. Your diet of foods wasn’t enough for the baby, Hmph.”
Brittany snarled out “Who brought me here and how long am I here for?”
The woman spoke “Who else but Officer Coyote Wilson brought you here.” 
Brittany glared at the woman who added, “The doctors have decided because your health towards the baby, it will be taken away and adopted, once they determined the well being of the baby.”
Brittany screamed “No! You’re not taking this baby away from me!”
The woman pulled out a syringe and injected something in Brittany’s arm then she turned and left the room as Brittany screamed ranting out her cries.

Peering out of a plastic window of the door, Coyote stood with shock on his face. He heard a step and looked to see his father Detective Wilson standing there next to him.
“I’m sorry” He heard his father say “About the baby. Don’t worry there’s a family waiting to adopt the baby.” 
Coyote spoke “Don’t be sorry, I love her well enough to care for the well being of the baby.” 
Coyote heard a rustle of paper as his father handed him a clipboard with paper on it. Coyote could barely see the words with his eyes blurring as he signed the agreement form signing away his rights as the father to the baby Brittany was carrying.
Detective Wilson spoke “Don’t worry about her, the asylum will take care of her then.”
Sighing Coyote walked away before his father could see the tears fall from his eyes.

Brittany lay racking from the pain of labor. She gritted her teeth trying not to groan out loud as the tremors of pain rocked through her. She heard a sound of a small alarm and looked to see the door open showing the orderly female with two other male orderlies. 
The female spoke “Ooh you’re in labor.”
She held out a syringe which Brittany growled at her. The female gestured towards the male orderlies who grabbed a struggling Brittany who screamed from pain. She barely felt the female prick her arm with the syringe. Then Brittany felt herself getting woozy and falling asleep as she felt the orderlies drag her from the room. 

Coyote stood staring out the window of the asylum his eyes not seeing the scenery. He heard a baby crying sound from behind him and slowly turned around to stare at his father Detective Wilson holding a wrapped bundle in his arms. His eyes riveted on the moving bundle and he as in a trance walked towards his father to hold out his hands who handed him the bundle he saw was a baby with a mop of blonde hair on the head. 
He heard his father speak “It’s a boy.”
Coyote stared at his son who opened his eyes and he saw brown eyes which to his relief reminded him of Brittany’s. His son scrunched up his face to wail a crying sound which he gently rocked the baby and sensed his son stop the wailing to close his eyes falling asleep. He heard a sound of the door open with a slam and looked up to see a woman with a mean look on her face while wearing clothing of one color walking into the room. 
He stared at the woman who walked to him with her hands up. 
His father spoke “Give her the baby, Coyote.” 
Coyote brought his attention to the baby which he kissed his son’s forehead and then handed the woman the baby who without a word left the room slamming the door behind her. He bowed his head and felt his father’s hand on his shoulder. 
He looked up to stare at his father as he spoke “I like to see Brittany.”
He saw a frown on his father’s face who spoke “That’s not possible. I’m told that they released her after giving birth to the baby.”
He felt annoyance arriving as he glared at his father who added “I’m sorry, Coyote.”
He nodded his head of understanding then felt his father’s hand on his arm pulling him which he didn’t resist to the pulling as he silently walked. 

Next thing Brittany recalled with distaste running through her she drowsily woke up from a bed to hear a baby crying before falling back to the darkness of sleep. Brittany woke up with a jerk to find herself lying on a grass covered ground with tall towering trees standing overhead which she recognized as a forest which she sat up to discover herself without any clothes on. Groaning Brittany felt herself fine along with a feeling of hunger. She stared at the ground to see deer tracks which she walked stumbling through the bushes following them. She groaned putting a hand to her forehead and then shifted form to a white wolf which her nose scented the deer in the forest which she followed quietly. She heard a raging river sound and followed it to see a deer a young male buck lapping at the water. Growling inwardly she snuck behind the deer who continued lapping then struck throwing her body onto its back knocking it to the ground and brought her teeth to the deer’s neck in a tight jaw crushing grip. She held on as the male buck struggled in her grip as she continued to bite bringing her jaws further into its neck till the deer stopped its struggling giving up its life. She released her hold on its neck and went to its side biting with fury at its nourishment while sating her hunger. She ate till she couldn’t take any more bites and then went to the river to lap up water which she drank her thirstiness away. Then her nose alerted her of a presence behind her which she spun around growling to see a group of wolves staring at her in a semi circle as a wolf stood up on its hind legs shifting form to a male Human with Native American looks on his face, and pulled back hair and clothes of animal skins. Brittany frowned staring at the male who seemed familiar but couldn’t place him. 
The male spoke “Show yourself Amula, we won’t harm you but we want to know who you are.” 
Brittany stiffened of shock as she remembered who the male was her younger brother Luke who was staring at her with no recognition on his frowning face. She pushed herself up and shifted form to a Human and saw Luke’s eyes widen staring at her. 
She stared at him with a frown as Luke spoke “Older sister, Brittany, it’s your younger brother Luke. What happened to you?”
She shrugged as Luke yanked off his long sleeve top and tossed it to her which she put on covering her to the knees like a short dress. 
Luke she stared at spoke “I heard around town that you were expecting a baby. What’s with that?”
She spoke with venom in her voice “Just some sick rumor to shame me and ruin my reputation said by some idiot.”
She narrowed her eyes as she saw Luke narrow his eyes and make a sign with his hand which she recognized said “Talk to me later in private.”
She added speaking “So Amula? What’s with the name and who are these wolves? I thought the curse of skin walking would be passed by shooting a wolf. What’s with that?”
She folded her arms staring at Luke who spoke “There’s no curse, Brittany. Skin walking is part of a humanoid race called Amula that has lived for years undetected as wolf and Human.” 
She frowned hearing that to stare at Luke who continued "I found out about this after meeting the Amula in the forest who told me of the Amula race like I'm telling you."
She spoke as Luke paused to narrow his eyes aimed at her "Well that's interesting so tell me everything related to this Amula species and help me get my life back will you?"
She saw Luke nod his head as he gestured her to walk with him into the forest in Human form which she obeyed listening to her brother detail everything.

Chapter forty 

Grandfather sat in the chair watching as the teens arrived in the house with Raya. He stared at the stairs absent mildly and switched off the TV.
Raya came in with a serious look in her face as she spoke “So?”
Grandfather replied “Their upstairs.” 
He added while noticing Sam put a foot on the stairs “Let them work it out and they’ll come down themselves when their ready.” 
Sam frowned as Raya ordered “Michael, Tina come in the kitchen with me now.” 
She ushered the siblings into the kitchen while Sam stood in front of Grandfather who spoke “Your parents are working things out upstairs.”
Sam nodded his head. Grandfather dismissed him with a wave of a hand. Sam went to the kitchen to see the others there. He sat down at the table with a frown leaning on his hand as Hocus jumped on the table and the cat rubbed his head on Sam’s hand. Sam gave the cat scratches absent mildly. The group in the kitchen heard the doors open as Brittany walked inside with a frown on her face. Sam got up to stand as Brittany walked over to him and gave him a hug. 
Sam asked “Mom, about Dad?” 
Brittany replied “Don’t worry, we worked something out.” 
They heard the doorbell ring sounding loudly in the house. The trio and Brittany left the kitchen to see Coyote arrive in the living room holding a large thick rectangular brown cardboard package. 
He spoke “That was the delivery truck with something addressed to me. I don’t remember ordering anything.” 
Grandfather spoke “I did order something for you, Coyote. So open the package.” 
Raya came out of the kitchen carrying scissors by the blades which she held up waving them. Coyote took the scissors and set the package down on the couch and sat as Raya stood with arms folded. The group watched as he attacked the package with the scissors and once open Coyote set the scissors down on the table next to the couch. He looked at Grandfather with a shocked look on his face then at the open package. Shaking his head Coyote pulled out a large metal grey box by the handle from the package wrapping along with an object the trio gasped as Brittany stiffened seeing it. Coyote held up the object which was a long grey arm length gun with a flashlight built into its features. 
Grandfather spoke “The gun, a hunter’s rifle was built on my orders and is set to your preferences, Coyote.” 
Coyote stared at the gun and he looked at the metal box. Coyote opened the metal box to see sets of large golden bullets which he picked up examining it with one hand.
Frowning he set the bullet down and examined the gun and spoke “I think this will do.” 
He heard nothing in response but noticed Raya giving Grandfather a glaring expression that reminded him of hatred and that the male didn't seem to notice the look instead was concentrating on staring at him. Coyote without a comment picked up the box and gun and took it into the sun room which he spied a hook on the wall above the windows and pulled a chair below it while putting the bullet's box on a table along with putting a bullet into the gun and then stood on the chair finding himself having to stand on tiptoes to reach the hook which he hung the gun and then once satisfied with his work put the chair away and walked into the living room finding the others had notice where he put the gun and bullets' box he finding himself not concerned about it. Coyote noticed Raya give Grandfather a glare and then walk into the kitchen slamming the doors as he eyed the others. He eyed Brittany who shook her head in some no gesture while closing her eyes and saw her open her eyes and walk out going outside shifting form into a white wolf that bounded away going into the forest out of sight. Coyote eyed the kids who in response walked by him and Grandfather without a word them having grimaces on their faces which he heard the front door bang loudly which he went and peered through the peephole to find them sitting on the porch. 
Coyote went to Grandfather and spoke "The wolves will retaliate against you for giving me the gun." 
He eyed Grandfather who spoke in response sounding sarcastic "I'm an old man there's nothing the Amula as the wolves call themselves officially can do against me. I know many things about the Amula and have put measures in place in case they take me out on a permanent basis due to making an agreement with people who have power to assure of those measures. Don't worry about the Amula and their reaction towards me giving you a gun. They won't do anything deadly against me for Amula don't kill Amula period." 
Coyote stiffened hearing Grandfather's words who flared wolf like eyes aimed at him before resuming Human looking brown eyes. He exhaled a breath as Grandfather without another comment turned on the TV with a click of a remote and appeared to be focused his attention onto it by the look on his face seemingly amuse by the sporting event of race cars blared onto it from what he heard. 
He sighed and without a word walked into the kitchen to find Raya standing with arms folded who gave him a glare and she spoke "Out! I'm busy cooking and don't need you and who else underfoot so leave! Take a walk in the forest while you're at it!"
Coyote found Raya's expression indicated that she didn't want to hear him talk obeyed to go out of the kitchen to go to the sun room which he exhaled a breath and went onto the porch to find a rocking chair and sat seemingly lengthy due to figuring out it was best to stay close to the house for awhile. 

Chapter forty two

The Trio sat at the stairs on the porch of the front of the house not talking to each other and they stiffened hearing siren sounds as a police car, a fire truck and an ambulance arrived with lights flashing. 
They stood up as Officer Larsen they saw got out of the car speaking “We got a nine one, one call from someone incoherent and tracked it to here.”
The Trio’s eyes widen as they yelled in unison “Grandfather!”

The Trio stood outside on the porch watching the paramedics hauled an unconscious Grandfather on a stretcher with an oxygen mask on his face and loaded him into the ambulance which drove away sirens sounding the medics not giving them a word on what was his medical condition was instead just carried him out into the ambulance and drove away as Officer Larsen stood watching. 
The teens eyed the officer who spoke "Don't worry he'll be fine once he gets checked out." 
Sam heard the sarcasm of Officer Larsen's voice tone figured that the medical condition had something to due with Amula retaliating for giving his Father a gun. He kept the thought to himself as Officer Larsen took leave via car with the fire truck following. He eyed Michael and Tina warily as both walked down the porch's steps and went into the forest together leaving him on the steps ignoring him while appearing to not be interested in talking to him. He sighed and figured that he'll wander around the forest himself. Sam walked in the forest in the sun when he heard a twig snap behind him and spun around as he was hit in the face. He groaned as he was hit again and fell to the ground. 

Coyote felt himself fed up with sitting in the rocking chair got up and walked into the forest wandering around till his senses urged him to go in a direction as if compelled which he followed till he heard a loud groan in the forest and followed the sound to see Sam lying on the ground looking like he had an injury to his face judging by the bruise and saw a black wolf bounding away into the bushes. 
He picked up his son and carried him to the house entering it as Raya met him in the living room exclaiming “Oh dear, Sam!” 
Coyote angrily spoke “Take care of him while I go handle the fool who did this.”
He went to the sun room grabbing a chair and stood on it on tiptoe grabbing his gun off the hook then stormed out of the house.

Longbow stood in the clearing in front of Brittany’s cabin as wolves arrived answering his summons. He stood with arms folded as a white wolf arrive changing form to Brittany who stood besides him with arms folded. Longbow frowned as he heard rustling in the bushes to see Coyote with gun in his hand arrived. 
Wolves stood on their feet from their haunches growling at Coyote who spoke in an angry tone “I found Sam lying on the ground, hurt judging by the looks of him and a wolf running away from him.”
Longbow heard Brittany gasp hearing Coyote’s words. Coyote, Longbow saw pointed his gun at him with a glare on his face and jerked as a gun shot was heard by the group. Longbow grabbed Brittany restraining her as Coyote dropped the gun and crumbled onto the ground closing his eyes. Behind him where Coyote once stood was Daniel with a handgun in his hand and an angry look on his face. 
Longbow spoke “Daniel.” 
Daniel spoke “He interrupted me as I was about to shoot Sam.” 

Brittany yanked herself out of Longbow’s grip and stormed towards Daniel yelling “Daniel, you idiot! Shooting people won’t solve things!”
She grabbed the gun from Daniel’s hand and tossed it into the bushes then picked up Coyote by the arms and proceeded to drag him towards the cabin. 
Longbow spoke “Brittany-“
She interrupted “You got a problem I should know about, Longbow?”

Brittany, Longbow saw gave him a glare as she dragged Coyote to the cabin door which she opened with one hand. Then picked up Coyote and dragged him into the cabin. Longbow flinched hearing the door slam behind her with a bang sound. 
He went to Daniel who picked up Coyote’s rifle and spoke “Give me the gun, Daniel.”
Longbow repeated his words with a hand out as Daniel stared at him with an angry look on his face. 
He calmly stared at Daniel who handed him Coyote’s rifle and Longbow ordered “The handgun Brittany threw in the bushes. Amula will get it for me.” 
One of the wolves stepped forwards and walked into the bushes and came out with the handgun in its mouth which Longbow took. 
Longbow spoke “New orders for the Amula, no one shoots the Hunter or attacks his son without my say so. You all understand?” 
He heard murmurs of agreements among the wolves and stared at Daniel whose eyes were staring at the ground. 
Longbow spoke “The orders involve you, Daniel. You understand?”
Daniel spoke “I understand.” 
Longbow stared at the sky which showed the fading sun going down the horizon and spoke “Scatter, go home and get some sleep. We’ll meet here again in the morning at my summons.” 
The wolves scattered as Daniel changed form into a black wolf running into the bushes. Longbow made a sound of disgust and with guns in hand walked into the forest leaving Brittany’s cabin. 

Chapter forty three

Brittany lay on the couch bed in her wolf form with Coyote lying next to her with his shirt off. She woke up hearing Coyote’s growl and opened her eyes shifting into her Human form. Frowning she stared at Coyote and gasped seeing his eyes open staring at the ceiling which were wolf eyes of golden yellow. She saw Coyote’s eyes turn to face hers and felt his hands on her pulling her towards him. Brittany kept herself still as Coyote placed a hand on her chin pulling her towards his face and stared as he kissed her on the lips. She stiffened feeling where his other hand went and realized what he wanted from her. 

Raya stood in the living room as Michael came in the house and saw him frowned seeing Sam lying on the couch groaning of pain. Tina came in from the front door and gasped seeing Sam who sat up seeing her. 
Raya spoke “Michael, escort Sam upstairs alone and stay with him just for the night. Call me if he needs any medical attention. I’ll be sleeping in the guest bedroom.”
Michael obeyed pulling Sam off the couch who stared at Tina as he was pulled up the stairs. 
Once the boys were out of earshot, Raya spoke “Tina, trust me when I say please lock your door to your bedroom and don’t come out till morning.” 
She saw Tina give her a confused look but nodded her head and went upstairs. 

Michael sat in the armchair in Sam’s room staring at Sam lying groaning on the bed with his eyes closed. He heard him give out a sharp groan and stood up as Sam opened his eyes. Michael put a hand on his mouth refraining himself from gasping out loud when he saw Sam’s eyes were a like a wolf’s golden yellow eyes as the teen shifted form into a grey wolf that shook its head before resuming its human position. Michael stared at Sam who closed his eyes and went still. He listened to Sam’s breathing and heard him breathing deeply as if he was asleep. Then Michael tiptoed towards the arm chair and sat staring at Sam sleeping on the bed with a frown. 

Morning shined rays of light from the sun as Brittany sat up from the bed with the sheet covering her. She stared at Coyote lying next to her sheet covering him from the chest down with his arms at the sides over it. Frowning Brittany looked at the side of the bed to see her clothes sprawled lying on the floor next to it. She got up picking up her clothes putting them on while staring at Coyote’s sleeping form. Brittany heard a small knock on the door and went to it opening it to face Longbow who stood with arms folded. 
Brittany folded her arms and spoke “What do you want Longbow?”
Longbow she saw leaned towards her appearing to sniff and he spoke “You reek of the Hunter, Brittany. Go take a shower.” 
Brittany repeated her question “What do you want Longbow?”
Longbow spoke “Nothing, just checking up on the Hunter’s status.”
She frowned as he bent to pick up a large canvas bag which he thrust at her while speaking “Something for the Hunter when he awakes. I’ll be calling for a meeting soon. I expect the Hunter healed enough to leave for the house by the time of the meeting. If he wants further medical attention, he’ll have to get it at the house.” 
Brittany nodded her head and entered the cabin carrying the canvas bag slamming the door behind her. She went to the kitchen with a frown while looking at Coyote jerking in his sleep. 

Coyote jerked his Human eyes awake as awareness filled his senses with a new feeling. He stared in the darkness of the cabin unseeing the contents and sat up hearing noises feeling disorient of his surroundings. Coyote groaned shaking his head. 
He heard Brittany’s voice speaking as it got nearer to him “Good your up, Coyote, here eat.” 
He felt a tray placed on his lap and stared unseeing her in the darkness as he felt food on a fork touch his mouth which he opened letting in the food. 
Coyote spoke after finishing the food “Daniel shot me from behind.” 
He heard Brittany gasp and added “I wasn’t unconscious as I lay on the ground with my eyes closed. I heard every word said and felt you dragging me into your cabin where I passed out.”
Coyote felt her put a cup full of liquid to his mouth which he drank drinking the whole contents. 
Once finished he continued speaking “The bullet wound, would you check it for me, Brittany? I don’t feel any pain.”
He felt the tray removed and heard a bang noise as it was set on the floor and sensed her hands touching his back. He sighed feeling her hands pull off the bandage on the right side of his back and felt her hands touch him rubbing the area. 
Coyote spoke “The bullet wound?”
He heard Brittany speak with a gasping tone “The bullet wound is all healed up with no scar.”
Coyote stared in the darkness as he realized what the awareness was and frowned.
He spoke “Interesting, I must have some Hunter healing power that healed me.” 
He heard Brittany say in his ear “I don’t know if the Hunter healing power like you said did that but it sure explains it. Are you well enough to get up and leave the cabin to the house? I think my work here is done.” 
Coyote spoke “I feel well enough and I want my clothes back.” 

The cabin door opened behind Longbow who turned around to see Brittany come out with Coyote. Longbow stood with arms folded among the wolves scattered in the clearing staring at Coyote with Daniel next to him. Longbow stiffened seeing Coyote’s Human eyes change to a wolf’s golden yellow eyes when seeing Daniel and looked at Brittany with a sharp look. He saw her look at him and he jerked his head at Coyote gesturing. Brittany he saw looked at Coyote and frowned seeing the Hunter’s eyes which blinked changing back to Human eyes that narrowed boring at Daniel. 
Longbow spoke “Take him to the house, Brittany.” 
He stood as Brittany took Coyote’s arm and pulled him out of the clearing. 

Chapter forty four
Night fallen, Longbow stood at the edge of the clearing surrounding the house watching the back door. He stiffened as a figure with a flashlight, light came out of the house and stood on the porch. Longbow moved himself behind a tree and peered out as the flashlight holder walked towards him hiding in the darkness making a straight beeline. He stood behind the tree as the light got nearer and walked around the tree. 
Longbow blinked his eyes of the flashlight glare and spoke loudly “Just as I suspected. I saw the way you walked towards me hiding in the darkness which shows that you can detect Amula.” 
He heard a gun weapon cock and added “You know who shot you. I’ll tell you Jojo brought Daniel to a healer after finding him in an easily detected by Amula, trap while complaining of a bad headache, which I examined. I saw your eyes change when you saw Daniel after leaving Brittany’s cabin. It appears that Daniel lost something when he shot you which you gained, Coyote.”
Longbow blinked his eyes as the flashlight lowered itself followed by the gun clicking sound and stared at Coyote with a glare on his face. 
Coyote spoke with anger in his voice “You will tell the others to not to harm Sam or Brittany.” 
Longbow spoke “Or you as well, I’ll be sure to do that tomorrow in the morning.” 
Longbow stared at Coyote who pointed a pointer finger at him and left him walking towards the house. 

Chapter forty four

Coyote walked in the forest as the sun shined its rays of light. His awareness feeling told him that Amula were in the forest hiding and watching him. He went around a tree and stood hearing a sound of a person walking in the forest. Coyote stalked the person silently and waited around a tree peering. His eyes narrowed seeing Daniel walking in the forest towards him unseeing him. Coyote waited as Daniel went around the tree he was hiding and struck grabbing the male by the throat with one hand. He thrust a struggling Daniel’s back onto a tree and lifted the male up off his feet above him. Coyote brought his fisted left hand into Daniel’s stomach hard that groaned loudly and stopped struggling. He let go of Daniel’s throat that fell onto a lying position on the ground groaning loudly. Coyote walked away further into the forest and reached a clearing. His awareness feeling told him Amula was in the bushes surrounding him. 
Coyote spoke “Come out, I’m not armed.” 
The bushes rumbled around him as wolves came out growling and snapping their teeth. He stood with hands fisted as he heard a loud howling sound and saw the wolves turn around running into the bushes leaving him alone. 

Sam came out of his bedroom followed by Michael. They went down the stairs. 
At the bottom Sam turned around and spoke “Tina, you skin walked.” 
Michael seeing Tina at the top of the stairs grabbed Nanook by the collar and held the dog as Tina’s form changed into a wolf then changed back to her Human form. The Trio went in the kitchen and froze seeing Claire Patricoly sitting at the table who looked at them with a confused look. 
Raya at the stove spoke “Claire, this is Michael, Tina and Sam. Their one of us and is staying with George.”
The trio raised their hands at the sound of their names. They stiffened seeing Claire’s eyes turn golden yellow wolf like then blinked back to Human eyes with no recognition in them aimed at them.
Claire got up and spoke “I want to see my brother.” 
Raya spoke with back to them “Go ahead, Claire, but remember drinking means no driving.” 
Claire spoke “I understand, Raya.” 
She left the kitchen without a glance at the Trio. They saw her form outside the window walking into the forest. 
Raya turned around to look at the Trio and spoke “Michael take Tina outside and introduce her to the Pack Leader.” 
Michael nodded his head and left the kitchen with Tina behind him. Sam went to the table and sat staring out the window. He saw Michael outside whispering in Tina’s ear and saw her nod her head as they both change forms into wolves which bounded into the forest. Sam sighed loudly. 

Longbow stood in front of Brittany’s cabin as wolves arrived along with Lone Eagle hauling a groaning Daniel. 
One of the wolves changed form to Jojo who exclaimed “Daniel!”
Daniel fell to his knees and laid on the ground with hand on his stomach groaning loudly as Jojo ran to him and kneeled next to him. 
Longbow stared at Lone Eagle who spoke “The Hunter ambushed him, I saw. He grabbed Daniel by the throat putting his back onto a tree, lifting him up above him and punched him in the stomach.” 
Longbow spoke “Daniel, change your form now.” 
Daniel obeyed changing into a black wolf lying on its side. 
Longbow added “Now change it back.” 
He stood as Daniel changed form and continued “How are your senses?”
Daniel stared at him and spoke in a groaning tone “Their fine.” 
Longbow spoke with sarcasm “Oh really? Case number one, you walked into a snare trap in your wolf form that was reeking, easily detected by Amula. I know this because I used the wolf form and I could smell the trap the same distance as the clearing. Case number two, Jojo told me that you acted like you didn’t detect her while howling away when she came upon you from behind in a Human form. Case number three, your still on the ground groaning from the Hunter’s punch which I know won’t bring down Amula.”
Longbow paused as he heard murmuring among the wolves and continued speaking “Last night I stood outside my Father’s house hidden in the darkness behind a tree as the Hunter came out with his gun. The Hunter made a beeline towards me, like he could detect me a trait Amula has-“
Lone Eagle interrupted “Oh no. Several of us saw the Hunter attack Daniel and were hidden in the bushes surrounding him when he said ‘Come out, I’m not armed.'"
Longbow stared at Lone Eagle then turned his head to look at Brittany and spoke “Brittany, you and I saw the Hunter’s eyes when he came out of your cabin. They were like Amula in their wolf form and you weren’t surprised to see that.” 
Brittany spoke “After I pulled him inside I examined his back for the bullet. I found it sticking out of his skin an Amula healing trait which I took out. Then during the night I saw his eyes which were like Amula and he sort of you know.” 
Longbow nodded his head as she trailed off. 
Brittany continued “I checked his back that morning and discovered the bullet wound was completely healed with no scar.” 
Longbow spoke over the din of murmuring wolves “Appears there’s a price tag for shooting the Hunter, wouldn’t you agree Daniel?”
He stared at Daniel who groaned out “I agree.” 
Longbow spoke “No one hurts the Hunter, Brittany or their son without my say so. Not until we figure out what’s happening to Daniel and the Hunter himself. You all get my meaning?”
He paused as he heard agreements from the wolves before ordering the scatter order and gave Jojo a glare while gesturing towards Daniel to see her whispering in the male's ear before both shifted forms into wolves and darted away into the forest out of sight followed by other wolves and some scattering elsewhere. He ignored Brittany and walked into the forest sensing her following to his annoyance. 
He heard from Brittany abruptly "George Patricoly gave the Hunter a gun weapon he claims is set to his hunting standards." 
Longbow turned to glare at Brittany who ignored the glare and kept talking "That's how he acquired the gun he had in his hands he was threatening to shoot you and whoever here. Besides George didn't deny the gun giving to Coyote in the presences of the kids, myself and Raya who all heard that claim." 
Longbow spoke in response finding himself needing to question Raya "Scatter Brittany and leave me alone while I go check on this gun giving bit you're talking about, myself." 
He gave her a glare who without a word changed into a white wolf and darted away which he went to the house and entered it finding Raya coming out of the kitchen holding Coyote's gun weapon in her hand along with a box by handle appearing to be of metal and speaking seeing him "Depose these in the dumpster outside. Your father claims he had this gun ordered for Coyote set for his hunting standards which he said it in my presence of myself, Brittany and the kids, Sam, Michael and Tina."
Longbow frowned as the front door banged as he took the gun and box seeing her go back into the kitchen which he went to the front door to meet Coyote on the way who gave him a glare and spoke "The gun and box I want them back now."
He heard the firmness of Coyote's voice tone obeyed to watch Coyote go into the sun room which he followed watching the male put the gun on a hook on the wall high above from standing on a chair in tiptoes after slamming the box down onto a table then stood with arms folded giving him a glaring stare of accusation in his eyes. Longbow grimaced inwardly and without a word walked out of the house changing form into a wolf traveling into the forest to meet others in their wolf forms gathered around Brittany's cabin area talk he eavesdropped about Coyote and the gun which he sat listening for awhile sensing that the wolves wanted to talk about the situation despite them knowing that he was eavesdropping onto them and knowing that he was their Pack Leader despite hearing them mentioning wording in his presence during their talk he ignored continuing to listen till a white wolf came into view which he shifted form to resume his spot in front of Brittany's cabin to find the white wolf changing into Brittany who stood next to him and didn't comment a response as he gave up the summoning howl sound loudly despite using the Human form due to knowing that wolves would hear it due to some mental mind link to him would compel them to arrive to his location.

Chapter forty five

Lone Eagle came into the clearing where Longbow stood with Brittany and other wolves. 
Jojo change her form to a Human after seeing the limp black wolf held in Lone Eagle’s arms exclaimed “No, Daniel!”
Lone Eagle set the black wolf down on the ground as Jojo ran towards the wolf throwing her form on it weeping away. Longbow folded his arms with a glare on his face as Brittany frown standing next to him.
Lone Eagle spoke “I heard Daniel in wolf form howling the distress call. I in a wolf form came around a tree near him to hear the Hunter say in a loud clear voice ‘You’ll pay for what you did to me.’ I arrived just in time to see the Hunter with his gun pull the trigger shooting Daniel who was caught in cage trap, in the head killing him before walking away. I managed to get Daniel out due to suspecting that the cage trap was set by those State Troopers who'll come check on it.” 
The wolves around Longbow growled angrily hearing Lone Eagle’s words. 
Longbow yelled “Silence!”
The wolves went silent eyes on Longbow as Brittany spoke “Coyote hasn’t been the same since Daniel shot him. Believe me, I know.” 
Longbow shot her a sharp look and paced thinking. 

Raya stood in the kitchen cooking at the stove when she heard the phone ringing. 
She went to the phone and answered “Raya Ioniel-“
She was cut off when she heard her daughter’s voice tearfully on the line speak “The Hunter killed Daniel.” 
Raya hung up the phone and looked out the window to see a line of wolves standing at the edge of the forest. A wolf separated from them and changed form to reveal a frowning Longbow. 

Longbow stood facing the house and spoke “Michael, come with me.” 
A wolf separated from the others changing form to reveal Michael who followed Longbow into the house. Longbow stared at the sun room and looked above him to see the familiar rifle hung on the hook. The two entered the living room to see Grandfather seeing them shut the TV with a remote. 
Longbow spoke “Father, where’s Coyote?”
They heard the sound of the front door banging closed.
Grandfather answered “Outside on the front porch.” 
Longbow spoke “Michael, keep Sam from interfering no matter what happens between Coyote and I.” 
Michael nodded his head.

Coyote stood on the front porch with his arms folded as he heard the door bang closed behind him followed by steps. He felt the familiar awareness feeling and placed a hand on his forehead groaning softly. 
He felt a hand on his arm and lowered his hand looking at Sam who gasped out “Dad, your eyes.” 
Coyote looked away speaking in an angry tone “I know of it, Sam.” 
The door to the house opened as Coyote and Sam looked to see Longbow come out with Michael. 
Longbow spoke “I want to talk to Coyote alone.”
Coyote ordered in an angry tone “Sam, go with Michael.” 
Sam rubbed his arm and went into the house followed by Michael. The front door banged closed behind them. 
Longbow he saw went to stand next to him, spoke “You’re angry.”
Coyote turned his head away to look at the forest of trees bordering the house with his arms folded. 
He heard Longbow continued speaking “Brittany told me, you haven’t been the same since Daniel shot you. I should tell you Daniel lost his ability to detect Amula along with his wolf senses.”
Coyote looked at Longbow with a glare on his face growling loudly as the male paused to fold his arms and added “The ability and the senses transferred to you. You’re angry about that which caused you to kill Daniel. Your words heard before you shot him were ‘You’ll pay for what you did to me.’”
Coyote lowered his arms eyes narrowed growling louder while glaring at Longbow who lowered his arms. 
Longbow spoke “Why fight it? Embrace the senses, for your one of us now.” 
Coyote felt his control snap as his hands shot out grabbing Longbow by the shirt raising him up and threw the man towards the house. Longbow’s back hit the house wall. 
Coyote advanced towards Longbow growling loudly as the male shook his head and spoke “Stop fighting it, Coyote. The senses are there to stay.” 
Coyote roared some growling sound grabbing Longbow with one hand on his neck raising him up above him. 
Coyote snarled as Longbow gagged out with hands on his arm “You can’t fight the senses forever. Sooner or later, you’ll accept it.”
Coyote brought his fist into Longbow’s stomach repeatedly punching him while growling angry. He heard the front door open followed by running footsteps and felt hands grabbed his punching hand. 
Coyote shook at the hands which kept an ironclad grip as he heard Brittany’s angry voice speaking “Stop it, Coyote! Let him go now!”
Coyote released Longbow who landed on the porch deck on his back groaning loudly. Coyote felt himself pulled down the porch steps by Brittany who took him speed walking through the forest till they reached the fence of the horse coral. Coyote looked at Brittany who let go of his hand and she hugged his form. He sighed feeling her arms around him with her form pressed into his front and he closed his eyes letting himself calm down. He rubbed his chin on the side of her head.
He heard her speak “You’ve changed ever since you shot Belen. You haven’t been the same since the shooting.”
Coyote spoke “I had a life with plans before that happened.” 
He sensed Brittany put her hands on his cheeks and opened his eyes to stare at her eyes. 
Brittany spoke “Yes, I know.” 
He heard growling sounds to see multiple wolves come into sight growling and snapping their jaws aimed at them. 
Coyote frowned as Brittany spoke loudly "Leave him alone!"
He heard unexpectedly "I didn't say that you could attack the Hunter in retaliation against him hurting me. I'm fine as expected from the punching so scatter and leave." 
He eyed Longbow standing nearby with arms folded as he eyed the wolves who didn't give a protest instead scattered into the forest as the male pointed a finger aimed at him and added "You'll accept us Amula one of these days, Hunter mark my words. That oath I don't care how will come true period even if I have to be the hand of doing it." 
Coyote felt Brittany's hands on his arms restraining him as Longbow changed into a wolf and bounded away which he spoke loudly "Screw Longbow and his oath!"
He felt Brittany hug him unexpectedly in response despite his mood as he sighed from the feel of her body pressing into his front and clamped his mouth shut to shut his eyes willing himself to relax from her hugging him. He kept himself relaxed enough as Brittany continued to hug him as his senses of Amula spying on them blared unexpectedly but ignored the feeling to let her hug him as he leaned the side of his chin on her head and sighing softly. 

Chapter forty six December/January 2003

Coyote walked into the forest of the night in the snow with gun in his hand. He paused to adjust the strap of his backpack wrapped on his back. He stood as the sky lit up with firelight illuminating the forest. Coyote looked up to see the sky full of fire along with shaking and booming noises. He frowned staring at the sky and as a tree tipped forward falling towards him. Coyote ran as the mess of tree branches landed onto him pining him onto the ground on his side. He groaned loudly as white smoke arrived through out the clearing blinding him followed by intense pressure pushing him into the ground. Coyote shook his head struggling to stay awake from the air that went thin. His eyes sight went blurry as blackness over took him. 

The sun shined as Longbow walked in the forest among the snow looking among trees that lay lying on their sides on the ground. He paused when he sensed something behind him and spun around with long knife ready. Longbow lowered the knife to face Nanook that whined wagging her tail. 
He sighed out “Nanook, where have you been, you silly dog?” 
Nanook walked up to him and with her mouth grabbed a fold of loose clothing and proceeded to pull him. Longbow allowed her to pull him through the forest till they reached a tree lying on the sides. Nanook let go of Longbow and pawed the tree branches barking excitedly. Longbow pulled apart the tree branches and stiffened seeing Coyote’s form lying there unconscious. He stood up and howled the summons call. Longbow waited as Nanook pawed the tree branches barking excitedly as wolves arrived. One of the wolves changed form to reveal Michael wearing animal skin clothing like Longbow who pulled out a rope and tied it around Nanook’s neck. 
Longbow spoke as he yanked up some of the tree branches revealing Coyote “Help the Hunter, and he won’t be so eager to kill one of us.”

Brittany wearing animal skin clothing stood with Sam wearing identical clothing among the teepees and huts as wolves and men arrived carrying a figure on as make shift stretcher. She gasped seeing it was Coyote and frowned putting a hand on Sam’s shoulder that swung his long blonde hair out of his face to look at her. The two watched as the men brought Coyote into a hut and came out. 
She frowned seeing Longbow walk up to her speaking “Nanook found him and pointed him to me. I’ll help him from death but the rest is up to you and him.” 
She stood with arms folded as Longbow went into the hut. 

Coyote stood on the middle of a bridge staring at a misty wall of clouds facing him at the end of the bridge. He turned to his side and looked at his reflection on the water. He saw wolf’s golden eyes where Human eyes were stared at him from his reflection as he sensed a presence and looked to see Longbow on the opposite side of the bridge. Snow fell lightly coating the ground behind Longbow staring at him with identical eyes.
Longbow spoke “What about Brittany and your son?”
Coyote stared at Longbow who held up a hand and frowned. He looked at the water then slowly walked towards Longbow and reaching the man he gripped his hand. Coyote allowed himself pulled off the bridge as blackness arrived. 

Longbow came out of the hut as night fell and he walked up to Brittany standing watching him. 
Longbow spoke “I’ve done what I can. Now it’s your turn, Brittany. Go to him and do what you have to do.” 

Brittany nodded her head walking away entering the hut. She stood staring at Coyote’s form lying on the animal skin covered ground with a blanket over him. Brittany sighed and got to work. 

Coyote felt an urge and jerked his eyes open unseeing in the darkness. He heard a gasp sound as he sensed a female presence and reached for her. Hands touched his arms as he reached for her face bringing his lips to hers and pulled her down towards him. 
Coyote spoke recognizing the female form as he broke of the kiss “Brittany.”
He heard her speak “Coyote.” 
 
The light of the sun shined showing a new day. Coyote lay on his side eyes closed as light shined through an opening on top of the hut. He felt fur in his arms and opened his eyes with a jerk to face a snout. Coyote stared at the features of the white wolf with recognition on his face. He removed his arm to lie on his back as the wolf lifted its head and changed form to Brittany. Coyote stared at where he was inside a hut with a frown. His eyes eyed the gun lying on a hook on the hut’s wall then his eyes went to Brittany staring at him. He sat up with long blonde hair around his face as she sat up and felt her hand on his shoulder. Coyote placed a hand on hers as she rubbed his cheek with her other hand. He sighed loudly as he sensed her let go and watched her lean over to pick up folded animal skin clothing with shoe moccasins which she placed on his lap. 
Coyote spoke “I’ll need food and drink, Brittany.”
He saw Brittany nod her head then watched her get up walking naked to a set of folded clothing and shoe moccasins which he saw her put on her form then continue to stare at her putting her hair back in a braid. He frowned as she left the hut swishing the blanket behind her. He sighed loudly. 

Sam stood outside watching the hut where his parents were and watched as his Mother came out pushing aside the cloth hanging in the hut doorway dressed in animal skin clothing. 
She walked through the snow lying on the ground towards him as he spoke “Mom, about Father?”
Brittany reaching him hugged him and spoke “He’ll be alright.” 

Inside the hut Coyote stared at the gun hanging on the hook while dressed in the animal skin clothing. He staring at the gun pulled his blonde hair back and braided a low braid which he tied with a string. He stood up and walked towards the gun. He reached it as Longbow arrived into the hut with Brittany behind him carrying a cup and a bowl. They stood watching him as he fiddled with the gun hearing a click sound as he yanked the bullet out of it. He bent down towards his back pack riffling through it. He pulled out a metal box and opened it to place the bullet into it among other bullets then straightened up to stare at Longbow with Brittany behind him. Coyote with a frown on his face stared as Brittany wordlessly stepped forwards and handed him the bowl which he took. He went to sit on a bench made out of sticks standing next to him. Coyote ate the food ravenously with Brittany sitting on the bench next to him as Longbow stood watching with arms folded. Once done he handed the bowl to Brittany who handed it to Longbow and she handed him the cup which he gulped down. He tossed the cup to Longbow who caught it and watched him leave the hut as he leaned back against the wall. He felt Brittany’s hand touch his cheek which he closed his eyes pushing his face into her hand. He felt her arm go around him followed by her forehead touching the side of his face in place of her hand. Coyote sighed as his hand touched Brittany’s hand touching his leg which he gripped. 

"That's enough of that story due to that its nighttime now!" said Jason with his golden Human eyes glaring at the humanoids with identical Human like golden eyes dubbed themselves Hayu gathered around an eater light that was giving off warmth and surrounded by rocks around it with dirt ground and logs as Brianna called them. 
He heard multiple groaning noises from the offsprings of the Hayu as he added "You Hayu were all over the place with various points of views leaving me annoyed. Plus what's with the weird wording rhyming with it and duck anyway? Can't you focus onto one point of view and use language I could get it what your point is?"
He glared at the Hayu's leader a male with long white hair with identical golden eyes while wearing all white colored gonoid skin clothing Brianna dubbed them animal and the color white while Hayu dubbed him by the name of Nikolas who shrugged in response before the male spoke "Offsprings its time for you to go to bed and get some sleep which is a must for Hayu and manoids to have so move it now."
Jason folded his black covered arms and gloves of his black outfit skin suit with a jacket attached and gloves attached to the sleeves while giving multiple groaning offspring a glare as they each got up and went into huts some following each other and some following an adult Hayu. He stretched out his legs stiff from sitting so long on the log listening to Hayu adults telling their story of what they dreamed about while asleep and felt a hand on his shoulder which he looked to see a female Humanoid with twin eyes as his while wearing an all blue dress draped onto her form and having long black hair he on introduction was dubbed Brianna who claimed to him that his facial appearance was twin to a male humanoid hybrid of gonoid species she had as a mate named Eric and had always stuck close to him as his declared by the Hayu said mate wherever he went around their camp and the surrounding forest for various duties involving hunting for food and gathering eater food for eaters to eat on when it involved cooking the food over them including warmth and light to see at nighttime. 
Jason exhaled a breath and eyed Brianna who spoke "Well the wording rhyming with it and duck back where I came from are not appropriate for offsprings to hear and considered really bad language words for people to use."
He heard Nikolas groan loudly which he eyed who without a comment towards him got up and walked away which he saw him going into a hut. 
He resumed eyeing Brianna who added "Which reminds me its time for you, Jason to go into our hut for sleeping which I believe you need the rest period." 
Jason shrugged off Brianna's hand off his shoulder and got up groaning loudly while unfolding his arms stretching them above his head along with thrusting out his sword weapon hidden in a pocket in his left arm to grip it in his left hand as Brianna said after seeing him flaunt that weapon around the Hayu in their camp for cutting up captured dead gonoids for eating along with chopping branches found on the ground into pieces for the eater to eat. He heard a familiar noise from Brianna who earlier told him it involved her throat clearing itself which was a Human trait for Humans to use whenever getting people's attention as he looked at her to see a glare on her face and saw her jab a finger in a direction towards their hut he saw where she aimed it at. 
He exhaled a breath and flicked his wrist getting his sword back into his arm and without a word towards Brianna made a beeline towards the hut she pointed at only to get her hand grabbing his right hand and yanking him towards another hut while he heard her grumbling loudly "Can't tell which hut is ours despite the differences of the tree barks on them designed as always." 
He groaned loudly as she stopped her grumbling and got him inside their hut which he eyed her with night vision of yellow while kneeling on the fur covered ground as Brianna stood in front of him removing her dress showing her clad in some tight fitting clothes covering her sensitive parts. 
He frowned eyeing Brianna while feeling the urge to mate hit him as she spoke while removing her clothes and shoes baring herself to him "That word rhyming with duck is also another word for mating which I'm not kidding on that so lie down and be pleasured. I'm in the mood and I don't give a care if your not." 
Jason didn't give out a protest lied his form down and eyed Brianna while thinking to himself "At least I'm getting what I've been seeking."
He kept his eyes open while eyeing Brianna due to pretty sure he knew what she had in mind with her wording and clothes removal feeling himself fine with what she had in mind towards him.

The End.
