








a WOLF AFFAIR
[Book One of a Wolf Affair Trilogy]

by
Eileen Sheehan
 

Other Books by Eileen Sheehan and her author names
[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE
GHOST LOVE
SISTERS

Dark Escape Duo
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)

Tugurlan Chronicles
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK TWO

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
a  WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

The Adventures of Vickie Anderson
Vickie: Doctor by day. Zombie hunter by  night (Book 1)
Vickie: Doctor by day. Werewolf hunter by night (Book 2)
Vickie: Doctor by day. Ghost hunter by night (Book 3)
Vickie: Doctor by day. Vampire medic by night (Book 4)

Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)
THE REGIME (Book 2)
CENTER LAND  (Book 3)

****

BOOKS BY AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]
LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****

BOOKS BY E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused

****

BOOKS BY LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF
Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI


 

Copyright 2018 Eileen Sheehan

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the Publisher, except for brief quotes for use in reviews. 

Worldwide Electronic, Digital, and Print Rights
Worldwide Language Rights
Worldwide audio rights

Earth Wise Books
ELECTRONIC EDITION

This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Note: Portions of this novel may prove too graphic, sexually explicit, or violent for the sensitive reader.  It is intended for mature readers.


Notice** This book contains a sneak peek of another great book by Eileen Sheehan at the end of this story.
 

Contents
Other Books by Eileen Sheehan
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty-Three
Twenty-Four
Twenty-Five
Twenty Six
 Epilogue
About the Author
A Sneak Peek at Vickie: Doctor by Day. Zombie Hunter by Night
 

One
I was approaching my sixteenth birthday when my father, Walter Cramby, walked out on my mother, Maryanne Cramby, and our lives were forever changed. My brother, Josh, was at the end of his thirteenth year.  
To add to my mother’s woes, she was laid off not long after that from her job as a fifth-grade school teacher in the suburbs of Detroit.  “Cut backs,” they said.
Fortunately, my mother was in possession of a recent, sizable inheritance from her grandmother who managed to survive her husband.  My grandparents were killed in a car accident when mom was in her teens.  My great grandmother finished raising her.   She was a spry old woman who we thought would never die.  In fact, we wondered if she might outlive us all.  Because of that inheritance, we weren’t destitute while she searched for work. 
Unfortunately, it took mom a while to get her act together to even look for employment.  She spent months sitting around feeling sorry for herself with a bottle of Jim Beam as her companion.  I was seventeen before mom pulled her head out of the bottle and things started to look like they might normalize.  
Whether it was because she needed a change in scenery or that she’d made a scary dent into the inheritance money that we’d been living on, I’m not sure, but she decided to move us to the small city in upstate New York where the little farm my grandparents had left her was located.  
She managed to secure a job in a nearby small-town teaching middle grade English and drama. Since our house was nestled in the hills outside of this ridiculously tiny city, the commute to it or the even smaller town was fairly close in drive time and miles.  I remember her smiling as she told me this little tidbit of information while declaring that we had the best of both worlds this way. 
I did my best to cooperate with her and not fuss overly much about the move, but it was difficult to leave my lifelong friends. To this day, I question if mom ever considered the impact dad’s leaving had on Josh and me.  
I don’t think she did.
Because she was employed there, Josh would be allowed to attend school in that small town rather than the small city.  My mother’s shocking excitement about this fact actually blinded her to the reaction she got from both Josh and me.  We weren’t inner city kids, but we weren’t small town either.  In fact, the nearby community that they deemed a mountain city wasn’t as large and the suburb community we’d come from.  
I’d already graduated, but Josh still had three years to go.  He just couldn’t believe he’d have to spend it in a school with a total enrollment for grades seven through twelve of two-hundred and fifty-one students  after attending a school that had nearly seventeen hundred students in grades nine through twelve.  
I couldn’t blame him for being unhappy.
Josh took our moving to the country better than I did, which surprised me since he’d always been the one to rebel and complain since birth.  
Since I was only seventeen when I graduated, I promised my mother I’d stay home with her for a year before I went off to college; if that’s what I decided to do.  I’d had my fill of school and was still debating about it.  Because of that promise, I had no choice but to make the move with them.  If the truth be known, I didn’t feel equipped to go out on my own quite yet, anyway.  I just wished she could have waited to make this move for one more year.
We moved into grandmother’s old estate house just one day after school let out for the summer.  We’d tripped over boxes being packed for a few months while mom decided what to pack up and move, what to sell, and what to give away to charity.
We ended up living out of suitcases for the last two weeks of school and slept on air mattresses since our household belongings headed east before us.  Mom wanted everything waiting for us when we arrived.  It was, but it wasn’t unpacked.  That took another week.
I was surprised at how much didn’t make it to the old farmhouse until I got to see inside of it and realized that it was already completely furnished with my grandmother’s belongings.  Needless to say, mom did more sorting, storing, selling, and donating for the better part of the summer until we eventually fit the house – or should I say the house eventually fit us?
I hated the fact that we’d moved from the hustle, bustle, and convenience of urban living to a mountain top set between a tiny city and a tiny town, but I loved the house and the grounds.  It was huge and had an air of grandeur.  
I’d expected an old farmhouse; which is what mom called it.  Instead, I set my eyes on an enormous white brick, two story estate house that was surrounded by bright red outbuildings and a red and white stable with neat wooden fenced pastures strategically placed on one-hundred-twenty-five acres of land that was surrounded by forest belonging to the state.    Even with the lack of grooming that occurred while the house sat empty, it looked majestic.
My bedroom was actually a suite that offered a sitting room along with an ensuite bathroom.  Large French doors opened onto my own private balcony.  The balcony was small, but it was all mine with the only access to it being through those French doors.  It was a far cry from the nine by fourteen-foot bedroom I occupied in a three-bedroom, one bath ranch on the one-hundred-fifty by one-hundred-foot lot we’d left behind.
There was even a swimming pool, although sorely neglected.  Mom didn’t think she’d be able to resurrect it that summer, but she promised to have it up and running for the following year.  Since it was cooler in the mountains of New York than in the suburbs of Chicago, I didn’t mind.  I wasn’t much for cold and wet.
Once I’d unpacked my things and done what I could to help mom, I found myself searching for something to do to occupy my time.  It was decided that we’d all relax and acclimate to our new surroundings over the summer.  Mom was insistent that I didn’t need to look for work during the year we’d agreed that I take off.  We had plenty of money and she’d also be adding to it with her job.  She expressed her appreciation for the way I stepped up to the challenge and cared for things while she drank herself silly and insisted I take the year to rest and enjoy life for a bit before I worried about what I’d do from there. 
The television cable company didn’t run that far out into the country and we’d yet to get a satellite installed.  This meant that the only television we had to watch was what we were able to pull in with an antenna and there was absolutely no internet to connect our computers to.  Mom purchased a mobile hotspot to hold us over, but she monitored the minutes like a hawk watching its prey.  Her only response to our complaints was to tell us that it was good for us to go without for a while.  We lived in a beautiful countryside and we should be out enjoying nature instead of being on snapchat or Instagram.
We’d been there for two weeks when three horses were delivered.   For the first time since I’d learned of the move, I was genuinely happy.  I’d been taking weekly riding lessons since I was ten and they were one of the things I missed the most.  Of course, taking a lesson once a week and having the horse on your property to care for on a daily basis were entirely different experiences, but I was undeterred by the responsibility that was given to me.  In fact, I was excited.
I took a few days to settle the horses in.  It turned out that they belonged to the estate, but were being boarded while the estate was empty.  They’d basically come home.  Therefore, it took minimal effort for them to settle back in. By day number three I was exploring the hills on horseback.
I felt happy and free.
 

Two
It turned out that the forest bordering our land was an animal reserve. Therefore, hunting wasn’t allowed; which made me feel mighty safe on horseback. They did, however, allow fishing in the large river that was located on the south end of the eighteen-hundred acres.  
I discovered hiking trails that were suitable for my horse and me to explore.  There were even occasional markings to indicate what part of the reserve we were in.  It was because of these markings, and my fear of getting lost being eliminated by those markings, that I ventured to the opposite side of the forest.
There was a large farm in a high valley on the northeast edge of the state land.  It looked to be in good repair, but, whenever I rode that way, I saw no signs of life.  Of course, I didn’t go onto the property. I stayed on the edge of the tree line and looked down at it. 
The house was a typical two-story farmhouse. I’m not an expert on architecture, but I did take enough classes in school to deduce that the house was probably built around the turn of the century. It was what I’d expected our house to be like.  
There were several weathered outbuildings and a weathered barn that looked like it housed cows at one time. Although not in as pristine a condition as our place was, it still looked well kept.  Just not lived in.
With summer in full swing, the days were getting longer and longer.  This meant that I was out riding later and later. It wasn’t until the walls of my stomach were rubbing together with such force that I stopped to check the time and realized that I’d been out all day.  I’d missed lunch and supper.   I was on the edge of the tree line looking down at the empty farm when I had the   presence of mind to check the position of the sun.  If I wasn’t careful, I’d be stuck in the forest when the sun went down.
My gelding’s name was Roger.  It wasn’t a name that I would have given him, but it was the name that he came with and that he responded to, so I didn’t change it.  Roger was jet black with a white star on his forehead.  He stood sixteen and a half hands high with powerful, well-defined flanks.  Had he been human, he would have easily been taken for a body builder.  
I rode Roger as much as I could, but, since horses weren’t Josh’s thing and mom was too busy settling us in and preparing for her new job, I was expected to exercise the other two horses as well. Daisy was a sweet tempered, fifteen hand dapple grey, and Peter was a smooth gaited chestnut gelding who matched Daisy perfectly in height and build.  
Only Roger stood out; not just because of his size and coloring, but because of his badass attitude.  Almost anyone could ride Daisy or Peter.  Only the brave and experienced dared climb on Roger’s back.  Since life had slowed down to less than boring, the little bit of challenge Roger offered just made him all the more appealing to me.
Since I was starving and had lost track of time, I decided to take a more direct route back home.  It would mean that we’d have to go off the trails.  This was something we’d never done before. I wasn’t sure about the terrain or if there were markers off the trails, but I knew it would cut our journey home in half.
Not knowing what to expect by cutting through the forest, Roger wasn’t the ideal horse to be on, but there was nothing I could do. I’d rather ride a skittish horse over unfamiliar terrain than be stuck riding him through the woods after dark. Trail or no trail, that was a recipe for disaster.
We’d been picking our way through the maze of trees for about ten minutes when I caught sight of something dark moving in sync with us to our left.  Almost simultaneously, Roger danced around while tossing his head as if to escape the bit. Grateful that I was riding western and not English, I clung to the saddle horn to keep from losing my balance as I looked down at the compost floor that consisted of soggy, dead leaves and fallen branches.   
It took focus and determination to bring Roger around to a calmer, steadier state of mind. When I felt confident that he was finally under control, I looked around to see just what it was that was stalking us, but it was gone.  
I felt nervous and vulnerable.  I wanted to get out of there in case it came back or something new showed up, so I urged Roger forward at a slightly quicker pace than we’d been keeping.
The sun set over the mountain ridge about five minutes before we reached my home.  I made sure that Roger was brushed down and the tack was properly put away before I headed into the house to tend to my own body’s needs.
I found my mother pacing the hedge enclosed patio.  She’d called the Mastersons, a newlywed couple who lived about one-half mile down the road in a small cottage, to ask if they’d seen me.  Hearing how distraught she was, they decided to keep her company while she worried and waited for me to come home.
I couldn’t remember when I’d heard so much fear in my mother’s voice. “Mary Jane Cramby… You’ve been gone all day!  On Roger, no less.  He’s too unpredictable to be on for that long.  I was getting ready to tack up a horse and come looking for you.  Where’s your cell phone?”
Since the calls and texts from my so-called friends back home had dwindled to the point of almost never and our plan had limited wi-fi, which made it difficult to connect via social media, I’d stopped bothering with the telephone and left it on my nightstand most of the time.
I explained this to her with as much courtesy as I could muster, considering I felt like I’d been ambushed as soon as I’d put one foot on the patio’s flagstone.  There was also the fact that she’d used my full name.  She knew better than anyone how much I hated my name.  I introduced myself to the world as Missy; the nick name given to me by Josh when he was only three years old. It was a silly name, but it beat Mary Jane, hands down.
As tempers died down and moods lightened.  I was excused to go to the kitchen and dive into the baked chicken and mashed potato meal she’d kept warm for me. It was the perfect meal to finish the day I’d had.  It was filling to satisfy my hunger and comforting to ease my nerves after the stressful ride home and the greeting that followed.
I was tired from a day on horseback and I still had to go to the barn to do the night feeding, but I couldn’t resist the light laughter that floated in through the open windows, so I went back out to join mom and the Mastersons for a little while.  
“You know, Missy” Lila Masterson’s eyes sparkled knowingly as she addressed me correctly and said in a soft tone, “it was more than just the fact that you were riding an unpredictable horse. I’ve seen you ride and have no doubt that you can handle anything you put a saddle on. It’s just that there are predators in the forest.”
“Like what?” I asked as I remembered the dark figure that was stalking me.
“Like wolves for one,” Lila said.
“And bears,” her husband, Bruce, added.
“Seriously?” I said with knitted brow. “I haven’t seen anything but deer, rabbits and a few ducks.”
That wasn’t exactly a lie since I’d only seen the dark figure in my peripheral vision and hadn’t gotten a good enough look at it to see what it was.  For all I knew, my eyes could have been playing tricks on me and it was nothing more than a young tree.
“Count yourself lucky,” Bruce said.
“I love to ride the trails,” I mused with disappointment.
“No one’s telling you not to, dear,” mom said gently.  “We’re just asking you to pay attention to the time and be out of there before dusk.”
“That’s when the mood of the place changes,” Lila said with a shudder.
I had to admit that she was right about that.  I could feel a type of eeriness permeating the woods, the later it got.  I was grateful that, by the time the sun set, I could see the open field and our barn.  Saying that I had the creeps was an understatement. Rather than admit this to them, I nodded and agreed to be more careful; as well as to remember to carry my cell phone with me.
As I headed to the barn to bed the horses down for the night, I took a moment to enjoy the brightness of the evening sky.  The moon was almost full.  In a few more days, it would be.  I stopped and stared at it while I remembered my younger years when my father and I would sit in the back lawn and admire the moon as it mingled with the stars.  He took a sketch pad outside with him at one point and drew the face he saw in the moon.  We framed it and I still had it hanging in my room.
The sound of Daisy neighing brought me back to the matter at hand and I scurried off. The sooner the horses were tended to, the sooner I could soak in a hot tub.
 

Three
My sleep that night was riddled with unsettling dreams. I’d wake up from one and, when I finally managed to get back to sleep, dive into another.  The dreams were both different and the same. They were different in the respect that I was in various locations. The sameness was in the fact that, no matter where I was or what I was doing, I ended up in the company of a very large wolf.  
In the first dream, I was riding Roger through the woods at dusk when a large black wolf with dark beady eyes came at me from out of nowhere. Roger reared up and I fell; hitting my head on a rock.  I remember the pounding of my heart as if it had really happened when the wolf began to lick the blood from my wounded head.  Something tall came up and the wolf craned its neck to look up at it.  I have no idea who or what it was because that’s when I woke up. 
In the next dream that I recall, I was walking through my old neighborhood in the Chicago suburbs with my two best friends, Cricket and Debbie.  It was night and the moon was full.  We stopped to search for the man in the moon when a wolf lept at us from seemingly nowhere and knocked Cricket down.  Debbie screamed her lungs out and ran away as fast as her long, slender legs would carry her, but not me.  I stood, frozen, while I watched in horror as the wolf disemboweled my friend.  It wasn’t until the wolf turned toward me with snarling teeth that dripped of blood, guts, and saliva that I saw its beady black eyes that I realized that it was the same wolf as in my first dream. 
I tried to scream for help as it slowly approached me. It got so close that I could smell the animal body odor it emitted, but, as hard as I tried, my vocal cords were mute.  Then, a white, blue eyed wolf appeared, and the wolves fought each other.  I managed to get my feet to move and I ran for my life.  I woke up sweaty and sore, as if I really had been running for my life.
I trembled from head to toe as I got up and went into the bathroom for a drink of water.  I looked out at the brilliant moon, remembered Cricket’s disemboweled corpse in the moonlight of my dream, and shuddered.  Thinking I needed something better than water to settle me down, I went to the kitchen and warmed a cup of milk in the microwave.  Hoping that the tryptophan that the warm milk offered would help me sleep like a baby, I headed back to bed.
I fell asleep quickly, only to have yet another dream about wolves.  This time I was on the patio of my new home.  I was stretched out on a lounge chair, enjoying my favorite snack of honey and goat cheese on a club cracker while looking at the moon and remembering sitting in the back yard with my father in my younger years with a telescope, when the white, blue eyed wolf sauntered up next to me. Its coat looked smooth, but it felt surprisingly coarse.  
This time, I wasn’t afraid.  In fact, I reached out and pet its head as I offered it a cracker.  It carefully took my offering from my hand before resting its head on my lap. It felt relaxing and right until I could feel the presence of something behind me. Whatever it was, it had to be tall because the wolf had to lift its head up high to look at it.  When the wolf snarled viciously at it, fear consumed me, and I woke up.
I found myself sweating and shaking after each dream.  I’d tell myself that I was dreaming about the wolf because of my conversation with Lila and Bruce in hopes of convincing my mind to stop the nightmares.  But they didn’t stop until I climbed out of bed the following morning.
“You look exhausted,” my mother said as I made my way to the coffee pot.  She watched me fill a mug with a curious look. “What’s wrong?”
“Why should anything be wrong?” I asked as I put the cup of steaming black, aromatic liquid to my lips and took a careful sip.
“You only drink coffee when something’s wrong.  Otherwise, you drink hot chocolate.  That’s why.”
“I’m developing a taste for coffee,” I said.  It was true, but she was right.  I preferred hot chocolate in the mornings.  I rested my elbows on the counter and, holding the hot mug with both hands, rested it against my forehead.  “I had bad dreams all night.  I couldn’t shake them.”
“I’m sorry, honey,” my mother said as she came over to me and rubbed my back. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“It’s nothing.  I just kept dreaming that a wolf was chasing me,” I said as I turned and leaned my back against the counter.  After sipping more coffee, I added, “It’s probably from Lila and Bruce telling me that the woods are full of wolves and bears.”
“They were only trying to keep you safe.”
“By telling me I could be eaten while riding my horse?”
She cocked her head and chuckled at my dramatic attitude.  “Did they say you’d be eaten?  I didn’t hear that.  I simply heard them tell you to be home by dusk or risk running into a wolf like Little Red Riding Hood.”
“Very funny, mom,” I grumbled as I took a seat at the kitchen table.
“Do you want some pancakes?” she asked, good naturedly, as she pulled out a griddle pan that was being stored in the oven and set it on the stove top. 
“I do,” Josh said as he scurried into the kitchen.  He looked at me and said, “You look like shit.”
“Joshua!” my mother barked. “Language.”
“Sorry,” he said with a smirk before turning to me and saying, “You look like hell.”
I heard my mother’s soft, throaty moan as she raised her eyes to the ceiling. 
“Can we have bacon too?” he asked as he helped himself to the orange juice in the refrigerator.
“Get a glass, you animal,” I mumbled as he opened the carton and raised it to his lips.
“Glass, son,” my mother said firmly just seconds before the carton would have touched his lips.  
He glowered at me as he reached into a nearby cupboard and pulled out a glass. “Happy?”
I simply smirked and sipped my coffee.
The smell of bacon filled the room and soon my stomach was awake and demanding sustenance.  Feeling a little more like myself, I got up and pulled some plates out of the cupboard and set the table.
We were cleaning up after a filling breakfast of bacon, eggs, and blueberry pancakes when Lila Masterson knocked on the sliding door leading to the patio we’d congregated on only the night before. 
Mom laughed as she beckoned her to come in while teasing her about becoming a back-door friend.  She explained that she’d walked over the fields from her little cottage to ours because it was shorter and that the back patio was the first thing she came to.
She wanted to invite us to a small picnic she was having that afternoon. Claiming that it was a last-minute decision to have it, she apologized for the lateness of the invite.
I didn’t want to join them at this picnic, but I saw no way out of it.  Feeling the strain of improper sleep and a constraint on my time with the horses, I planned out my day in my head while I listened to Lila and my mother talk about the picnic menu and the guest list.  
I decided that the exercise the horses would receive that day would be on the lunge line.  The up side of this was that it would take less time than riding, so I’d be able to work with all three horses.
My thoughts left the horses and I paid closer attention to the conversation in the room when Lila informed me that there would be a few picnickers attending who were my age.  I’d yet to meet anyone younger than thirty, so this was good news.
“I don’t know them well,” Lila explained. “Their parents golf with Bruce and his father.” She turned to Josh.  “If I’m not mistaken, one of them goes to the school you’ll be attending in the fall.”
“How nice.  You won’t feel like such a stranger on your first day of school, Josh,” my mother said with a warm smile before turning to me. “I’ll bet you’d welcome a little company your own age, right?” 
She was right - even if she was embarrassing me in front of the neighbor by exposing my loneliness- so I forced back the color that was rising in my cheeks, gave a small smile, and nodded my agreement before I excused myself to go tend to the horses.
I could hear Lila singing my praises about how dedicated and competent I was when it came to tending to my responsibilities as I exited the house to make my way across the patio toward the stable.  I smiled with satisfaction at how proud my mother sounded while agreeing with her.
 

Four
I’d never attended a last-minute picnic that was so put together.  There were about thirty adults in attendance, ranging from early thirties to late sixties.  I tried not to look obvious as I searched the crowd for someone my age. I also did my best to hide my disappointment when I found no one.
“I’m so sorry, Missy,” Lila said as she sauntered up next to me as I filled my plate with delicious smelling baked beans, barbequed ribs, potato salad, and ambrosia.  “I was told that Michael Jefferson’s two boys would be here. Their cousin is visiting, and they were supposed to bring her along.”
I shrugged my shoulders while trying to act nonchalant. “It’s fine.  I don’t mind.”  Since I was never happy when the attention was on me, I quickly changed the subject. “This food is great.  How’d you manage to pull it off on such short notice?”
“Truth?” she asked with a sly grin.  When I nodded she moved closer and whispered, “I had it catered.”
I looked at the table that was covered with a hodgepodge of dishes filled with the delicious food.  There wasn’t a take-out container in sight. “Did you transfer it into these dishes?” I asked.
“I did,” she said, “but don’t tell anyone, please.  You have no idea how tough it is for someone my age to keep up with these women.”
“You compete?” I asked with surprise.
She shrugged. “I guess so… no… maybe.  I don’t know. It’s just that I always feel so inadequate around them.  They seem so put together and capable and I feel like I’m struggling every day.”
“That’s crazy,” I said as I shoveled an enormous amount of beans into my mouth.
“No, it’s true. Take your mother, for instance,” Lila said. “The woman has been through hell and back, yet she’s got it so together. I haven’t gone through half of what your family has. I should be in better shape than you, not worse.”
Their home was modest, but it was well tended and tastefully decorated.  More than once, I’d noticed how fastidious and up to date Lila and Bruce always looked. They both had respectable jobs that they went to each day.  From where I stood, she looked completely together. I saw no signs of what she spoke of.  
I shrugged. “I think it’s all in your mind, Lila. First of all, I love my mom, but, believe me, she struggles just like the rest of us to keep it together. If you’d seen her last year, you wouldn’t have her on such a high pedestal.  As for the other women. Screw ‘em.  If you have to compete to fit in, then do you really want to fit in?” I could see she was growing uncomfortable by my words of wisdom, so I decided to exit her company before it got worse. “Speaking of mom.  I forgot to tell her about something that needs to be taken care of back home. I’d better do it now before I forget again.  Catch you later, okay?”
She nodded in silence as I scooted off in my mother’s direction.  
“Are you enjoying yourself, honey?” mom asked.
“The food’s pretty tasty,” I said as I gnawed on a rib.
She leaned closer and whispered. “I think it’s catered.  Not that I mind, but it’s so delicious that I’d like to know who catered it, so we could enjoy at home.”
I giggled, but, since Lila had told me in confidence, I didn’t think it was right to confirm my mother’s suspicions to her.  I just made a mental note to ask Lila at a later date where she got the food.
Feeling overly stuffed -as I rightfully should have after making several trips to the food table without any worry or regard as to how it might look to the other picnickers- I decided to go for a short walk. Since the sun was setting, I promised my mother that I’d stay away from the woods and simply walk around the fields.  After the horrific wolf dreams, I’d been plagued with the night before, I wasn’t eager to venture into the trees anytime soon, anyway.
The moon was only a day or two away from being full.  It shone so brilliantly that I didn’t even need to use the flashlight I’d borrowed from Lila and Bruce to appease my mother. 
My legs were the strongest part of my five-fee-eight-inch body.  I craved any type of activity that would challenge the muscles in my thighs and calves.  Walking through a field was one of those perfect exercises.  The uneven ground forced me to work muscles that would barely come to life on a smooth, flat sidewalk.
I was so engrossed in enjoying the beauty of my surroundings in the moonlight that I’d reached the tree line at the top of the field before I’d realized I’d walked that far.   I looked back at the Masterson’s house and then off to the right where the roof of my own house peeked over the edge of the rolling field.  The walk hadn’t been long enough to completely ease my stomach’s suffering from the food abuse I’d put it through and I just knew that my legs wouldn’t feel sufficiently exercised if I turned around and rejoined the picnic.   I decided to walk along the tree line until I was behind my house.  Then, I’d cut through the field to my home and take the road back to the picnic.  That should be a sufficient enough stretch for my legs.
I’d gotten to our property and was about to head towards my house when I saw the silhouette of a male off in the distance emerging from the tree line.  Had the moon not been so illuminating, I’d have missed him.  As it was, I made out his shape quite easily.
It was clear that he was walking toward me. 
My first instinct was to run home as fast as I could. In fact, I coiled my muscles in preparation to do just that.  I changed my mind at the last minute when he acknowledged me by waving his arm. It was too dark to see his features, but my mind instantly rationalized that he was probably one of the picnickers walking off an overstuff stomach like I was. True, he was a stranger and I was taught not to speak to strangers, but, since I was new to the area, everyone was basically a stranger. So, I waited for him to reach me.
The closer he got to me, the easier it was for me to see that he wasn’t one of Lila’s guests.  If he’d been at the picnic, I would have never left!
 Even with only the glow of the moon to illuminate our surroundings, I could see that he was a handsome and sexy young man in his early to mid- twenties.  He was about my height and lean, but I could see muscles beneath his form fitting tee shirt.  He had dark hair pulled back in a sleek, sexy que. It was in stark contrast to my dirty blonde mass of waves that I’d pulled back into a loose ponytail hour earlier and had neglected ever since.  He was in a tee shirt and jeans, but they looked fresh and new; not worn out and threadbare like the ones I had on.
I was grateful for the moonlight.  I felt soiled and unkempt next to him in lighting that barely allowed him visibility enough to see me. I would have had to crawl into the nearest hole had he produced a flashlight.
“Hey,” he said as he stopped just feet in front of me.  “You’re a surprise.”
“I was walking off dinner,” I explained nervously; while hoping I didn’t sound stupid.
He chuckled. “I was doing the same.  My name is Kenton.”
Having never encountered such a name, I asked, “Is that your first name or your last?”
“First, I’m afraid,” he sighed.  “One of those family tradition things.”
“And your last name?” 
“Walters.  Kenton Walters.”
“I’m Missy Cramby,” I said in return. 
“Cramby.  Are you the family that moved into the old Westinghouse estate?”  he asked. 
“It belonged to my great grandmother.  She left it to my mother.”
“Didn’t I see you riding a beautiful black horse through the woods yesterday?  It was about dusk,” he said as he struck a sexy pose by sliding one hand into his pocket and putting his weight on one leg. He completed the look by reaching down and grabbing a thick blade of grass and popping it into the corner of his mouth.
“Where were you?”
“I was too far away to hail you down. Besides, you looked to be in a hurry.  Not that I blame you.  The woods can seem creepy at night if you don’t know your way around.”
“Didn’t I just see you come out of there?” I asked suspiciously.
“You did,” he said with a nod. “I grew up in those woods, so to speak. I know them like I know my own body.  I often walk at night. I find it peaceful.”
“It’s state land, isn’t it?” I asked upon hearing that he’d grown up there.  He could have meant that he grew up enjoying them as I’d done since we moved there, but, for some reason, I took his statement literally.
From what I could tell in the moonlight, his face looked sad as he spoke. “It used to belong to my family. It was donated to the state as a game reserve about five years ago to appease a tax liability or something like that. My home borders it on the other side.”
“Is that the farm that looks abandoned?” I asked with excitement. After pondering over who that place belonged to so much that I’d almost become obsessed with it, it would be nice to finally solve the mystery.
“No, that’s the Jefferson place. I live southeast of here but my land borders theirs,” he said.
“Michael Jefferson?” I asked with interest.
“Do you know him?” he asked with surprise.
I shrugged. “He was invited to the picnic.”
“By you?” he asked.
I laughed at the obvious sound of jealous angst in his voice. “I’ve never met him. Apparently he has some sons around my age.  Lila Masterson just wanted me to meet some people my own age.”
“Well, you’ve met me now,” he said with a smile that made my knees go weak. “The picnic you were at was put on by the Mastersons, right?”
I nodded.
He tossed the blade of grass he’d been gnawing on to the ground.  “I should have come.”
“You were invited?” I said with surprise.
“I made up some lame excuse because I thought it would be full of uninteresting people,” he said.  “Had I known a pretty girl was going to be there, I’d have definitely gone.”
I could feel my face blushing. Before I could say anything in response to his complement, a wolf howled in the distance. 
“Sounds like the wolves are on the prowl.  I’d better head home before they come this way,” he said, hurriedly.  “It was nice to meet you, Missy.  I’ll catch you later.  The wolves rarely venture into the fields, but I’d hurry home all the same.  The moon tends to bring out a side of them that you normally wouldn’t see.”
After the nightmares I’d had the night before, I didn’t need to be told twice.  I quickly said goodbye and darted across the field toward my house.  I was thankful that there were no deep ruts or woodchuck holes in my path and that I made it home in one piece.
A wolf howled in the distance again just as I reached the patio. I pulled my cell phone from my back pocket and called my mother to tell her that I didn’t feel safe walking back to the picnic.  Since they’d heard the howls as well, she was eager to have me stay put.
 

Five
Surprisingly, I slept like a baby that night; for which I was grateful.  I attributed it to the busy day and strenuous walk I took; added to an already exhausted body. Whatever the reason, I was glad.
I spent the day caring for the horses and daydreaming about what it would be like to meet Kenton when I was looking my best.  Upon my mother’s request, I rode in the ring instead of on the trails.  I didn’t mind. Admittedly, I was a bit shaken by being so close to the tree line when the wolves howled.   
Think me a wimp if you want, but they don’t have wolves in Chicago and that howl was just plain scary.
Mom was a little out of sorts at dinner.   It wasn’t until we’d cleaned up and Josh went to his room to play on his Xbox that she asked me to sit with her on the patio.  She had something disturbing to share with me that she didn’t want Josh to hear.
Even if I was old enough to drink under the law, I never did acquire a taste for it.  Mom knew this, so I was surprised when she poured two glasses of white wine and handed one to me. 
When I accepted it with hesitation and a confused look, she said, “Trust me, you’ll want this.  If I had something stronger, it would be in that glass.  Believe me.”
I eased myself back into the patio chair and put the gold tinted liquid to my lips.  I wanted to drill her on what was going on, but, by the look on her face and her behavior at dinner, I knew my wait to find out wouldn’t be long.  I could see that she was working the words in her head before she spoke them, so I simply kept quiet and sipped the wine.   To deal with my impatience in waiting, I focused on the sensations the foreign beverage caused in my body; from the feel of it going down my throat to the sensation of mild euphoria once it had settled.
Seeing that I’d almost finished my glass, mom actually refilled it.  Now I was really curious – and worried- about what she was about to say.
“There has been a tragedy,” she began.  “A young woman was found in the woods behind our house this morning.  Her throat was ripped out.”
I’d noticed the police car at our house, but I thought it was a social call.  The chief of police was an old childhood friend of my mother’s from when she was a ward of my great grandmother.  “I saw Hap’s car here, but I thought he’d just come for coffee.”
“Not this time, honey.  He’s investigating the girl’s murder.”
“Who was she?  Do you know?” I asked; although, I don’t know why, since I didn’t know anyone except the Mastersons and the handsome Kenton from the night before.
“There are camping grounds attached to the reserve on the southeast side,” she explained. “She must have been hiking.”  Her brows knit together.  “Didn’t anyone warn her about the wolves?”
“And bears,” I reminded her.   I thought for a moment.  “When you say that Hap was investigating the girl’s murder, I thought it was a person who murdered her.  It was really an animal attack.”
“Don’t mince words and don’t downplay the animal attack,” she said; emphasizing the words animal attack. “This is serious.  I’m so sorry we moved here.”
“Why?”  I asked as I took another drink of my wine.  It was going down much easier now.  “People were always getting killed in Chicago.”
“Not in our back yards and not by werewolves,” she said. Then, realizing what she’d blurted out, she covered her mouth with her hands.
“Werewolves?” I repeated, incredulously, as I set my glass down and moved to my mother.  Kneeling before her, I said, “Mom, do you hear yourself?”
“Well, I’ve said it now and there’s no taking it back.” She heaved a sigh.  “It was like this when I was growing up too. That’s why I left.  What was wrong with me for not remembering?  According to Hap, they’re becoming a problem,” she moaned.
I studied my mother with concern.  She’d lost it. Perhaps it was the after effect of her lengthy drinking binge. I needed to find a way make her see how ridiculous her fears were. “Mom, listen to yourself.  Are you serious?  Hap’s just messing with you.”
“Was he messing with me about the dead girl up in the back woods?”  she asked.
I looked her, steadily, in the eyes and used as calm a tone as I could muster.  “I was up very early this morning and outside with the horses most of the day, yet I didn’t see an ambulance, or a hearse go up the road to fetch any dead body. What’s wrong with Hap, anyway?  Has he lost his rocker?”
“Hap is a good friend.  He’s telling me the truth,” she insisted. “I don’t know why I forgot about this.  I should have remembered.  Your father….”
At that moment, we were interrupted by a very frustrated Josh Cramby whose Xbox decided to act up right in the middle of Minecraft. I couldn’t have been happier.  I wasn’t sure why my mother was bringing up my father at a time like this and I didn’t want to know. I’d listened to enough lamenting about him during her drunken state to last me a lifetime, so I eagerly offered to help my brother try to figure out what was wrong.  
I left her sitting on the moonlit patio with the bottle of wine in one hand and a glass in the other.  As I followed Josh to his room, I could hear the faint howling of a wolf.
It took about an hour to help Josh figure out what was happening with his gaming device.  Once I was no longer needed, I decided to go to my room, rather than rejoin my  mother.  I know she could have used my support, but I found her craziness overwhelming.  
I stopped on the mezzanine, near the top of the stairs, and listened for her. I figured that she was still on the patio, since all was quiet.   I felt a brief wave of guilt over not returning to her as I continued onto my room.  I pushed it away and justified my actions by telling myself that it was almost bedtime anyway.
As I stared out of my window at the full moon, thoughts of my father flitted about in my head.  I had such mixed emotions.  I missed him, but I was also furious with him.  
I will never forget the morning I woke up to find he’d left in the night. There was no explanation given to me or my brother from him and my mother wasn’t offering anything either. All she kept saying was that it was for the best.
For the best?  For who?  Why?  Why was it for the best?   It wasn’t as if my mother and father fought on a regular basis.  They behaved like a happy couple right up until the time he left.  My memories of my parents while they were together was of them laughing, hugging, and kissing. So, what happened?
Our lives totally changed that day.  Mom went into a tail spin. The laughter turned into tears as she buried herself in self-pity and bourbon. The daily drinking stopped, and the laughter returned when she got the new job and we moved into great grandmother’s estate house.   I had hopes of things getting better. Now, with her crazy talk of werewolves all around us… well, I just didn’t know what to think.  I missed my dad and his level head. He’d know how to handle my mother.
 

Six
I couldn’t sleep. My mother’s voice, insisting that we were surrounded by werewolves instead of wolves, taunted me every time I closed my eyes and started to doze.  I mean… wolves I could understand.  We’d moved to the country on property that bordered a nature reserve, but werewolves?  Frustrated, I climbed out of bed, slipped into a lightweight robe and slippers and headed downstairs.  
With no close neighbors to worry about, mom rarely closed the blinds on the back door leading to the patio.  The brilliance of the moon illuminated the kitchen to the point I didn’t find a need to turn on the light.    Helping myself to a tall glass of milk and a few homemade peanut butter cookies, I went out onto the patio to enjoy my snack and the beautiful night sky.
I must have been so lost in thought that I didn’t hear Kenton approaching.  It wasn’t until he said, “Hello” that I saw him standing in the shadows at the far side of the patio.
 I gave an involuntary jump and threw my hand over my heart. 
“I didn’t mean to frighten you,” he said, apologetically, while continuing to stand in the shadows.
“I’m not used to voices coming at me in the middle of the night,” I said good naturedly. 
“That could prove nerve-wracking,” he admitted.
“Are you going to remain in the shadows?” I asked.
He chuckled.  “I didn’t want to assume that I was welcome on your patio.”
I pointed to the chair next to me.  “I’ve been enjoying the moon tonight.  Want to join me?”
“I thought you’d never ask,” he said with humor as he took his seat in the chair next to mine.  My body shivered with delight and my breath caught for a second at the impact of him being so near.  Terrified of the humiliation my reaction would cause me, I was glad when he seemed not to notice as he asked in a casual tone,  “What are you snacking on?”
“Peanut butter cookies and milk. The cookies are homemade. Do you want some?” I asked with probably more zeal than was necessary.
“Not my thing,” he said with a lazy shake of his head.  “I’d take something stronger, if you’ve got it.”
I thought for a moment.  “I’m not much of a drinker, but mom usually has wine and bourbon in the house.” I knit my brows together.  “Although, she gave me wine tonight because she said that was all there was.  I can see if there’s any left.”
“I thought you said you didn’t drink?” he mused.
 “I said that I’m not much of a drinker,” I replied, defensively. “I had a glass with mom tonight because she wanted company.  Wine’s not so bad, anyway.  Not like the hard stuff.”
“I never could tolerate wine,” he said with quiet politeness.  “I guess I’m more of a hard stuff guy.”
“I’m sorry,” I said with genuine feeling.  I wanted so badly to impress this guy.  It was my luck that we’d be out of liquor at just that time. “Normally we’re up to our ears in Jack Daniels.  It figures we’d be out tonight.”
I could see his perfectly straight teeth as he smiled at me. It was so sexy.  His teeth looked so beautiful in the moonlight. They almost glowed. “Don’t worry. I’m fine without it.  Maybe next time.”
My heart skipped a beat at his reference to future visits. I couldn’t believe my good fortune.  Back in Chicago, I would have never attracted a hunk such as this guy.  My boyfriends were cute, but not gorgeous.  That was probably because I was merely cute. And barely at that.  I was about three inches too tall.  My hair was unruly and since I was a tomboy by nature, I rarely fussed with it.  My chin was too long, and I maintained a weight that as about fifteen pounds too light for someone of my height and build no matter how hard I tried to rectify it.   Someone who looked like Kenton was the dream of every girl who looked like me. I thanked my lucky stars that I’d moved to an area where the girls must be either uglier than me or in short supply.  Whatever the reason, I felt like the luckiest girl alive, just then.
A cool breeze blew across the patio and I shivered.
“Are you cold?  Do you want to go inside?” he asked with concern.
“I’m fine,” I said.  I was in no hurry to part company.  “The night’s just a little chillier than I’m used to. Summer in Chicago is hot and muggy most days.”
“You’re in the mountains now,” he said sweetly. “The air is thinner and dryer.”
“And cooler,” I said as I secured my robe around me. “I will have to get a thicker robe.”
He looked at me through the corner of his eye.  “I like you in that one.”
My face burned, and I was suddenly very aware that I was in my robe and pajamas.
He must have realized the change in mood because he stood up and said, “I should let you go back inside.”
“You only just got here,” I said.  “Were you walking again?”
“The truth?” he asked.  When I nodded, he continued.  “I was out walking and then I remembered your beautiful face and my feet just headed here. It seems they like you just as much as I do.”
I giggled at his corny flattery. “Well, I guess I should thank your feet, then.”  I leaned my head back to admire the moon.  “It’s lucky you found me awake and outside, though. What time is it, anyway?  Do you know?”
“I don’t have a watch,” he said.  “If your clock is easy to see from the patio, I’ll go check for you.”
Feeling lazy and satisfied that I’d managed to stall his leaving, I murmured, “It’s on the wall to the right of the door.  You might have to step inside to get a good look.”
“So, I have your permission to enter your house?” he asked with a tone that made me chuckle.
“You sound like a vampire asking for an invitation.”  When he smiled broadly at me, but said nothing, I added in a tone that sounded mockingly spooky, “Well, if stepping inside the door to check the time needs my permission, the, yes, you have my permission to enter my house.” 
I giggled at my own silliness.
When he stood and bowed low, I couldn’t help admiring the way his jet-black hair glistened in the moonlight.  An earthy, musky scent wafted at me as he stood upright. I gave a silent gasp while every part of my body either stood at attention or contracted with desire. Thankfully, he was oblivious to it all.
“Well, then, Miss Missy, I shall enter thy home and check thy clock for the correct time,” he said teasingly as he headed toward the door to the kitchen.
“Try to do it quietly if you can,” I said softly. “I’d hate to wake my family.”
He stopped in his tracks. “Your family?” 
“My mother and my brother,” I explained.
“Hmm. They’re light sleepers, then?  Perhaps I shouldn’t check the time.”
“No.  Go on in,” I insisted.  “Just try to be as quiet and as fast as you can.”
“Will do,” he replied. True to his word, he was as silent as a mouse and just as quick. “It is one-twenty in the morning.”
“I can’t believe you walk this late at night,” I said with surprise.
“I can’t believe you sit outside in your pajamas this late either,” he said good-naturedly.
“I don’t,” I said. “This was my first time.”
His tone was soft and seductive as he said, “Lucky me.”
I felt an overwhelming longing as my body contracted from my throat all the way to my groin.  I wanted nothing more than for him to take me into his arms and kiss me silly.  I was still a virgin, but the idea of going all the way with this guy was mighty tempting.  If he started something, I was fairly sure I wouldn’t be the one to stop it.
To my frustration and disappointment, he did nothing but chat about unromantic topics for another twenty minutes before saying goodnight and heading  off across the field.  They were topics of interest, such as the horses, the reserve, and the history of the mountain folk, but they were topics I would have preferred to discuss at another time.  A time when I wasn’t longing to be swept into his arms like I was in some romantic movie.
I stayed outside and admired him in the moonlit night as best I could from afar until the night consumed him.
I went to bed with such a tortuous longing for him that I was actually feverish.  I reasoned with myself that it was simply my body’s developing hormones coming into bloom and I’d behave this way no matter who the guy was.  The sun was peeking over the horizon before my body finally relaxed and gave in to sleep.
 

Seven
My mother’s bellowing from the bottom of the stairs for me to wake up came all too soon.  As much as I would have liked to lay in bed for a while longer and fantasize that Kenton was in bed snuggling me, I had responsibilities to tend to.  The horses would be expecting their morning feed and fresh water. I could be a few minutes late, but not a few hours.
I dragged myself out of bed and splashed cold water on my face to help rouse my body. The minty toothpaste that I used to brush the night scum from my teeth did wonders to help me feel fresh and functional.  I quickly ran a brush through my wavy locks and pulled them into a smooth pony tail.   Although, I doubted that it would stay smooth for long, at least it would start out that way.
“Did I hear you up in the middle of the night?” mom asked as I entered the kitchen.
“I couldn’t sleep, so I had a snack,” I said, quietly.
“Outside?” she asked.
“The moon was full.  I wanted to look at it for a bit.”
She sounded frustrated when she asked, “Did you not heed any of our conversation?” 
 “Who were you talking to last night?” Josh asked as he bounded into the kitchen and grabbed a slice of buttered toast off the stack my mother had placed in the center of the table.  “Are the eggs done?”
“What do you mean?” mom asked. “Talking to who?”
“You must have been dreaming, Josh. It was one o’clock in the morning.  Who would I be speaking to at that hour?”
Panic filled me as I realized what I’d done.  I’d allowed a perfect stranger to enter our house in the wee hours of the morning. Never mind my mother’s crazy werewolf claim.  He could have been a serial killer, for all I knew.   It could have been “In Cold Blood” all over again. I should have told the truth and faced the lecture that was sure to follow, but I couldn’t bring myself to admit what I’d done.  Even more than that, I was afraid that, if I told her about Kenton’s odd tendency of walking in the night, she’d forbid me to see him.  
“What’s up with the wolves around here?” Josh asked as he held his plate out for mom to scape some scrambled eggs onto it.  “Scrambled?  Really, mom?  You know I prefer over easy.”
“Be happy you have something to eat,” she scolded.  She was about to finish with, “There are children starving in Africa”, but Josh beat her to it.  “Don’t be fresh, young man.”
He looked at me with a smirk and a gleam in his eye as he shoveled a forkful of fluffy eggs into his mouth; followed by an enormous bite of toast.
“Don’t be a pig,” I muttered with a wrinkled nose.
“Oink, oink,” he chuckled with his overstuffed mouth.   Then, after a moment of silence while he forced the wad of food down his throat, he asked.  “So, what’s up with the howling at night?  Is it a full moon thing or have the wolves moved in and we’ll be serenaded nightly now?”
“It should stop in a day or two,” Mom said as she sat down and cradled her mug of coffee in her hands.
“So, is it a full moon thing?” he asked.
“Hap was here yesterday.  They’re tracking the wolves,” I said.  “They’ll probably move them out.”
“I like the wolves,” he pouted.
“Not if they’re roaming the woods, you don’t,” I said.
“I don’t hang out in those trees like a monkey,” he teased, “so it don’t matter to me.”
“Doesn’t,” mom corrected him.
“What?” he said with a twisted face.
“It doesn’t matter to you, not it don’t matter,” she said.
“Missy spends too much time alone in the woods anyway.” He turned to me and said, “If you’d stay out, maybe the wolves can stay.”
“Where am I supposed to ride, then?”  I asked, challengingly.  “I can’t very well ride the road. Roger’s too skittish for that.”
Josh shrugged. “You have that riding ring.”
I expelled air with frustration. “How would you like to be confined to running around a ring and never doing anything else?”
 “There are trails in the reserve specifically for people to use and enjoy,” mom said as she scraped some scrambled eggs onto my plate. “I have no problem with your sister using them.” She looked directly at me.  “All I ask is that you wait a few days and, then, keep an eye on the time.”
Josh gave me a hostile look.  “Yeah, Missy.  Wait a few days so that they can round up all of the wolves and remove them from their sanctuary.  Then you and Roger can go prancing through the trees again.”
“That will do,” mom scolded.
The silence in the kitchen was thick enough to cut with a knife.  I had a lot of things that I wanted to say, but none of them were good.  I’d learned early in life to wait to speak my mind until my emotions were in check. Then, if the same speech was still on the tip of my tongue, I could say it with a calm demeanor.
Instead of being goaded into blurting out my angry thoughts, I ate my food in silence, put my plate and cup in the dishwasher, and excused myself to go tend to the horses.
When I reached the stables, I was surprised to find the door ajar.  I was always very careful to lock it after I bed the horses down for the night.  Had I been so distracted by meeting Kenton and the wolf howls that I’d forgotten?  I couldn’t imagine being that careless, but, since there was no one else coming and going in the stables, I must have been just that.
Just to be on the safe side, I cautiously checked all of the nooks and crannies of the stable.  I needed to make sure that there was no animal -like a wolf or a fox- hiding in there. Yet, I was terrified of finding one. The relief that flooded my body when I was certain that all was well was almost overwhelming. 
In an effort to give Josh some responsibility, mom got a few chickens and rabbits for him to care for.  I decided to venture to their shed to make sure all was well.  I’d been up late the night before talking to Kenton and hadn’t heard a commotion like one would expect if a predator got into the chicken coup, but I thought I should investigate anyway. 
I instantly regretted my decision to check things out when I saw the remains of a rabbit lying on the ground outside of the cage.  No way did I have the stomach to clean it up.  I would have to have my mother and brother figure that task out.  
I stepped around the dead rabbit while shuddering with disgust and checked the lock on the enclosure.  Everything was secure. Josh was going to have to see how the rabbit got out.
My brother was genuinely excited when mom informed him of his responsibility to tend to the chickens and the rabbits.  He loved animals and even went so far as to ask her to add to the animal population by getting a cow and a goat.  He had aspirations of becoming a vet one day.  He liked my horses, but he had no desire to climb on their backs.  He said that he preferred to enjoy them from the ground.  I felt terrible about the fact that he’d have to be told that one of his animals was killed by a predator. It was a part of the natural order of things, but it was still awful.
For the first time, since I’d moved into great grandmother’s house, I questioned if I was cut out to be a country girl. It was proving to be far more difficult a lifestyle than urban living.
 

Eight
The days that followed were blissfully uneventful while the nights were filled with amorous anticipation as Kenton continued to pay me his visits.
Days turned into weeks as we got to know each other better.  Although I was frustrated by my attraction to him that was going nowhere, I was also happy and thankful for the friendship we’d developed.
My eighteenth birthday was in a few days and I really wanted to introduce Kenton to my mom and brother so that he could join in on my birthday celebration.
I was usually outside on the patio for fifteen minutes or so before he’d appear.  I spent that time dreaming about seeing his face over the top of the candle flames as I blew them out.
“Are you sleeping?” he whispered from the shadows.
I kept my eyes closed. “Just thinking.”
“It must be something pretty good that you’re thinking about with a smile like that on that pretty face,” he said as he eased himself into the chair next to me.
I marveled over how comfortable we’d gotten with each other. You’d think we’d been friends for years instead of weeks.
“My birthday is in a few days.  We’ll be celebrating on Saturday afternoon with a little picnic and some cake.” I opened my eyes and focused them on him. “I’d really like you to come.” 
“Is your birthday on Saturday?” he asked.
I sensed a rejection, but did my best to act as if I didn’t feel it coming. “I’m eighteen on Friday, but mom thought Saturday afternoon was the better day for a picnic.   Since I was born at 12:10 am, I will have been eighteen for a full day before we celebrate.”
“You’re getting to be an old woman,” he teased. “Do you have any gray hairs?”
“That’s not funny,” I pouted. “How old are you, anyway?”
“Old enough to know better than to fall into those beautiful blue eyes of yours,” he cooed.
Oh man.  His complements were ridiculously corny, but effective.  If he kept talking like that, I couldn’t guarantee that I’d behave myself.  I’d grown accustomed to his visits and enjoyed them, but I was also frustrated with them because all we did was talk.  For a guy who was constantly laying it on thick with the complements, he was pretty hands off.
It wasn’t like I was an expert at love. Like I said earlier, I was still a virgin.   That didn’t mean that I hadn’t been kissed or even fooled around a little.  For crying out loud, was this guy ever going to make a move?  I wasn’t above making things happen, myself, but there never seemed to be the opportunity to do it smoothly and I was too proud to leap off my chair and go in for the kiss.  It had to seem natural in some way.
“You’re avoiding the subject,” I said.
“You act older than eighteen?” he mused.
 I shrugged.  “I had to grow up fast when my dad left.”
He looked away and said with genuine sadness, “I’m sorry.”
I didn’t want his pity.  I’d come to terms with my dad leaving and the new responsibilities that came with a drunkard for a mother.  What I wanted was to know if he was going to come to my celebration picnic.
“It’s all good.  Now, are you coming to my birthday picnic?” I asked with an air of frustration.
Silence permeated our surroundings as I waited for his answer. Just as he opened his mouth to say something, the sound of my mother calling my name in a loud whisper reached our ears.  I still hadn’t told her about Kenton and I especially hadn’t told her that he visited me in the wee hours of the morning.  Understanding my dilemma, he scurried off into the fields before she reached the patio.
Mom padded out onto the flagstone wearing her robe and slippers.  The night air had a chill to it, so she hugged the robe tight around her as she sat on the lounger next to me. “What in heavens name are you doing out here at this hour?  Don’t tell me that you’re admiring the moon.  The full moon is long gone.” 
“I like it out here at night,” I said innocently.
“You like meeting that boy, you mean,” she scolded.
After gasping with surprise, I said, “What?”
“Don’t lie to me.  I thought we had a better relationship than that,” she grumbled.
“I wasn’t going to lie to you,” I stammered. “You just took me by surprise.”
“Who is he?”  she demanded in a tone that was firm, but non-threatening.
I knew I had to tell her about him.  I’d intended on introducing him to her, after all. I just didn’t want to admit that we’d been meeting in the wee hours of the morning on the patio.  That sounded sketchy even to me.  “His name is Kenton Walters.  He lives on the other side of the reserve.”
“This may sound dumb, but why does he visit you in the middle of the night?” she asked.  “Now, before you try to tell me that tonight is the first time, think again. I’m not stupid. Nor am I deaf.”
My eyes flew open with surprise.  “How come you never said anything?” 
She pulled her knees up to her chest and rested her chin on them.  “The two of you seemed to be behaving yourself and I was waiting for you to tell me.”
“I really like him,” I said with a small sigh.
“I’m sure I would like him too if he came around at a decent enough hour to meet me,” she muttered.
“I asked him to come to the picnic on Saturday, but you interrupted us before he could answer,” I pouted.
“One of the drawbacks of sneaking around,” she sighed as she stood up.  “Changing the subject… did I tell you that I got the name of Lila’s caterer?”
“Is there time to use them?” I asked with hope.
Mom chuckled. “Can you believe it’s a small mom and pop deli not far from the school I’ll be teaching in?  You can walk right in and buy most of what she served.  It’s available all of the time.”
I clapped my hands with approval. “What about the cake?” 
“I’ve already placed the order with the bakery.”
It suddenly dawned on me that my mother wasn’t planning a small affair like we had back in Chicago.  I was never good with large events and I especially wasn’t good with one being held in my honor. “How big a cake did you order and how many people did you invite?”
 

Nine
The day of the picnic came around and I was both sad and frustrated.  Not only had my mother invited a few dozen people that I barely knew or didn’t know at all to it, but I hadn’t seen Kenton since the night I’d asked him to come and mom scared him away.
I did my best to be pleasant and amiable to the guests as they arrived, but, let’s face it, they were my mother’s guests, not mine.  To add to my angst, Michael Jefferson arrived with his two sons and his niece in tow.  I was definitely not in the mood to meet and entertain people of my own age.
My mother’s voice grated every nerve I possessed as she walked up to me with Michael and his offspring following like baby ducks. “Missy, honey, this is Michael Jefferson.  His farm is on the other side of the reserve.  I’m sure you’ve seen it while riding.” Michael vigorously shook my hand while mom continued to introduce me to the newcomers. “That handsome young man behind him is his oldest son, Ethan, and the equally handsome man behind Ethan is his other son, Wally.”
Wally’s face turned pink in color.  Not so for Ethan.  He smiled an arrogant smile and said, “This is our cousin, Cynthia.”
“Cindy,” the girl corrected him with a scowl.
“Okay,” he smirked, “Cindy.”
“Does he not know what to call you or was he picking on you?” I asked, good naturedly, in a low voice meant only for her as I shook her hand.
“He’s an ass,” she replied in an equally low voice.
I stifled a giggle while I studied Ethan as best I could without being obvious.  I had to agree with her.  From what I could tell, the guy was totally full of himself.   A real jerk.  I couldn’t believe my mother expected me to like and want to entertain someone like him.
Cindy and Wally, on the other hand, seemed decent enough. Neither was full of themselves and they both acted sincere in their efforts to get to know me.
We let the “old folks” head off to the food area while I took the younger guests to show them the stables.  I wasn’t sure if they were genuinely interested in the horses or just looking for an excuse to get away from the picnic, but it didn’t matter.  I was happiest at the stables – when I wasn’t visiting with Kenton, that is.
It turned out that Cindy and I had quite a bit in common.  It was actually surprising. We were close in age; with her birthday a few months behind mine. Her father left her mother and they moved in with her uncle just about the time we moved into my great grandmother’s place. She’d also completed school a year early and was an avid rider, like me.  
After discovering her love for horses and seeing how confident she was around them, I suggested that she ride with me the following day. She hummed and hawed and locked eyes with her cousins before finally saying that she’d ask her uncle for permission.  I was shocked at such a statement. It definitely made me more appreciative of my own homelife.
When we returned to the picnic, I spent a good deal of time studying Michael Jefferson.  I guessed him to be in his mid-forties.  As older people went, he was handsome enough with his square chin and dancing brown eyes. I watched as he stood in a small group, next to my mother, enjoying the conversation.  His smile was infectious and his laugh incredibly alluring.  I could see that he had my mother under his spell just by the way she was absent mindedly leaning into him while they chatted gaily.
It was easy to imagine them as a couple.  They ‘fit’ each other.  My mother was tall, like me, with shoulder length dirty blonde hair and a killer hourglass figure.  She was in her mid-forties, but could easily pass for mid-thirties.  Michael stood about three inches taller than her.  He was handsome with broad shoulders and narrow hips.  His thick brown hair matched his close-cut beard and mustache.  He looked like a sexy lumberjack model.
His sons, Ethan and Wally couldn’t have been more opposite from each other.  Wally was close in looks to his father. Although not as developed, he showed potential to give his father a run for his money in the physique department.  He also had his father’s dancing brown eyes.  Ethan was muscular and fit, but he was fair haired with serious, almost moody, brown eyes and his face had more of an oval shape.  It was as if he got his body from his father and his looks from his mother; as happens quite often. 
Cindy looked more delicate, but still toned.  She shared my curse for thick wavy hair, but hers was waist long and jet black.  I almost asked her how she managed to care for it and then thought better of it. There are times and places for all conversations. That topic was better left for girl talk.  She’d inherited those dancing brown eyes, but, where Ethan and Wally stood a few inches taller than me, I towered over Cindy by an easy four inches.  Her natural beauty was enough to make me feel inferior without my abnormal height adding to the situation.
 It was a struggle, but I did my best to move past the fact that I felt like the ugly duckling next to the beautiful swan.  
We spent the afternoon learning about each other.  They were eager to tell me about the area and the school in the small town where mom would be teaching.  
I asked them about their farm - mentioning that it always looked abandoned - and got mixed responses.  Cindy and Wally acted like they wanted to talk about their home and its history, while Ethan clearly didn’t want them to say a word.  At the risk of ruining the mood of the day, I quickly changed the subject.  When Josh appeared out of nowhere, I was actually glad to see him.
“Hey,” he said as he sauntered up to us while doing his best to look manly and masculine for Cindy’s benefit. 
Although I kept a straight face, my eyes couldn’t hide my amusement at seeing my brother trying to flirt. I introduced him to the group and, to my surprise, they accepted him graciously; especially Wally.  Had we been back in Chicago and he’d walked up to a group of my peers, they would have shunned him unmercifully.  I was impressed by these people.  
It wasn’t just the way my peers received Josh.  So far, the entire community was open and welcoming. It was refreshing and nice, but it would take some getting used to.
 

Ten
Cindy came around the following morning right after breakfast to take me up on my offer to go riding.  She was accompanied by Wally.  Since he was also an accomplished rider, I didn’t mind giving him a horse to ride. I was just glad that I had three. I don’t know how we would have managed if we were short a horse.
We said very little while we rode single file along one of my favorite trails in the reserve.  Since I wasn’t much of a gabber, I was fine with the silence.   It wasn’t until we reached the part of the trail that allowed us to see their farm that Wally spoke.  
“That’s our place,” he called out as he pointed in the direction of the farmhouse.
“I thought so,” I said as I stopped Roger and waited for them to position their horses next to me.
“It doesn’t look lived in from here.”
“You’re right,” Cindy said as she shaded her eyes against the day’s intense sun and looked down upon the farm.
Wally scowled at his home. “Huh.  Weird.”  He pulled his horse’s head around and headed back the way we came.  “Whether it looks lived in or not. It is, and we have chores to do. We’d better head back.”
Cindy sat back in the saddle and raised her face toward the tree tops.  We were on the edge of the tree line and the sun’s rays felt warm and welcoming.
“What chores do you have to do?” I asked as I looked once more at the empty fields and silent buildings.
“I’m in charge of the chickens and the hogs,” she pouted.
“What?” I said with shrill surprise as I squinted my eyes and peered with desperation as I tried to find some sign of life.  If they had chickens and hogs, they should be outside somewhere.  I saw nothing.
Cindy clucked her tongue as she urged Daisy to follow Wally.  I watched as she settled in for a leisurely ride back with Daisy’s head just feet from Peter’s rump.  It was a good thing those horses were buddies.  With a sigh of confusion, I fell in line behind Cindy.
We untacked and brushed the horses down with minimal conversation.  Wally was first to turn his mount out to pasture.  He came back into the barn and urged Cindy to finish, reminding her that they would be missed if they didn’t get back soon, and then went outside to wait for her.
His comment about being missed and his urging for her to get moving made me wonder if Michael knew they’d gone riding with me. “Did Michael give you permission to come here?”
“He’s not really keen on horses,” she replied as she stroked Daisy’s neck. “Probably because they don’t like him.”
“Is he mean to them?” I asked.  I’d been around horses long enough to know that the primary reason they wouldn’t like someone was if that someone was cruel.
“I don’t think so. I’ve never seen him around one to know.”
“He’d never hurt an animal,” Wally said, defensively, as he stood in the doorway of the stable.  
He’d pulled hay from a nearby bale and was chewing on it.  It reminded me of the way Kenton tended to chew on grass and hay. The thought of Kenton saddened me, but I did my best to hide it.
“Then, why does he think horses don’t like him?”
“It’s his scent.  They don’t like his scent,” Wally replied in a nonchalant way that gave no more room for questioning.
I shrugged lightly and made a mental note to sniff Michael the next time he was near.  I wanted to see just what it was about his scent that horses wouldn’t like.
They were about to leave when the idea struck me to ask about Kenton.  Maybe they knew him.  If they did, they might know if he’d gone somewhere or if he was around and just avoiding me.
“Do you know a guy named Kenton Walters?” I asked.
Cindy had just started out toward the paddock to turn out Daisy when I asked the question.  She stopped in her tracks, but kept her back to me.  I could see that she and Wally were exchanging looks as a thick, tense silence permeated the air.
It seemed like forever before Wally finally spoke.  “Why would you be asking about Kenton?”
The tone of his voice and the way he asked the question made me tremble with apprehension. I instantly regretted asking about my new friend. “I just heard that the Walter’s place was on the southeast side of the reserve and that Kenton was around my age. That’s all.”
“You’re better off staying away from that side of the reserve,” he said as he took Daisy from Cindy and turned her out himself.
Cindy kept her back to me while she waited for Wally to return.
“Cindy?” I said in a soft tone that was loud enough for her to hear, but not loud enough to carry out to the paddock for Wally’s ears. “What’s going on?”
With her back still to me and her head hung low, she said, “Just trust Wally.  Stay away from the Walters.”
I was about to ask her why when she added, “Please change the subject.”  
Wally shifted the mood almost immediately by bounding back into the stable with an enormous smile on his face. “I had a great time.  Thanks for inviting us.  Maybe we can do it again sometime.” He turned to Cindy. “We’d better hurry back or dad will have a fit.”
There was something about the look in her eyes that made me worry, but I said nothing.   I didn’t know them well enough to judge or assume.  I found it strange that they would tell me to stay away from Kenton, but maybe there was some Hatfield and McCoy war going on between their families.  As for their concern about how Michael would react to their riding with me, well, I intended to speak to my mother about that.  If he was an abusive father, then someone should be notified.
Wally and Cindy rode mountain bikes through the reserve and down the tractor road on my property.  I watched as they maneuvered their way back up it toward the upper edge of the field. I just couldn’t shake Wally’s warning to stay away from Kenton.  
I was about to head into the house when I noticed Josh at the top of the field.  It was as if he was waiting for them.  I didn’t want to look conspicuous if one of them turned around and caught me staring at them, so I slowly walked toward the house; keeping one eye on the threesome.  Josh spoke with Wally for a short while before the two cousins continued on their way and my brother headed toward our house. 
I waited on the back patio for him.  To my surprise, he continued past the patio as if I wasn’t there and headed toward the chicken coup.  Seeing that he was deep in thought, I gave him the benefit of the doubt and called out to him.  He acted surprised that I was there as he stopped and looked in my direction.
“What had you so out of it that you walked right past me?” I asked in a voice that I hoped sounded curious and not critical.
He shrugged and shoved his hands into his front pockets.  “Just deep in thought,” he said as he scuffed at the dirt road with the toe of his sneaker.
“Was it something Wally said?” I asked.
He looked at me with eyes that could only be labeled as suspicious and asked, “Why would you say that?”
“I saw you talking him.  That’s all.”
“Is it a crime to say ‘hi’ these days?”
Taken aback by his defensiveness, I said, “Sorry I said anything.”
“You’re  becoming as big a busy body as mom,” he complained as he started off again.
“Don’t be dissing mom like that,” I growled to his back as I watched him lope away.

 

Eleven
Even though it had been almost a week since Kenton had paid me a midnight visit, I managed to move past my disappointment and enjoy my quiet time under the stars on the patio for a while each night before heading to bed. 
The full moon was approaching again. I’d spoken to my mother about my newfound habit and assured her that I was perfectly safe from any of her – what I considered imaginary- werewolves.  It concerned me that someone as intelligent as she was could even contemplate the existence of those mythical creatures, but I let it go since she’d made no more fuss about them.
 I was stretched out on a lounger with my eyes closed, remembering my younger years of star gazing with my father, when a soft, masculine voice said, “You look deep in thought.”  I recognized it immediately as Kenton’s voice.  
Scowling, I opened one eye. “So, you decided to grace me with your presence?”
True to his nature, he stayed in the shadows. “I understand if you’re angry with me.  Did you have a good birthday?”
I shrugged. “It was okay.”
“Just okay?” he asked with a voice that sounded like he was surprised. “Eighteen is a milestone marker.”
“I was looking for you most of the time,” I admitted.
“May I sit with you?” he asked as he inched forward.
I sat up and looked directly at him, “What is it with you and these middle of the night rendezvous? Are you allergic to the sun or something?”
“I go out during the day, but I prefer the night,” he said in a patient tone.
“So, you could have come to my picnic, then,” I grumbled.
“I had good reason to stay away,” he said as he gave up waiting for me to offer him a seat and took it on his own.  “You invited the Jefferson family.  It wouldn’t do for us to be there together.”
“Do you have some sort of family feud going on?”
“Something like that.” He crossed his legs and locked his hands together over his knee.  “You look lovely tonight.”
“You’re changing the subject.”
He nodded and smiled.  “I’ve missed you and would like to spend my time with you in pleasant conversation.”
“What kept you away.  The Jeffersons didn’t move in or anything.  The picnic was days ago.”
“I was called to duty.  It required that I leave the area for a few days.  If I could have stayed, I would have.”
“Before or after the picnic?” I demanded. I was still annoyed with him.
“Trust me,” he said as he looked directly at me with his handsome blue eyes, “You would not have wanted me there.”
“I could give a fig about your Hatfield and McCoy war.  I invited you, not them.”
“And I’m sorry,” he said. “If you want the truth, I came back the day of the picnic.  I chose not to attend for the reason I gave. The following day, I was called away again.  I got back this afternoon.”
By being ‘called away’ I assumed that he was in a branch of the reserves.  I didn’t have experience with people who served in the reserved, so I had no idea how frequently they would have to go to duty.  
“Does that happen often?” I asked, hoping he’d say that it didn’t.  
“It depends on what you consider often.”
I stood up and moved to the edge of the patio, keeping my back to him. “You can be exasperating.”
I didn’t hear him walk across the flagstone, but I felt his powerful presence as he stood close behind me.  I sucked in air as he placed his hands on my shoulders.  This was the first time he’d touched me since we’d met. A surge -like erotic lightning- shot through me and I couldn’t stop myself from leaning back against his rock-hard chest. 
With us being close in height, he was able to rest his chin on my shoulder as he whispered in my ear, “I’ve missed you.”
His hand slowly turned my body so that I was facing him.  I could feel the heat of his breath on my face as his eyes locked with mine.  I was dizzy with desire for something unknown as he took my face in his hands and pulled me close.  Were my hormones flipping out and causing my body to react like this?  Had I desired him and fantasized about being with him for so long that now that it was happening I couldn’t accept it?  Whatever the reason, I could feel it coming. His lips barely touched mine before the world went black.
His voice was filled with concern as he patted my cheeks and quietly called my name.  I opened my eyes and things slowly came into focus.  He looked other worldly with the starry night for a background as he bent over me.  
It took me a moment to realized that I was stretched out on the lounge.
“How did I get here?” I asked with confusion.
“I put you here,” he said, matter-of-factly. 
“Oh,” I moaned as I rubbed my face with the palms of my hands. “Your back is probably broken now.”
“You’re light as a feather,” he cooed. “Even if you weren’t, the pleasure of holding you in my arms will stay with me for a very long time.”
I rolled my eyes as he helped me sit up. “Where do you come up with this stuff?”
He squatted down in front of me with knitted brows. “I’m not sure I understand. What stuff?”
“Your corny complements.”
He cocked one brow and smirked. “Corny?” 
“Old fashioned, out dated, stuff like that,” I explained.
He smiled that sexy smile of his. “I’ll do my best to update them.”
“Don’t,” I whispered.  “I kind of like them.”
His eyes were lit with amusement as he slowly shook his head. “I will never understand the female.”
“There, see. That’s what I mean. Female.  Who says female?” I pointed out.
“Isn’t that what you are?” he asked with surprise.
“Most boys say girls.”
“Perhaps I should have said woman,” he said in a husky voice as he leaned close to me. “You’re eighteen. You’re a woman now, Missy, not a girl.”  His face was a mere inch or so from mine with he added, “And, I assure you that I’m not a boy.”
An involuntary moan rose in my throat as he kissed me.  His kiss was soft at first, but grew in intensity as time went on. I had to admit that there was nothing boyish about it.
Even though we were close in height, he was muscular where I was slender.  When he wrapped me in his arms, I felt slight, yet protected. It was a sensation that made my breasts tingle and my abdomen contract with desire.  
I could feel him lowering my body back down onto the lounge chair, but I did nothing to stop him.  As far as I was concerned, this was a long time coming.  I only hoped that he didn’t stop.  I wanted him to take me fully.  I needed him to do it.  It was like an obsession with me.
His kiss had opened the floodgates of my repressed passion.  If he even attempted to stop at kissing, I would take over and see that things were completed.  I’d fooled around enough to know what led up to the ultimate ending, even if I’d never reached that point before.  It would happen.  It had to happen.
His hands slid beneath my pajama tops and I jolted with pleasure.  His fingers felt calloused and strong as he teased my nipples to attention.  I helped him along by sliding the hem of my top up until my breast was exposed. He stopped kissing me and silently searched my eyes before his lips replaced his fingers on my breast.
My mind exploded with pleasure.  He wasn’t the first boy to suckle my breast, but this was the first time my body had ever reacted in such a way.  On the few occasions when I’d fooled around with a boyfriend, it felt nice.  Good, even.  With Kenton it went way beyond nice or good.  It was intensely provocative. I threw my inhibitions to the wind as I reveled in the pleasure he was giving me.
He switched his attention to my other breast while his hand slid down between my thighs.  This was it. It was going to happen.  I was both excited and nervous as my hips moved toward his touch as if they had a mind of their own.  He slid his hand into my pants and found his way back to the spot that aroused me beyond belief.  
I’d had oral sex with my last boyfriend and I couldn’t help wishing he’d let me experience it with him as well.  If the attention he was giving my breasts and his touch made me feel so completely out of this world sexy, I could only imagine what it would be like if he went down on me.  It was then that I realized that I hadn’t tossed all of my inhibitions to the wind.  I’d still retained enough modesty to prevent me from asking him to move his mouth from my breast to between my legs.
Rather than dwell on it, I allowed myself to relax and enjoy what was happening.  Oral sex could come later, when I was more comfortable and confident in asking for it.  Even better… If he just decided to do it.
He had me so worked up that I thought I’d go insane if something more didn’t happen.  He raised his head up so that he could look at me and asked, “Do you want me to go further?”
 I nodded vigorously and eagerly whispered, “Yes,” a few times before he consumed my lips with his.  His very adept hands slid my pajama bottoms off me while he continued to kiss me with a deep passion that said so much more than his corny compliments ever could.  I had no doubt in my mind that this moment meant more to him than a simple conquest of a girl’s virginity. Don’t ask me how I knew.  I just did.
When he managed to slip a condom on, I’ll never know.  I was clearly too wrapped up in the passion of the moment to realize he’d done it or even care.  Later, I was grateful that he had the presence of mind to practice safe sex, but, at that moment, I could have cared less.
He entered me slowly and carefully.  I felt a sharp pain as he broke through my barrier, but it lasted only briefly.  I was impressed at how closely he paid attention to my body’s reaction to his movements.  As his penetration became more comfortable and arousing, his movements grew more intense and aggressive.
Oh, the pure abandonment of making love under the stars.  It was intoxicating!
When our needs were finally satiated, he inched onto the lounge pad so that I was eventually draped over him and cradled in his arms.  I experienced a type of intimate possessiveness that surprised me.  This may have been our first time together, but it felt as if we’d been a couple all of our lives. I feared that my heart was going to explode with emotion.  I knew then that I loved him and wanted to be with him forever. I realized that I was young and that, if I told someone else how I felt they’d say that it was puppy love and nothing else, but I knew differently.
I rested my head in the crook of his arm with my cheek flat against his muscled chest.  His heart beat strong within his body. It had an odd rhythm, yet, I didn’t question it.  I simply smiled with satisfaction as he played with the curls in my hair and kissed the top of my head.
“I don’t want to sound callous, but I don’t think we should stay like this for very long,” he whispered.  “Someone in your household might get up and catch us.”
I knew he was speaking reason, but I didn’t want to move. I didn’t want such a beautiful thing to end.  Once we were both dressed again, our lovemaking would be a thing of the past. I couldn’t bear the thought of it. 
We lay in naked silence for a bit longer while reason wrestled with desire.  Reason finally won.  With a heavy sigh, I sat up and put my pajamas back on.
Once he was put back together, he moved away from me and said in a tone that sounded a bit harsh, “You’re bleeding.  You need to go clean yourself up.  I should leave now.”
I watched with total shock and dismay as he disappeared into the shadows without so much as a backward glance in my direction.  I was left standing on the patio with my mouth hanging open.   As I stood alone in the dark and replayed his speedy and non-committal exit, my feelings of satiated love switched to those of one who’d just been used.
 

Twelve
Silent tears of rage, disappointment, and frustration flowed freely as I slipped through the patio door into the kitchen.   I was half way up the stairs when I met Josh coming down for a middle of the night snack.  
As I quickly wiped away the tears, I realized that Kenton was right.  Had we stayed as we were much longer, we would have been caught.  Even so, that still didn’t excuse him for the callous and abrupt way he left me standing on the patio. 
My brother pressed his body against the wall to make room for me to pass.  As I did, he sniffed the air while rubbing his eye with his fist and said, “You smell funny.”
“Nice,” I grumbled as I hurried past him. “Real nice.”
“I’m serious. What did you eat? Whatever it was, stay away from it.  You stink like… I don’t know… a dirty animal.”
I could feel the stickiness of my virgin blood as it soaked into the crotch of my pajama bottoms.  I didn’t hang around to continue the conversation, but rushed to take a shower instead.
Josh’s words plagued me throughout my tormented sleep.  Why would he say that I smelled like a dirty animal? What did that mean?  Did he mean that I smelled like an animal that could use a good wash or that I smelled like something undesirable?  I longed to question him on the fact, but I knew better. Josh was prone to barely waking during his middle of the night snack trips.  It was a type of sleepwalking.  If I was lucky, he wouldn’t remember our encounter on the stairs.  I didn’t want to risk jogging his memory by asking him to clarify his statement.
I’d stayed in the shower longer than usual, but I still worried about what Josh said.  Why would he say that I smelled? I showered daily, and Kenton looked fastidiously clean at all times.  I didn’t smell anything unusual about him while we were together. It just didn’t make sense.
Cindy and Wally paid a visit the following day.  This time, Wally took off with Josh and told Cindy and me to enjoy our ride without him.  I was glad for the alone time with another girl of my age. It seemed like an eternity since I’d had someone I could relate to.
We took a new trail in the reserve that I’d never ventured on for safety reasons.  I usually rode the trails alone and this one looked to be a bit too precarious to explore while riding a high-spirited horse.  With Cindy accompanying me, I felt more confident.  At least, if Roger acted up and something happened, she could help me or go for help.
Cindy and I were alike in the respect that we enjoyed riding in silence.  This was probably for the best, since the trail required that we pay close attention to the horse’s footing.  More than once, I questioned the wisdom of taking it; even with Cindy accompanying me on the very sure-footed Daisy.
“Maybe I should have ridden Peter today,” I said, nervously, as Roger danced along a section of the narrow path that bordered a steep embankment.  “Roger’s pretty high spirited to break trails with.”
“I see that,” Cindy said with such a calm voice that I couldn’t help relaxing.  “Do you want me to take the lead?”
I would have liked that, but I saw no way for her to pass me on such narrow ground. “Maybe when we get out of this mess.”
“Just say the word,” she said as she patted Daisy on the neck.   After a few moments of silence, she said, “I envy you.  You have these beautiful beasts at your disposal day and night.  What I wouldn’t give to own my own horse.”
“You have plenty of land,” I mused. “You could easily pasture a small herd.”
“My uncle forbids it,” she pouted.
“I don’t get it.  Why don’t horses like his smell?  I’ve stood next to him. He smells fine to me,” I said with a shrug.
I couldn’t see her face since I was in front of her, but I got the feeling she was smiling with amusement.  “It’s genetic. Animals hear and smell things that we can’t.”
“But, they were fine with you and Wally,” I mused, still not understanding.
“For now,” she said, matter-of-factly.
I thought about Josh’s comment about my smell the night before.  It made me wonder how the horses would react to being around Kenton.   At the thought of Kenton, I heaved a sad sigh.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
I decided to bite the bullet and bring up a subject that I knew wouldn’t go over well. “Why don’t you like the Walters family?”
“I don’t know them,” she replied briskly.
“But, you and Wally both said that I should stay away from them.”
“You should,” she snipped.
“I’d just like to know why.  Is there some kind of family feud? If so, I don’t see where it should involve me.”
Cindy pulled Daisy to a stop and eased herself out of the saddle and onto the narrow path. “Let’s walk a while.  It might be safer.”
I looked down at how close Roger’s hoofs were to the edge of the embankment and had to agree.  I carefully slid off and inched myself between the earthen wall and his body until I reached his head so that I could lead him along.  This shifted the entire dynamics of our ride.  Roger visibly relaxed, as did I.
We made our way to the top of the trail.  I was pleased to see that it led to a fairly good-sized clearing.   Neither of us were eager to venture back down right away.   We decided to let the horses graze while we basked in the morning sun for a while.
As if in preparation for weary visitors, nature had provided us with an enormous flat boulder to rest on. We sprawled across its warm and inviting surface in silence; each in our own thoughts.  
It was Cindy who finally spoke.  “Why are you so curious about the Walters?”
Her question took me by surprise.  I debated whether I should answer it honestly.  In the end, I did.  “I’ve met Kenton.”
“I hear he’s quite handsome,” she mused lazily.
 “He is,” I agreed as my body tingled with the memory of his love making.  After which, I recalled the way he’d abruptly left without so much as a backward glance.  I shoved these thoughts into the recesses of my mind and forced my voice and attitude to seem normal.  “I can’t believe you’ve never met. Doesn’t their land edge with yours at some point?”
“I rarely visited before we moved here, and I’ve only lived here as long as you have.  He doesn’t come near our place and I don’t get out without an escort. There’s no way we’d meet unless we were deliberately introduced and that will never happen.”
“Where’s your mom?  I didn’t see her at the picnic, did I?”
“She sent me here on my own,” she said with a hint of anger in her voice.
I didn’t know whether to leave that comment alone or to address it.  I was contemplating what to do when I noticed that both Roger and Daisy were getting antsy.  Daisy was such a calm and docile animal that I knew something was amiss. 
I sat up and shaded my eyes against the intense sunlight with my hands while I searched for what was causing my horses’ nervousness. My breath caught in my throat when I spotted a large wolf staring at us from the edge of the tree line on the far side of the open field.
“There’s a wolf over there,” I half-whispered, half-gasped.
Cindy sat up with a start.  Her head twisted to and fro as she tried to focus.  “Where?”
I pointed in the direction of the wolf as it stood like a statue, staring at us. “Over there.”
She shaded her own eyes with her hands and squinted them to help her focus while she looked in the direction that I was pointing.  I could see her body physically relax. “It won’t attack, but we should get going.”
I remembered my mother telling me about the dead girl they’d found in the reserve. “How do you know that it won’t attack?” 
“Wolves don’t attack when they’re by themselves.  They’re a pack animal. It’s probably just as nervous to see us as we are to see it.  I doubt many people use that trail.”
“How do you know so much about wolves?”
She looked at me and smiled.  “I’ve moved in with a bunch of men who grew up in the country.  I listen.”
I slowly stood up and moved to soothe Roger.  I kept my eyes on the wolf as I said, “I think it might be wise for me to lead him back until we get off this trail.”
Cindy was less cautious when she got up and cradled Daisy’s head with an enormous hug. The mare snickered her approval. “That trail wasn’t made for horses.”
“It’s treacherous no matter who goes on it; man, or beast.” I said as I pulled Roger behind me.  As I headed down the narrow path, I took one last look in the direction of the wolf. It hadn’t moved.  I shuddered and said, “I don’t think I’ll come this way again any time soon; if ever.”
With the discovery of that dead girl fresh in my mind, I kept on the alert for wolves while we made our way down the path.  I estimated that we were about half way to the end of the treacherous trail when I heard twigs snapping on the hillside.  My nervousness caused my body to jolt unexpectedly.  In response, Roger danced dangerously close to the edge.
My fear of the wolves wandering the woods was instantly replaced by the real fear of my horse going over the edge and tumbling down the steep embankment into the treetops below.  Since my hands were frozen onto the reins, I would have accompanied him on a journey that had no good ending.  
I was so intent on calming my horse down that I didn’t see Ethan come bounding out of the trees to help me.  He steadied Roger with a firm hand and an even firmer voice.
When all was calm, I thought I detected a look of concern on his face before it was replaced by that arrogant, conceited mask he liked to wear.  
“What are you two doing?  You should know better than to ride a horse on this trail,” he said in a repremanding tone that, I had to agree, we deserved.  His piercing look of judgement settled on his cousin. “Does my dad know that you’re riding with her?”
“Her?” I said in a questioning tone. “I have a name.”
He looked at me and gave what I could only describe as a patient smirk.  “Mary Jane,” he drawled, “like the shoes, right?”
I shuddered at the sound of my real name while memories of childhood teasing identical to this flooded my head. It was the reason I refused to acknowledge it and used Missy instead.  Did parents even think of the consequences their quirky names could cause their children through life?  
“Missy,” I practically spat. “I’m called Missy.”
“I thought maybe you’d abandon that little girl name when you turned eighteen. You’re a woman now. Or, so they say,” he said with irritating smugness.
“So they say,” I said with an equal amount of sarcasm as I remembered Kenton saying the same thing about eighteen being a milestone before I foolishly gave myself to him.
“Don’t be mean,” Cindy hissed as she glowered at her cousin.  She turned to me and said in an apologetic tone. “He should talk.  The guy’s twenty-two years old, yet he acts like a kindergartener whenever he gets around a girl he likes.” At his look of mortification, she gleefully added, “The more he teases you, the more you know he likes you.”
I was shocked to see Ethan’s handsome face redden.  I could only imagine how mortified he was since the situation embarrassed me enough to force me to look away and struggle for something to say to shift the conversation. “I really want to get these horses off this path.” 
Although the urgency I felt was for changing the subject and not to move the horses, they took my words at face value and started moving along the trail again.
Ethan refused to relinquish my horse to me; insisting that I walk ahead with Cindy and Daisy until we were on safe ground again.  There are no words to describe how uncomfortable I was walking in front of him.  I could feel his eyes on me the entire time.
If Cindy noticed, she said nothing as she chatted away about things girls chatted about; minus the boys. I quickly learned that we not only both enjoyed horseback riding, but we had similar taste in books, television, and movies.  By the time we’d reached the end of the trail, I was over my embarrassment and feeling like I had a new bestie.
I accepted my horse’s reins from Ethan and lept into the saddle.  His look of approval as he watched me mount Roger didn’t go unnoticed, but I said nothing.  Nor did he.  The only words he uttered were to warn Cindy about going behind his father’s back before he jogged off in the opposite direction without so much as a good-bye.
 

Thirteen
Wally and Josh were nowhere to be found when we returned from our ride.  Cindy acted undisturbed by their absence.  She spent the time waiting for her cousin grooming the horses and helping me clean out stalls.  It was refreshing to see how much she enjoyed the actual labor involved in tending to the animals.  I was beginning to think that I was an odd soul since I actually found mucking out stalls and dragging bales of hay about the stable both pleasurable and rewarding.
We put the horses out to pasture and giggled about their antics as they rolled in the dirt and undid our beautiful grooming jobs, raced each other, and even had an occasional disagreement that involved kicking and nipping.  We were marveling over their distinct personalities while we compared them to humans when Josh and Wally joined us.  To my discomfort, Ethan accompanied them.
It was at that point that I noticed a change in the behavior of the horses.  Where they’d been running up to us and accepting our loving strokes on their noses and necks in between racing about and their other antics, they suddenly kicked up in a threatening way and bolted from the fence; racing far into the pasture.
I looked at my brother and our new friends.  There didn’t seem to be anything that they were doing to cause such a reaction. Since Wally rode Peter the day before and Ethan had walked Roger to the end of that treacherous trail for me just hours earlier -with neither horse acting up- it was certainly a puzzle. 
“This is why dad doesn’t want you around the horses,” Ethan said, aggressively, as he turned to Cindy. “They’re unpredictable as hell.”
“I asked my mother if I could ride,” she said, defensively.
His tone was irritatingly condescending when he said, “I’ll bet she said, ‘no’.”
Tears filled my new bestie’s eyes.  When she stuck out her tongue at her cousin, like a five-year-old might do, I could feel the frustration radiating from her. 
“I’m not a baby. I’ll be eighteen in two more months,” she said vehemently.  “If I want to go riding with my friend, I’ll do it.”
I was impressed that Ethan didn’t capitalize on the immature act of her sticking out her tongue when all he said was, “Dad won’t like it.”.
She stared at him, defiantly.  “Who’s going to tell him?”
Ethan silently studied Cindy before looking at me, briefly, and then looking back at her. “I guess, no one.”
“Good,” she sighed.
“Just, don’t let me catch you on that trail again,” he warned.
She smiled appreciatively while vigorously nodding her head.
It had been my intention to bring up the fact that we’d seen a wolf while riding, but, after all of the to-do about something so simple as riding a horse, I thought better of it.  
Cindy and I agreed to wait a few days before we went riding together again. Then, she allowed her cousins to escort her back over the mountain to their very abandoned looking home.
 My mother was sitting on the front porch, enjoying an iced tea, when I got to the house. She greeted me with a warm smile and the news that her friend, chief of police Hap Knowles, would be joining us for dinner before I was politely delegated a few chores to assist in making sure that the house was company ready.  Satisfied that I knew what was expected of me, she discussed the menu she had in mind. She was going to put steaks on the grill.  Since neither of us were adept at grilling, I hoped that she knew what she was doing.
I was glad for responsibilities given to me.  The afternoon flew by.  I was so focused on making sure that the house was spotless that I had little time to think about Kenton.   It wasn’t until I was showering and dressing for company that thoughts of him popped back into my head.  
I scolded myself for mooning over such a user and then forgave myself for the fopa of falling for his sexy, smooth talking ways while I blew my hair dry and put on a little makeup.  By the time I was ready to sit opposite the scrutinizing eyes of the chief of police for the duration of dinner, I was in a fairly good mood and looking my best.
I reached the top of the stairs just as my mother was greeting him at the door. Rather than descend, I stood on the tops step and listened.
“I always love coming here,” he said. “Even as a kid, the place had this appeal.  A type of grandeur to it.”
“We’re lucky to have it left to us.  I’d never be able to obtain something this special otherwise,” I heard my mother say as she accepted the bottle of wine from him.  “Pino Noir.  It’s perfect.  We’re having steak tonight.”
I listened to their exchange of pleasantries for a moment while wondering if I should sneak away.   I knew that they were friends since childhood, but there was something about their exchange that seemed more intimate than that.
While I debated what to do, Hap spotted me and hailed me downstairs.  We exchanged a few pleasantries as I did my mother’s bidding and escorted him onto the patio and poured him some whiskey on the rocks.  I was thankful he wasn’t into something like manhattans or martinis since my skills as a mixologist were nil.
Dinner was ready and waiting before my brother, Josh, graced us with his presence. Although I knew that she was annoyed with the fact that my brother’s inconsiderate tardiness threatened to destroy her carefully timed dinner, I felt my mother did an excellent job of camouflaging it as she kept the conversation flowing.
Since it was a recent occurrence, it was probably only natural that the conversation would eventually turn onto the topic of the murdered girl.
“Was it wolves like people say?” Josh asked with eager interest as he shoveled an enormous forkful of garlic mashed potatoes into his mouth.
Hap leaned back and adjusted the waist of his pants.  Although he’d removed his gun, he was still wearing his uniform. “We’re still trying to figure out what happened.  There were all the signs of a wolf attack.”  
“If it was wolves, can you really call it a murder?” Josh asked.
“Until the case is closed, it’s a killing.  The definition of murder is an unlawful killing of a person. Therefore, it’s a murder; whether done by man or beast.” 
“Lila Masterson said that the girl had red welts around her wrists.  Do you think she got into a trap or something?  Are there poachers on the reserve?”  Josh asked with enthusiasm.
He looked at Josh with piercing eyes. “Lila needs to keep quiet until she knows the facts.  I understand how a murder that was almost in your back yard could be of interest, but, at this point, I’m not at liberty to say much about it.  Not until the investigation is over, anyway.”
Josh wasn’t the only one who was disappointed by that response.  I was just as curious and eager to know what happened to the girl. After all, I rode that area regularly.  Not to mention the fact that Kenton walked it at night.
I practically bit my tongue off out of frustration over the fact that I couldn’t stop thinking of Kenton.  I’d had disappointments over boy’s behaviors in the past and moved on without giving them so much as a second thought.  What was it about Kenton that made me cling to the thought of him?  
I determined it was because, not only was he the handsomest guy I’d ever had the privilege of kissing, he was the only one I’d actually slept with.  I’d given up my virginity to him and, because of that, there would always be a type of bond; even if it was only one sided.
With the meal over and Josh already having made his escape from adult company, I was searching for a reason to slip away when Hap brought the topic of the dead girl up again.  “I didn’t feel it was suitable dinner conversation, but I wanted to make sure that you understood the dangers that are involved with riding in the reserve right now, Missy.”
“I was told to be home before dark, so I’ve been riding in the mornings,” I said as memories of the wolf that very morning flitted through my head. I looked at my mother with despair. “If I can’t ride the trails, I’ll be stuck riding in the ring and in the fields.  The fields have dangerous woodchuck holes in them and the ring won’t satisfy Roger for too long.”
“Who’s Roger?” Hap asked.
“My grandmother gave names to the horses that you might find a bit odd,” my mother said with a grin. “Roger is our prize gelding.   He’s a beauty, but he requires a good workout. Missy takes him on long rides through the trails to keep him properly exercised.”
“What about the other horses?” Hap asked.
“They’re easier,” mom replied.  “I doubt they’d even miss a workout or two now and then.”
Hap sat back in thought. “I have a piece of land about five miles up the road.  There are hunting trails on it and behind it.  Why not move your horses there?” He looked at me with the satisfaction of a man who’d solved all of our problems single handedly.  “I have a pasture and a lean-to on the property. It’s summer, so the horses don’t need more than that. We can set your horses up there until I solve this case and I am sure that you’re safe to ride the reserve again.”
I looked at him as if he had two heads.  “I ride daily.  I also have to tend to them twice a day.”
His eyes lit up with excitement.  “I can’t imagine this case taking much longer to solve. We’re actively trapping the wolves and moving them.  You’re old enough and responsible enough to stay on your own. If you’re not opposed to roughing it, I have a small trailer on the property.  It can’t compare with this place, but it’s clean, is furnished, has running water, and gas to cook and heat with.  It’ll be like a vacation for you.”
“If it’s not going to be that long before you solve the case, maybe I should just sit tight,” I said.
“It’s a sweet offer, Hap,” my mother said.  “Would it be worth moving the horses, though?  We could go through the hassle of moving them over there and settling Missy into the trailer only to be told that all’s clear a few days later.”
He nodded.  “It was just a thought.”
“I appreciate it,” I said, politely.
“The offer stands if you change your mind,” he said with a smile.
 

Fourteen
I was exhausted from a full day, which was good because I had no intention of sitting outside that night.  I was so hurt by - and angry with - Kenton Walters that if I ever saw him again it would be too soon.
At one point, I could sense that he was standing outside, looking and waiting for me.  I was tempted to go to the window to confirm that feeling, but I didn’t.  I forced myself to stay in bed just in case I was right.  The last thing I wanted was for him to see me searching the night for him.  How pathetic would that be?
I was unable to sleep as I tossed and turned while I fought the urge to go outside and look for Kenton.  By the time morning came, I’d made up my mind to take the chief of police up on his offer to let me stay in the trailer.  Perhaps after a week or two there, I would have broken my habit of sitting on the patio, as well as gotten over Kenton.
I found my mother in the kitchen making pancakes. A pot of coffee had just finished brewing.  I stood next to it and filled my lungs with its rich aroma.  I loved the smell of coffee even more than I enjoyed the taste of it.
 “I thought about Hap’s offer.  Maybe it would be good for me to take the horses elsewhere while he figures things out,” I said in a lazy tone.  “I think I’d be fine in the trailer by myself.”
“I know you’d be fine, dear.  You’re a responsible young woman, but won’t you be lonely?  You’ve never stayed on your own before.” 
I shrugged. “I hadn’t given it much thought.  There’s probably no television there. I wonder if there’s wi-fi at least.”
“I can give you my hotspot. You can’t watch movies with it or you’ll be out of gigabytes in no time, but you can at least keep in touch with your friends.  I doubt that he has a television, since he uses the place for hunting, but he might. If not, you can take the one with the built in DVD player and some movies.  It’s better than nothing, right?”
I nodded my head while I held out a plate for her to place two large, golden brown, blueberry pancakes on.  “I’ll miss this in the morning,” I said with a smile.
“You’re only going to be five miles up the road. Who says I can’t bring breakfast now and then?” she said. “Besides, it’s only for a few weeks.”
“Like a little vacation,” I said with a smile.  
The more I thought about it, the more excited I became.  Mom was right. I’d never stayed alone before.  This was going to be my chance to test the waters before I bolted off on my own after my year off.   I wasn’t sure if Cindy’s uncle would permit her to stay with me for a night or two, but I planned on asking.  I missed the regular sleepovers I used to have with my girlfriends back in Chicago.   I’d planned on inviting Cindy to stay with me at the house, but this would be even better.
“I think I’d feel better if you took your brother with you,” mom said as she dialed Hap’s number.
My stomach flipped upside down with despair.  “You’ve got to be kidding, mom.”
“Call me overly protective, but I don’t want my daughter alone in a trailer on a country road with no close neighbors.  Having your brother there to call 911, should something happen, would make me feel a whole lot better.”          
I saw the reason in her thinking and nodded.  Roger was a handful and I’d be riding alone in unfamiliar territory.  If he behaved as unpredictably as he did on the land that he was accustomed to, it only made sense to assume that he’d be even more skittish on Hap’s trails. Having Josh around to call for help if something happened wasn’t such a bad idea.
Mom telephoned Hap to accept his offer.  It was decided that I would move into the trailer the following day. I was asked not to go up onto the trails in the reserve and to simply ride in the ring for the day.  Since the wolf had made me a bit nervous, I didn’t argue.
I spent another night in torture as I fought the urge to look outside for Kenton. When I could stand it no more, I slipped out of bed and crept over to the window.  I hid myself at the side of the window, like a spy, and peeked out into the moonlit night. I could see Kenton’s form standing at the edge of the field.
Worse than seeing him, was the overwhelming sensation of sadness coming from him that swept over me. Could that be right?  After leaving me in such a cold manner after taking my virginity, did he actually have the audacity to feel sad because I wasn’t out there waiting for him?
Something inside of me snapped at the mere thought of this being possible.  My body moved without my putting thought into my actions.  Before I knew it, I was standing on the patio only feet away from him.  The smile he wore as he started toward me quickly fell away as he realized that my mood was anything but friendly.
“Why are you here?” I demanded in a low, but scary tone.  I felt a glimmer of satisfaction from the look of surprise on his face.  He clearly hadn’t expected that. I crossed my arms over my chest.  “What did you expect?  Did you think that I’d come running out here and fly into your arms?”
“As a matter of fact…,” he began.
I threw my hand in the air with my palm facing him. “Don’t.  Just don’t.”
“I don’t understand,” he said softly. “I thought…”
“You thought what?” I snipped.  “You thought you could coax me into having sex and then stroll off into the night without so much as a backward glance?”
“I didn’t…” 
“You certainly did,” I said in a harsh whisper.  
I was finding it difficult to keep my voice down to a level that wouldn’t wake my mother or brother and still reprimand him effectively.  I decided not to try.  I’d said enough, anyway. I’d called him on his behavior.  I doubted it would make an impact on him for the future, since guys like that had no conscience, but I could hope.
“I’m going back inside now.”
“Wait,” he said in a voice that sounded a tad bit desperate.
Happy that I made him feel even a little of the hurt and rejection that I felt the other night, I threw my hands in the air and said, “Leave now and don’t come back.”
I was almost to the door to the kitchen when I heard him say, “Is that really what you want?”
I stopped, but didn’t turn around.  After a moment of silence, I said, “Yes” and went back into the house.
I didn’t feel nearly as good after telling him off as I’d hoped I would.  In fact, I felt even more miserable than I had the night we’d made love. I couldn’t believe how deep beneath my skin he’d gotten in such a short period of time. 
Rather than going to bed feeling satisfied for the closure I’d just had, I threw myself across it and cried my eyes out until dawn.
Explaining my red and puffy eyes the following morning to my mother wasn’t easy.  Fortunately, she was so engrossed in getting things together for my big move into Hap’s trailer that she accepted the story I made up about  going out onto the patio for a short time and bugs flying into my eyes and my making it worse by rubbing them in my sleep.  It was a crazy story that I couldn’t believe she’d accept. Yet, thankfully, she did.  I only hoped that she didn’t come to her senses, rethink it, and demand an explanation for the lie.
I ate a quick breakfast and headed for the stables.  I needed to make sure that I had everything that I wanted to take with me ready for the horse van when it arrived.  
I’d offered to ride Roger and pony the other two horses to Hap’s place, but he insisted on hiring a horse van so that it was done correctly. He also said that it would make it easier to get all of the things I needed for the horses there in one trip.
Although Hap expected me to be there for only a few weeks, he suggested I take enough to last me a month, just in case.  My mother wasn’t happy about the thought of her children being away from home for the better part of the summer, but she appeased her mood by reminding herself that we’d be just down the road a few miles.
As I began to drag and stack things to take outside of the stable, I realized the wisdom in Hap’s getting the moving trailer.  Trying to cart things to his property in the back of his pickup would take a lot of trips.
“Want some help?” said a voice from inside of the stable.
Not expecting to hear anything other than a whinny or a snicker from the horses, I practically jumped out of my skin as I whirled around to face Kenton. This was the first time I’d seen him in the light of day.  I found him breathtakingly handsome as he leaned against a support pole in the center of the walkway. 
I cleared my throat and did my best to sound calm and in control.  “So, you do walk in the light of day.”  The smile he wore quickly faded when I continued with, “I thought I asked you to leave and not come back.”
“That was rather cruel of you,” he said without moving.  “I thought there was something special between us.  You can imagine my surprise when I returned with flowers in hand the following night to find you not outside.  Then, the next night you told me to go away.  Were you just using me?”
I couldn’t believe my ears. “What?  Me?  I’m not the one who said, “Go clean yourself up” before walking away without a backward glance.”
He scowled. “I did do that, didn’t I?”
“A nice way to say thanks to a girl who’d just given up her virginity,” I hissed.
“I can explain,” he said, hesitantly.
Remembering the impact folding my arms over my chest had on the situation the night before, I did it again. “I’m listening.”
“Now?” he asked with a voice that sounded panicked.
“What’s the problem?” I demanded.  “Do you need time to make up your story?”
“I need time to formulate the words so that they don’t come out wrong,” he said, softly.  “Please, can we just meet tonight?”
I shook my head.  “Sorry.  I’m moving out for a few weeks.  I might be gone as long as a month.  It’s now or never.”
“What’s now or never?” Hap said as he sauntered into the stable and stood next to me. He looked, with surprise, at Kenton. “Well, hello Mr. Walters. You’re an unexpected surprise.”
“I came to see if I could be of some help,” Kenton said.
I couldn’t help admiring how quickly Kenton had regained his composure and was able to act as if he knew my plans already.
“I didn’t realize you two knew each other,” Hap said as he looked at me with raised brow.
“Is that a problem?” I asked with a bit more attitude than necessary.
Hap grinned and shook his head. “Not with me.  I’ve always liked young Walters.”   He pulled a saddle from the saddle stand and slid his arm beneath it as if to replace the stand.   After inhaling deeply through his nose he said, “I love the smell of leather mixed with horse.  Grab a saddle, Kenton.  Let’s get this show on the road.”
Kenton eagerly did his part in helping Hap and me load the horse gear into the truck. He even went so far as to stack bales of hay in it.  I had to stop myself from drooling over the muscles his tee shirt and jeans displayed while he carried bales of hay from the stable to the trailer. It didn’t help that I had memories of running my hands over the bare flesh that covered those muscles.
My mother and Josh arrived just as we were closing up the side of the trailer.  All we had left was the loading of the horses; which I wanted to leave until the very last minute.
“We have the car loaded with your things,” my mother said. 
“I need to pack some clothes,” I said with surprise.
“I packed some essentials and a few clothes for you. Once you’re settled in, you can go through your room and take whatever else you need.  It’s not like you’re going cross country,” my mother said with a smile as she looked from Kenton to Hap. “You brought help, I see.  That was smart.”
Hap laughed, “It’s all Missy. He was here when I got here.  I’m afraid I don’t have the brains to think ahead like that.”
“Really?” my mother said as she studied Kenton with a curious eye.
“This is Kenton Walters, mom,” I said, nervously.  The last thing I wanted to do was to have my mother make a big deal out of Kenton’s being there. “I told you about him.”
She nodded and smiled. “You did indeed.” Extending her hand, she added, “It’s nice to finally meet you.  And in the daylight, no less.”
I winced.  She’d done it.  She’d managed to slip in a reference to his nighttime visits and embarrass me in front of Hap.
To my surprise, Hap threw his head back in laughter.  “I call him the night crawler and for good reason. About three years ago, we had a gang of derelicts camping out in the reserve.  I hired Kenton to patrol it at night to keep the place free of them.  He cleaned it out so fast and so thoroughly that I hired him on full time.  That’s why I was so surprised to see him out in the light of day.”  He turned to Kenton, “Cutting into your sleep time, isn’t it?”
“I wanted to help,” was Kenton’s speedy reply.
“Well, I can’t say I don’t appreciate it,” Hap said with a broad smile.  “You shortened the time by half.  Oh, to be young and strong like you again.”
Kenton laughed. “I’ve seen you press.  You’ve still got a lot in you.  Don’t try to kid the ladies.”
Hap patted Kenton on the back.  “They don’t make ‘em like this guy anymore.” He looked directly at my mother. “Make sure your daughter treats him right.  He’s a rare find that I doubt she’ll replicate anytime soon; if ever.”
I don’t know who looked more embarrassed; me or Kenton.
Seeing our faces, my mother, sympathetically, took matters into her own hands.  “Well, we’re not done abusing the young man yet.  The trailer needs to be unloaded once we reach your place.”
“You’re going to Hap’s place?” Kenton said with surprise.
“I thought you knew,” Hap said with equal surprise.
“I didn’t tell him where I was going.  Just that I was going,” I explained. 
Hap shook his head. “Kids these days.”
My mother chuckled as she suggested that Kenton and I load the horses.  She walked Hap back to the house with the intent of making good use of those muscles that Kenton said were in such good shape. I could hear her asking him if he had a television in the trailer.
 

Fifteen
Kenton and I said very little to each other while we labored with the move.  Josh behaved rudely around Kenton, but Kenton acted unbothered and I paid him no mind, since I assumed that he’d been poisoned by the Jeffersons.  
Whenever I felt bad about the obvious snubbing Josh gave Kenton, I told myself it didn’t matter to me.  I reminded myself that I was mad at him and never wanted to see him again. Although, I had to admit – privately, of course - that Hap’s praise of him peaked my interest.  How had he managed to single handedly keep the reserve free of vandalism and human vermin each night?
When we were all unpacked and Hap had sent the moving trailer away, my mother invited us all back to the house for dinner.  She insisted that it was too much for us to try to cook a dinner for ourselves after a day of packing and moving supplies, and then unpacking and setting up for the horses; as well as Josh and me.  
I could see that Hap was about to accept her invitation when she went on to explain that she’d taken the liberty of inviting the Jeffersons over for dinner.  Actually, they had invited us to their house, but when my mother explained our plans, Michael Jefferson insisted on bringing dinner to us.  He also sent his apologies that none of them were free to help move and asked that we give more notice before we do something like that again so that they could make arrangements to assist.
Hap not only made an excuse for himself not to attend dinner, but he went so far as to include Kenton in that excuse.  My first thought was that he knew about the feud between the Walters and the Jeffersons and wanted to provide Kenton with an easy out.  Although, it might have proved an interesting evening if Kenton had attended the dinner, I could understand his not wanting to put himself in such a position.  Hap’s support of Kenton earned my respect that evening.
My suspicions about mom having feelings for Hap that went beyond friendship were confirmed when I saw how disappointed she was that he wasn’t joining us for dinner. 
I couldn’t help comparing Hap to Michael. They were both about the same age and both in good physical condition, but Michael Jefferson had the looks of a model while Hap Knowles’ looks were so average that I doubted he’d turn a head once, let alone twice.
Admittedly, Hap had to be one of the nicest men I’d ever met.  He was kind and generous as well.  From what I’d deduced about Michael, he fell short in those areas.  Even so.  It was clear to me at the picnic that Michael was attracted to my mother.  Putting Kenton aside, it might have proven interesting to have both Michael and Hap at the same dinner table as my mother.
Call me terrible, but Hap’s refusal of the dinner invite for himself and Kenton caused a good deal of entertainment to be lost.
I was both disappointed and relieved when Hap whisked Kenton away with him in his car to fulfill the pretense he’d come up with to avoid having dinner with the Jeffersons.  I could be wrong, but my guess was that they were headed for the nearest diner.
I was starving.  So, I eagerly hopped into mom’s SUV while urging her to take us home immediately.  At that point, I could have cared less what menu Michael had planned.  Edible food on a plate was all that I needed.
They were pulling into the driveway just as we arrived. Mom greeted them with such a warm smile that you’d have never guessed she’d been struggling with a massive disappointment only minutes earlier.
Michael hopped out of the car and took her hands in his. “Well, Maryanne, hard work suits you.  I don’t know when I’ve seen you looking so lovely.”
With a girlish giggle, she lightly slapped him on the chest and chastised him for teasing her before scooting into the house.  As she rushed ahead of us, she called back for Josh and me to show them where to go with the food while promising she’d be downstairs in a jiffy.
Cindy hopped out of the van they’d driven over wearing a huge smile.  It was easy to see that she genuinely liked me.  Seeing her, Josh was suddenly aware of his state of disarray.  He quickly excused himself to go clean up; leaving me - with my grubby body - to perform hostess duty.  Fortunately, there was no one present who I cared to impress.  The only thing on my mind right then was to ease the hunger pangs in my stomach before I vomited.
I pulled enough plates from the cupboard to accommodate us all and began setting the table while Cindy and Wally unpacked the food with combined efficiency.  Ethan pitched in with the table setting by grabbing the flatware that we’d need to accommodate a very hearty meatloaf and mashed potato dinner.  
“Dad makes a killer meatloaf,” he said as he bent over my arms to position the flatware around the plate I was setting on the table.  He came so close to me that I could feel the heat of his breath against my cheek.
That was when I was suddenly aware of my own state of disarray.  I inched away from him for fear of offending his senses.  I may have washed my hands before touching the plates, but I’d been sweating and dealing with horses all day.  I couldn’t imagine how offensive it would be for the others to be seated at the same table as me while trying to enjoy a good meal.  With a sympathetic heart - and a devastated stomach - I made my excuses to go clean up.
I took the fastest shower in history and returned to the dinner table in record time; wet hair and all.  No one seemed to notice and, if they did, they made no mention of caring.
Ethan was right about the meatloaf.  I think I would have enjoyed it even if I wasn’t ravenous enough to eat shoe leather.  In fact, the meal had to be one of the best I’d had in a long time.  Simple, yet flavorful.
Mom and Michael retired to the patio while we children were left to clean up the dinner mess.  Since there were five of us, it wasn’t long before we were also enjoying the evening sky.  
“I can’t believe you moved out of this beautiful house to stay in that dumpy trailer,” Ethan said as he sat next to me on the front porch swing.
“Hap doesn’t want me riding in the reserve until he solves the murder case,” I said as I did my best to ignore my body’s reaction to the pheromones he was emitting.  Since being devirginized by Kenton, I was even more aware of men’s pheromones than before. 
“You’re shivering,” he said as he grabbed my wrist and inspected my arm.  “Are you seriously cold?”
“I get cool at night, no matter the season,” I lied.  I wasn’t about to admit that the goosebumps he was observing were from being so near to him.
He made a ‘hmm’ sound as he released my wrist and made himself more comfortable by stretching his arm behind me across the back of the swing.  “The girl was killed by a wolf.  Everyone knows that.  Why is Hap saying he needs to solve the case?”
I shrugged. “Maybe he’s trying to make sure he knows the type of wolf.”
Ethan laughed.  “Do you mean wolf verses werewolf?”
I laughed uncomfortably.  “Werewolf?  Hardly.  You and my mom need to get together.  She ranted like a crazy woman about werewolves after the girl was found.  Thankfully, she’s stopped, or I would have had to seek medical help for her.”
“You don’t believe in werewolves?” he asked with surprise.
I looked at him with concern. “Is that a serious question?” 
My look clearly didn’t bother him because he followed that question with, “How about vampires?  Do you believe in them?”  
“Are you making fun of me?” I hissed.
His brows went up in surprise.  “Not at all. I’m quite serious.”  Cindy and Wally were on the lawn catching fireflies with Josh.  He called them over.  “Missy, here, doesn’t believe in werewolves.”
Cindy gave me a startled look, as did Wally.
“You’ve moved to the wrong neck of the woods then,” Wally said while laughing.  “You’re in for a treat there, Missy.”
“I don’t understand,” I said as I searched Cindy’s face for some signs of sanity.
“Behind every myth, there is fact,” Josh said as he sat on the top step of the porch.
“Not you too,” I groaned.
Wally and Josh locked eyes and grinned.
“Okay,” I said as I stood up.  “I’m tired.  I think I’ll head back to the trailer.” I looked at Josh. “Are you coming?”
“Wally and I have a few things to discuss.  I’ll be along shortly.”
I looked at Cindy and smiled. “I hope you’ll be able to ride with me on Hap’s land.  He owns a few hundred acres and says the trails are nice.”
“I’ll come in the morning, if that’s okay,” she said while looking at Ethan.  “Ethan, you’re not going to let her walk into that trailer alone at night, are you?”
He stood up and cleared his throat. “Absolutely not.  I’ll drive you home.”
“I have a car,” I said as I pointed to the twelve-year-old Chevy next to my mother’s late model SUV.  
“Then, I’ll follow you there.”
I looked away.  The thought of being alone with him both excited and frightened me. “You don’t need to. I’ll be fine.”
“I insist,” he said as he headed inside.  “Just let me tell dad what’s up.”
A few minutes later he returned with my mother in tow.
“I’m so happy that Ethan is going to make sure you’re okay on your first night alone, honey. I’ll rest easier now,” she said as she glowered at Josh.  He shrugged and smiled while she hugged me good night. “I’ll be over in the morning to check on you.”
“I’m going riding with Cindy first thing,” I whispered, “but don’t tell Michael. He doesn’t like horses and imposes his opinion on others.  He’d shit a brick if he knew she was riding with me.”
“Shit a… Missy, really.  Language,” she huffed.  After a suitable mother reprimanding-the-daughter-for-her-language scowl, she smiled once more and gave me a final hug good-night.  “I’ll be over around lunch, then.”
 

Sixteen
My trembling hands gripped the steering wheel as I pulled out of our driveway and headed toward Hap’s trailer.  I sincerely wished that Cindy hadn’t verbalized Ethan’s attraction to me.  I was having a difficult enough time dealing with the way my body was responding to him without the knowledge that he liked me adding fuel to the fire.
 Back in Chicago, if someone as handsome as Ethan spared a second to give me a smile, I would have walked on clouds for a month.   I’d spent enough time around him to understand that his arrogance was a shield that he placed around himself to hide his insecurities.
I pulled up to the trailer and sat in the car while I watched his van stop behind me. When he turned off his lights and got out, I did the same.
“Do you have the keys to the front door?” he asked in a brisk manner while holding his hand out, expectantly.
I fumbled for the right key and handed it to him without saying a word. He ordered me in a none-too-gentle tone of voice to stay put while he checked to make sure that no one had entered the trailer while we were at dinner.  When he came back, he was less tense and wore a smile.  “All’s clear.”
“Why wouldn’t it be?” I asked as I moved past him.  “You people are more paranoid that they are in Chicago where there’s a rape or a murder going on every day.”
 “Do you have wolves invading homes there?” he asked.
“They enter homes?” I gasped.  “Hap never said…”
“They’re werewolves, Missy. Of course, they’ll enter a home,” he said with a hint of ‘don’t you know anything?’ in his voice.
“Damn. I thought you were serious for a second,” I said as I placed my hand over my heart. “Don’t tease like that, Ethan.  I’m still not a country girl.”
He shook his head.  “Don’t believe me and see where that gets you.”
A howl echoed through the trees outside and I jumped toward him in fright.  He extended his arms and wrapped me close to his chest.
I knew I should have moved, but my body was frozen with a mixture of fear and desire.  Damn those pheromones!  
“I’m sorry.”  My voiced was muffled as I spoke into his chest. “You freaked me out with the wolf stuff and then that howl… Sorry.”
Neither of us spoke or made an effort to shift positions.  It was like we were frozen in time and space.
I couldn’t help noticing how his heartbeat had a similar rhythm as Kenton’s did while I remained wrapped in his arms.  I finally shifted a bit and he tightened his hold on me.
“Don’t move,” he whispered as he rested his chin on the top of my head.  “Not yet.”
My eyes flew open. “Is it outside?”
“Something is,” he said softly.  “Just stay still for a little longer.”
That had to be the easiest request I’d had in ages.  Being wrapped in the handsome Ethan Jefferson’s arms was something I wasn’t eager to undo.  I smiled to myself and nestled just a little closer. In response, he molded his body around mine.  
It was entirely too intimate for non-lovers, but I didn’t care.  Kenton had unleashed a part of me that I’d repressed out of a sense of duty to my mother and brother.  While most of the girls in my class were off exploring their sexuality, I was home tending to domestic matters that my drunken mother wasn’t able to deal with.  In many ways I’d grown up faster than my peers, but, in the sex department, I was behind them.  I’m sure that there were others out there who turned eighteen while still a virgin, but I was also sure that they were far and few between.  
Now, it was as if my body intended to play catch up.  It didn’t help that there were so many hot and available guys to select from on that mountain.  I felt like I’d walked into an all you can eat bakery that was filled with my favorite pastries.
I could feel the heat of his breath as we stood perfectly still in what could only be described as a lover’s embrace.  Did he realize this? Or, was he so absorbed in listening for his mythical creature that he didn’t grasp what was happening?  I knew a guy back in Chicago who’d get so engrossed in his video games that he carried them into his reality.  Was that what Ethan was doing?
I found myself pondering over whether or not he’d had sex.  It seemed a foolish question, even to me.  Considering his age, he must have had it at some point.  Boys worked faster than girls did in that department.  I had it on good authority that even my younger brother was no longer a virgin.  
What was wrong with me?  I needed to get my head straight and stop thinking about sex with this guy like some wanton wild thing. My body may have wanted it, but I didn’t want the rejection that followed easy sex.  I’d experienced it with Kenton.  That was enough.  I’d abstained far longer than my friends and I didn’t want it all to be for naught. I wanted to give sex the respect it deserved.  That didn’t include casual, one-night stands.
His kiss was unexpected, yet sweet.  Unlike Kenton’s kiss, it lacked the passion that roused my body to the point of no return.  I responded to it willingly, but when his hands went to my breast, I stopped him.  He pulled away and looked into my eyes.  I felt such a pull that I was afraid of getting lost in them before he showed mercy and looked away.
His voice was deep and husky as he released me and said, “I don’t know what got into me.  Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” I replied as I did my best to steady myself now that I no longer had his support to rely on. In a softer, barely audible voice I surprised myself by saying, “I liked it.”
“You tasted sweet,” he said as he put his finger beneath my chin and pulled my face toward his again.  “I want to kiss you again.”
I raised my face to meet his and closed my eyes in preparation of receiving yet another gentle kiss.  Instead, he consumed me with a passion that matched, if not exceeded Kenton’s.  It was so aggressive, I could almost call it beastly.  Even so, I liked it.
I moaned with pleasure as he wrapped me in his arms, once again, and slowly walked me to the sofa; his lips never parting with mine.  My head spun as he lowered me onto my back and positioned his body over mine.  
My mind raced over what to do. I’d already stopped him once, yet, here I was laying beneath him. I wanted this, yet I didn’t want it at the same time. I squirmed to free myself from his weight, but got nowhere.
When he finally released my lips, I moaned my objections to his actions in a pathetically weak manner.  It was so pathetic that it didn’t surprise me that he didn’t take them seriously as his hands pawed at my lady parts with a type of desperation.  It both turned me on and creeped me out. 
Handsome or not, common sense told me that things were going too far, too fast.  I could see that he intended to have sex with me.  Sex, not make love.  I didn’t want that.  I never wanted that.  When I was with Kenton, it felt right. It felt like he loved me.  Never mind what happened afterward. During the act, it was beautiful.  There was nothing beautiful about this. It was aggressive and animal like.
“Stop,” I finally managed to say in a tone that hinted of sincerity.
“Just relax,” he said with a breathy voice in my ear as he freed my breast from the confines of my bra.  
Reasoning told me that I’d said ‘no’ and that this was rape, yet, I knew deep inside that it wasn’t.  I may be saying ‘no’ to him with my pathetically wimpy voice, but my body was saying ‘yes, please’ loud and clear. He knew it and so did I.
I wrestled with the pleasurable sensation of his suckling of my nipple and the repulsion of our actions. It was as if my mind and my body were warring with each other.
“I don’t want to do this,” I said as I gasped with pleasure from his aggressive attention to my breasts. 
Hearing the words spoken gave a little more credence to them.   I made a feeble attempt to pull him off my breast, but not enough to stop my fickle body from responding on its own.  To my shame, my hands switched from pushing his head away to holding it, firmly, against my breast while my fingers intertwined with his silken hair.
He felt like lead weight as he maneuvered himself just enough to remove my pants without my escaping.  I filled my lungs with air with the intention of wailing my ridiculously phony protest.  Perhaps if I shouted it out, my body would listen to reason and stop the madness.  But, he covered my mouth with his hand before I managed to get a sound out.
I felt more betrayed by my own body as it responded to what his fingers were doing between my legs and his mouth was doing at my breast than I did by the fact that he was taking me without verbal permission.  I could feel the moistness forming in my groin as my abdomen contracted with desire.
My mind was tortured by what was happening.  This was so far removed from being romantic. I was especially angry with my body for responding even while I had my air passages blocked. I thought that I might suffocate before he removed his hand from my mouth.  When he finally did, I sucked in air with a desperation I’d never known.  
It was then that it happened. The complete betrayal of my body.   Something snapped in me when his lips left my breast and his tongue trickled down my torso to delight me in ways I knew all so well. My mind gave in to my body’s desires and shoved away all resistance. 
My last boyfriend and I had become experts at oral sex; telling ourselves that it wasn’t really sex because he hadn’t penetrated me.  The result of such familiarity was that my body went wild with pleasure and desire almost as soon as Ethan’s mouth started working its magic.  I found myself verbally demanding that he do to me what I’d only just insisted I didn’t want him to do.   
Oh, the fickleness of hormones.
He raised himself off of me just enough to pull his pants down past his knees while I squirmed with a need so great I thought I’d go insane.  I felt cold and abandoned, so I reached up and grabbed his shoulders to pull him back to me.
I could feel the tip of him resting at my pulsing opening as he said, “Are you sure you want to go all the way?  I can stop now.”
I didn’t recognize the woman I’d become. I grabbed his hips and forced him deep inside of me. It was as if I was taking him instead of him taking me.
Such madness.  
I quickly recovered from the shock of my own actions as I felt him move inside of me with a power that was so intense I found it difficult to match.  It wasn’t long before I felt a jolt of energy surge through me as if I’d exploded inside.  By the way he drove himself into me with that final thrust, it was clear we’d peaked simultaneously.
As I lay in satiated bliss with him still inside of my womanhood, I could feel the stickiness oozing out of me and onto the sofa. My first thought was that I was bleeding again. This didn’t make sense, since Kenton had already broken my barrier. It took a while for my mind to clear enough to realize that the stickiness was from our sex juices.  Panic over the fact that we hadn’t used a condom quickly replaced my satiated sex high.
I tried to push him off of me, but he wouldn’t budge.  Instead, he began to slowly move in and out of me again. 
I hissed into his chest, “You aren’t wearing a condom.”
“It feels good this way,” he replied as his movements grew more determined.
I tried to push at his torso while my hips betrayed me, once again, by matching the momentum of his thrusts.  Before long, I’d forgotten all about the absence of a condom. I was driven by only one focus; my body’s pleasure.
He drove himself into me for so long and so hard that we were both slick with sweat by the time we peaked.  His flesh felt slimy against my bare breasts. He slid it back and forth over my nipples so that his coarse chest hair brought them to attention.  I arched my back in response until he relieved their need by suckling. First one and then the other.
He eased out of me so that he could better focus on my breasts.  I harbored a hint of worry about the fact that our sex juices were getting on the sofa, but it was overshadowed by the pleasure he gave me.  
I smiled as I recalled how I’d wondered if he’d ever had sex as he nibbled one nipple and gently pinched the other. He’d clearly been taught what a woman liked by someone.  
I gasped with shock and surprise when he moved his head back down between my thighs and lapped at our sex juices like one might an ice cream cone.  He even made pleasure noises like one might hear when they were eating a fine meal.
I fought the urge to giggle over the weird outrageousness of it all until his teeth took my sensitive nub gently between them and he teased it in a knowing manner.  That did it.  I threw all caution to the wind as I raised my hips high into the air to make myself more accessible to him while satiating the need in my breasts with my own hands.  I exploded with pleasure multiple times before he’d finished doing what he did so well.  
When I thought I could stand no more, he entered me again.  To my wonderment, he had the same power behind his thrusts as he had in sessions one and two.   I wasn’t an expert, but I didn’t think a man could have that much sex without resting in between and I certainly didn’t think they’d maintain the same stamina in round three as they displayed in round one. 
I’d peaked so many times that I had nothing left in me for his final thrusts.  Sex felt very different when I wasn’t aroused and needy.  In a way, I found it irritating.  I didn’t care for the fact that his thrusts were so deep into me that it actually felt like he was bruising my insides.  Nor did I enjoy the slimy feel of so much sex juices from our other times.  I especially didn’t like the feel of it gushing out of me like water through a sump pump and sliding onto the sofa every time he pulled back for another thrust. 
He mistook my shudder of repulsion for peaking again and allowed himself to release his seed into me one more time.  I didn’t want to think about whether or not I’d conceived.  Even worse, had he transferred a sexual disease to me?
I watched as he finally stood up and went to the bathroom to clean up.  I felt so sweaty, dirty, and tired that I could barely bring myself to move.  Even worse, I had so much of his seed inside of me that I was afraid that it would all come pouring out once I stood up.  He must have guessed what was going through my mind because he returned with a towel and stuffed it between my legs.
I became very self-conscious and embarrassed about my nakedness when he sat in the chair opposite of me and demanded that I spread my legs apart.  I was mortified, yet, for some unexplainable reason, I did as he asked.  It was as if I couldn’t resist.  He leaned forward and spread my flesh apart so that I was completely exposed.  His strong fingers pulled my opening wide like a doctor performing an internal.  He stared and poked at my private parts for so long that they no longer felt private. His fingers dripped with sex juices by the time he finished his inspection.  I shuddered with repulsion as he wiped the sticky substance on to my sore nipples and then gently licked it off. He couldn’t possibly think that was sexy.  All the while, he had a look on his face that gave me the impression that his mind was miles away.  When he was done, he praised me for having a beautiful snatch and great tits.
I snapped my legs back together in response to his crude comment and, with towel stuffed in my crotch, I hobbled off to the bathroom.
I sat on the toilet and let the sex juices flow out of me while tears flowed from my eyes.  What had I done?  What was wrong with me?  It was as if I’d been fed a crazy pill or something. I’d seen an XXX movie before while at an all girl’s slumber party.  Our behavior reminded me of it.  All we lacked was the camera. To add to the madness, we’d had unsafe sex.
I was just stepping into the shower when he stood in the doorway and said, “You’re probably pregnant.  We should marry.”
“That’s insane,” I said as I regulated the water temperature.  I was completely naked, but, at this point, it seemed silly to worry about it.
He moved to the edge of the shower as I stood under the shower head and allowed the soothing water to wash away a good deal of the ‘ick’ I felt.
“Why is it insane?” he asked with sincerity as he reached out and traced my nipple with the tip of his finger. “I probably got you pregnant.  Do you want to raise the kid by yourself?”
“Who says I want a kid?” I asked as I slapped his hand away.  I poured shampoo into the palm of my hand and lathered my wet hair.  “I have plans for my future that don’t include being a mother.  Not yet, anyway.”
“You’d kill it?” he practically howled.
I rinsed the suds from my hair with meticulous care while he watched. By the way he was breathing, I could tell that he was upset.
“I don’t want to upset you and I’m not a murderer.  Let’s hold this conversation off until we find out if I even got pregnant, okay?”
“Are you kidding me?” he said with a boastful chuckle.  “As many loads as I blasted in you…  It’s impossible for you not to be.”
“Blasted loads?” I repeated, incredulously, as I continued to wash my body. “Did you really just say that?”
He shrugged, but said nothing as I turned off the shower and wrapped myself in a towel. When I tried to walk past him, he ripped the towel from my body, sucked at my breast so hard that it hurt, and groped my crotch until his fingers were deep inside of me.  I was at a loss of what to do.  The act felt possessive, yet violent.  I was actually fearful of denying him, so I offered him no resistance.  
He eased up on his suckling until it actually began to feel good while his fingers worked on arousing me.  He managed to get a slight response from me before I gently pushed him away. Enough was enough for one night.  I gathered my courage to speak.
“Listen.  It was fun and all, but you’ve worn me out.  Maybe it’s time for you to leave.  I imagine Michael will be looking for his van about now,” I said in a voice that was as calm as I could make it.
“Shit, I forgot I had his van,” Ethan said with a scowl.  He knelt down and pulled me close enough to allow him to tease my nub with his tongue while he sucked at the juices I readily provide.  I threw my head to the side and arched my breasts forward to encourage him to ease their need while I cursed myself for all those years of oral sex. My womanhood was like a trained monkey. One flick of the tongue and it came alive; no questions asked.
With my back pinned against the door frame for support, I let him wrap my legs around his neck as he brought me to a peak once again.  I’d never had a sex partner drink in my juices before and, although the sucking sensation felt good, I wasn’t sure I was comfortable with it, but I said nothing.  Satisfied, he stood up and reminded me in no uncertain terms that my snatch belonged to him while he praised me for having the hottest and most delicious lady parts he’d ever encountered and declared that he just couldn’t get enough of them.  I didn’t bother to tell him how much I hated the term ‘snatch’.  I just wanted him to leave.  I was exhausted and needed to think.
As he rushed to the door, he added, “I’ll come by tomorrow and we can talk.”  Then, with a boyish grin, he ran his tongue over his lips and said in a voice that harbored a hint of growl in it, “And do more of this, for sure, my sweet and tasty woman.”
“Good-bye,” I said with an exasperated sigh as I closed the door behind him.
I wasn’t sure how I felt about him.  We’d had incredible sex, yet it felt like it was wrong sex.  He was ridiculously handsome, but it was somehow overshadowed by a feeling of dread over his obsessiveness that hinted of violence.  
Could I be angry about the lack of a condom?  I wasn’t sure.  I’d said ‘no’ when he first started things, but it was in such a way that sounded false even to me.  There was also the fact that he offered to stop after the oral sex and it was me who initiated him entering me.  Never once had the thought of a condom entered my mind.
I thought of how Kenton had used the condom without mention and sighed.  I missed him.  I missed our late-night conversations, his handsome smile, his bright blue eyes… him.   I leaned against the door and held my chest.  Even after the intense sex with the handsome Ethan, my heart ached from the pain of Kenton’s rejection. I couldn’t help wondering if I’d disappointed Kenton in some way. Ethan was certainly pleased, but, then, we’d done things I was more accustomed to.  Kenton simply took my virginity and walked away. Had he done what Ethan did, perhaps he wouldn’t have been so disappointed in me.
 

Seventeen

Ethan was gone about an hour when I heard a soft knock on the door.  Thinking it was Josh finally coming home, I opened the door without hesitation. 
“Hi,” Kenton said in a soft tone as I stood looking at him with a dumb look on my face. “Can I come in?”
When I made no move to let him in -actually, I made no move at all.  Instead, I stood immobile with my hand on the door, like a statue – he asked for entry a second time.  This time I responded.
“It’s late,” I said in a very unfriendly tone.
“Since when was that an issue for us?” he asked.  When I still didn’t move, he sighed and said, “Then, will you come outside for a moment?”
I don’t know why, but I suddenly felt guilty about having sex with Ethan. It was as if I’d cheated on Kenton, as ridiculous as that seemed.   
I heaved a sigh and stepped aside, “Come in.   I heard a wolf howling a while ago. I don’t want to go outside.”
“You’re not worried for the horses?  Just you?” he asked with surprise. 
My eyes flew open. “The horses!” I exclaimed.  With all that happened, they never even entered my mind.  I suddenly felt very ashamed.
“They’re fine,” he assured me. “I checked on them while you were… err… with Ethan.”
“You know?” I gasped.
“I came to see you and he was here,” he explained. “I heard the howl and figured I’d make sure the horses were good.” With a sad smile, he said, “They are.”
“How much do you know?” I asked.  When he gave me a puzzled look, I clarified my question by saying, “About Ethan being here, I mean.”
“If you’re asking me if I know that you two had sex. I do, but it’s not my business as you so clearly pointed out,” he said. “Although, I’m still trying to understand why you treated me like a one-night stand. I took a good amount of time to get to know you before we made love.  I even waited until after you turned eighteen out of respect.  Believe me. I wanted you from day one, but I waited.”
“Then you told me to clean up and walked off without a backward glance,” I said; the hurt clearly in my voice.
“You prefer to be mauled in the manner Ethan did and then possessed like an object?” he said. “Now that he’s had you, he’ll claim you as his and you’ll be lucky to get two minutes to yourself.  He’ll turn you into a baby machine.”
I sensed that he was right, and it frightened me. “How do you know that?” 
He shrugged.  “It’s their way.”
“Well, it’s not my way,” I said with conviction.
“And, if you’re pregnant?” he asked.
I had no idea how he knew so much, but hearing him say these things to me not only broke my heart because I knew I’d hurt him deeply, but it frightened me. I didn’t want to have a baby and I certainly didn’t want to become Ethan’s property.  Or, should I say, sex toy.
Tears rolled down my cheeks as I buried my face in my hands. “I have no idea what’s wrong with me.”
“Don’t blame yourself,” he said as he knelt before me and gently pulled my hands from my face. “I want to have a long talk with you to explain things, but there’s something we need to do first.”
“What’s that?” I asked.
“If you truly don’t want a baby, I suggest you take the precaution and go to the drugstore to get the morning after treatment,” he said.
“You can get that over the counter?” I asked with hope in my voice.
He smiled and nodded.  “Shall we go?”
It was then that I realized that I hadn’t brought my handbag with me.  I had no money.  When I explained this to him, along with my dread of explaining to my mother why I needed to return to the house for it at such a late hour, he offered to buy it for me.
I was too shaken to drive, so I handed him the keys.  He opened the passenger door of the front for me and waited until I’d settled in before he closed it and went to the driver’s side. I nervously teased him about his old-fashioned chivalrous ways matching his old-fashioned sayings and he flashed me a smile that was enough to melt my heart; as well as intensify my guilt for having sex with Ethan.  
I watched as he slid behind the wheel of my car with the ease of a man who was very familiar with vehicles.  I found this interesting, since I’d never seen him with any mode of transportation other than his feet.
As we drove into town, I couldn’t help marveling over how gracious he was being.  I don’t know if I’d have been as kind and understanding if the situation was reversed.
Not only was he a skilled driver, but he knew his way around the area and was able to take a short cut over a mountainous dirt road to the drug store.  What I expected to take thirty minutes only took fifteen.  At his suggestion, I waited in the car while he ran inside and purchased the pregnancy preventative and a bottle of water.  We read the directions together before he handed me the water to help wash it down. 
As we drove home, I reached for his hand and squeezed it. “Thank you.”
He said nothing, but he did smile warmly before focusing on the road.  Our shortcut took us over a dirt road that required he pay attention to the many deep ruts that could take out the undercarriage of my car.  I marveled over how I’d been so out of it on the way to the drugstore that I never noticed how severe the terrain was.  My entire body tensed, and I held my breath more than once as he skillfully avoided enormous pot holes as they practically flew at us through the darkness. The dim beams that managed to find their way through the dirty lens covers of the car lights did a poor job of illuminating the night.  We were fortunate to have the aid of the full moon.
Relief flooded me when we finally pulled onto the main road and headed for Hap’s trailer.
“Are you sure it’s such a wise thing to stay in that trailer?” he asked.
“Hap’s worried about the wolves in the reserve,” I said.  “I didn’t realize they were on his property too.”
“Only because you’re there,” he said. 
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
We pulled up to the trailer and he turned off the car. “Can I come inside long enough to have that talk?  Then, I promise I’ll leave if you want me to.”
“I’m not having sex with you,” I said, warily.
“Hmmm, sex with Ethan and then me?  I think not.”
I felt horrible just hearing that statement.
“I’m so sorry. I wasn’t thinking,” I said with earnest.
“You need to be made aware of certain things if you plan to live here.  Let’s go inside,” he urged.
I followed him into the trailer and sat down on the sofa.  My eyes went wide at the sight of the dried and crusted sex fluids on the cushion.  I was mortified, but I didn’t want to bring attention to it by cleaning it in front of him.  So, I sat on it instead.  The mere thought of what I was sitting on made me feel gross and disgusting.
I watched him ease into the chair opposite me and waited for him to speak.
“I know that your mother told you about werewolves being in the hills and I know that you rejected that idea,” he began.
“My mom had a drinking problem that left her a little brain damaged, I think.”
“Didn’t Ethen say that there were werewolves?” 
“He did, and I told him not to tease me like that.   Now that I think about it, he was probably making fun of my mother.” I slapped my forehead with the palm of my hand.  “I can be so stupid at times.”
“There are werewolves in this area, as well as other parts of the world. They’re everywhere, actually, but more plentiful in some places than in others.”
My heart was heavy with disappointment. Kenton was clearly getting payback for my sleeping with Ethan. “Maybe you should go. I’m not up to this right now.”
“How many people have to tell you about the werewolves before you listen?  Your mother, Hap, Ethan, me… yet, you still reject the idea.”
I massaged my temples. “I reject it because it’s insane.” 
“And so was the idea of the world being round at one time.  Interestingly enough, there was once a time when fae of all breeds roamed the earth in open freedom.”
“Fae?” I asked.  “You mean fairy?”
“There are many definitions for the term fae,” he said.  “In this instance, it means non-human.”
“Such as werewolves,” I said.
He nodded. “And vampires, and fairies, and elves, etcetera.”
“Hell,” I moaned as I cradled my head in my hands. “I’m going crazy.”
“You might end up so if you don’t get some sense and listen to me,” he urged.
I sat for a moment in silence. “Okay.  Let’s say I believe you.  What do we do about it?”
“The first thing is to gain an understanding so that you are prepared in any situation.” 
“You’re already losing me,” I muttered.
He smiled patiently and took a deep breath. “Let me approach this differently.  As there are many creatures on the planet, not all humanoids are human. Some are able to take on a human form, but they are also able to shift; such as the werewolf. When they are in human form, a human can’t detect that they aren’t a real human, but another fae can.  Just as there are good and bad humans, there are good and bad fae.”
“So, the werewolf that killed that girl is a bad fae?”
“Werewolf,” he corrected me. “They all fall under the label of fae, but we prefer to differentiate the breeds instead of lumping them all together.”
“Excuse me,” I said with a bit more sarcasm than intended.
He looked at me, thoughtfully, with those beautiful eyes of his. “You surprise me.  I never thought you’d be so closed minded.”
I shrugged.  “Maybe once I see one, I’ll believe.”
“You’d better hope the one you see is friendly because, if it isn’t, it won’t matter whether you believe or not because you’ll be dead.”
My head was pounding to the point I thought I was going to vomit. “I don’t know if it’s that pregnancy prevention medication that I took or if I’m just really tired, but my head feels like it’s going to burst, and I might throw up.”
“Let’s get you to bed,” he said with concern.  When I hesitated, he said, “I need to leave anyway. I’ve been here quite a while.  I’ll just see that you’re tucked in safely and then I’ll be on my way.  We can continue this talk tomorrow.”
“To keep the reserve free of vermin?” I said as I stumbled into the bedroom.
“Exactly,” he replied.
I sat on the edge of the bed.  I suddenly felt absolutely awful.  So awful, in fact, that it frightened me. “I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m afraid to be alone.  I feel that bad.”
He crouched in front of me so that we were face to face. “Do you want me to stay?  I can take a night off and hold vigil in the living room if you want.”
“Maybe just until Josh comes home,” I said.
He looked at his watch. “It’s pretty late already.  Do you think maybe he decided to stay at the house tonight?”
“He never called,” I pouted.
“Have you checked your phone?”  he asked. “Maybe the ringer is off and he left you a message.”
I moaned loudly. “I didn’t bring it.  It’s on the night stand next to my bed in my room.”
“Okay, that’s it,” he said firmly. “No phone, no Josh, no alone.  I’m staying here until morning.”
I struggled out of my tee shirt, mindless of the fact that he was still in the room.  I’m guessing that the condition that I was suddenly in worried him just as much as it worried me because he grabbed a nightgown from the bag my mother packed and literally put me in it.  I marveled over the difference in the way he and Ethan handled me.  Ethan was aggressive in his actions, while Kenton was careful and gentle. 
“You’d make a good doctor or a nurse,” I mumbled as I allowed him to lay me back onto the pillows he’d fluffed and tuck the covers under my chin. 
The last thing I remember before sleep consumed me was his sexy smile and him saying, “I’ll keep that in mind.” 


Eighteen
It was late morning when I awoke to the heavy knocking on the door. I called for Kenton with a raspy voice, but he didn’t reply so I dragged myself out of bed to answer it.  When I stood up, I could feel the blood gushing down my legs.  
“Missy? Missy, it’s Cindy.  Are you in there?  I went to check on the horses.  Have you tended to them yet?”
I leaned against the wall while I tried to make the world stop spinning.  “I’m sick, Cindy. Try the door to see if it’s locked.”
A loud gasp told me that the door wasn’t locked and my friend was inside. “That’s way too much blood to be your monthly.  What’s going on?”
 My voice trembled with fear and weakness.  “Can you help me?”
“What do you want me to do?  Do you want to go to the hospital?”
I looked down at the pool of dark blood on the floor and nodded.  “Can you get my mother?”
She guided my trembling body to a kitchen chair, found a towel for me to stuff between my legs, and ordered me to stay put while she called my mother on the cell phone that she had the presence of mind to bring with her.  
My mother was so fast getting to me that I questioned if she drove or flew.  “Why didn’t you call me?” 
“I left my cell phone at the house,” I said weakly.
She and Cindy helped me to the car.  Cindy insisted on staying behind to tend to the horses while my mother rushed me to the hospital. I thanked her, repeatedly, for being such a good friend as I was loaded into the car.
“I don’t understand what’s happening,” mom huffed with despair.  “It looks like your hemorrhaging.”
I assumed it was the result of taking that pregnancy preventative and questioned the wisdom in doing it.  
“I’m being punished for taking the morning after whatever you call it,” I mumbled. 
“For pregnancy?” she screeched as she struggled to keep the car on the road.  When I nodded, she asked, “Who have you been sleeping with?  Kenton?  Ethan?”
“Yes, and Yes, but Kenton used a condom.” 
I marveled over how casually I’d presented the facts to her.  It was a clear sign that I wasn’t right.  My demeaner was almost too calm.  Hers, on the other hand, was so out of control it made up for my excessive calmness.  She ranted about men’s opinion of easy women, safe sex, miscarriages, single moms, pregnancies, and babies for the duration of the trip.  I can’t remember ever being as happy to see an emergency room as I was just then.
The doctor confirmed that I was miscarrying. He insisted that a morning after pregnancy preventative would not cause such a dramatic blood flow unless I was at least a month pregnant and warned me never to pull a stunt like that again.  He declared me lucky to have miscarried since the medication could have caused irreparable damage to the unborn child and a guaranteed birth defect as a result. He didn’t believe in abortions, but he’d have been forced to recommend one in that case.
It wasn’t until we were driving home that my mother calmed down enough to speak.
“I suppose that I should be thankful that you made it this far without getting pregnant,” she muttered.
“FYI, mom,” I said with emotion. “I made it to my eighteenth birthday still a virgin.”
“What?” she said with surprise. “You bled like you were a few months pregnant.”
I was just as baffled as she was.  “Try a few hours.  Does it make a difference how many times in a row you do it?”
Her face lost its color and her knuckles went white as she turned the steering wheel to maneuver the car onto the side of the road and pulled it to a halt.   She turned to me, filled her lungs with air and then expelled it slowly.  “I would like to think that we have a good enough relationship that we can talk about anything together.” When I nodded, she continued.  “You are my little girl who is now a woman.  Unfortunately, I don’t think of you as a woman yet.  That will take time to adjust to so I want you to go slow with me.  Feeding me too much information at one time has the potential to send me into overload.” She smiled warmly and reached over to brush a stray hair from my face.  “With that being said.  No. Having sex multiple times in a row will not make a difference about the size of the fetus.  Time does that.”
“Then, I don’t get it.  Kenton and I used a condom and, even then, it was only last week.  Before that, I was still a virgin.”
She looked at me warily. “I hope you aren’t going to go wild and have sex with a bunch of different boys.  Especially unprotected sex.  There’s more than just pregnancy to worry about.”
I looked out of the window and muttered.  “I didn’t want to do it with Ethan.”
I heard her gasp loudly. “He raped you?”
“No, it wasn’t like that.  I don’t know.  I said ‘no’ and then I went along with it. It was as if I was drugged or something, but I know I wasn’t,” I said hesitantly.
“So, then he took you to get that blasted medication and left you there to bleed to death?” she practically bellowed.
“Kenton took me for the meds, not Ethan,” I mumbled.
“Kenton was there too?” she asked with despair.
“He came after Ethan left.  I took the pills as soon as he got in the car and gave them to me.  Then we came home and talked for a bit about werewolves.” I ran my fingers through my tangled waves as I pulled on my foggy memories from the night before. “I started to feel sick with a headache and nausea so he said he’d stay in the living room until morning to make sure I was okay.  He was gone when I got up, though.”
“What time was that?”
“When Cindy called you.”
“Around ten.  Well, then, I guess I can’t be angry with him.  That’s pretty late. I’m sure he had things to tend to,” she said, thoughtfully. “As long as he stayed with you through the night.”
“Kenton would honor his word.”
“What about Ethan?” she asked.
“I don’t know him well enough to say,” I mused.
“Yet, you know him well enough to have unprotected sex?” she asked with raised brow.
“Please, mom.  Can we put it to rest?  I know it was wrong.  I can’t explain why I did it.  I just did it.”
“I think you need to take the time to understand why you did it so that it doesn’t happen again,” she said as she pulled her SUV into the grass and dirt drive leading to Hap’s trailer.  “Especially since I see Ethan waiting for you.”
Panic filled me as I looked in the direction my mother was indicating.  Sure enough, Ethan was waiting on the steps of the trailer. When he saw us pull in, he stood up.  “Mom, please don’t say anything. Please.”
She threw her hands in the air. “You’re a big girl now, Missy.  If you want to handle this, then it’s fine with me.”
With a sigh of relief, I carefully got out of the car.  Although she agreed to say nothing, my mother had no intention of leaving without making sure that I was settled in.  She walked past Ethan without so much as a glance and held the door to the trailer open while she waited for me to follow.
As I passed by Ethan, I smiled and whispered a request for him to come back at a later time.  
Seeing that my mother was upset with him, he nodded, made some lame comment about the fact that he was just checking on Cindy’s whereabouts, and then got in to his truck and drove off.
As mom ushered me to the sofa, a hint of panic rose as I remembered the crusted sex fluids on the cushion.  I quickly started a silent prayer that she wouldn’t notice it and then stopped because it was gone.  I didn’t know whether it was Kenton or Cindy who had taken care of it and I didn’t want to know.  The entire scenario was mortifying.
I’d just settled onto the sofa with a cup of herbal mint tea when Cindy popped her head inside the trailer. “How are you doing?”
“Come in, dear,” my mother said with a warm and friendly tone.  It was nice to see that she wasn’t imposing her angst with Ethan on his cousin.  “I just made a pot of mint tea. Would you like a cup?”
Cindy looked thoughtful. “I’ve never had mint tea.”
Mom smiled. “Then, you’re in for a treat.  Come in and sit.”
We sat and sipped our tea while we made small talk and skirted around the topic of what just happened.  After fussing in the kitchen for a bit and insisting that she was going to contact Hal to make arrangements to move me back home – for which I gave no argument -, my mother said her good-byes and left Cindy and I to enjoy each other’s company.
When it felt right, I confessed what had happened.
“I knew he was going to pull a stunt like that last night,” Cindy lamented.
“Why did you suggest he make sure I got home okay if you knew?” I asked.
“He made me,” she said as she looked away as if unable to face me.
“I not only don’t get it, but throwing your friend to the wolves isn’t the way we work back in Chicago.”
I could see that she was nervous as she looked out of the window at nothing in particular.  “It’s not easy living with them.  They make me do things that I’d rather not do.”
“Such as?” 
“Such as last night,” she said with a frown.
“What would have happened if you hadn’t obeyed him?” I asked with worry.  It was clear by the look on her face that there was much more that she should be saying that she wasn’t.
She looked directly at me. “How much do you know about the werewolves on this mountain?”
“You too?” I cried.
“So, someone has told you about them?” she asked with eagerness.
“Let’s see.  My mother, Hap, Ethan, Kenton, and now you.”
“What did Ethan tell you?” 
“I can’t remember, exactly,” I said.  “Last night was a weird night and then today, when I woke up…”
“Yes.  I understand,” she said briskly before taking a deep breath as if to help regulate her breathing.  “Since Ethan said something to you about the werewolves, I’m going to fill in the blanks.”
“I want you to know that I’m not sure that I believe,” I warned her.
“Even with what happened last night and everyone telling you?” she asked with surprise. When I nodded, she continued with, “Well, I’m going to tell you anyway. I’m not a werewolf.  Or at least not one who changes during the full moon.”
I chuckled, “That’s good to know.”
She continued as if I’d said nothing.  “I have werewolf genes in me, but they never kicked in because they’re watered down.  That’s been happening because the new generations of men and women have been going outside the packs and pairing up with humans.”
I looked at her like she had two heads, but said nothing.
“You also have the gene.  Did you know that?” she asked. 
I shook my head.
“In fact,” she said with a smile, “There’s a possibility that your genes are stronger than mine.”
My voice had an edge to it as I hesitantly asked, “Does that mean that I’ll turn into a werewolf?”  
“That’s what we’re trying to figure out, but your mom hasn’t been very cooperative about sharing your father’s family history.  We know her side of it. Your great grandmother was a werewolf.  She married a hybrid and then your grandfather married a human. That might be why your mother never turned.  First the genes were interfered with hybrid stuff and then human stuff. Most of the time, if you’re going to turn, it happens around your sixteenth birthday, but with those of us who have watered down genes, it can be delayed for a few years or never happen at all.”
She wasn’t watching me to see my reaction, which was probably a good thing because, about the time she said my great grandmother was a werewolf, she’d lost all credibility with me.
Instead of calling her on her craziness, I asked, “What’s a hybrid?”
“It’s part werewolf and part something else.  Usually, but not always, it’s vampire,” she said with a certainty.
I decided that either she was nuts or, since she wasn’t from there, she’d listened to and believed a bunch of bullshit stories.
I heaved a sigh. “Okay. Let’s say I go along with the werewolf and vampire thing.  Tell me.  The stories around werewolves say that they bite  you and then you become one. Is that true?”
“If they leave their venom in you, yes,” she said with a nod.
“Then, what’s the big deal?  Why not just go around and bite a bunch of people to enlarge your pack?”
“A small part of the reason is pedigree.  Michael’s bloodline is pure and he wants his offspring to be of it. Mainly, though…. Those who are born a werewolf are stronger, faster, and don’t run the risk of going crazy like those who started out as humans and were turned.”
Whether it was true that werewolves existed or not, the more she spoke, the more things were making sense.   “So, the wolf that killed that girl was a crazy wolf?”
“We call it a turn gone bad,” she said.
“What if someone has the genes but doesn’t turn on their own?  Can a bite go bad with them?” I asked.
She thought for a moment.  “It’s possible, but rare. It’s really only with those who were never intended to be a werewolf.”
“You sound as if the werewolf was created like man was created,” I chuckled.
“The werewolf is a species transplanted from another planet, as is the vampire and the elf,” she said with the smugness of someone who was all knowing.
I sat in silence while I tried to absorb what she was telling me. As crazy as it was, I was actually beginning to believe it.
“Can I pry a little?” Cindy asked.
“Sure,” I said apprehensively. “I guess.”
“Did you miscarry?” 
“Kind of,” I replied.  “I took an after-sex pregnancy preventative.  Had I realized I’d bleed like a stuck pig, and then some, I might not have.”
She sucked in air and her face went white.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
She leaned forward and said in a loud whisper. “Whatever you do, don’t admit what you did to Ethan.  Werewolf pregnancies act differently than human pregnancies. The fetus develops quickly and the gestation period is much shorter. That excessive blood was because you were aborting his child.   If he finds out, he’ll be furious.  You don’t want to make a werewolf furious, believe me.  Especially a werewolf from the Jefferson pack.”
I didn’t know what to say to that. When I saw a tear roll down her cheek, I got concerned enough to ask her to tell me what was really bothering her.  My shock in her confession was overwhelming.
It seemed that, although Cindy was Ethan’s cousin, she was a cousin four times removed.  She’d been sent to them by her creepy parents for Michael to breed.  This was the reason why she wasn’t supposed to be riding.  He was afraid that she’d get thrown or kicked and the baby would be injured.  As of yet, Cindy hadn’t conceived, but that was only because Michael was waiting for her to turn eighteen before he deflowered her.  Something shifted in a female with werewolf genes on or around her eighteenth birthday.  I didn’t understand the reason and she didn’t offer an in-depth explanation when she said that impregnating her prior to that time could prove dangerous for both the mother and child.
I didn’t know what to say or think.  Had the world gone mad?  I couldn’t believe my ears.  “He’s using you as a brood mare?”
“They’ve targeted you for Ethan,” she admitted. “Michael’s eager to rebuild the pack.”
“Ethan asked me to marry him,” I mused while the shock of it all swept through me.
“Well, at least you have that.  Michael just wants to breed a bunch of werewolves with me. Then, he’ll move on to the next young and breed worthy werewolf girl. He’s already searching to build his harem.  I should have company soon.”  Her eyes narrowed as she said, “The girls will be explained as cousins, of course, and he’ll be revered as the wonderful uncle who took us all in.  I hate it when he touches me.  He’s old,” she shuddered.
“And, he’s your uncle.”
“By marriage, not blood,” she said. “He married my aunt several times removed and wore her out with pregnancies that didn’t hold.  She managed to give birth to Ethan and Wally, but they were only two out of eighteen pregnancies.  I’m sure she died because her body gave out.  I begged my mother not to give me to him, but she’s a widow with limited income and Michael paid her a lot of money for me.  She told me to think of the welfare of my baby brother and sister and insisted that I had a stronger constitution than my aunt and would survive the pregnancies.  She doubted I’d even miscarry at all.” She sighed. “My cousins and I are removed so far in bloodline that even the human laws would allow us to marry.” She looked at me and scowled. “I don’t know why I wasn’t given Ethan or Wally.  Why did I get stuck with Michael?”
“It would make more sense to pair you up with one of them,” I said, mindless of the fact that we were talking about her being used to breed.
“Michael’s just a dirty old pig who likes young girls,” she hissed.
Remembering how he behaved with my mother at the picnic, I doubted it was that so much as the fact that Michael really wanted to breed her, but I said nothing.
We sat in silence for a moment before she said, “You look tired.”
“It’s been a long two days,” I sighed.
“Maybe you should get back into bed.  I saw your mother put fresh sheets on it.”
“I feel like I could sleep for a week,” I said.
 She helped me into bed and assured me that she’d check on the horses before she left.  I asked her to do what she could to keep Ethan away for the day and she said she’d do what she could.
It was a mere moments after I heard the door close before I was dreaming about pregnant werewolves.
 

Nineteen
It was early morning before I roused out of bed.  My cell phone was on the nightstand, which told me that my mother had come to check on me; probably more than once.   It couldn’t have been later than six in the morning, so I was surprised when the smell of coffee and bacon alerted my stomach to the fact that I hadn’t eaten in a day and a half.  I was starving.
Assuming that it was my mother ratting around in the kitchen, I hopped out of bed.  Standing still for a moment, I mentally surveyed the condition of my body.  I was tender in the abdomen, but, other than being hungry, I was pretty much back to my old self. 
“I’m starving!” I called out as I slid my feet into a pair of slippers.  
I’d slept in my tee shirt and underpants.  The morning was cool so I slipped into my robe before bounding toward the kitchen.  
I stopped short when Kenton turned around and smiled.  The plate he was setting on the table was overflowing with bacon. “How do you like your eggs?”
I stood staring at him in silence.
“Your eggs?” he asked again.
I shook my head to clear it. “Over easy if you can manage.”
“I was hoping for scrambled,” he chuckled, “but let’s give it a try.”
“However, they turn out is fine,” I said with a smile as I sat down next to the plate of bacon.  
My mouth salivated so badly that I had to wipe at its corners.  Words can’t describe my happiness when he suggested that I start on the bacon while he cooked the eggs.”
He wordlessly filled a mug with freshly brewed coffee and slid it in front of me.  “Do you take cream or sugar?”
I shook my head.  I enjoyed my coffee in its original state and never understood why others didn’t. 
“A girl after my own heart,” he said with that sexy grin of his.
My eyes went wide and I giggled when he set eggs in front of me that looked like they’d been through a war to avoid the fire while thanking him, profusely.  It was so sweet of him to attempt to cook for me that I couldn’t offend him by not eating them.  I found that if I didn’t look at what I was putting in my mouth and took a bite of bacon right away, I was able to get the runny, odd colored slime down without gagging.
He sat opposite from me with a mug of coffee and nibbled on a piece of toast.  “You’re one tuff woman.  There’s no way I’d have been able to force that blob of goop down my gullet.”
I made a gasp of outrage and tossed a small piece of bacon at him while he dodged it and laughed.  
When seriousness entered the room again, I said. “Thanks for helping me.”
“My pleasure.”
“Did you stay with me the other night?”
“And last night,” he said with a nod.  “I got here just around the time your mother was leaving.”
“Oh, no.  I’m sorry,” I moaned.
“She was very nice,” he said with a smile. “When I assured her that I intended to stay the night again, she actually thanked me.”  He looked at me for a moment. “The relationship you have with her is really nice.  I don’t know many your age who would confide all like you did with her.”
“When dad left like he did, the dynamics of our relationship changed.  I grew up and she regressed.  I guess we met in the middle.”
“She was adamant that I keep Ethan away from you.”
“Thanks for that.  I’m not eager to see him again,” I admitted.  “I’m ashamed of what I did… he did… what we did.”
“No thanks needed,” he said with a shrug. “He never came around.” 
“Maybe mom got to him before he tried,” I said as I stood up with the intention of getting more coffee.
“Sit,” he ordered in a tone that sounded loving and caring.  “This morning, I serve you.”
Tears welled in my eyes as I watched him get the coffee pot and fill my mug once more.
“Why the tears?” he asked with concern.
“I can’t believe your kindness after what I did,” I whimpered.
“It wasn’t your fault,” he said.
“It wasn’t rape,” I insisted.  “I mean, I did say ‘no’, but then… well… it just wasn’t rape.”
“Did he stare into your eyes before or after you said ‘no’?” 
I thought for a minute about the events of the night. “I don’t know what you’re talking about… wait… he did look deep into my eyes.  I remember feeling like I was going to be pulled right into them.”
“That’s a trick that only a born werewolf can do.  He planted the desire into your subconscious.”
“Like hypnotize?” I gasped.
“Similar, I guess,” he said in a low tone. “He basically taps into a desire that you have and strengthens it to the point where you’re driven to fulfil it.  It’s a form of mind control. Vampires do it too, only better.   But then, they do everything better than a werewolf.”
I let his comment about vampires go by the wayside.  I just couldn’t focus on it as I put my face in my hands and moaned while I remembered all I’d let Ethan do to me.
“You’re a young woman and Ethan’s a handsome guy.  Why wouldn’t you want to sample his fruits?”
“Sample his fruits?” I said with a laugh. “Where do you get these sayings, anyway?  Is that the way they teach kids to talk in that one-horse town school Josh will be attending?”
“I wouldn’t know. I never attended,” he said.
“Oh,” I said. “Did you go into the city?”
He stretched his hand across the small, round table and placed it over mine.  “Do you really want to discuss my education?”
My entire body tingled at his touch while my heart felt as if it was going to explode as I locked eyes with him.  “I’m so sorry about it all.  I thought you’d used me for sex.”
“You thought wrong.  I love you.”
I took a deep breath to help steady the world around me at his confession.  He’d said it the night we’d made love, but I thought that was because he wanted sex.  We were sitting at the kitchen table eating bacon and drinking coffee with no hint of either of us being aroused.
“I think about you all of the time,” I admitted.  “It’s almost scary.”
He threw his head back and laughed. “It’s good.”
His face grew serious.  “I want to taste your sweet lips again.”
When I gasped and nodded, he rushed to my side. His kiss was careful, soft, and tender.  I stood up and put my arms around his neck. He pulled me so close that our bodies molded together, yet I didn’t feel as if he wanted to go any further.  It was a safe type of intimacy.
“I think I can have sex if you want,” I whispered.
His breath tickled my ear as he said, “Not today, my love.  We have the rest of our lives for sex.  Today, let’s just hold and love each other.”
I rested my head on his shoulder while he walked me to the chair. He sat down first and then pulled me into his lap.  I felt safe and loved as he silently cuddled me. It was if no words were needed between us.
Hap’s unwelcomed knock on the door broke the mood. I sighed as I slid off his lap to let him in.  The look on his face when I pulled the door open made my blood run cold. “What’s wrong?”
“Sit down, Missy,” he ordered.
Assuming that he’d heard about my little love fest with Ethan, followed by the induced – and very unexpected- miscarriage, I reluctantly took a seat on the sofa.  
Kenton wore a look of concern, but he made no move to get out of the chair.  Surprisingly, Hap didn’t ask him to leave.  
I thought that being chastised in front of Kenton for having unprotected sex with Ethan was the worst thing to happen that day, but Hap’s words changed all of that.
“Missy, there’s no other way to say this except to say it.  Your mother is in the hospital,” he said.
“What?  Why?” I screeched as I started for the door.  “What hospital?  Where is she?”
“Sit down,” he barked.  “You need to understand before you go running off willy nilly. Then, I’ll take you to her myself.”
It was with great reluctance that I forced myself to sit back down.  After enduring my mother’s run of drunkenness when my father left, I’d developed a protective attitude towards her that far exceeded what most teenagers feel about their parents.  More than once, I questioned who the adult was in the household.  When she finally gained control over her drinking and returned to motherhood so that I could, once again, be the teenage daughter, it was a welcomed turn of events.  I’d locked away my protective urges, but I hadn’t abandoned them.  Now, they were out full force.
“Missy,” Hap said with firm determination. “Your mother was attacked on your patio by an animal.  She’s pretty torn up.” When I gasped, he held his hand up to indicate that he had more to say and for me to be quiet so that he could say it.  “We believe it was a werewolf.  I have her in the special ward at the hospital. It deals with the supernatural.  They’ll search her blood for signs of venom.”
“Cindy told me that my mother has werewolf genes in her.  Does this mean she’ll turn?”
He looked from me to Kenton and then back to me again. “So, you finally believe?”
“I don’t know,” I moaned as I ran my fingers through my uncombed hair.  “I guess.”
“Good.  It will make things easier if Maryanne’s got the venom in her.”
“Is there a way to reverse it?” I asked with desperation.
“I don’t know of a way,” he said, thoughtfully, “but let’s not get ahead of ourselves.  We don’t know if she’s been infected yet.”
“When will they know?” Kenton asked.
“Later today,” Hap said. When Kenton nodded, Hap continued speaking to him. “Maryanne told me that you were basically guarding Missy and she told me why.  I’m going to have to relieve you of that duty.  I need you back out in the field. I’ll stay with Missy for the time being.”
“What about Josh?” I asked with panic.
Both Kenton and Hap looked almost guilty.  I urged them to give me an answer. It was finally Hap who informed me that Josh had already turned and had joined Michael’s pack. In fact, Michael and my mother were at war over the issue. My mother felt that Michael pressed the issue and made Josh turn when there was a good possibility that it might never had happened without his help.
I didn’t know what kind of help that would have been and I didn’t care to know.  Although saddened and concerned to hear what was going on with Josh, my worries were focused on my mother.  
When Hap was satisfied that I had a clear understanding of things, he suggested that I get ready to go to the hospital.  Kenton said his good-byes and headed off to search the reserve for the beast who attacked my mother.  I wasn’t sure how he planned on finding it, but Hap seemed confident in sending him.
I called out for him to be careful as he exited the trailer. He turned, smiled, and winked before jogging off into the nearby woods.
 

Twenty
I literally camped out at the hospital for a few days while I waited to see whether or not my mother was going to be okay.  When Hap told me that she’d been mauled, he either failed to tell me the extend of her injuries or I failed to comprehend them.  When I finally got to see them, I almost fainted. 
Not only had one side of her face been ripped up to the point she looked like Mrs. Frankenstein, the left side of her torso had so many stitches, it reminded me of a patchwork handbag that I once owned.  Even though she was beautiful, I’d never known my mother to be shallow about her looks, but this would be the test of things.  Her looks were destroyed. Even if the scars did fade - like the hospital staff kept assuring me they would – the meat of her flesh had been damaged.  She’d never look the same again.
It was her third day in the hospital when she finally woke up and spoke to me.  Hap happened to have stopped in to check on her and was outside of the room talking to the nurse, so I ran to the door and beckoned them in.
The nurse insisted on taking my mother’s vitals before she allowed us to speak with her. We waited impatiently.  When we were finally given the okay, we battled to get our words heard over the other.
The crazy thing was that we were both asking her the same questions, only in a different arrangement of words.   It was Hap who finally realized this and stopped trying to speak over me.
We quickly discovered that her vocal cords were damaged, so she was unable to tell us much.  We settled for her blinking her eyes in response to our questions.  One blink for ‘yes’ and two blinks for ‘no’.  
Her attacker was a werewolf, but she had no idea who it was since it appeared in wolf shape and attacked her almost immediately.  It was dusk.  She’d invited Hap for a nightcap and was sweeping off the patio when the wolf appeared.  She fought it off with her broom as best she could.  The sound of Hap’s car coming up the drive must have frightened it away which was the only reason she was still alive.  
I was sickened to think of what might have been if Hap hadn’t shown up when he did. As it was, I was riddled with guilt over sleeping peacefully through the night knowing that my mother was in the hospital being sewn back together.
Once my mother was out of the danger zone, I was encouraged to go home and take care of myself.  Since I hadn’t showered in three days, I readily agreed.  Since Hap took me to the hospital, I needed a ride home.  Fortunately, Kenton showed up to see how we were and offered to drive me home.
We rode in silence for the first ten minutes before I brought up the fact that Josh hadn’t come to the hospital once to see our mother.
“He turned this moon,” Kenton said. “Newly turned werewolves lose touch with humanity for a while.  He’s like a feral wolf.  I wouldn’t expect much from him for a few months.  He’ll eventually come around, but I wouldn’t advise going around him during the full moon.  I’m sure Michael is giving him the care he needs.”
“Do you think it was him?” I asked.
“Pardon?” 
“You said that a newly turned werewolf was like a feral animal.  Do you think it was him who attacked my mother?”
I could see the muscles in his face tense up as he said, “I doubt it.”
“But, it’s possible?” 
“Anything is possible, but I doubt it,” he said. “These attacks have been going on for a few months now.  Josh only turned a few days ago.”
“You’ve had no luck while patrolling?” I asked with hesitation. I didn’t want to sound critical, but, from the way Hap bragged about him, I didn’t understand why he hadn’t caught the culprit.
“I’ve taken down a few of them,” he said as he kept his eyes on the road.
“A few?” I screeched. “What?  Are the woods full of them?”
“There are more than I’d like out there,” he replied.  “I need to find their leader.  Otherwise, he’ll just keep making them.”
“Stop the car,” I said with such urgency that he pulled off right away.
I opened the door and bent out of it just in time before projectile vomiting the contents of my stomach. He leaned over and massaged my back while I heaved long after my stomach had nothing left to upheave.
“I’m sorry,” I muttered as I pulled myself back into the car and closed the door.
“Are you going to be okay?” he asked as he pulled a lock of hair free from my sweaty brow.
“I miss Chicago with its rapes and murders.”
“There are werewolves there too,” he mused. “Not as many, but they’re there.”
I moaned and leaned my head against the window. “I feel so overwhelmed.”
“I’m so sorry,” he cooed as he massaged the back of my neck. “I wish I could snap my fingers and make it all go away.”
“Me too,” I muttered.
“Hap moved your things back to the main house.  The trailer was only a one bedroom and we needed a place for us to sleep while we stay with you.”
“Who’s been taking care of the horses?” I asked. 
“Cindy, Hap, and me,” he said with a smile.  “We make a good team.”
“I feel bad that I’ve ignored them.”
“You had more pressing matters.  They’re fine.”
We pulled into the long driveway of my great grandmother’s estate house.  Knowing what happened, I could no longer swell with pride at its beauty. That beauty had been tainted by the fact that the estate was located in the middle of a nightmare land.
I offered Kenton a drink when we entered the house; giving him a choice of coffee, tea, or Jack Daniels.  He took the Jack Daniels.  Since it was late afternoon, I thought little of it.
I stared through the glass of the sliding door that led to the patio and shuddered. Although they’d done their best to clean it up, there were still signs of blood in the cracks of the flagstone.
“Hap has hired a crew to clean up that grout. If they can’t get it clean, they’ll replace it,” Kenton said as he came up behind me.
I could feel his strength as he stood so close that the heat of his body radiated into my back.  I leaned into him and allowed my body to relax for the first time in days.  
He wrapped his arms around me and rested his chin on my shoulder.  “I love you, Missy Cramby, and I vow to watch over you, always.”
“Do you think this would have happened if we’d stayed in Chicago?” I asked. “Do you think we’d have encountered the werewolves there at some point?”
“I do,” he replied.
“Why?”
He took my hand and pulled me into the living room. We’d settled on the sofa together before he spoke again.
“I’d begun to tell you things when we were interrupted by what happened to your mother.  I think it’s time I finish telling you,” he said softly.  
He’d brought the bottle of Jim Beam in with him, so he refilled his glass and took a drink before speaking again.
I watched with curiosity as he downed the amber liquid like it was water, but said nothing.
“Do you trust me?” he asked in a gentle voice. When I nodded, he said. “What I’m about to tell you might seem just as sensational, if not more so, than the werewolf story. No matter what I tell you, please, please believe that I would never do anything to hurt you.”
“You’re scaring me,” I said as I pulled his glass from his hand and tossed the remainder of the Jim Beam that was in it down my own throat. I coughed from the unfamiliar burning, but, instead of setting the glass down, I demanded more.
“Are you sure?” he asked as he held the bottle up.  
“I need it,” I insisted.
He poured me a fingerful of the liquid and waited for me to toss it down and then hand the glass back to him before he spoke again.
“As I said to you during our talk, there are creatures called Fae walking the earth alongside mankind.  Some are better able to blend in than others and so they actually intermingle with them. They also help to protect mankind from those fae who would do them harm.”
“Why” I asked.  When he didn’t reply, I asked again, “Why would the fae want to protect mankind?  If they hide from them, wouldn’t it be easier just to do away with man so that they can walk in the open again?”
“It’s more complicated than that and a topic I will happily address at a later time,” he said, patiently. “For now, I’d like to focus on what I need to say before I lose my nerve to say it.”
“Is it that bad?” I gasped.  “I don’t know if I can handle anymore, Kenton.”
Tears began to pour from me as I released all of the tension and fear I’d been holding in for days while holding vigil at my mother’s bedside.  
He looked at me as if I’d tossed cold water on his face before coming to his senses and cradling me in his arms.
“It can wait, my love,” he whispered. “Let’s get you to bed. You’ve had a tough few days.”
“I need a shower,” I whimpered.
“Yes, you do,” he chuckled.
I smiled weakly as I stood up and made my way up to my room.  He followed me from a distance.  I stopped at the door of my room and looked back at him.  He stood on top step, smiled warmly, and nodded for me to go shower.
“I’ll be right here if you need me,” he said as he made his way to the settee that was placed beneath a large picture window in the center of the mezzanine. 
 

Twenty-One
Kenton left me to shower and change without interruption. When I was done, I beckoned him to join me in my room.  I was exhausted, both emotionally and physically, and I didn’t want to be alone.
The afternoon was barely approaching evening and I knew that the horses would need tending to.  I mentioned to him that I’d take care of them after I’d had a short nap.  He didn’t argue, but something told me that he’d tend to them himself rather than wake me up.
As I drifted off to sleep in his loving arms, I made a silent promise to myself that I’d toughen up and resume living in the morning.  I just needed one more night of self-pampering and nurturing while I absorbed the realization of my new life.
It was dark when I opened my eyes and sat up in bed.  I reached for Kenton, but he was gone. I looked at the clock. It was ten in the evening.  I’d slept for five hours.  Although I was still tired, my body had normalized enough that I was aware of how hungry I was.  My hunger overrode my tiredness and I headed downstairs to the kitchen.
I made myself a thick deli meat sandwich and poured a tall glass of milk.  I’d just bitten into it when I heard someone walking in the next room.
“Kenton?” I called out. “I’m having a sandwich. Are you hungry?”
“Kenton?” Ethan said in a jealous voice that hinted of a growl.  “Is that son-of-a-bitch here?”  He rushed toward me and took me by the throat with one hand while his other hand grabbed my crotch with a painful vice grip.  His face was so close to mine that it looked blurred as he snarled, “Did you give him this?”
I couldn’t do much to respond to him because he was literally choking the life from me.  I saw stars before he loosened his grip enough to allow air through my passageways. 
“Ethan,” I wheezed as I massaged my throat. He still had hold of my crotch with his powerful hand and the pain was radiating up my torso. “You’re hurting me.”
“Did you have sex with him?” he demanded.
I shook my head rapidly as I tried to force his hand away from my crotch. “Hap told him to drive me home from the hospital.  My mother was attacked. I’ve been with her.”
He relaxed at my words and released his hold.  Running his hands through his hair he said, “I was worried about you.  I’ve been watching for you for days.”
“Didn’t Cindy tell you?”
“She didn’t know where you went.  She just knew that the horses needed care while you were away.  She’s been helping out.”
“I know.”
“Well, that’s all stopping.  Dad got wind of it. He’s locked her up until her eighteenth birthday.”
“That’s terrible!” I exclaimed.
He shrugged. “It’s not that long until her birthday.  A week or more.  She’ll survive.  Besides, it’s not like she’s in a cage or anything.  She’s just confined to the house.”
Memories of my conversation with Cindy about what would happen once she turned eighteen flooded my head and my heart broke for her.  I knew that she was there against her will and, for the life of me, I just couldn’t understand why she didn’t run at the first opportunity.  True, she was under the watchful eye of an escort most of the time, but I’d help her escape during our rides if she wanted me to.  Hap said that Michael had a contract, but, with a lawyer’s help, I was sure that contract could have been voided. I made a mental note to suggest it to her the next time I saw her; providing it wasn’t too late.
“Did you miscarry?” he asked as he took a large bite out of half of my sandwich.
“Why would you ask that?” I asked, nervously as I remembered Cindy’s warning.
“You went to the hospital the next morning and there was a lot of blood in the trailer,” he said, matter-of-factly. “I cleaned the crud off the sofa while you were gone.  You’re welcome.”
I closed my eyes and sighed as I said in a soft tone, “Thank you.”
“So, are you good to have sex now?” he asked as he put the remains of my sandwich back on the plate and wiped his hands and mouth on the napkin I’d placed next to it for my own use. 
I recalled Cindy’s story of how often Ethan’s mother had miscarried and I realized that it was something he was accustomed to. I inched back as he stepped toward me. Being careful not to look into his eyes, I said, “I don’t want to have sex again.”
“Too tired?” he asked as his eyes freely roamed my body. 
It was at that moment that I remembered that I was only wearing a tee shirt and panties beneath my robe; which had come untied and was now open in the front.
“It was a mistake to have sex the first time.  I don’t want to do it again.”
“That’s ridiculous. We’re great together.  Damn, girl, I’ve never done it that long or that often in my life. You’re like an addiction that I can’t get enough of. If I hadn’t had to get my dad’s van back to him, I could have probably done it a few more times.”  
When I said nothing, he picked me up by my waist and sat me on the counter.  He took my face in his hands and forced me to look into his eyes.  Once again, I felt that drawing sensation and the danger of getting lost in them.  “You know you liked it.  In fact, you loved it.  You crave having me eat you, my sweet tasting lover.”
I struggled to close my legs as he forced his way between them. He’d managed to pull the crotch of my panties aside and wedge his tongue hard against my sensitive nub before I gave up fighting.  What was the use?  He’d win in the end.  Not to mention, from what I could tell, he was enjoying the battle.
I was shocked by his strength when he reached up and tore my panties from the waistband down to one leg so that they were easily pushed out of his way.  I could feel my body responding to his ministrations and the strength and determination to fight him returned.  This was wrong in so many ways.  Mind control or not.  I had to be stronger.  I couldn’t give in to the pleasure he was giving my body, no matter how good it felt.
“Damn, you’re tasty,” he said as he dove into my crotch with the gusto of a man who’d been deprived of food for days.
My breath caught in my chest while my mind reeled.  My mind felt tense and my surroundings looked surreal as I struggled against his control. It was as if my brain was turning to mush from the battle between my willpower and his mind control. I pulled at his hair while I fought against my body’s own responses. 
“This is a violation!” I managed to bellow.
His low chuckle echoed in my head.  His smugness fueled my desire to resist him, no matter how difficult it would be.  
As the room blurred to the point it was barely distinguishable and my breathing grew more ragged, I realized that I was losing the battle.  Between his mind control trick and my own fickle body, I didn’t stand a chance.  Whether I wanted it or not, Ethan was getting his own way.  When I finally had not an ounce of resistance left in me, I fell back onto the counter and succumbed to the need that he’d created in me.   Let him do with me as he would.  I didn’t care anymore. All I cared about was satiating the needs that were growing ever stronger in me.
It was then that I heard a loud roar in the background.  I was so absorbed in my need to be satiated that I paid it no mind.  I could feel Ethan begin to pull away from me and I grabbed his hair to keep him in place.  A strong pair of hands that didn’t belong to Ethan pried my fingers from Ethan’s locks before they pulled him from me with an unbelievable force.
Ethan bellowed his surprise as he slid across the marble tiled floor of the kitchen.  The room looked blurry as I tried to make sense of what was happening.    I could hear the battle that ensued around me, but I couldn’t see who it was that was fighting Ethan.  I wanted to yell for whoever it was to leave him alone so that he could finish what he started, but all I could get out of my vocal cords was a low, needy moan.
“Bastard!” Ethan shouted from off in the distance. “You’ll pay for this!”
I could hear him arguing with a voice that was ordering him to leave the house and not come back.  It was a strong, powerful, and self-assured voice that sounded familiar, but my mind was foggy with desire and I couldn’t quite place it.
My frustration over my body’s needs was almost overwhelming.  I did my best to satiated them on my own, but it fell short from the remedy I’d been anticipating.
I heard that familiar male voice calling my name from what sounded like far away, but when I opened my eyes, I could see a blurry figure standing over me.  
“Missy, it’s me, Kenton.”
“Kenton,” I muttered as I reached for his hand and placed it firmly on my wanting crotch. “Help me.  I need you.”
For a moment I thought that he was going to pick up where Ethan left off, but, to my disappointment, he pulled his hand away and sat me upright.
“Look at me, Missy,” he said as he held my face so that I had no choice but to look at him. 
I clung to the steady cadence of his words as he told me that I had no need for sex with Ethan, with him, or with anyone else.  His eyes held mine in an invisible grip that far exceeded the pull I’d felt from Ethan’s gaze while I listened to his suggestion that when I woke up, I would remember it as a dream and nothing more. 
Little by little, the need to be sexually satiated dulled until it was no more.  When he stopped his suggestions, he picked me up and carried me upstairs to my room as if I weighed no more than a pillow.
I clung to him as he gently placed me back into my bed and tucked the covers tightly around me. I could feel the mattress sink beneath the weight of his body as he stretched out next to me.  He stayed on the top of the covers and cradled my head against his shoulder as I drifted back off into a deep sleep.
 

Twenty-Two
I was alone in bed when I awoke the following morning.  I checked the time. It was still early.  I remembered promising myself that I’d toughen up to my new reality when I awoke and continue living.  I’d start by reuniting with the horses.
The house felt cold and empty without my mother or Josh in it.  My footsteps actually echoed as I walked across the marble tiles and I wondered why I’d never noticed that before.  
I wasn’t sure if Kenton was still on the property or if he was coming back - or maybe Hap was around somewhere - so I made a full pot of coffee. 
For the first time since we’d moved into that grand house, I wished it wasn’t so large.  If someone wanted to disappear in it, it would take a considerable length of time and effort to find them.  Again, I was surprised that I’d never noticed that before then. 
I was in the middle of mucking out a stall when faint memories of Ethan’s mouth titillating my crotch flitted into my head.  I squirmed uncomfortably at the immediate erotic jolt I experienced as I tried to understand why I’d suddenly be remembering our night together after so many days of not thinking about it at all.  I was especially concerned about my body’s reaction to the memory.
I loved Kenton and things were good between us. We’d yet to have sex again, but that was no reason for thoughts of Ethan’s head between my legs to enter my mind.  I puzzled over it for a bit longer and then reasoned that it was because I wanted Kenton to do what Ethan had done. After all, oral sex was something I’d been having for several years.  I was used to it.  I enjoyed it and I couldn’t help wondering what it would be like to have someone I truly loved do it.
I pushed thoughts of Kenton and sex out of my mind as I continued to clean the stables.  They’d been kept in excellent condition by Cindy and Kenton, so there was little for me to do.  
I looked at Daisy as she hung her head out over the stall door. Setting my pitch fork aside, I went to her and lovingly stroked her neck. “I’ll bet you miss her, don’t you girl.  I know I do.”
I buried my face in Daisy’s neck and inhaled the rich, musky, earthen scent that only a horse can emit.  Poor Cindy. I couldn’t imagine being confined to a house while I awaited the fateful day when an old man who made my skin crawl would take me to his bed for the sole purpose of impregnating me. Being used as a brood mare was bad enough, but losing your virginity should be a special time with a special person. I hurt with compassion and desire to help her, but I couldn’t think how.
When I saw Hap’s car pull up to the stable, I decided to confide in him about the situation. 
He shocked me when he said, “She’s not the first girl he’s done this with. I wish there was something that I could do, but Cindy will be eighteen and considered a consenting adult.”
“But, she’s not consenting,” I insisted.
“Several years ago, I tried to stop Michael from his antics through legal channels.  He managed to produce a letter of contract between the girl and her parents to give him total parental rights over any child that was a result of his coupling with the girl.  It was as good as saying he had her permission.  I’m sure he has the same for Cindy.”
“I can’t believe she’d sign something like that,” I mused with disgust.
“Werewolf families do things in a way that might seem archaic, but they’re sometimes necessary to keep the species untainted,” he said.
“So, you approve?” I hissed angrily. “Did you know that Ethan plans on breeding me like Michael is Cindy?”
“I will never let that happen,” Hap insisted. “He’ll not get near you again.”
“Really?  He’s already gotten to me twice,” I ranted before gasping and covering my mouth.
“Twice?” Hap said with a scowl.  “I know about the time in the trailer, but when was the other time?”
“I don’t know why I said that,” I stammered.  
“Well, you need to think.  If he did something and then erased your memory, we need to take action.  Werewolf sperm takes hold like fungus and grows just as fast.”
“I’ve never heard sperm being compared to fungus before,” Kenton said good-naturedly as he waltzed into the stables as if he hadn’t a care in the world.  He looked at me and smiled. “You make a mean pot of coffee.  I’ll have to leave that job up to you from now on.”
“Missy claims that Ethan had sex with her twice.  I only know about once.” Hap said.
“Did she, now?” Kenton said with surprise.
Hap looked at me with a face so serious that it made me tremble.  “This is important.  Did he or did he not do it a second time?”
“I think only once,” I said as I struggled to separate what was fact from dream.
Hap heaved a sigh. “He’s erased her memory.”
“She’s got a strong mind, then,” Kenton said while he looked at me as if for the first time.  “Most wouldn’t remember.”
“I don’t remember,” I insisted.
“She bellowed it out while she was angry,” Hap offered.
“So, it’s just beneath the surface, then,” Kenton said. “Strong mind.  Very strong mind.  I’ll have to remember that.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked with complete confusion.
“I’m going to have to take you to be examined,” Hap said.  “If you’re pregnant, we need to know.”
“What?  Are you serious?” I asked with disbelief.
“Don’t fight me on this, Missy.  We need to be sure he didn’t impregnate you and then erase your memory of it. Horny werewolves can be crafty sons-of-bitches.”
“Do you know how embarrassing this conversation is?” I wailed.
“Never-the-less,” Hap began.
“You don’t need to take her,” Kenton finally said.  “I stopped him before it got that far.”
I moaned with mortification and sat down on a bale of hay as I listened to them talk about me as if I wasn’t there.
“So, it was you who erased her memory?” Hap said to Kenton.
“I didn’t realize how powerful her mind is.  I’d love to know her lineage,” Kenton mused.
“Maryanne confided that her father’s an empyrean,” Hap said in a flat tone that almost sounded annoyed with the fact.
Kenton let out a slow whistle.  “That explains a lot.  Do you think the Jeffersons know?”
“If Ethan had an understanding of things and reported to Michael, they might, but I’m not sure.”
“Who or what is an empyrean?” I demanded. “My father’s name is Cramby; like mine.”
“An empyrean is a type of fairy.   Your father is a fairy ,” Hap said.
I’d grown tired of denying the wild stories they kept telling me about mythical creatures being real, so I went with it and simply asked, “Is that good or bad?”
“Not only does fairy taste delicious to those who aren’t fairy, but it’s addictive. Fairies are highly sexual and great in bed.  Although a bit too demanding for a human to keep up with.  They also have a magical side that wolves would love to possess.  So, for them, it’s good,” Hap said.  “Here’s the kicker.  Your mother also has fairy blood in her from your grandfather’s side, although not as strong.  I like to tease her about being a mutt since she’s a mixture of wolf, fairy, and elf.”
My mouth opened and shut several times before I asked, “Is there any one around me who is actually human?”
Hap raised his hand and smiled.  I waited for Kenton to follow suit, but he stayed silent and immobile.
I looked at Kenton.  “What are you?”
“It’s a very long story that requires a cup of coffee at the very least,” Hap said with a smile.  “Why don’t we all go to the house and Kenton and I will explain everything?”
“Does the explaining ever end?” I asked with irritation. “It seems like all you do is say you’ll explain something to me. Then, when that gets explained, something new pops up that needs explaining.  Does it ever end?”
Kenton looked at me and smiled.  “Eventually.”
We made our way to the kitchen. I wasn’t in the mood to cook a large breakfast and I don’t think Hap or Kenton were either because they toasted a few bagels and served them with cream cheese and coffee, which was fine with me.
I’d finished half of my bagel before Hap finally spoke.  “I know that we keep hitting you with explanations, but it’s just because we’re trying not to shock or overload you.  When you’re not raised with this type of information and are living in a world that touts it as myth and are fearful of it when they discover that the myths are myths after all, it can be difficult to accept.
“Until it’s right in your face,” I muttered.
Hap nodded.  “What I’d like to do is to make you aware and comfortable before it’s in your face.  Wouldn’t you prefer that?”
“Are we still talking about werewolves?” I asked with hesitation.
“Yes and no.”
“Tell me about my father,” I said. “When he left, mom said it was for the best.  Is that because he was an empyrean?”
“I’m sure it was,” Hap said as he reached over and took my hand.  “How much did your mother tell you about you and Josh?”
“Oh no,” I moaned.  “Is it more than the fact that Josh turned during this last moon?”
“Do you remember Josh’s birth?” 
I thought for a minute. “I was too young.”
“Do you at least remember your mother being pregnant?” he asked.
I shook my head.
“What he’s trying to say is that Josh was adopted.  He’s not your brother by blood,” Kenton said, impatiently.  “His parents were close friends with your mother.  They’re full wolf.  They were killed in an automobile accident when Josh was three months old.  Your mother and father took him in and raised him as their own.”
“Does he know?” I asked in a shocked voice that was just above a whisper.
“He found out just before this last full moon. It’s what Michael used to force the turn.”
“So, that’s it?” I said with a heavy heart. “He finds out we aren’t related by blood and he dumps us?  He never once went to see mom.  She’s nothing now, I guess.”
“He’s angry with Maryanne for not telling him the truth.  He’ll come around.  Just wait,” Hap assured me.
I shrugged. “He was a pain in the ass, anyway.”
“You don’t mean that,” Kenton said.
“I don’t,” I admitted. “I’m just pissed.”
He nodded. “Understandable.”
“Am I a hybrid?” I asked. “I get confused between hybrid and watered-down genes.”
“You are mostly Empyrean with a small amount of wolf in you.  In order to be considered a hybrid, you should be fifty-fifty of each species,” Hal said.
“So, then, I’m an Empyrean?” 
Hap nodded. “For all intents and purposes, yes.”
I chuckled. “A fairy who can’t do magic.  That figures.”
“Magic must be learned.  The ability is in you.  The connection runs deep.  You just need a tutor,” Kenton offered.
 “So what?  Do I dial one-eight-hundred fairy tutor?” I asked with a sarcasm that was unwarranted.
Kenton looked at me for a moment. “You are getting tired again.”
“I don’t seem to have much stamina these days,” I admitted.
“You’ve been through one trauma after another.  Give yourself some leeway,” Hap suggested.  “Then, to add to all of that trauma, we keep hitting you with information that you need time to digest.  Of course, you tire easily.  Who wouldn’t?”
“You’re probably right.  My head has felt like it’s full of mushy oatmeal since I woke up.”
“Ethan did mind control on you last night and you fought it.  That’s why your head feels that way. You’re lucky you didn’t go insane,” Kenton said.  “It’s always best when in a situation like that to do their bidding as long as it’s not life threatening. It was only sex.  Breaking the hold like that on your mind could damage you.”
“Maybe it was only sex,” I said with hostility, “but it was my body and I prefer to choose when I have sex.”
“I know that you do and that’s your right,” Kenton said, apologetically.  “What I meant was that resisting Ethan imposing himself on you for sex wasn’t worth risking permanent brain damage.   I would have thought no less of you for going along with it.  I understand his methods.”
“So, I’m damaged?” I asked with trepidation.
“I don’t believe so, but we’ll keep an eye on you,” he said. “Which is why I suggest you go upstairs and take a little nap.  You’ll feel like yourself in a few days, but you’ll need to take it easy in the meantime.   I could use a bit of sleep, myself, so I’ll take advantage of your nap and grab a few winks as well.”
“You two go get some sleep.  I’m going to lock up the house and head out.  I’ll be back around dinner time,” Hap said.
Kenton took my hands and pulled me to my feet. He gently guided me to the staircase and nudged me up the steps.  My body felt like it weighed a ton.  Every step was an effort.  
When I finally stood at the top step, I turned to him.  “Are you coming in with me?”
He shook his head.  “It’s too difficult to settle my body down when I’m next to you.  I need a good rest for a few hours so I’m going to be like Goldilocks and look for a bed that’s just right.”
I nodded and told him to have fun as I  waddled into my room and fell onto the bed. As I snuggled beneath the covers, I was certain that I’d sleep for at least a month.
My mind reviewed my conversation with Hap and Kenton while I waited for blissful slumber to take over.  The last thing I remembered before darkness embraced me was the fact that Kenton never did tell me what he was.
 

Twenty-Three
Kenton was right.  It took several days, but I eventually felt like my old self again.   
I’d divided my time between tending to the horses and visiting my mother in the hospital.  
I was a borderline basket case for the first day as I watched for Ethan’s return to – at the very least- seek revenge for that twisted mind of his.   Happily, whatever Kenton did to make him stay away worked.  By day number two, I was breathing easy again.
Hap and Kenton made sure to be at the house in time for dinner, which we all took turns providing either by cooking it or carrying it in.  It gave me a small sense of normalcy in a world that no longer felt normal.
I made no mention of our conversation about my heritage or the fact that Josh wasn’t related to me by blood and neither did they. I appreciated that.  I’d heard enough that I was struggling to absorb.  I knew there was more, but it could wait.
 We’d gotten in the habit of playing a board game each night after dinner was cleaned up.  It was the one time of the day that the house experienced genuine joy and laughter.  I discovered that Hap was highly competitive, but in a humorous way.  Kenton was crafty.  He enjoyed the game for the opportunity it gave him to outwit us far more than he worried about winning.
I’d never really played a board game and had no idea that I’d get such pleasure out of them.  When Hap showed up with Scrabble, my original response was to groan. After a little coaxing, I conceded and sat down to play.  Within two nights of playing, I was urging them to hurry with the cleanup of the dinner dishes so that we could start the game.  Bringing Monopoly into the mix only added to my enjoyment.
When my mother was finally able to come home, we insisted that she join our little gaming group.  To my surprise, she’d played these games with Hap while growing up and was just as competitive as he was.  Listening to their laughter as they bickered over whether or not a word was real or who was going to buy Park Place was tearfully wonderful.
Hap had visited mom daily, so he’d grown accustomed to her rag doll stitching, but Kenton wasn’t.  I was overcome with love for him by the way he casually greeted my mother as he helped her from Hap’s car.  Not once did I catch him staring at her.  How he refrained, I’ll never know.  She was a shocking enough sight to sell tickets to.
She’d been home for three days when she called me into her bedroom to assist her with her hair.  Her right arm had limited mobility and she wanted to pull her hair away from her face.  It was encouraging that she was finally comfortable enough to not feel the need to hide her face from us with her hair.
Since she’d just gotten out of the shower, she was wrapped in a towel.  I could see the angry raised scarring that still displayed a few stitches that needed to come out.
“Do you want me to help you redress your wounds?” I offered.
“They told me to let them air dry for at least thirty minutes after a shower since I can’t really rub myself dry.  Some stitches have fallen out on their own, but there are still a lot left to deal with.”
“Does it still hurt real bad?”
“It’s tolerable, but I still need medication to deal with it.” She looked at me with the saddest blue eyes I’d ever seen. “I’m worried that I’ll become dependent on the pain medication.   Look what happened after I lost your father.”
“You overcame that.  You’re very strong.  I don’t know many people who literally fall into the bottle like you did and then set it aside to enjoy on a casual basis instead of a dependency basis.  You did that, mom.  You’re stronger than you realize.”
I stood behind her as she sat at her dressing table and watched her close her eyes and relax while I brushed her hair in silence.
“I hate to have you see me like this,” mom sighed, “but it’s me from now on so you might as well get used to it.”
“You’re beautiful and I love you,” I assured her.   
She patted my arm with her one good hand and managed a small smile.  The right side of her face was damaged and stitched back together to the point of being immobile, but her left side worked just fine.  Upon impulse, I bent down and placed a gentle kiss on the scarred side of her face.  
Tears formed in her eyes.  “I’m almost unrecognizable.”
“You most certainly are not,” I scolded as I put her hair into a neat ponytail.  “Hap tells me that those scars will fade sooner than for most people.  It has to do with our heritage.”
She looked at me long and hard. “He told you?”
I nodded.  “I doubt that I have the full story, but I know enough.” After a brief silence, I added, “I know that Josh isn’t my blood brother.”
“It was a mistake taking Josh in,” she murmured.
 I gasped at her words. “How can you say that?”
“Don’t get me wrong.  I love Josh as did your father, but your father hadn’t a drop of werewolf in him and I have just enough to claim that it’s there.  We had no business raising a full-blooded werewolf away from his own kind as a human. It destroyed our family.  He’s the reason your father had to leave.  It was the most heartbreaking decision we ever made, but it was either him or Josh and he couldn’t do that to a child he looked upon and loved as a son.”
“Why would he have to leave? Josh was just a thirteen-year-old kid,” I said.
“Your father has a special blood in him – as do you and I – that can become addictive for a werewolf.  You and I have enough werewolf in us to camouflage the scent enough to keep us safe from random attacks, but if we get close to a werewolf, they’ll detect it.  Your father wasn’t so lucky. 
“When it’s a male and female, the wolf satiates that addiction through sex with the fairy - which is why I worry about Ethan now that he’s been with you. He’ll find it nearly impossible to stay away from you and if you try to keep him away he will more than likely become dangerous.
“When it’s two males or two females who are heterosexual and not comfortable with having sex with each other, the addiction takes another path.  The need to satiate the desire of the werewolf to possess the fairy becomes all-consuming until the werewolf’s animal comes through.  The danger of them eating their object of affection is great.  Josh was beginning to show signs of being a danger to your father.  He was just too pure.  He left before things got out of hand.”
I scowled as I tried to understand what Josh could have been doing that was so bad.  “I don’t get what Josh did that was so bad.”
“As you know, he does a form of sleepwalking most nights,” my mother said with teary eyes. “One night, Walter awoke to a searing pain in his arm where Josh had bitten him while sleepwalking.  We knew then that one of them had to go.”  She took a tissue and wiped at the tears that had started to flow.  “What I never told you was that we made the decision too late.  If your father was going to leave, it should have been when Josh first started to show his tendencies.  Instead, he waited until the last minute.  It was so hard to be apart. Walt and I loved each other with an intenseness.  He was gone about a week when he snuck back in the middle of the night to hold me.  He’d made arrangements to move to Seattle.  This was our last good-bye until Josh was old enough to leave the house.  Then, we planned on reuniting and passing his absence off as a lover’s quarrel.   Your brother came into our room in the middle of the night and killed your father in his sleep.  Actually, it was in both their sleep, since Josh has no idea that he did it.”
“He killed dad?”  I gasped with horror.
My mother was barely able to speak over her sobs, but she continued with her story. “He ate off half of his face and tore out his throat.”
I could feel the vomit rising in my esophagus and my body threatening to avoid dealing with what I’d just heard by fainting.  I swayed a bit, but managed to regain control.  “Dad’s dead?  He’s been dead all this time and you said nothing.”
“What was I to say?  I couldn’t very well go to the authorities and tell them that my coming of age werewolf son ate his father’s face off.”
“No wonder you drank.” I shook my head to fight off the image her horrific words created. “How did you cover it up?”
She shrugged.  “I called my childhood friend who knew all about hiding the deeds done by werewolves.  I called Hap.”
“But, he was here and we were in Chicago.”
“He has access to a private plane.  Or he had access. I’m not sure if he does anymore,” she mused.
I allowed her rambling about the private plane without note because I knew she was having enough trouble dealing with what she was telling me without being asked to stay the course.  I needed something to do, so I started to put the bandages back on the parts of her body that still required them.
“I moved us here because this is where your brother could get the most help as he neared his first true turn.  I didn’t realize how insane Michael Jefferson was until it was too late.  He’s volatile.  Far more volatile than you’d find in a normal pure werewolf.  I know people say things like this as a cruel joke, but, in this case, it’s fact.  There was too much inbreeding with that family.  Michael’s father is also his brother and his mother is his sister.  He’s aware of the problem and has made it a point to stop the inbreeding and expand the pack with outsiders.  That’s why he’s brought Cindy here and that’s why he wants you for his son.  He wants to strengthen them again. The problem is that he’s impatient to do it.  It’s like he’s on a time schedule. It’s made him careless and ruthless.”
“That’s scary,” I shuddered.
“Adopting Josh into his pack brings in a clean and strong bloodline.  He was all too eager to take your brother on.  Unfortunately, he didn’t ease Josh into their world.  He set Wally to task of initiating Josh so that he’d turn before his time. This sealed him within their pack.  Sadly, it also alienated your brother from us.  Josh had another year before he should have naturally turned.  Turning before you’re of the natural age through forced circumstances causes a chemical reaction in the brain that makes you temporarily insane.  There’s no other way to say it.  Josh came to me while in wolf form and took his anger for my not telling him the truth about who he was out on me.”
My eyes grew wide with horror. “He did this to you?”
“Your brother wasn’t in his right mind.”
“Don’t call him that!” I spat with anger. “He’s not my brother.”
“You’re just in shock.”
“Don’t make excuses for him, mother. Just don’t.”
“I’m just going to say that I doubt that he remembers.”
I shook my head. “He never once paid you a visit.  He remembers.”
She looked hurt and devastated, but she said no more as I carefully wound gauze around her chest to help keep the half dozen, oversized bandages in place.
 

Twenty-Four
“Did you know that Josh did that to my mother?” I whispered as I pulled Hap to the corner of the kitchen to speak with him in private.  
“No.  How do you know?” 
“She told me.”
“So, she’s starting to remember,” he said as he headed out to the patio.  “Kenton, my boy, I’m in the mood for a smoke.  How about keeping me company?”
Kenton shot me a quizzical look, but gave Hap no argument as he followed him outside.  I did my best to read Hap’s lips, but when my mother came to me to discuss our evening meal, I had no choice but to look away.
My curiosity about why Hap wanted to confer with Kenton about Josh attacking my mother was all consuming to the point that I had difficulty keeping up with the table talk over dinner. If anyone noticed, they made no mention of it.
My mood was such that I would have preferred to take off after dinner and find my brother so that I could ring his scrawny neck, but game time was the only time that I heard genuine laughter coming from my mother.  I couldn’t deny her that.
We played for an hour longer than normal.  I could see that my mother was tiring and I wondered if Hap extended our game time on purpose for just that reason.
Kenton slipped off as soon as Hap suggested that we call it a night and I helped mom up to her room.  The glow of the moon shone through the large picture window when we reached the mezzanine and I realized that the moon would be full in a few more nights.
I heard Hap make his way to the guest room he’d taken up residence in.  My mother had actually suggested that he move in permanently since he loved the house so much and there was an abundance of space, but he declined her offer.  I couldn’t blame him.  There was something about having a little space of your very own that was appealing, even if you didn’t use it.
I waited up as long as I could for Kenton to return.  I was eager to find out what task Hap had set him up to. It felt odd not having him in the house at night.  He’d stopped patrolling after mom was attacked and held vigil over me instead.  Even with Hap in the house, I just didn’t feel as secure as I did, knowing that Kenton was nearby.
He’d selected a guest room to occupy and spent minimal time with me. Having already given my virginity up to him, I’d expected him to share my bed with me. When he didn’t, I worried over it until I could stand no more and then I expressed my fears that he wanted nothing to do with me after catching me with Ethan in the kitchen.  He assured me that it wasn’t the reason and explained to me that he was keeping his distance out of respect for me and then for my mother.  He felt that I’d been embarrassed enough in front of Hap and didn’t want him to think less of me by seeing him coming out of my bedroom in the mornings.  As for my mother, he felt that she’d experienced enough trauma and disappointment without having to witness him coming and going from her bedroom.  When I pointed out that we could have made love while she was in the hospital, he said that he was afraid that Hap would find out -since he was a cop and had a nose for things being done on the sly- and, even if I didn’t worry about what Hap thought of me, he didn’t want to put Hap in the position of having to lie to my mother, should she asked if we were sleeping together.   
Although I was disappointed, I understood and appreciated his reasoning.  
Hap was right.  Kenton was a good one that I needed to cherish. 
I made it until three in the morning before my body took control and I slipped off into a deep sleep.
I dreamt of the large black wolf again.  It was hovered over me and snarling.  I looked into its eyes and felt that familiar pull that I remembered from being with Ethan. I tried to look away, but I felt immobilized.  Unlike with Ethan, there was no rising sexual tension to be released.  There was only fear as saliva dripped from its oversized teeth onto my face.  I watched in horror as it opened its jaws wide enough to tear my face off.  I could feel the heat of its foul breath on my cheeks as it readied to do just that.  Suddenly, a blue-eyed wolf charged out of nowhere and battled it to the ground.  I assume that the blue-eyed wolf won the battle, but I couldn’t be sure because I woke up dripping in sweat.
My hands trembled as I sat up and wiped at the sweat on my face while remembering the dripping wolf saliva.  I could still feel its stickiness as it slid down my cheeks.  Feeling grimy with sweat, I got out of bed and hopped into the shower.  
When I returned to my bedroom, I looked at the clock on my nightstand.  It was four am.  I pulled the bedding off my bed and remade it with fresh linens and blanket before I tossed the soiled linen into the second-floor laundry room.  Satisfied that all remnants of that horrible nightmare were removed, I slipped between the fresh and cool sheets.
I was trying to settle my nerves and release the fear that, if I fell back to sleep, the nightmares would return when I heard what sounded like a chair being dragged across the patio flagstone.  My bedroom was in the back of the house, so I slipped out onto my balcony to investigate.  I didn’t see anyone, but two patio chairs were knocked on their sides.
I leaned further over the edge of the balcony in an effort to see directly below me.  There, flattened against the house was Cindy!
“Cindy?” I said in a hushed voice that was loud enough for her to hear, but not loud enough to wake the house. “What are you doing?”
“Help me, please,” she said with panic.
“I’m coming,” I said as I rushed downstairs to the patio.  
I’d no sooner stepped onto the patio when she flew into my arms.  “Ethan is coming for me.  Hide me, please.”
I pulled her toward the door.  We were almost to it when a large wolf lept through the shrubs that bordered the patio.  His snarl was so frightening that I froze in my tracks.  
“Is that Ethan?” I managed to mutter as I realized how closely he resembled the wolf in my nightmare.
Cindy was hysterical.  “Don’t let him take me back.”
It’s funny how the mind works when you’re in a life or death situation.  Cindy’s wrist had a gaping bite mark on it and her blood was oozing out onto my nightie.  Here I was, face to face with a ferocious werewolf who was hell bent on getting back what he considered his property and all that ran through my mind was the fact that I’d have to shower again.
Ethan’s muzzle was so close to us that I could smell his foul, animal breath.  It reeked of dried blood and rotten meat.  My gag reflux kicked in and I did my best to subdue it.  My legs finally found life again and I inched us back toward the door, hoping that the slider was strong enough to keep him out; providing I was quick enough to close it before he could reach us.  It didn’t seem likely, but I had to try.  
Ethan reared up onto his hind legs, which made him an imposing beast of well over six feet in height. Cindy screamed with all of her might while she buried her face in my chest.  I held her tightly, as if to protect her. In actuality, I was scared to death and the tightening of my hold on her was an auto response to that fear.
I could hear my mother’s voice as she called down the stairs to ask me what was happening.  Thoughts of being torn to pieces like she’d been flitted through my mind. 
Then, it happened.
Kenton came flying -and I mean that literally- through the air.  He landed on the patio just feet away from us.  Ethan’s teeth were in prominent display as his attention left us and went to Kenton. They circled each other in preparation for battle.
I used that opportunity to pull Cindy into the kitchen and yank the slider closed.  By then, my mother was downstairs. She limped up behind us and gasped as she saw Kenton facing down Ethan in his enormous werewolf form. 
“Oh, my,” my mother gasped as she stared at Kenton. “How did that slip past me?”
“He’s going to kill Kenton,” I said with a shaky voice, “and I don’t know what to do to help.”
“He’ll be lucky if Kenton doesn’t kill him,” Hap said as he stepped up behind us.  “I was wondering when it would come to this.” He turned to Cindy and scowled.  “Did you run away or did he bring you here?”
Cincy cowed down at the sight of Hap, but said nothing as she buried herself deeper into my torso. 
“He can’t kill him, can he?” my mother said without the slightest bit of fear in her voice.
“He’s within his rights,” Hap said.  “The damn fool came onto property he’s been openly protecting and officially been banned from.  It would mean a whole lot of sticky business with Michael if he does, though.”
They sounded as if they were having a chat over coffee instead of standing on the opposite side of a glass door with my brave boyfriend foolishly facing down a werewolf with his bare hands.  
I looked directly at Hap.  “Can’t you do something?” 
“Just watch,” he said before laying his hand on my shoulder and adding, “I would have liked to have had you prepared for this.  I’m sorry you’ll find out this way.”
I didn’t have time to wonder about his odd sentence because just then, the fight began. Kenton and Ethan rolled around the ground at such a rapid speed that all I could see was a blur of fur.  When they stopped, Kenton’s mouth was around Ethan’s throat.  He looked in our direction.  His eyes were no longer that sexy blue that captivated me whenever I looked into them.  They were a frightening fiery red. 
Hap pushed Cindy and me aside so that he could slide the door open and say, “Don’t kill him if you can avoid it. No one wants war and that’s what Michael will give us if you kill his firstborn.”
Kenton pulled his long, bloody fangs from Ethan’s throat and snarled.  I gasped at the horror of such a handsome face turned  monster.  Was this really the man I fell in love with?  Who I made love with?  Who I’d cuddled and kissed? 
It took Ethan a few moments to get up and run off.  Before he did, he gave us a threatening snarled through the glass.  I didn’t see what direction he ran to.  It didn’t matter. All that did matter was the fact that Kenton was transforming back to his normal self before my very eyes.
He came to the door and stood looking through the glass at me.  His beautiful blue eyes looked sad and hesitant.  It was as if he was waiting to see if I’d accept him, now that I knew the truth.
By now, Cindy and I were no longer clinging to each other. Although she hovered close, I was free to move without hinderance. Yet, I didn’t.  I simply stood and stared at him as if he was some type of oddity on display.
It was my mother who finally shifted the mood. “Cindy, dear.  Let me get you settled into one of our guest rooms.” She looked at Hap.  “Which one is free.”
“I’ll take her,” Hap offered.
“No!” Cindy bellowed.
Hap scowled, but said no more as he watched my mother wrap her good arm around Cindy and guide her to the stairs. 
I felt Hap stand next to me, but my eyes never left Kenton’s.  He bent over and whispered in my ear, “I’ll leave you two alone.”
The kitchen felt cold and lonely as I continued to stand and stare at Kenton.  My mind was numb, with no thoughts whatsoever floating through it.   I have no idea how much time passed with us like that before he finally asked to be allowed into the house.
Had I witnessed my boyfriend turning into a vampire a few months earlier, I probably would have either fainted or run away as fast as I could.  As it was, I accepted it with minimal resistance. Part of me was just relieved that he wasn’t a werewolf. 
I’d been around him enough to know that he wouldn’t hurt me and that was all that mattered.  Even so, my hands trembled as I nervously slid the door open far enough for him to slip in.  I stepped back to allow him entrance, but I’d miscalculated how much space he needed so his body rubbed against mine as he entered.
I stepped away a bit more and watched as he closed the slider, locked it, and said.  “I don’t think you’ll be bothered again tonight.”
“He was after Cindy,” I said, as if he didn’t know that already.
“She ran away?” he asked, as if surprised.
“Michael locked her in the house until she turned eighteen,” I explained.
“Which she did yesterday,” he mused.
“I didn’t know,” I said.  “I thought it was still a few weeks away.”
“That’s what she was telling them,” he said with a shrug. “She was probably trying to prolong the inevitable.”
“You knew what they planned for her?”
“And you, don’t forget.”
“You should have killed him,” I grumbled.
“I probably would have if Hap hadn’t asked me not to,” Kenton confessed. “It’s for the best.  That wasn’t something I wanted you to see.”
“So, you’re a vampire, then?” I asked, timidly.
“I’m considered a vampire, but, technically, I’m a trybrid,” he explained.  “I was born a hybrid.  I was half fairy and half elf – which made me a hybrid- but I was bitten and turned into a vampire when I was twenty-two years old.”   He eyed me for my reaction.  When I gave none, he added, “That was one-hundred and twenty-five years ago.”
I smiled.  “Ahh.  Hence the outdated complements.”
My acceptance of his vampirism made him smile with relief.  It was nice to see the sparkle return to his baby blues.
Seeing his joy, and needing to lighten the mood, I asked, “Are all vampires as sexy as you are?”
He threw his head back in light laughter and then leaned forward to place a light kiss on the corner of my mouth. “You have no idea how much I love you right now.”
I eyed him for a moment.  “I’m confused.  Folklore says that vampires can’t go into the sun, yet you do. “
“That may be true for a pure vampire, but not for me.”
“You eat food.”
“My body functions normally as long as I stay balanced.  I have a friend at the blood bank who provides me with blood each week.  I don’t need much to remain stable. Again, it’s probably because I’m a trybrid and not pure.”
“They say vampires live forever.”
“Most fae live longer than humans if they live like a fae and not a human.”
He stumped me with that remark. “I don’t understand.”
“There are certain foods we need to avoid in order to elongate our lives.”
“Which are?” 
“Bacon for one,” he said with a smile.
After thinking about it, I never did see him take a bite of the bacon he offered me.  “Yet, you fed it to me anyway?”
“It’s fine for werewolves and I didn’t know that you had mostly fairy and elf in you. I might have, had we had oral sex or unprotected sex, but we did neither.  You should mainly eat vegetables and fish. “
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said as I moved to the kitchen table and sat down.
“Can I join you or would you like me to leave?”  he asked.
“Leave? Why?”
He looked at his feet.  “Because of what you saw.  Because I’m a vampire and you need time alone to absorb it all.”
“And a fairy and an elf,” I reminded him.
He smiled. “True.”
“So, is that how you keep the reserve free of vermin?”
“Sort of.”
“Do you kill them?”
“Only those who are out of control.  Most of the time, I use a form of mind control to convince them to leave and not come back.”
I thought about the control Ethan had on my mind and shuddered. 
“I don’t do it to force sex from someone.  I would never do that.” He grinned mischievously. “If I did, I can promise you that you’d never be able to fight me.”
“Oh, now you’re bragging,” I said with raised brow and a smile.  “Didn’t I remember Ethan in the kitchen when I wasn’t supposed to?” I asked in a mock challenging tone.
“I didn’t know what I was dealing with,” he explained.
“Can’t you guys spot each other?”
“Not always. Especially if you’re a mix.  It’s easier if you’re pure.”
“How did you know that Cindy lied about her birthday?”
“That was a fluke,” he said. “I happened upon a small celebration amongst a few male werewolves.” He looked at me with sad eyes. “Josh was amongst them.” When I made no comment, he continued. “They were doing some sort of fertility ceremony. Apparently, Michael had a group of girls shipped in by a trafficker and intends to disperse them amongst the males for breeding.” He looked at me with all seriousness.  “Not only did I hear them say that Michael discovered Cindy’s true birthday, but Josh has agreed to kidnap you to participate in the breeding frenzy.  It’ll be one enormous werewolf orgie.”
“I wonder how many of the girls are willing girls,” I hissed as my hatred for Josh grew.
“I doubt that any of them are.  The ways of the werewolf are ways that I don’t understand.  Besides, I clearly heard them talking about how expensive it was to get them through the trafficker.” He scowled. “Singling out females with werewolf genes and then kidnapping them had to be hard.”
“And illegal,” I said with urgency. “Even werewolves have to abide by the laws, don’t they?  Otherwise, they’d be found out.”
“Someone is supplying these girls to Michael and I am fairly certain they’re falsifying those consent forms.  I’m sure Hap told you that Michael brought in some girls for breeding a few years ago and when Hap tried to legally stop him, Michael produced some type of consent form for each girl.”  
“I don’t believe Cindy signed any consent form. Especially after what I witnessed tonight.”
“He keeps them in cages,” Cindy said from the archway leading to the hall. 
Kenton and I looked at her with surprise.
“The girls arrived a few days ago.  There are twelve of them ranging from fifteen to nineteen,” she said in a flat tone.  “He has them locked up in the basement in a cage.  He’s already started to take them out, one by one, for breeding.”
“That’s sick,” I hissed.
“What’s sick is that he’s making videos of it for the others to enjoy,” she said. “All except Josh and some new guy named Paul who is fifteen like Josh.”
“Well, at least he has some morals,” I mused.
“No,” Cindy said. “He has them sit in the room and watch so that they can learn what needs to be done to assure impregnation.”
“There’s a method?” I said with confusion.
Kenton cleared his throat. “Werewolves emit a type of sexual venom through oral sex that not only acts as an aphrodisiac, but it boosts the probability of pregnancy by five-hundred percent.”
“Do they really need tutoring for oral sex?” I asked as I recalled all of the fun that I had exploring with my boyfriend back in Chicago.
“They need to know how to keep their fangs from dropping and injuring their partner.  The venom comes from those fangs.  It takes practice to be able to keep them repressed while the venom is released. Not everyone is able to do it.  It’s the same for vampires, but that’s where the similarities end.  More often than not, the vampire ends up biting their sex partner and drinking their blood. It’s not so bad because the venom is released in the blood stream of the partner and a type of sexual high is created.  Unfortunately, that doesn’t happen with a werewolf.  The partner can receive injuries that could prove fatal.” He looked at me, but I didn’t feel as if he was really seeing me. I got the impression he was remembering something. “If he’s able to arouse the girl to optimum without killing her, it’s much easier to blend the venom in with her  own body fluids.  Then, they need to swirl it around inside the womb to make sure it’s thoroughly coated since they’ve no control as to where their sperm will end up.”
“So, they get a tutorial?” I gasped with horror. 
“It’s not so uncommon.  Many cultures tutor in the art of sex,” he said, calmly. “In this case, it’s more of a necessity, I would think.  Werewolves are a clumsy, burly lot. They can use all the help they can get.”
My face went hot as I recalled the fabulous sex I’d had with Ethan. Whoever tutored him had done a fantastic job. There was no love between us, but I couldn’t deny that the sex was hot and super good.  I caught Kenton looking at me – and really seeing me- and looked away.  Memories of Ethan’s sex reminded me that I’d only had sex with Kenton once.  In fact, it was ages since we’d even kissed.  My heart sank at the realization.  
I expressed my exhaustion and suggested we all go to bed.  Cindy helped herself to a glass of water and followed me up the stairs.  As we parted on the mezzanine, I looked for Kenton, but there was no sign of him.  I sighed.  Nothing was as it seemed.  Nothing.


 
Twenty-Five
I was in the stable, tending to the horses, when Cindy finally ventured out of the safety of her room.  I stood in the walkway and watched as she snuck from the house to the stable like a thief in the night.
“What’s with the I spy routine?” I asked as I went back to mucking out Peter’s stall.
She grabbed a pitch fork and began cleaning Daisy’s stall.  “I was worried that Hap was still here.”
“He left around eight,” I said. I dug the tines of the fork into the soft floor of the stall and asked, “What’s wrong with Hap?”
She wiped at the tears as she said, “I saw him bring those girls in the night. He had them handcuffed and tied together like cattle.”
“Hap?” I practically screeched with surprise.
“I know,” she said.  “I thought that he and my uncle hated each other.  You can imagine my surprise when I saw him deliver the girls and then accept a big envelope of money in return.  I know it was money because he opened the envelope and pulled the bills out to look at when my uncle gave it to him.  I guess he didn’t trust him.”
 “Hap?” I said again as if I was stuck on stupid.
 “I didn’t know this at the time,” she said through the bars that separated the horse stalls, “but he was paid to set you up in that trailer. It was all organized by my dear, perverted uncle. I’ll bet you didn’t know that they had hidden cameras set up.  From what I’ve heard, they even managed to zoom it in when Ethan told you to spread your legs and then he pushed you open wider with his fingers.  It was all for the camera, Missy. You’re a star.”
The blood drained from my body and I had to fight to stay upright. “Is this hearsay, or have you seen the video?”
“It’s uploaded on some underground sex site.  I have my uncle’s account name and password if you want to see it.”  She scowled.  “Unless he’s already changed it. My escape happened during an argument between him and Ethan over that video. They saw me watching them.”
Don’t ask me why, but I heard them arguing and I wanted to know the reason behind the fight, so I crept as close as I could to listen.  She told me that Ethan thought that the video of him and me would be used for private use amongst the males in the pack. He had no idea that it would be uploaded onto the dark web and he wasn’t happy about it. As a consolation, Michael gifted Cindy to him. He’d downplayed Ethan’s sex with me, claiming that I was clearly familiar with sex since I responded so readily almost as soon as he went down on me.  
When I wailed with mortification, Cindy tried to make me feel better by reminding me that the venom placed inside of my womb also got into my bloodstream and acted like an aphrodisiac/hallucinogenic.  Combine that with the use of mind control, and the viewers were provided with a class “A” porn flick.
“If it makes you feel any better, Ethan was sincere when he said how much he loved having sex with you,” Cindy said as she grasped for something to say to ease my mortification. “All he talked about was how good you tasted. It was weird.”
“It was probably because of her fairy blood,” Hap said as he entered the stable.  
Cindy tried to run out of the stall, but he met her at the opening and slapped handcuffs on her wrists. I watched with shocked disbelief as he secured her to one of the bars in the front of the stall and then came to me.
“I’m sorry about this, Missy.  It shouldn’t have come to this, but, now that you know, I can’t let you run around telling people,” he said as he cuffed my wrists. “It was only supposed to be the one time in the trailer.  If the boy got you pregnant, then all the better.  I never meant for you to have to service them like the other girls.”
“What are you talking about?” I stupidly asked.
His actions were proving all that Cindy said was right.  My mother’s childhood friend was a human trafficker.  I could only imagine the heartbreak she’d experience once she found out.
He released Cindy from the bar and pulled us both out of the stable.  As I watched him shove Cindy, unceremoniously, into the back of his police car, I filled my lungs with air.  It was my fervent hope that, if I screamed loud enough, either my mother or Kenton -hopefully Kenton- would hear and stop this madness.  Unfortunately, he prevented my yelling by knocking me out with one solid punch in the jaw.
When I regained consciousness, we were in what looked to be a basement room.  Hal was nowhere around.  I searched for a window, but there were none.  The only door to the room looked like it was made of thick steel.  
With the shock of finding out that Hap was a ‘bad guy’ worn off, the fear of what was happening took over. I was at a loss at what to do.  I looked at Cindy, but she’d gone into some sort of muddled mind state. It was as if she’d left her body to avoid the reality of the situation. It was clear that she’d be no help to me.
The room suddenly went dark.  Being extremely claustrophobic, I immediately began to hyperventilate.  The sound of metal grating against metal high above my head echoed through the room. A light high above me came through the opening in the wall. I focused on it to help ease my panic.  It was soon apparent that the light came from a movie projector. My heart dropped to my feet when the movie of Ethan and me having sex in the trailer appeared on the wall.
I stood, mesmerized with despair and disbelief as I watched my abandoned reaction to all that he did while we were in the living room.  The cameras must have been operated by remote, because they zoomed in periodically whenever he raised himself away from one of my parts that I no longer considered private. There were also different angles shown.  I covered my face when the camera zoomed in on his fingers spreading my flesh wide so that my interior was in clear view.  Had it been a medical tutorial, I might have found the sticky, sex coated walls interesting, but, as it was, I was repulsed.
The movie went black and I thought it had come to an end, but no such luck. It was merely a poor splicing job by whoever did the editing of this pathetic sex tape.  They’d somehow managed to get the scene in the shower recorded as well.  It finished with him feasting on my freshly washed crotch before exiting to the trailer. 
I suddenly worried that they’d recorded Kenton coming to the trailer as well, but Ethan’s exit ended the movie.
“That was horrible,” I said through constricted vocal cords.
The lights went back on and Hap came bounding into the room.  He was followed by a camera man and a young man who looked to be around Ethan’s age. 
“I have to say, Missy, that I watch that thing daily. I even jerk off to it now and then. If you weren’t slated for breeding, I’d keep you right here and see if we couldn’t replicate some of that movie.”
Bile rose in my throat as I listened to the filth coming out of the mouth of the man that had both my mother and me fooled into believing he was a saint.  They say that most murders and rapes are done by people close to you. This was a perfect example.
The man set up the camera while Hap cuffed me to a post on the opposite side of the room.  He even went so far as to put a gag in my mouth.  My heart was beating so wildly out of fear of what was to come that I was afraid it would stop.
Hap pulled a murphy bed out of the wall. My eyes went wide as he shot Cindy up with some type of drug.  She immediately became complaisant, giving no resistance while he cuffed her wrists to rings on the wall above her head.
Hap looked at me and smiled. “This is a training session.  We can’t have her fighting him and risking injury from his fangs… or worse.  It is the time of the full moon, after all.  Normally I like to wait, but Mike’s in a hurry to get the breeding program up and running and we have far too many virgin boys to deal with.” 
He introduced the young rapist to me as Joseph.  Joe for short.
I watched as Hap assisted Joe in removing Cindy’s clothes.  I closed my eyes tight and turned my head when they spread her legs wide and cuffed her ankles to keep her in that position.  That was a violation in itself, but having a live audience made it so much worse.
Cindy rolled her head in my direction.  I could see the hurt and despair in her eyes, even if her body didn’t show it.’
Hap stepped out of the camera shot and put some type of apparatus over his mouth to distort his voice. Joe looked into Cindy’s eyes to implant the desire for her to want to have sex with him while Hap explained the how and the why of it while sounding like Mickey Mouse with a cold and the camera man moved to get a close up of Joe and Cindy’s faces.   
Hap said that he’d given Cindy a drug that only clouded her mind long enough to make her docile so that she didn’t scratch them while they stripped her naked and positioned her correctly and suggested that it be used on the new girls for safety sake.  He explained that her head would soon clear and the young man would need mind control to be able to get her to continue willingly.  The drug would stay in her system and enhance her sex desire, but it was the mind control that would make her cooperate, no matter what.
He moved to their heads, while staying out of the shot, while he inspected Joe’s method of mind control.  When he smiled with approval and voiced his praise, he walked to the foot of the bed.  Making sure that he was out of the way of the cameraman as he maneuvered around the bed to get the best shots, Hap pulled up a wooden chair to sit on and told Joe to get down to business.
 

Twenty-Six
I cradled Cindy in my arms.  Hap had allowed us one dim light so that we wouldn’t be completely in the dark; for which I was grateful.  Unfortunately, it didn’t give me enough illumination to get a good, clear look at the damage Joe did to Cindy. To add to her misery, there was no bathroom to clean up in.  Clearly, the room was not intended for housing anyone for any length of time.  We’d been provided with a bucket to do our business in and a few bottles of water and a rag to clean Cindy up with. 
I quickly discovered just how twisted Hap was when he offered me two bottles of water and, with an evil chuckle, said that they had to last me a day so use them wisely.  We literally had to choose between cleaning Cindy’s wounds and quenching our thirst. It didn’t help that the drug Hap gave Cindy left her with an unquenchable thirst.
I grew angry with my parents for not telling me that I had magical blood inside of me. Had I known and been properly tutored, I might have been able to use it to save us from our nightmare.  It was incredibly frustrating to know that it was inside of me and not have a clue how to tap into it.
I remembered a conversation I’d had with a spiritual guru during a workshop that Cricket dragged me to. She’d claimed that there was a lot of truth in plain sight in movies and television shows.  Although I didn’t give her statement much credence at the time, after all I’d learned since moving to my great grandmother’s estate, I believed it.  
I sat in the lotus position and closed my eyes while I did my best to remember all of the supernatural television shows and movies I’d watched over the years.  Each one of them had light shooting out of the hands of the fairies.  They also had the fairies be telepathic.
I put my hands in front of me, palms out, and tried to make like come from them.  Nothing happened.  After about fifteen frustrating minutes, I gave up and focused on telepathy instead.  
I’d heard Kenton declare to Hap that I had a strong mind. Both my mother and Kenton had fairy and elf blood in them. One of them just had to hear my cry for help.
Although I didn’t really think that Kenton was in league with Hap, just to be safe, I sent out a message to my mother.  Whether it was because she was sitting idle while still recovering, or that our connection was just that good, I’m not sure, but I heard her voice in my head almost immediately.
I explained what was happening to Cindy and me as best I could.  I had to repeat it a few times, since -like me- she found it hard to believe that Hap was such a vile creature.   
When it finally sank in that I was telling truth, she had me describe the room to her.  As luck would have it, she knew exactly where we were. She remembered playing in it with Hap when she was a little girl.  She and Hap used it as a fortress. It was in the basement of Hap’s grandparent’s very isolated house on the end of a long dirt road not far from our estate house.
There was little she could do for us in her condition and the person she would normally ask for help was the evil, sadistic bastard who was holding us captive.  She labored over who to go to.  We had no choice.  We had to take a chance on Kenton.
My mind was tired to the point it hurt to think by the time my mother and I broke connection.  I curled up into the fetal position and closed my eyes.  If I was going to be alert for the rescue, I needed to be rested and able to run.
My hopes came crashing down around me when the sound of the door opening up woke me a few hours later and Hap entered the room with a new student and the same camera man.  Cindy squealed with desperation as she scrambled as far into the corner of the room as she could.  I didn’t move.  If they were coming for me, so be it.  At least I wasn’t all chewed up by clumsy Joe.  Kenton wasn’t joking when he stated how much help they really needed to relieve them of their animal clumsiness. Although, by what I saw, I questioned if all of the injuries she suffered from Joe’s fangs were accidental.
To my surprise, relief, and horror, they walked passed me and fetched my chewed up and bloody friend back to the murphy bed.  With the lights on, I was better able to see her blood caked injuries.
Hap smiled. “I didn’t think you’d sacrifice your precious water to clean the girl up.  Good.” He turned to the new guy. “Okay, Simon.  I’ll strip her while you disrobe.”
Since Hal didn’t drug Cindy this time, she fought him as he pulled the skimpy robe she’d been given to wear from her naked body.  Hal slapped her a few times to get her to cooperate and then cuffed her to the bed in the same way he’d done just hours earlier.
“It’s a shame we can’t put you on camera, boss,” the camera man said. “That’s pretty hot stuff.  We have an audience for that.”
“How much do you think we’d make from it?” Hap asked.
“At least as much as what we’re about to film.  Maybe more,” the cameraman said with enthusiasm.
Hap looked thoughtful. “Maybe next time I’ll wear a hood, then.” He looked at Simon, who stood totally naked next to the bed and said, “Get on with it, then.”
I couldn’t believe my eyes as I watched Simon transform into a werewolf. Cindy screamed her terror while Hap and the cameraman smiled and gave each other a thumbs up.  Now in wolf form, Simon climbed onto the bed and began licking the blood from Cindy’s body.  It was careful at first, but then he grew more aggressive.  
I could see that Simon’s wolf body was aroused and, for a brief moment, I questioned if they were making a film about bestiality.
Fear for Cindy consumed me as I watched the wolf’s drool slide down her body as he sniffed every inch of her. I studied Hap to try to understand what he was up to.  He looked aroused and eager for action; as did the camera man.  I wondered if this wasn’t part of the plan.  Simon’s licks were turning into nips. He’d lick dried blood away, only to produce new wounds that oozed fresh blood.
Then it happened.  With one quick snap of his jaws, he tore into her abdomen.  She screamed for her life while Hap put his hands behind his head and stretched his legs in front of him, as if getting comfortable for the show.  The cameraman scooted closer to the side of the bed that would give him a better shot of Simon pulling her intestines from her torso and feasting on them as they splayed across her chest and onto the mattress.
Bloody intestines flew through the air as Simon continued to disembowel Cindy with a fervor of an animal pleased with his delicious bounty.
“I was wondering what would happen if we did this during the full moon,” Hap said with absolutely no remorse in his cold and steady voice.  “I told Mike this was a bad idea.  He has only himself to blame.”
The cameraman stepped back from the bed to avoid getting sprayed by blood. “Shit.  I thought this was going to be a bestiality movie,” he said in a soft tone while he continued to film with all the enthusiasm of a happy producer. “I didn’t expect this. Do you think he did this on purpose? I mean, she got away and blabbed his business.  Maybe he intended this to happen.”  He took his eye away from the lens long enough to flash Hap a smile. “Not that I mind.  This will make our fortune.”
Hap looked in my direction and my blood ran cold. “So, we get rich and get rid of our troubles at the same time. Maybe we should let him have her too.”
The cameraman scowled. “What about the movies you wanted to shoot. Do you want to forfeit that money?   She’s a ripe one.  Her other movie has over a one-thousand pay per views already.”
I couldn’t believe how casually they were chatting away about my porn ability while a large, dark werewolf was just as casually eating my friend.  She was still alive and breathing, but, mercifully, she’d lost consciousness.   I remembered reading a book, years ago, that spoke of how wolves disemboweled their prey while their prey was still alive without regard to how they might suffer while they died a slow death. I’d shuddered, then, at the thought of the prey being aware of something eating it alive.  Now, I was witnessing it firsthand.
I cursed Kenton for not coming to my rescue before silently vowing to haunt Hap to his dying days if he sicked that wolf on me next.
The door bursting open and took us all by surprise.   Kenton stoically entered the room.  He was followed by my mother.  I could see by the look on Hap’s face that he regretted her knowing this about him.  
She looked past him to see Simon’s wolf-self stretched out comfortably on the bed while he continued to feast on poor Cindy’s intestines. A look of horror covered her partially paralyzed face before she regained her composure and searched the room for me.  She found me crouched in terror in the corner of the room.  I’d been gagged and chained to the wall. 
Then, her eyes found Hap.  The look of pure hate and disgust in them made me shudder.
“You disappoint me, Hap,” Kenton said with a slow shake of his head. “I thought you were one of the good guys.”
“It’s all relevant,” Hap snarled. “To some, I’m a king.”
My mother took slow, deliberate steps as she walked deeper into the room and looked around.  “Did your grandfather deal in this? Were we playing fort in a den of iniquity as children?”
“Who do you think got me started?” Hap snarled.
“Do you think I can afford all this land and houses on my pay? The taxes alone would cripple me.” 
Just then, Josh came bounding through the door.  He stopped short at the sight of Kenton and my mother.
“Josh,” my mother choked out. 
“Damn, Maryanne,” he said as he turned her face from side to side.  “Did I do that?” Then, with a shrug, he said, “There goes your love life.  Not that you ever had one to begin with.  Unless you want to count Mr. Jim Beam.”
“So cruel, son,” my mother murmured.
He put his face a mere inch from hers and bellowed so loud that the veins popped out of his neck, “I’m not your son, you ugly bitch!”
I could see the hurt in her eyes and expected tears to flow, but she contained them.  Instead, she backed into the corner, as if to go unnoticed.  I couldn’t blame her.  She really shouldn’t even have come with Kenton.  I assumed that she did because she knew where to lead him.
Kenton walked to the bed and commanded Simon to get away from Cindy’s still live body.  When he simply snarled and continued with his meal, Kenton yanked him off the bed.  I could see the excitement rising in Josh as he watched Kenton battle Simon.  For a moment, I thought that Simon was going to get the better of Kenton, but, when the fighting stopped, Kenton was holding Simon’s severed wolf head high in the air.  He threw it at the cameraman so hard that the camera went crashing to the floor and the cameraman was knocked unconscious.
“Was he filming that the entire time?” my mother asked with disgust.
“He was,” Josh said excitedly.  I could see his chest rising and lowering from an adrenaline rush.  I worried about what he’d do next.
“Son-of-a-bitch, Kenton.  Do you know how expensive that equipment is?” Hap bellowed as he mindlessly swung a fist at Kenton.  Kenton easily avoided Hap’s punch and landed a good one on him instead.
Josh roared a fearsome war roar as he stripped out of his clothes.  It didn’t take a rocket scientist to know that he was about to change into a werewolf.  I lost track of my mother as I focused on the creature who I once considered my brother come to life.  He lept onto Kenton, taking him by surprise, while Hap drove a stake into Kenton’s chest.  Kenton fell to the ground, immobilized.
I screamed a muffled scream as I watched the man I loved body turn into a stone-like statue.  I couldn’t believe the nightmare I was in.  The hope that I was still dreaming and that none of this was real entered my mind and I pinched myself as hard as I could.  When I felt real pain from the pinch, my body collapsed with devastation.
“Did he break the camera?” Hap said to no one in particular as he inspected the equipment, while ignoring the collapsed cameraman. “It looks to be still in one piece.”  He set the tripod upright and tried the camera.  “It works. We’re not out of business after all.”
His eyes had a wild look in them that scared me even more than the crazy look in my werewolf brother’s eyes as he marched over to me and pulled the gag from my mouth. After uncuffing me, he returned to the camera.  I stood still while I massaged life back into my wrists.  I wasn’t sure what Hap had in mind, but I knew it wasn’t good.  
I searched the room for my mother.  I found her standing as still as a statue in the far corner of the room.  Her eyes were locked on Josh.
“Okay,” Hap said as he started up the camera.  “Josh, I want you to kill Missy. Missy, I want you to scream bloody murder.  You know…. Just like Cindy did.  Try not to move around too much though.  That bastard did a bit of damage to the tripod.  I won’t be able to pan the room very well.”
I assumed it was the shock of what he was saying, the realization that it was really about to happen, and my body’s attempt to shut it all out, that made Hap’s final words sound like he was speaking to me under water. 
The room began to fade into a circle and I knew that, if I wasn’t careful, I’d faint and never wake up. If I was going to escape the jaws of my maniac ex-brother, I needed to keep alert and in control of my faculties.   
I don’t know why I wasted energy being concerned about it.  Between the weakness in my limbs from being confined with cuffs and chains, lack of fluids, furnishings in the way, and Josh’s incredible speed, I didn’t stand a chance of escaping.  My body slammed to the floor beneath Josh’s bulk with such force that it knocked the wind out of me.  I heard my mother scream my name and I began to scream hers back.  
I couldn’t see her from where I was, but I could easily see Kenton’s stone-like face as he lay, face down and very dead on the floor.  
Since I was fully clothed.  Josh didn’t have the easy access to my flesh like Simon had with Cindy. I could hear the fabric tearing as he snarled and gnashed his way past it.  I stopped screaming and closed my eyes as I prepared myself for the pain of him disemboweling me.  I prayed that I’d lose consciousness, like Cindy did, so that I didn’t have to see and feel it happening.  I felt a sort of calm resignation come over me as I monitored his progress with my clothes.
When I felt a glob of his slippery saliva drop onto my abdomen, I knew he’d reached his goal. As if on cue, the growl of another wolf permeated the room.  It was far fiercer than the growls Simon or Josh had emitted.  My heart threatened to stop from fear.  Was I to be the meal for two of them?
My body jolted as Josh was knocked off me by the wolf.  I could hear Josh’s cries as the wolf wasted no time in tearing out his throat.  The battle was over before it began.
The room was so silent, you could hear a pin drop.  I looked over at my rescuer and gasped.  It was the white wolf with the blue eyes from my dream.  Taking a closer look at Josh’s still body, I could see that he was the dark wolf of my nightmares.  I’d been getting warnings all along.
I couldn’t believe my ears when I heard Hap clap his hands.  “That was beautiful.  Simply beautiful. And, I got it all on camera.”
The white wolf snarled as it knocked Hap down and tore his throat wide open.  I sat up and looked around me.  The room was full of blood and dead bodies. 
The white wolf looked at me with sad, blue eyes before pulling the stake from Kenton’s chest.  I watched in wonderment as he slowly came back to life.
He lept to his feet and looked around.  Letting out one of the saddest sighs I’d ever heard, he said, “Oh, Maryanne, I’m so sorry.”
It was when the wolf nudged Kenton with its nose that I had the presence of mind to look for my mother.  She was nowhere to be found.  
I called for her, repeatedly.  Each time, the panic in my voice increased.  The white wolf came to me and placed its head in my lap, just like in the dream.  I hesitated, but finally put my hand on its head.  Like in my dream, the fur was far coarser than it looked.
“She turned to save you,” Kenton said as he helped me to my feet. 
“Where is she?” I asked; still not grasping the meaning behind his words.
“She’s right there,” Kenton said as he pointed to the wolf. 
I looked at the wolf and hesitantly said, “Mom?”
She emitted a few dog-like sounds to show that she understood what I was saying and then nudged my leg with her nose. 
“She wants to leave,” Kenton said as he put his arm around me and guided me toward the exit.
“How do you know?” I asked.
“There’s more than one way to communicate,” he said. “You should know that. You made the call for help.
 

Epilogue
Cleaning up the mess in Hap’s home took a little more thought and creativity, since Hap was usually the one who my mother and Kenton always had assist them.  Fortunately, Kenton was a member of an association that kept the peace amongst the fae in the area; which was why he was sometimes called away.   Once he explained what happened to the association leaders, they sent a team of cleaners to the house.  I didn’t know if their cleaners worked the same way that mob cleaners worked in the movies, and I didn’t want to know.  
Seeing that Cindy was still alive, Kenton gave her the option of him snapping her neck to take away the pain she was in or of turning her into a vampire.  I was happy when she opted to become a vampire.  I wasn’t ready to lose my new bestie.  Since the love of my life flew through the air and drank blood, I saw no reason why my best friend couldn’t either. 
I asked Kenton to turn me as well, but he said that he never turned someone who was perfectly healthy and not at risk of dying.  He was adamant that we had time to discuss and think on it.  
When I pointed out that a vampire changed him when he was perfectly healthy, he insisted that he wasn’t such a vampire and never intended to be.  He reminded me that, if we altered my diet, I could live far longer than a human.  I pressed the issue until I got him to admit that a vampire outlived a fairy, but he still wouldn’t agree to turning me.  He said that I was still young and that what I wanted one day might change the following week.  I disagreed vehemently, but after a bundle of arguments that landed on deaf ears, I gave up and dropped the subject for the time being.
I learned that my mother had no intention of turning back into her human form.  Transforming into her wolf-self for the first time to save me had removed all of the pain she’d been feeling in her broken body.  She was suddenly pain free.  Not only was she pain free, but she felt emotionally free as well.  After my father’s death, it was something she never thought to experience again.  Through Kenton, she promised to stay nearby and watch out for me, but she just couldn’t return to that crippled, patched-up body.  Although I understood, it saddened me a little.
Kenton promised to teach me how to communicate better telepathically, since I just couldn’t manage it with my mother in wolf form. I asked him about other forms of magic, such as light shooting from my hands and levitating.  He laughed, but said that he’d find a suitable instructor for me.
As for Michael and his werewolves… The Order of Peace Keepers wouldn’t allow us to go in and annihilate them - like Cindy and I so wanted to do- but they did free the girls that Hap had provided and issued Michael a warning to behave in the future or pay for his antics with his life.  
Being a longtime member of the association and being used to having them call the shots, Kenton took their command for us to pull back and not go after Michael and his pack much better than Cindy and I did.  After living for so long, Kenton had a different view on when it was worth going against the association and when to obey.   Since I was alive and unharmed and Cindy seemed to be enjoying being a vampire, he saw no reason to anger his leaders.
Something told me that Cindy would find a way to seek revenge on the Jefferson pack with or without the association’s permission, but I didn’t mention it to anyone. I had no intention of raining on her revenge parade. I would, however, gladly help her in whatever way I was able.   Some things just needed to be done for sanity’s sake. If she managed to pull it off, my heart would be full of gratitude and joy and my mouth would remain sealed.
With the house to ourselves, Kenton finally came to my bed.  Now that the secret was out that he was a vampire, he confessed to me that the night he’d taken my virginity, my virgin blood and his love for me was making it difficult for him to subdue his vampire side.  That was why he left without looking back.   He didn’t want me to see what was happening to him.
He finally made love to me again.  Yes, he bit me during oral sex, but, I have to admit that it was extremely arousing.  Between his adept skills at love making and the venom from his bites, there were times when I begged for mercy before I went insane with pleasure.
He surprised me with his playfulness when he took me from room to room and insisted that we christened each one with our lovemaking. Because of the size of the house, it took the better part of a fortnight, but we finally did it.  
Now, for the outbuildings!
 

About The Author
Eileen Sheehan primarily writes hot, steamy romances (mostly New Adult) with a sexy male and strong female. A few are steamier than others (see their description). The majority of her novels are paranormal, but some are novels about normal people in love (contemporary or historical with the author name of Ailene Frances). ALL of her stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes hot, sometimes sweet lovin'. She strives to write a novel length that will allow the busy woman to be able to sit down in an evening or two and be taken on a romantic journey without having a week go by before she gets to the end of the story.  Most of her novels take the average reader five to six hours to read.

An incurable romantic, she has a love affair with at least one of her characters... one book at a time. She hopes the same thing happens to you.


***

Eileen Sheehan started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, she tried her hand at writing screenplays. Her screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. Finally finding her niche, she lets her imagination loose with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy and some are tame) with the author name of Eileen Sheehan. She creates steamy historical and contemporary romances with the author name of Ailene Frances.  Seeing how far out of the box she could stretch, she crafted an alternative romance with the author name of E. F. Sheehan and has a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan. 

A Personal Note from Eileen:
Hello all of you paranormal/ romance/ horror/ thriller fans! Thank you for supporting me as an indie author. If you could feel inclined to write a review, or even simply tell a fellow reader that you enjoyed my books I'd be eternally grateful. Reviews are one of the primary things that retailers look at when referring a book to others, which makes them almost as important as sales. If you want to see more quality writings at a reasonable price, please support my efforts by leaving a review. Thanks!


A Sneak Peek at Book 1 of the Adventures of Vickie Anderson: VICKIE; Doctor by day. Zombie hunter by night.

ONE

I can’t remember a time when I wasn’t trying to help heal someone or something.  As a little girl on my family’s dairy farm, I made it my mission to help my father with the care of the animals.  Such was my dedication that when I found a baby bird that fell out of its nest, I took great pains to nurse it to health and see that it was able to care for itself before I set it free.
Originally, I was determined to heal others the old-fashioned way, with herbs and energy work.  I’d read plenty of how-to books on the subject and even taken a few online courses. When I left the farm as soon as I graduated high school and moved to find my way in the nearby city of Winchester, Virginia. I even went as far as to open my own holistic practice.  
It was when I attended a six-week course through the local college’s community education program on herbal remedies that I decided that it was okay to integrate herbal and energy healing with modern medicine.  I really didn’t need the course.  I’d poured myself into that world for so many years that there was very little in the line of herbal remedies or reiki energy work left for me to learn.  I just enjoyed taking the classes and mixing with likeminded people who got a kick out of exchanging herbal remedy recipes and reiki sessions.  
Dr. Peter Thomason was the instructor of this class. I didn’t know for sure, but I guessed him to be in his early thirties.  He was not only full of excitement for life, but I found him incredibly handsome and charismatic. It was more than his looks; which, in themselves, were enough to mesmerize any healthy, red-blooded female. I couldn’t imagine anyone being able to resist his royal blue eyes that were made to look even bluer by the thick black lashes that framed them and his sun-bronzed skin as a background.  He had a full head of shoulder length hair that was almost ebony black with hints of sunlight running through it. They were more prominent in the out of doors than under the florescent lights of the classroom.  He wore his generous head of hair pulled back in an old-fashioned queue for most of the classes, but there were a few times when he simply let it fall wildly about. When he did, it framed his high cheek bones and square jaw in such a way as to make me wish it was my arms wrapped so possessively around such beauty instead of that hair.  I would sit in the back of the room and revel in the sight of the lean, muscular physique that I was sure existed beneath his baggy linen shirt and pants. 
On the few occasions when I was near enough, the pheromones he emitted practically drove me to the point that I needed to either leave the room or jump his bones; which was saying a lot because I was still a virgin. Since we were in a classroom with other students- and, even if we were alone, I was too inexperienced to know how to lure him into taking me right there on his desk- I opted to leave the room.  I’d visit the ladies room for a splash of cool water on my face and a good one-on-one scolding between me and my reflection in the mirror.
He’d recently arrived from a tour with Doctors Without Borders in Africa, which was where he got that memorable tan. More than once, he’d share a tale or two of what it was like for him to treat those in need with both herbs and modern medicine.  It was through his stories that I concluded that both had their place, and both had their value.  It soon became clear to me that by combining the two, I’d be able to heal a lot more efficiently and effectively.  By the time the six-week course was over, I was looking at colleges to attend for my medical degree.
Sadly, Dr. Thomason was scheduled to go on yet another tour with Doctors Without Borders shortly after the course ended, but I managed to convince him to have coffee with me to discuss my plans to go to medical school before we said our good-byes.  Admittedly, I would have preferred our conversation between the sheets after a ridiculously long marathon of love making instead of at Starbucks while drinking a latte and eating a cheese Danish, but no matter.  The meeting with the oh so handsome Dr. Peter Thomason, die-hard good Samaritan, was so intense and profound that it solidified my determination to become a medical doctor.
That was twelve years ago.
With my residency behind me, and a medical license finally in my grasp, life became a whirlwind of busy and full, but there were still times when I had a few moments of quiet to reflect on things that a vision of the handsome Dr. Peter Thomason popped into my mind and I wondered what good deeds he was doing and what third world was he doing them in.
 As for what was happening with me in my world…  I’d accepted a position as the town physician in a small community, called Wolf Junction, in the hills of West Virginia, not far from Mechanicsville. It wasn’t that I didn’t have opportunities to join the staff at a few prestigious hospitals.  I’d even been offered a position at a couple of holistic clinics that specialized in using both traditional and alternative medicine when dealing with illnesses such as cancer.  I was seriously considering one particular clinic in Phoenix when I learned of the position as town doctor in Wolf Junction. At first, I paid it little mind. After all, I may have been a newly licensed physician, but, not only was I top in my class, I was also highly knowledgeable in herbal and energy medicine.  The idea of the freedom being a town doctor would offer over that of a clinic with its hierarchy and rules was alluring.  I’d done my residency in a big city hospital with its mega rules, regulations, and jealous competitiveness amongst peers. Being able to work on my own and call the shots was definitely appealing. When I read the report on the recent outbreak of death by mysterious causes, I was sold.  The idea of being the physician to discover the illness that was killing a goodly number of Wolf Junction residents when others were stumped was far too alluring.  I just had to accept the offer. Besides, it would also provide me the freedom I so valued when it came to integrating alternative and traditional medicine.  The depths of the Blue Ridge Mountains weren’t exactly third world, but society in small towns tended to be less progressive than most of the country.  It was as close to third world as I was going to get.
So, with my medical degree and license proudly in hand, I packed my bags and headed off to Wolf Junction and my new life as Dr. Vickie Anderson, the town physician.  
Little did I know what I was getting myself in for.
 
 

TWO

Wolf Junction may not have been as advanced both socially and economically as the rest of the country, but it was filled with history.  To me, this made up for a lot.  
The home I’d rented was an enormous Victorian style house with a gorgeous wrap around porch.  It was far too large for one person, but it had a two-room office set up with a space to act as the waiting room and its own entrance. I was of the frame of mind that having my office under the same roof where I lived would reduce my overhead.  After all, I’d built up a considerable amount of debt putting myself through school.  Fortunately, my holistic care skills paid for most of my living expenses during my years of education, but there was still the loan for the actual cost of schooling looming over me.   As luck would have it, the place came partially furnished.   So, I lived in a one-hundred plus year old house that was the size of a mini-hotel with enough décor in it to make it look occupied.  Had the place not come with furnishings enough to soften the interior of the grand house, my bank account would have allowed me to select a room or two to furnish while leaving the rest to the ghosts whose voices echoed off the walls some nights.
I’m not being dramatic when I say the walls echoed voices. It was my own fault for going through a realtor and renting the place from the recommendation of the realtor and the photos I saw on the website.  Had I inspected it in person, I would have found the set up in the basement for the mortician to embalm and prepare the bodies to be laid out upstairs in the viewing rooms.
For some reason unbeknownst to me, the realtor left the fact that I was renting a former funeral home out of all communications.  Since there was no law stating that its former use needed to be divulged, there was nothing I could do about it but remind myself that I was a woman of science and medicine.  The residue of death didn’t, shouldn’t, and wouldn’t bother me.
For a small community, the town of Wolf Junction managed to keep two funeral homes in business right up until Jack Crowley, the mortician who owned my home, died a quiet and peaceful death three years earlier.  Running a funeral home had been a Crowley family tradition right up until Jack’s death ended it. Jack’s wife pre-deceased him by ten years. Sadly, they were childless and not one of his relatives felt obliged to pick up where he left off.  The house was one of the few things left in the estate that the relatives hung on to.  Whether it was for sentimental reasons, since it was a Crowley who’d built it, or if it was for investment purposes, I couldn’t say.  They tried to find another funeral director to take the place over, but, after three years of no interest, they put it with a realtor to rent and, well, you know the rest.
Business was slow at first.  Some of the townspeople were leery about patronizing a doctor who lived in and worked out of a funeral home, while others worried about the fact that I was so young.  It didn’t help that the doctor I replaced -who had died of old age in his sleep- treated the townsfolk for over sixty years.  His shoes were tough ones to fill.
What went to my advantage was my knowledge of alternative remedies.  I quickly discovered that the locals were more trusting of things that came from mother nature than they were with what came from the pharmacist at the neighborhood drug store.  So, I started out peddling the holistic side of my services and slowly slipped the medical into the mix.
By the end of the third month, things looked like they just might work out for me.  Although there was still room for plenty more, I had enough patients to fill up at least three days out of the week; although I spread them out throughout the five as best I could.   I used my free time to explore the area, as well as my enormous house.   
Wolf Junction was a small town amidst other small towns that were nestled in the hills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. I was delighted to discover the myriad of antique shops these towns possessed. History abounded.
It was in one of these quaint shops that I struck up a conversation with the woman behind the sales counter.  She was old enough to qualify as an antique herself, but she had the feistiness of a young woman in her persona.  Her name was Megan Hastings and I found her delightful.  
Megan was a walking encyclopedia of just about any topic that came up, or so it seemed.  She also had a great head on her shoulders when it came to pragmatic subjects; such as the fact that I was rambling around in that grand house when I could have the company of a boarder or two.
What a great idea!
As luck would have it, Megan even knew of a few professionals who would appreciate living arrangements like that.  One was a social worker who traveled through the area regularly checking on her cases.  Megan was sure that she would appreciate having a steady place to stay where she could keep a few belongings.  
The other would probably be a more temporary situation. He was a novelist who believed he wrote best if he planted himself in the geographical area that he was placing his characters in and exposed himself to the environments or situations that were similar to what he created in his story lines.  It was her understanding that he planned on staying for at least a year. He’d visited Megan’s shop and struck up a conversation with her enough for her to feel confident in recommending him as a boarder.  She had no doubt he’d be thrilled to leave the boarding house he spoke so poorly about.
It took less than two weeks to interview these two potential boarders, check their references, and set them up in one of the many bedrooms that my house had.  In fact, a few of the rooms had Jack and Jill bathrooms so I was able to rent out the two rooms to create a little private living space as well for each of them.  Megan was not only a feisty old gal with a winning personality, she was a genius.
I took the rent from the boarders and designated it to help pay off my innumerable debts from school.  This allowed me to re-invest money that I earned from my health care practice back into it.
Life was good.
 
 

THREE

Angela McGraw was a few years older than me, but not by much.  We looked to be about the same size too, but that’s where the similarities ended. Where my hair was sleek and dark, and my skin fair and unblemished, she sported a coppery head of wiry curls and flesh so peppered with freckles that it was impossible to count them.  As my eyes traced them to the collar of her pale blue cotton blouse, I had to fight the urge to ask if they continued onto her back and chest.  I guessed they did, but that was just a guess.  I envied her those striking green eyes.  Mine were such a common brown.  I noticed that they resembled rich emerald when she spoke passionately on a subject; which was often. 
She’d been working as the county’s traveling social worker for five years.  It was easy to tell that she loved her job by the way she lost herself into conversing about it whenever the opportunity arose. 
She was less outgoing and generous with words and information when it came to discussing herself and her family.  The background checks I’d done showed me that she’d lost her parents when she was in her early teens and was taken in by her aunt and uncle on her mother’s side.  Although she didn’t say, I got the impression that she wasn’t very fond of them and was eager to leave the nest as soon as she came of age.  Her brother, Michael, was two years older than her.  He died while fighting in Iraq. Her pain over losing him echoed in her words as she told the tale.  
She was a vegetarian and an animal activist with a special affinity for cats.  She didn’t own a pet for the simple reason that she was traveling too much and couldn’t take it with her, but it was something she longed to have.  Because it’s my philosophy that people should think before they speak, I didn’t offer to let her have a cat.  I needed to see how well she worked out as a boarder first. I also wanted to see how much she’d be home to take care of it.
Evan Ottenburg was the writer. Information on him was a bit harder to acquire, but I managed to get enough to feel comfortable about renting to him.  He was a clean cut, nice looking guy who was in his mid-thirties.  Unlike Angela, his features didn’t make him stand out as soon as he entered a room.  He blended with the crowd in a way that allowed him the anonymity I assumed he sought when people watching and coming up with ideas for his stories.
It didn’t hurt that he’d already met Angela in passing while visiting Megan’s shop and they spoke of each other in a way that made me believe them to be compatible. Just to make sure, I held a small dinner party and invited them, along with Megan, the sheriff, Max Orwell, and the owner of the town’s weekly paper, Joslin Camp.  
As I’d expected, Evan and Joslin took an instant liking to each other.  It was by listening to their conversation that I learned that Evan started his writing career as a journalist for the New York Post.  He eventually grew tired of the rat race and tried his hand at writing fiction.  His talent as a word sleuth, combined with his connections in the media world, gave him the foundation to help get the publicity he needed for his first novel to become a best seller.  He wrote under a pseudo-name, but I learned that was quite common.  A lot of writers did this for a variety of reasons; mainly the anonymity factor.
I chuckled when I saw Angela’s reaction to Max when he stepped onto my front porch and offered me a bottle of wine as his contribution to the evening.  I’d had the same reaction when I first met him.  Who wouldn’t?  He stood an easy inch or two over six feet tall with shoulders that resembled those of a football player.  His broad chest tapered down to narrow hips and a tight butt.  His pants didn’t hug his thighs, but I could tell that they were well-formed and muscular. I expected him to tell me that he was a body builder, but it was far from the truth.  He got his powerful physique from the hard labor that was required of successful farmers and he kept it by keeping busy in the out of doors doing things like hunting, camping and hiking.  He was also known to pitch in during haying season should a farmer find himself shorthanded; which was often.  His thick, sandy blonde hair was just long enough to cover the top of his ears.  It fell across his forehead in a way that drew attention to his sky-blue eyes. 
Had I been looking for a boyfriend, I would have definitely set my sights on Max. As it was, I was far too focused on getting my career off the ground to want to spare the time I felt would be necessary to maintain a relationship with a man that was anything more than casual friendship. 
This had been my thought process since I’d graduated high school.  Believe it or not, I went on exactly two dates while in college; both of which turned out disastrous.  I was of the frame of mind that dinner and a movie warranted a thank you and a nice evening kiss while my dates felt it deserved a wild bout in bed.  Since I was still a virgin and found neither of them hot enough to tempt me to change that status at the time, I sent them packing.  They didn’t call for a second date and I was just as happy.  I knew that when the time was right, I’d settle down with a man.  Now just wasn’t the time.  Since I’d always been fine with my own company, I wasn’t worried.
Dinner proved not only entertaining, but it seeded the beginning of several friendships. Once again, I praised Megan for her genius.  I couldn’t imagine how different my life would have been had I never walked into her antique shop.
****
The entire (4) book series of the adventures of Vickie Anderson --Vickie: Doctor by Day. Zombie Hunter by Night (Book 1); Vickie: Doctor by Day. Werewolf Hunter by Night(Book 2); Vickie: Doctor by Day. Ghost Whisperer by Night (Book 3); Vickie: Doctor by Day. Vampire Medic by Night (Book 4)—can be obtained in eBook or print (and audio by 12/2019) from most booksellers.
