


Alone Again
John T. Gaffield

Published by John T. Gaffield at Smashwords.com
Copyright 2011 John T. Gaffield
3rd Edition – June 2014

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your own use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

###


I

David became aware that something was shaking the bed while he was sleeping. Was it something similar to an earthquake he wondered, with his eyes remaining shut?
“Dave, wake up!” Emily said prodding him once again from a deep sleep. He did hear her, but he struggled to find the energy to respond.
“Damn it Dave, wake up!” she said louder, with a strong enough shove of his arm that it moved a few inches. “I’m feeling very cold, and I’m shivering,” she continued.
“Huh, do you have a fever?” he slowly responded with his eyes still closed.
“No, it felt like something was taking the heat from my body. I have no idea what was doing it, but that’s what it felt like,” she answered.
He took a deep breath, and replied carefully “are you thinking it’s related to the voices you think you hear around the house that’s causing this?”
“I suspect it could be. I just don’t know who they are or what they are trying to do to me,” she replies.
 “Do you feel sick to your stomach, like with the flu or something?” David asked, trying to get her to think about something else.
“No, I don’t feel sick! Something in this house is causing this!” Emily replied angrily. David was not sure how to respond for a few seconds.
“Like I keep telling you dear, this is an old house, and there can be plenty of strange noises. I just know I’ve heard many creaks or similar things in this house,” he said.
“I know what I hear around this house! I do hear voices, damn it!” she yelled in response.
“Okay, okay. How can I help you now?” David asked her.
 “Can you look at me?” she asked in calmer voice.
He asked “Do you think it could be because you’re not getting enough food? You haven’t been eating much at all for quite awhile, you know. It could even be causing you to imagine things, too.”
“It’s probably that damn tea you keep making me drink every night. So just turn the light on and look at me!” She added.
“Hmm . . . okay, I’ll get the light,” he agreed reluctantly, and then added”, but the tea can help you relax. It’s also one of the few things I can get you to drink or eat for that matter.”
He pulled the covers off of himself and got up. When he reached the bedroom door, he turned on the light. 
“Come on, hurry!” she said, getting frustrated.
He turned around, and said “okay, what did you want me to look for?”
She thrust her hands toward him, and said “Look at my hands. Do you see them shaking?”
As he got to the side of the bed, he looked closely at her outstretched hands.
He responded “Yeah, they are shaking a bit.”
“A bit? They‘re shaking a lot!” she commented.
“It feels really cold around me. Can you feel the air near me?” she asks.
David reached toward her left arm. After holding his hand above her arm for a moment, he commented “Sorry, it doesn’t really seem any cooler around you than other places in the room.”
She sighed, and replied “but it is colder. I can feel it. Well can you see if I have a fever at least?”
He moved his hand away from her arm, and toward her forehead. After resting the back of his hand on her forehead for a moment, he commented “That’s strange. You don’t seem to have a fever.”
 “What’s wrong with me!” she yelled at him. He was stunned for a moment by her overreaction.
“Dear, I don’t know. Maybe the fever has passed,” he said, trying to calm her down.
“Well, just get me something for a fever, in case I do have one! Hopefully it will help with all the aches I been having. Get the yellow pill bottle, too,” she asked loudly.
“You still hurt too?” he asked.
“Of course, just hurry up and get the pills!” she said starting to raise her voice again.
“Okay, okay. I’ll be back soon.” David replied then turned toward the bedroom door.
“Just hurry,” she requested.
He continued to the bedroom door, and then headed down the upstairs hallway with the railing overlooking the stairway to the first floor. After reaching the bathroom with the door left open, David entered the dimly lit room. The nightlight plugged into the wall was casting a yellowish glow throughout wallpapered, and dark stained bathroom. At first, he thought he could see enough to look around without turning on the light. He reached for the medicine cabinet near the doorway and opened it. After he looked into it for the yellow bottle of pain medicine for a few seconds, he realized that he needed more light in order for him to make out the colors of the pill bottles in the cabinet.
A moan from Emily emanated from down the hall. He paused for a moment, shook his head and then reached near the door and turned on the light. The two wall sconces on either side of the large mirror illuminated as well as another light above the bath tub. He then looked to the medicine cabinet again. Though cluttered with many type of bottles, tubes, and other items, he saw a plastic yellow orange bottle of some type of pills. He reached into the cabinet and removed it.
“Where are you?” Emily yelled from the bedroom.
“I have it. I’ll be back soon. I just need to get the glass of water first,” he responded loud enough that she would hear him.
“Just hurry!” she yelled back.
“Yeah right,” he said under his breath as he quickly grabbed her glass from the counter, and fill it about halfway full. He then turned toward the bathroom doorway. Carefully holding the pill bottle and the glass of water, he made his way back to the master bedroom. After passing through the open bedroom doorway, he held the bottle of pills in his hand toward Emily, who was sitting on the edge of the bed.
“That’s for coughs! Why would you get that for my fever? That’s orange!” she commented to him in a raised voice when she saw what he was carrying.
“I’ll look again,” he said humbly as he set the glass of water on the dresser.
“Can you run? I need it now!” she asked with a raised voice.
“I’ll hurry,” David replied and quickly turned to return to the bathroom.
 “Why?” he said under his breath as he reached the bathroom doorway.
He placed the bottle of cough medicine on the counter, and looked into the open medicine cabinet. After shifting his head around a bit, he finally saw another bottle of pills near the back of the cabinet. This one looked yellow. He sighed, and reached into the cabinet to retrieve the yellow bottle of pills. After looking at it quickly, he saw that it was fever pills. After a quick nod to himself, David turned toward the door, and quickly head back to the bedroom. He passed through the bedroom doorway once again.
“That’s it! Why didn’t you get that the first time?” Emily asked.
David just shrugged his shoulders as he handed the bottle to her. She snapped it out of his hand, and he pulled his hand back. His heart raced. She opened the top of the pills, and dumped two pills onto her hand.
“Hand me the water,” she asked.
“Sure,” he said then he reached for the glass of water.
She took the pills with the water after getting the water. She handed the cup back to him. After he had taken the cup, she found the cap for the bottle.
“You’ll have to put this back in the same spot in the medicine cabinet,” she told him while putting the cap back on to the bottle.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to leave this here for you, in case you need it again?” he asked.
“Get it out of here now!” she screamed as she hurled the bottle of pills at his head. He was able to move his head to the right just in time to have the bottle miss his head, but close enough that it did pass through his hair.
“Hey!” he reacted, while he straightened his head back up slowly.
“What the hell was that?” he asked with his voice trembling.
“Just pick that damn thing up, take it back, and put it away in the same spot in the cabinet now!” she screamed with her eyes wide and fixated on him.
 David backed up slowly while he kept his eyes on her. After he located the pill bottle on the floor to his left, he bent down to retrieve it. With the pill bottle in his hand and the empty glass in the other, he slowly turned toward the bedroom door again. He headed back to the bathroom. As he entered it, he placed the glass on the counter, and then turned toward the open cabinet. He tried to remember exactly where the pills where in the cabinet. He placed the bottle of pills to the back of the cabinet about where he remembered it from before.
After closing the cabinet, he turned to leave the bathroom. He then paused, since he was still trembling from the outburst. After turning back to look at himself in the mirror for a moment, he closed his eyes, and took several deep breaths. Since he wanted to calm down before returning, he focused on relaxing as much as he could at that point. After about a minute, he faced the bathroom doorway again. As he passed through the doorway, he turned the light off. He continued down the hallway toward the bedroom again.
He entered the bedroom again, and saw that Emily was lying down on the bed with the covers over her. As he entered the bedroom he turned out the overhead light. Only the nightlight remained. She did not react to the lights being turned off. Perhaps she was asleep, he thought. David took a deep breath for a moment, relieved that she was asleep. She had so much trouble sleeping since they had been in the house. She just could not sleep much, due to hearing things in the house, feeling sick or other reasons. He slowly continued into the room to avoid making too much noise.
Upon reaching his side of the bed, he sat on the edge briefly, and slid under the covers. He then rested his head on the pillow. Emily was facing the opposite direction. He could hear her breathing, and it did sound like she was asleep. As he closed his eyes, he wondered how things had progressed to this point. What changed in her? Was she having some mental problems? He remembered the Emily he married 6 years ago. It was like she was a different person. She rarely argued with him before, and never would have thought of trying to harm him. She seemed so detached and angry. The violent outbursts seemed to happen more often. Something changed her after they moved into this house. The house they finally had the money saved up for the down payment for, and that seemed like a dream home. The beautiful old Victorian house in Pleasant Ridge, Michigan which was only a few miles away from their old apartment just didn’t turn out to be what they expected.
David was very worried about her. She rarely ate, and constantly had some kind of illness, which was probably due to poor nutrition. She was getting very thin and seemed to be in some type of pain all of the time. Of course she would not see anyone. No doctor, no psychologist or even a friend. She did not want anyone else to help her but him. Since she seemed to be constantly in need of his attention, he rarely got enough sleep, and his job at the bank was suffering. He could not afford to lose the job, since she had lost her job not too long after they moved into the house. She just was not reliable any more, and had missed too many days of work. He was not sure what she did while he was at work, but he knew that not much housework had been done. Again, this was not like her, at least before they had moved into the house. He took a deep breath, and tried to relax, since he only had about one more hour before he was to get up for work.



II

The following evening, after David had unsuccessfully tried to get Emily to eat some dinner, he was in the kitchen preparing some tea for her using a tea kettle to heat up the water on the stove. As he usually did, he had put the loose tea into the tea ball the night before so that it would be ready for the next time he made it for Emily. He reached to where the ball hung on the side of a cabinet. After removing it, he placed it into the mug on the counter. Staring out of the kitchen window, David’s thoughts began to drift.
Steam began to shoot out of the small hole in the cap at an increasing rate. The start of the whistle brought David’s thoughts back to the kitchen. He turned off the stove, and grasped the handle of the tea kettle. The hot water was then poured into the mug with the tea. He checked the time on the clock, and waited while the tea steeped.
The house was mostly silent, save the occasional creak or groan that David had grown accustom to hearing. Could Emily’s mind have made her think some of these sounds were voices? David was not sure what was causing her to believe that she was hearing voices in this house.
After about three minutes, he checked the clock, and reached for the cup on the counter. He removed the tea ball, emptied the contents into the trash. He then cleaned it out. Afterwards he removed a tin with loose tea from a cabinet. He collected tea in the ball, and hung it back on the brad on the side of a cabinet. He then left the mug on the counter to cool a few more minutes, since she did not like the tea too hot. As he paused to take a deep breath, the phone rang. He walked to the cordless phone on the counter.
“Hello, this is David,” he answered.
“Hi Dave, this is Stephanie from work. I’m sorry to bother you at home. Do you have a moment?” Stephanie asked.
“Sure Stephanie, how can I help?” he offered.
“Well, before you left this evening I forgot to ask you if you had a chance to review the revised daily figures from last week. I need to turn them in first thing tomorrow morning, so I just had to call and ask if you had a chance to look at them.” she asked.
“Oh yes, Stephanie, I did review them, and they looked fine. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that they looked okay before I left,” he replied.
“Great, then we should be all set! Thank you so much, Dave. I’ll see you tomorrow,” Stephanie replied.
“Okay, I will see you Stephanie, Goodbye,” he said.
“Goodbye,” she replied. He then hung up the phone.
“Who was that?” Emily asked loudly from the sitting room.
“Stephanie from work,” he answered.
“Why is she calling you at home?” She asked again loudly.
David began to make his way toward the sitting room, since he would still have a few minutes before the tea would be cooled down and ready.
“Oh she needs to turn in some corrected figures from last week, and she needed to ask if I had looked at them, which I had reviewed this afternoon. So she is all set,” he answered.
Seeing that he was coming closer to her, she lowered her voice slightly as she said “Well, I just don’t like women calling you here at home. Is this one of the single women in the bank?” 
As David came into the room, he nodded and replied “yes, but she is very professional, and I don’t want you to worry about anything going on here.”
“Sorry dear, I just don’t like it,” she said as he could see that she was sitting on the couch near the front of the house, and she was staring out of the window.
“Well dear, you can trust me, can’t you?” he asked.
Emily took a deep breath, and replied “yes, I trust you.” She still stared out of the window.
“Thank you, dear,” he replied looking toward her on the couch, which was the same location she had been since he arrived home from work earlier that evening.
 “Oh, your tea is almost ready. I’ll bring it to in a minute or so, since it should be cooled down for you,” he told her.
“Sure,” Emily replied in a whisper, but without looking directly at him.
After pausing a moment, he said “okay, I’ll be back in a moment.”
He then turned back down the hallway, and casually walked back to the kitchen since he was not in a hurry. As he passed the dining room, he heard Emily whisper again. He could not understand what she had said, though.
“Are you okay, dear?” he asked aloud, after he stopped walking, and turned his head back toward the sitting room. She did not reply. After about half a minute of waiting for a response, David slowly resumed walking to the kitchen. As he entered the kitchen he looked for the mug on the counter. He stopped for a moment. The mug did not look like it was in the same spot he had left it near the corner of the counter. It seemed a bit further away from the edge. He shook his head and thought to himself that it must be where he left it. He then waited around for another minute to let the tea cool a bit more. When it was ready, he retrieved the mug and turned to head back through the dining room to the sitting room. 
As he approached Emily sitting on the couch, he said “here’s your tea dear.”
He then set it on the small table near where she was sitting on the couch.
“Thank you,” she replied in a soft voice, but still not looking at him.
“Did you want anything else? Like something to eat?” He asked.
 ‘No, nothing to eat, just stay close for a while,” she replied in the same soft voice.
“Sure. Is it okay to sit with you on the couch?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
David then slowly sat next to her on the couch, and looked directly at her. She would not look at him, however.
“Did you want to talk about anything, dear?” he asked, trying to get her to talk. She took a sip of the tea, and set it back onto the table. After taking a deep breath, Emily continued to stare straight ahead out the front window and not at David.
“Did you get the mail today?” he asked, trying to get some type of response.
“I think it came, but I didn’t get it. It’s like they don’t want me to open a door around here,” she replied.
“So you feel like someone is keeping you from leaving the house, even to get the mail?” he asked.
She turned her head slightly towards his direction, and replied “It’s almost like there’s more than one person. They never let me rest. They taunt me when you are not around,” she answered.
“So you feel safe when I’m around?” he asked.
“Safer, but they are still here. I don’t know why you never see or hear them,” she replied.
David responded, “Well, I do hear some things, but I can usually figure out where the sounds are coming from. Like I said, this is an old house and it’ll make strange noises from time to time. You just need to try to remember that, Emily.”
Emily replied, “Okay, I’ll try to calm . . .” Something slammed to the floor from a bookshelf behind her with a loud bang. Her arms jumped, and she turned around to look behind her at the bookshelf.
“What the hell was that David?” She asked with a trembling voice.
“It looks like a book just fell off of the shelf,” he tried to say in a calm voice.
“No, something pushed that book off the shelf. It’s not going to do that on its own,” she replied in the same trembling voice, while still looking directly at the bookshelf.
He sighed, and closed his eyes for a moment.
“Dear, the books are not too balanced on that shelf. It just slid off and landed on the floor,” he added, still trying to calm her down.
“I don’t know, Dave. I just don’t know,” She responded, then took a deep breath.
“Okay, have you had enough of your tea?” he asked trying to get her to think of something else.
“Yeah, I guess I’m done,” she replied as she was starting to look away from the bookshelf.
“Let’s go up to bed, dear,” he suggested.
She sighed then looked at him.
“Okay, let’s go, but go slow. I’m still sore from something,” she said.
“Where does it hurt?” David asked.
“All over,” she replied.
“Okay, we will take it slow,” David said as he started to stand up then Emily soon stood up. They both went toward the main entryway and to the staircase to the second floor. Emily stopped at the bottom of the stairway and turned toward the doorway to the sitting room.
“Did you hear that? It sounded like someone softly laughing,” She said with her voice trembling again. He gently placed his hand behind her back, and pushed it slightly toward the stairs.
“Let’s keep going up to bed, dear,” he said, trying to get her to focus on going to bed, not on every sound she heard.
“But, I heard . . .” She started.
“Let’s keep going upstairs,” he recommended, continuing to gently guide her with his arm to toward the stairs. Emily took a deep breath and exhaled.
“Fine, let’s go up,” she agreed, with some annoyance in her voice.
“Thank you,” he said calmly as he guided her slowly up the stairway.
Emily did glance back toward the doorway to the sitting room twice on the stairs going up to the second floor.

Later that night, David was awakened by a sound. Opening his eyes and looking over to the left, he could see that Emily was sitting up in the bed again. 
He sighed, and suggested “dear, you really need to try to get some sleep.”
“Shhh . . .,” she quietly said to him.
“What are you listening for?” he asked.
“I heard someone just outside the bedroom door,” she answered quietly.
David sighed again, and then said “dear, there’s no one out in the hallway. It’s just normal house noises. Please try to go back to bed.”
“I can’t sleep. I worry what they might do to me if I sleep,” she relied.
“Listen, there’s nobody that will hurt you if you go to sleep. So please try,” David requested.
“Maybe I could sleep if you would stay awake and watch for them,” she offered.
“Well okay, I’ll stay awake for a while and make sure no monsters try to creep into the room,” he replied with a touch of sarcasm. 
“This is serious, Dave. I really think something is in the hallway,” she replied.
“Okay, okay. Just try to get some sleep, and I’ll stay up for a while to watch and listen for anything that may happen,” he agreed.
“Thank you, dear,” she said.
You’re welcome. Now just try to get some sleep,” he suggested.
She lowered her head back onto the pillow, turned her head away from him, and took a deep breath. David adjusted his pillow to allow him to sit in the bed to watch and listen for a while in order to allow Emily to get some rest.

A few minutes passed, and David’s eyes were beginning to get heavy and mostly closed. A somewhat loud creak could be heard through the bedroom door as if it originated in the hallway. He was a bit startled, so he fully opened his eyes and looked toward the bedroom door. Emily was still asleep. There was another creak coming from about the same place. It sounded like footsteps on the floor boards in the hallway just outside the bedroom door. A little puzzled, David decided to investigate. He carefully used his hands to slowly pull the covers aside enough to begin quietly lowering his legs to the floor. Once on the floor, he slowly stood up.
He looked back toward Emily and saw that she was still asleep. Turning his head back in the direction of the door, he began slowly walking toward the door. Creaks came from his own footsteps as he slowly proceeded across the bedroom to the door. About halfway to the door he looked back, and he could see that Emily was still asleep. Relieved, he kept walking toward the door.
Once he reached it, he carefully pulled the door open. With only some ambient light from the night sky filtering through the front window, the hallway was dimly lit and quiet. He looked both left and right, and could not see any strange shadows or anything resembling a person on the upper hallway or the part of the stairway that he could see in the low light. He then reached over to the wall, and turned on the hallway lights. With it now illuminated, he looked around again, but could not see anything out of the ordinary or that gave him any idea what the source of the footstep sounds came from. He held his breath for a few seconds, and then exhaled. 
Were these sounds going to start affecting him too, he wondered. For some reason, knowing that the house could make many strange sounds was not enough for him to fully understand what he just heard. To him it did sound as if someone was in the hallway. He was still very tired. After taking a deep breath, he reached over, and turned off the hallway light.
He then stepped back inside of the bedroom, and slowly closed the door since he was still trying to be quiet. With the door shut, he gently walked back to the bed. Emily was still asleep. He slowly got back into bed then pulled the covers over himself. Ready to try to sleep himself, he laid his head back onto the pillow. In a few minutes, David was asleep.

As he scanned through some of the morning figures on his computer, David reached for his coffee cup and realized it was empty. He wanted more coffee, since he was still tired from the lack of sleep. After getting up from the chair, he walked down the hallway to the small kitchenette with the coffee machine. He set the cup on the counter, and then reached into his pocket for some change to put into the jar on the counter.
“Good morning again Dave,” Stephanie said as she came by the break area with her own coffee cup in hand.
“How are you doing so far this morning Stephanie?” David asked looking back at her just after putting the money in the jar.
She was wearing a light blue blouse and black slacks. Her long brown hair flowed over her shoulders.
“Well, I’ve been fine this morning. Things slowed up at the windows now, so I thought I would grab another cup of coffee before reconciling my transactions. As usual I want to stay on top of things before the lunch rush,” she answered, moving closer to the counter.
“Sounds like a good plan. Let me know if things get busy, and I can help at a window for a while too,” he offered, retrieving his cup then reaching for the pot of coffee.
“Okay I can let you know, but how are you doing this morning? You look a little tired,” she asked, dropping her change into the jar.
David turned to look at Stephanie, took a deep breath, and replied “I’m really tired unfortunately. Just not getting enough sleep with Emily being the way she is.”
David looked back toward the coffee maker, and poured the coffee into his cup.
“So she isn’t getting any better Dave?” she asked.
David shook his head, and replied “no, I think she’s actually getting worse. I still can’t get her to go to a doctor, specialist or anyone. Even the outbursts are getting worse now too.”
“Oh, can I pour you a cup?” he asked motioning with the carafe still in his hand.
“Sure,” she replied, moving her cup closer to him.
“So she is still seeing things and not eating?” she asked as David started to fill her cup.
“Yeah, that hasn’t changed. Her attitude seems very poor and bitter. She can’t sleep, which means I can’t either,” he replied, after filling her cup. 
“Thank you Dave,” she said, looking at her cup for a moment.
“That has got to be very rough for you Dave. I’m so sorry that you have to deal with this,” she commented.
David looked at his cup for a moment then said “it’s just not like her to do any of this. I just don’t understand what’s going on. She just isn’t the same Emily I married.”
“Well I suppose things like that can happen, but I know it doesn’t make it any easier on her or on you,” she said.
“It does help to talk about it a little, I suppose,” he commented.
“I am concerned for you Dave. Do you think that tea I gave you a few months ago for her to try is helping any?” she asked.
“I prepare it for her, and she’s been drinking the tea every night. Not sure how much she likes it, but it’s one of the few things she actually drinks lately. I think it may be helping at least while she is drinking it, but like I said she is getting worse even with the tea,” David replied, looking down at his coffee cup once again.
“Well I’m glad it’s helping at least a little bit Dave,” Stephanie said, placing her hand on lightly his right shoulder.
“Thanks again for giving me some of that tea for her. I just feel helpless with most of the other things though,” he commented looking back toward Stephanie.
“I know you are trying Dave, but you know you can only help someone if they want to be helped,” she said as she looked into his eyes.
He dropped his eyes toward his cup again, took a deep breath then said “yeah I know that, but it’s just so hard seeing someone you love not ready to get help.”
With her hand still on his shoulder she said “well you can still take care of yourself. I’m here if you need someone to talk to Dave.”
As he looked back into her eyes he replied “you have helped me Stephanie. I do appreciate it.”
“Thank you Dave,” she responded with a smile.
“Thank you for your understanding, and your time Stephanie,” he commented.
He smiled at her then turned to place the carafe back onto the burner.
“Well I’d better get back to the window, but just let me know if you need to talk later, okay Dave?” she asked continuing smiling at him.
She slowly removed her hand from his shoulder.
“Okay, I should be okay for now at least. Thanks for listening to me for a while,” he said as they both started toward the hallway.
“I’ll see you later Dave,” she said, then turned to head back to the teller window, and he turned toward his cubical down the hallway.
“Take care, Stephanie,” he said as he continued down the hallway.
Daniel Roper was walking toward him in the hallway.
“Hey Dave, you look a bit tired this morning. Rough night or something?” Daniel asked as they both stopped to talk in the hallway.
“Yeah, Dan my wife Emily was up several times last night. It’s been hard for either of us to get any sleep you know,” he replied looking at Daniel.
“That’s too bad Dave. I was hoping that Emily would be getting better by now. Sorry to hear that she really hasn’t though,” Daniel offered.
“Just not much I can do unfortunately,” David said as he started turning back down the hallway.
“Well, let me know if there’s anything I can help with Dave. Like if you need some time off or something like that,” Daniel said starting to turn the opposite direction.
“Will do Dan, thanks,” David replied as he continued to his cubical.
After approaching his cubical, David sipped his coffee then set the cup next to the computer, and sat in the chair. He stared unfocused at the computer screen for a moment. After a long deep breath, he closed his eyes for a moment then reopened them. One more deep breath helped him focus his eyes on the screen once again as he started to review the morning figures again.



III

David pulled into the driveway after work, and drove into the detached garage. For once he was able to leave the bank a little early. He shut it off and stepped out of the car.
He looked at Emily’s car parked next to his in the garage. After noticing a layer of dust on top of it, he sighed. She had not used the car much at all since she had been in the house. He took a slow deep breath, and turned to exit the garage. After closing the garage door, he proceeded to the back of the house.
As he approached the back door, his pace slowed. He wondered what Emily would be like that evening. He went up the wooden stairs to the back door. After opening the screen door, he tried the back door. It was locked again. He fumbled for his keys. After finding the key, he unlocked the door, and walked into the back hallway.
No one was in the kitchen. Once he had closed the back door behind him, he stopped and listened for a moment. He could hear the muffled sound of Emily talking in another room. It sounded like she was having a conversation with someone, but he could not hear anyone else’s voice. Maybe she was on the phone, but then again, she never called anyone. He slowly moved past the basement door and toward the front of the house down the main hallway along the second floor stairs. He realized she was in the living room. For some reason, she had not acknowledged him arriving home. After pausing close to the entrance to the living room, he listened to what she was saying.
“Yes,” Emily says slowly.
David peered around the corner of the living room entrance to get a glimpse of what Emily was doing. She was standing alone in the middle of the living room, still in her nightgown, and with her arms at her sides and facing the opposite wall. There was no phone in her hand.
“I think I’m beginning to understand what I need to do,” she said facing the fireplace.
She remained motionless staring at the wall as if she was listening to someone. David was very confused at what he was seeing and hearing. Was she hearing voices?
Frustrated with not knowing what she was doing, he opened his mouth and asked “Emily, what are you trying to understand?”
She was very startled, and her body lurched as she turned toward him. Here eyes had the look of shock on them as she saw him standing in the entrance to the living room.
“David!” she managed to say with her voice quivering.
Her face suddenly went very pale, her eyes rolled upwards, and she began to faint. With her legs becoming unstable, her knees buckled, and she began falling forward. David’s eyes widened in horror once he realized that the solid oak coffee table was in the path of her fall.
“No!” he screamed, and he lunged forward in a futile effort to stop her from falling. Emily’s chin hit near the edge of the table with the awful sound of a bone snapping as her neck was bent sharply backward from the force of hitting the table. Her body hit the floor and did not move. Somehow her head was facing upwards after her body came to rest. He reached her lifeless body soon after it hit the floor. David’s heart was racing as he clutched her sides, her eyes wide open, but non-responsive.
“Emily! Oh my god, Emily! Someone help! Please help!” he said frantically, and with tears already streaming down his face.
Something was rattling near by. The sound was then followed by a short noise of something being metal dragged across wood. A loud clang startled David, causing him to look away from Emily’s body toward the fireplace. One of the two brass candlesticks had fallen from the fireplace mantel, and was rolling side to side on the wooden floor. It slowly came to rest. It was now about four feet away from the fireplace, and the candle was separated from it. David stared at the candlestick for a moment, then returned his gaze back to Emily.



IV

While carrying a large vase of flowers, David pulled the back door open, and walked inside the back hallway. Still holding the vase with both hands, he stared into the arranged flowers and the attached note. His focus drifted off. He closed his eyes, drew in a deep breath, and held it for several seconds. He then slowly opened his eyes, and he looked around for somewhere to place the flowers. He decided to place them on a table in the foyer near the stairway landing.
He slowly walked down the hallway toward the front door. After setting the vase down onto the small table, he stepped back, and continued to stare at the flowers. He tried to shake off the events of the past few days the best he could. He removed his coat, and hung it up in the closet. There was a long audible sigh before he continued toward the kitchen to get some dinner.

In the kitchen, the dishes from the past several days were cluttering the counter near the sink. David placed his dinner plate in a pile of similar dishes on the counter. He stared out of the window above the kitchen sink, but was not focused on anything in particular. The dark evening skies did not provide him much to look at outside. After he became aware that the water had been running from the kitchen faucet, he reached to turn it off. Realizing how tired he was, he took a deep breath, and decided to try to get some sleep.
Turning away from the sink, David walked toward the hallway toward the stairs. Once he reached the landing, he made his way to the second floor. As he was walking past the railing overlooking the stairway, he heard a creaking sound emanating from the floor below him. Puzzled, he stopped for a moment, moved to the railing, and peered down toward the foyer below him.
After waiting a minute and not hearing any similar sounds, he decided to proceed to the bedroom. As he passed through the doorway to the bedroom, he heard the same creaking sound again. This time he was not worried about it. So he closed the door behind him, and turned toward his dresser in order to get ready for bed.

A few minutes later, after David had changed into his nightclothes, and completed a few things in the bathroom, he climbed into the bed. He still was sleeping on the same side as he had before Emily died. The other side of the bed remained empty. Covering himself with the blankets, he laid his head on the pillow. He turned his head to his left and looked toward the empty spot next to him in the bed. After a long sigh, he closed his eyes, and turned his head toward the ceiling. Since he was quite tired, it did not take long for him to fall asleep. 

Something subtly warm could be felt on his left side as he slowly awoke. He was comforted only for a moment, until he remembered that Emily was no longer alive. His body struggled to awaken from the semi-sleep state. The warmth was no longer there. In fact, it started to feel a bit cool. The temperature felt like it was still dropping. Finally he was able to control the movement of his head enough to move it side to side a few times, after which he was able to open his eyes. He lifted his head up off the pillow, turned to his left, and raised his head to see what was next to him in the bed. The covers to his left looked undisturbed with no sign that anyone had been there recently. He reached his right arm over to feel his left forearm. David was puzzled since it did feel slightly cool.
He tried to understand what had just happened. Was it just his imagination, a weird dream, or could there be something else going on in the house. He knew that his mental state could definitely be causing him to be imagining things. Even so, he still was not convinced that it was all in his mind.
He closed his eyes for a moment, and took a deep breath. Maybe if he could relax and not worry so much, this type of thing would go away. It had to be the stress of the past few days that was causing him to hallucinate, he thought to himself. He slowly exhaled, ready to try to sleep again. After opening his eyes again, shifted his body to rest again. He rested his head on the pillow and closed his eyes. Still quite tired, he managed to drift off to sleep within a few minutes.

“David,” a female voice said from somewhere in the room as lay asleep in the bed.
He only became slightly aware of the sound.
“David,” the same voice repeated.
This time he heard the sound a little clearer and realized it was his name, and from a familiar female voice. It started to sink in that the voice sounded like Emily’s. He was alert, but not able to open his eyes for some reason. After listening intently for the voice again for at least half a minute, David decided to open his eyes slowly. Only the night light illuminated the room. He slowly lifted his head to look toward his right. All he could see were the walls, the dresser along the wall, and other normal items in the room. Nothing was moving. No one was there. Was he just imagining it again? He shook his head to himself, lowered his head onto the pillow, and closed his eyes to return to sleep once again.

A loud thud startled David awake. As he opened his eyes and sat up in bed, he could see the morning light was coming through the bedroom windows. It appeared to be gray overcast skies outside the windows. He was breathing slightly heavy from the shock of being awakened so quickly. He looked around, but did not see anyone in the room. What made that sound? Initially, he did not see anything out of place. Then something caught his eye on the floor. Looking closer he could tell it was a book. Puzzled, he looked above it to see where it may have come from. The bookcase was about three feet away from the book that was on the floor. Since both he and Emily had many books from college and for general reading, the books filled the shelves without much room to spare. One open space large enough for the book on the floor was on the shelf second from the top.
“How could that have fallen?” David said to himself as he pondered how the book got to the particular position on the floor.
He pulled back the covers and exited the bed as he continued to stare at the bookshelf and the book on the floor. After standing up, he began walking toward the book. When he was near it, he bent down and picked it up. It was just Emily’s old college chemistry book that was about two inches thick.
“Okay, is someone trying to tell me this book isn’t needed this anymore?” he asked aloud.
He raised it up toward the open space on the second shelf from the top, and started to slide the book back into place. It took more force to push the book in than he was expecting. Curious, he tried pulling it back out again. The first time, his hand pulled away from the book. With the second try, he was able to remove it. As David held the book in his hand, he took a deep breath. He did not understand how the book managed to land on the floor. He then lifted the book back up to the shelf, and pushed it all of the way back into the same spot. After stepping back for a moment and staring at the book on the shelf, he decided that he was ready to get something to eat.
As he left to go down to the kitchen, he turned toward the bedroom door and stopped. The bedroom door was open. He thought he had shut it before he went to bed. Was he tired enough last night that he forgot to shut the door? He could not remember. He shook his head to himself and started toward the doorway. After leaving the door open, he traveled down the hallway to the top of the stairs. As he began heading down the stairs, and he glanced back at the bedroom door just in time to see the last bit of light through the crack before it shut with a thud. He froze in place on the stairs. A second thud could be heard from within the bedroom. His jaw opened as he began trembling.
Keeping his eyes focused on the door, he slowly backed up the stairs to the second floor again. Not sure what he would find, he slowly continued past the bathroom down the hallway back to the bedroom. What could have shut the door? Could it have been wind? Maybe a window was partially open.
He could see the door was fully shut. Slowly reaching his hand toward the door knob, he tried to prepare himself for whatever could be in the bedroom. A few moments later, he opened the door, and pushed it inward. The room came into view. It looked just like it had a few moments earlier. No one was in the room, as far as he could see.
He walked over to the front window. He used his hand to check the latch for the double hung window. It was tight. He then walked to the side window. It too was shut, and would not have let any wind into the room to shut the door. Still trembling from being unnerved by the door shutting, he brought a hand to his mouth. Not knowing what happened with the door was bothering him. He looked at the door for a moment then slowly turned his head to begin looking at everything else in the room. As his eyes panned across the bookcase, he noticed an empty spot where he had just returned the chemistry book. Looking down to the floor, the book was in a similar spot to where it was the first time.
“What’s going on here?” he asked aloud. There was no response.
He glanced at his hands. Both were still trembling. Wanting to just get out of the room quickly, he walked over to the book and picked it up. He then placed it in the empty space on the bookshelf. Turning around toward the door, David began walking toward the doorway again. As he went through it, he pulled the door shut behind him, not wanting to see if it would close by itself again.
He then walked down the hallway along the railing over the stairway toward the top of the stairs. As he reached the top of the stairs, he paused for a moment to stare back toward the bedroom door. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that it was still closed. He then looked down toward the bottom of the stairway and began making his way down the steps to the foyer.
When he reached the landing, he head through the sitting room toward the kitchen. When he walked into the kitchen, he noticed one of the cabinet doors above the counter was open. Not remembering if he left it open, he paused a moment, and stared at it. Since he did not need anything in the cabinet, he closed it.
He then moved to the next cabinet where he could find the ground coffee. After finding it, he set it on the counter. He found a measuring scoop inside the can and started pouring it into the coffee maker. He was about measure another scoop, when it hit him that he did not need to make that much coffee without Emily around. He set the scoop on the counter, and turned to stare out the window above the sink. His life was changing so much without her around. A few tears formed in his eyes as he continued to stare toward the window.
After about a minute, his gaze fell toward the sink and he took a deep breath and then exhaled. He turned back toward the coffee maker, and continued to prepare his breakfast.



V

Since it was Sunday, David stayed at home. He intended on returning to work the next day. He was hoping that getting back to work would help him take his mind off losing Emily. David bent down in the bedroom closet to look at Emily's shoes on the floor. Two at a time, he grabbed them, and dropped them into an open box resting near him on the floor. As he neared the last pair of shoes, the telephone rang. The phone was on a dresser in bedroom. He dropped the pair of shoes he was holding, and stood up. He then crossed the room for the phone on the dresser. After picking up the cordless phone, he answered it. 
“Hello,” he said. 
“Oh hello Dave, this is Stephanie. I thought I would give you a call to see how you are holding up,” Stephanie responded. 
“Hi Stephanie, thank you for calling, and for attending the funeral,” he said. 
“So how are you doing?” Stephanie asked. 
David let out a sigh and replied “well, it has been a rough few days, Stephanie. I still find myself doing things thinking that she’s still around. I know it’ll just take some time to adjust,” he responded. 
“Oh Dave, I know it has got to be very hard on you. I feel so sorry for you right now,” Stephanie said. 
“Stephanie, your thoughts are really appreciated right now,” he replied. 
“Say Dave, I did make a dinner for you for tonight. Do you think I could bring it over?” she offered. 
“Hey, that actually sounds like a good idea. I haven't been eating too well since all of this happened. Maybe a good meal is just what I need. So sure, please bring the meal over,” he replied. 
“Okay Dave, I’ll bring it over in a little while,” Stephanie said. 
“Oh, do you need my address?” he asked. 
“No, I was able to find it in the phone book, and I should be able to get there without much trouble,” she replied. 
“Well, if you have any problems, just call me from you cell phone,” he suggested. 
“Sure, I’ll do that if I need to, Dave,” she replied. 
“Okay Stephanie, I’ll see you in a few. Goodbye,” he said. 
“Goodbye, Dave. I’ll be there soon,” she said and then she hung up the phone. 
David returned the phone to the base. The wedding photo on top of the dresser near the phone caught his eye. He reached over and picked it up. Emily was smiling in the photo. Remembering when she had been much happier, his eyes welled up, and tears started to form. He did really miss her, even in her unhappy state.
After raising his hand to his eye to wipe a tear, he placed the photo back onto the dresser. He looked into the mirror over the dresser and realized he should probably change his clothes before Stephanie arrived with dinner. He then opened a dresser drawer to look at some of his shirts. 

Waiting in a chair near the front window in the sitting room, David watched as Stephanie's car pulled into the driveway. Standing up from the chair, he watched her get out of her car. She then removed some items from the front seat. She held an insulated container with something that looked like a long loaf of bread on top. Using her thigh, she shut the car door. Her long brown hair moved slightly as she walked toward the front porch.
David then walked toward the foyer and he could hear her footsteps on the wooden porch. The door creaked as it was pulled open. His eyes met with Stephanie's. They both smiled at each other. 
“Hi Stephanie, this is so nice of you to stop by with a meal,” David said. 
“Hi Dave, it's the least I can do. I made you some lasagna. What you don't eat tonight, you should be able to save for later,” she replied. 
"Wow that sounds very good, Stephanie. I can make sure I bring the pan and the covering back to you at work," he responded. 
“Oh, just take you time getting it back to me, Dave. I know you need some time,” she said. 
David sighed and said “I'm actually thinking of coming back to work tomorrow.” 
A bit surprised, Stephanie responded “are you sure you are ready to come back to work, Dave?”
“Well, I may not be, but I know I need to get out. Just being around here all the time gives me too much time to think,” he answered. 
“Well, I suppose that could be right. I'm sure everyone will go easy on you for a while at least,” she commented. 
“I'm sure they will, if it's anything like the support from the funeral,” he said. 
“That's true,” Stephanie agreed. 
“Well, I probably should let you eat your dinner here while it's still warm,” she said, briefly looking at the pan in her hands, then back toward David. 
David took a deep breath and then exhaled. After looking down at the ground for a moment, he asked “you know I could use some company if you are not busy for a while. I just have been alone in the house since the funeral, and I just need someone to talk to. We could share the dinner you made. Again, if you are free now.”
After a few seconds, Stephanie looked to the side, then back at David with a smile and replied “sure, I can stay a while, and I haven't made anything for myself for tonight yet either.”
He stood aside to allow her to enter the foyer. She then started moving toward the doorway. 
Once in the foyer, David offered "here I can take the pan of lasagna and bread." 
“Oh thank you, Dave. That would be nice of you,” she replied, moving the pan toward David. 
After he closed the front door, he took the pan items from her. She looked at the vase on the small table near the stairway landing. 
“Those flowers are so nice. It's a shame that it had to be something like this for you to get them,” she comments. 
“Yeah, the others I left at the funeral home, but this was the one from everyone at the bank. I just needed something around here to help brighten me a bit,” he said. 
“Glad it helped at least a little,” she said. 
“Well, you can follow me into the kitchen, and we can get this dinner ready,” he suggested. 
“Okay, just lead the way,” she agreed. 
As he carried the pan, he went through the other rooms on his way to the kitchen, with Stephanie following behind him. He walked to the counter, and set the pan and the loaf on it. 
“Okay, first let me remove the pan from the cover, and then we can start getting things ready,” he suggested. 
“Just let me know how I can help,” she offered. 
“Thanks, Stephanie,” he replied as he began unzipping the cover from the pan holder. 
Once the cover was off, David could smell the still warm lasagna in the pan. 
“Mmm, that sure smells very good, Stephanie. This will be a treat compared to the stuff I have been eating the past few days,” he complimented. 
“Again, it's the least I could do for you, Dave,” she replied smiling at him.
“Thanks, Stephanie. Okay, let me find the plates, a basket for the bread, silverware and . . . something to dish up the lasagna,” he said, trying to think ahead. 
“Can I find something to drink?” she asked. 
David paused for a moment while looking at a drawer he had opened for the silverware. 
“Would you like some wine? I sure could use a drink,” he asked. 
“Are you sure you are ready for that, Dave?” she replied. 
He sighed and said “yes, Stephanie, I am. I can use it right now.”
"Well okay, where do you keep the wine?" she asked. 
“Oh, it's on the top shelf of that bottom cabinet right there,” he answered pointing at a lower cabinet near the sink. 
“I'll pick something out,” Stephanie offered as she began walking across the kitchen.
She opened the door then looked inside for a bottle to drink with dinner. David continued gathering the silverware and plates. He then dished the lasagna onto the two plates he had on the counter. Stephanie moved up to his side and showed him the bottle of wine she had chosen. He looked at the label and nodded in agreement. 
“That's a good choice, Stephanie. The wine glasses are in the cabinet above the counter and just above the one with the wine,” he replied. 
“Okay, I'll get the glasses,” she offered. 
“I'll see if I can find the corkscrew. I know it's around here somewhere,” he said while he finished dishing up the lasagna onto the plates. 
David opened a nearby drawer, and bent his head down slightly to get a better view of the contents. After moving some of the contents of the drawer around, he located the corkscrew. He grabbed it, and lifted his head upward. 
“Ow!” he exclaimed as his head bumped into the bottom of an open upper cabinet door. 
“How the hell did that get opened?” he asked as he began rubbing the top of his head with his hand. 
“What happened, Dave?” Stephanie asks as she stood up, and hurried over to his side. 
“Somehow that door opened, and I managed to slam my head into it,” he responded, still rubbing his head. 
“I don't remember either of us opening that for anything,” she commented. 
“Yeah, I don't either. Strange, huh?” he replied. 
“Can I check your head to see how bad it is?” she offered. 
“Here, you can look at it if you would like,” he replied, lowering his head. 
She raised her hands upwards, and ran a few of her fingers gently across the middle of his head. He was a little startled by the touch, but did not react outwardly to it. 
“I feel a small bump starting, but hopefully it’ll be okay. Do you want me to find some ice?” she offered. 
“No, I should be okay. But thanks for offering,” he replied. 
“I know you likely won't go to the doctor for it either,” she replied with a smile. 
He smiled back and said "yeah I know typical guy reaction." 
“Yep, it is,” she replied with a light chuckle afterwards. 
“Okay, let's finish getting dinner ready. I'm been hungry for a while now,” he suggested. 
“Sure, I'll go back, and find the wine glasses,” she replied. 
“And I'll finish up over here as well,” he said, reaching up to close the open cabinet door. 

David and Stephanie sat across from each other at the round table in the dining room. They were both finishing their meals.
“I just don’t know what happened to Emily that evening,” David said as he stopped eating for a moment.
“Are you ready to talk about it, Dave? I mean, you don’t need to tell me at all, but if you want to talk about it, I can listen,” Stephanie offered.
David looked down at his plate then looked out the window, then replied “It was all very strange. I got home from work like I normally do. Although it was a little earlier than I get home most evenings. I came in through the back door, and for some reason she did not hear me come in, I guess.”
“Was she upstairs or something?” She asked
“No she was in the living room, which is on the other side of the foyer,” he stated gesturing his hand toward the direction of the living room.
“I could hear her talking from the back of the house. I thought she may have been on the phone or something, but when I got to the room, I saw that she did not have a phone, and no one was in the room,” he continued with Stephanie listening intently.
“I mean, I have heard her talking a few times to herself, but not quite like this. It was like she was actually having a conversation with someone. Only the other person wasn’t there,” he described.
“Wow Dave that does sound weird. What do you think was causing her to do that?” she asked.
“Well, honestly she seemed to have some problems after we moved into this house. I guess she would hear voices and was kind of paranoid about something in here. The past month or so she got much worse. It seemed like her health had started to get bad as well. Of course I could not get her to see a doctor or psychologist,” he replied.
“I remember you mentioning that you wanted to try to get her to calm down. That’s why I gave you that tea for her to try,” Stephanie said.
“I think that the tea may have helped some, but she did continue to hear things,” he replied.
“Did you ever hear the same sounds she was hearing?” Stephanie asked.
“No I didn’t. All I would hear would be the typical old house sounds. You know, creaking floors, the furnace, the pipes. All that type of stuff makes noise, but I never heard any voices when I have been listening,” he answers.
“So what happened after you saw her in the living room? If you want to keep going with the story,” she asked.
He sighed and said “I didn’t say anything, but I was listening to her from near the entryway trying to stay out of sight.”
“I just wanted to know what was happening. So I asked her a question regarding something she said. She must have been in some kind of weird state, because when she saw me, she just collapsed, and her head hit a coffee table and . . .” David stopped talking for a moment and turned away from looking at Stephanie. He took a deep breath and exhaled.
“There was nothing I could do, just nothing. I tried to reach her, but there was no way I could catch her in time,” he continued.
“That’s awful Dave. I’m so sorry for you. I guess you need to focus on the good times you had with her, and try to erase things like this,” She suggested.
“Well, that likely will be a while,” he said then he paused for a moment.
“My mind is not ready to let her go. I still can hear her voices sometimes when I’m partially asleep,” he continued.
“I suppose it is part of the healing process, but it definitely doesn’t sound easy,” Stephanie commented.
“No, it sure isn’t. I know it’s early, but I just feel like I don’t know what I need to do,” he said.
“Well, all I can suggest is to keep in touch with your friends, and take things one little step at a time,” she replied.
“Yeah, that does sound like a good idea, though the friend part may be kind of tough. Other than work, I don’t have too many around here. I just couldn’t get out much with Emily the way she was. Neither of us have relatives that live nearby either,” he tried to explain.
“Dave, you can consider me a friend, if you would like to,” she offered.
“You are a good friend, and I really appreciate you doing all of this for me tonight,” he commented to her.
“Well, I’m glad I could help you out at least in a small way,” she responded with a smile.
“Hey, it’s dark out. That means I better think about getting home, since I have to work tomorrow,” she noticed.
“If you need to get going, I can clean up, and I’ll bring the pan and the insulator thing to work tomorrow,” he offered.
“Oh let me at least take my dishes to the kitchen,” she replied.
“Sure lets take some of this stuff there now,” he suggested.
“Okay,” she agreed as she stood up and started to collect her dishes, silverware, and her wine glass.
She followed him into the kitchen. As he came around the corner, he stopped. The same upper cabinet was open again. They both stared at it for a moment, and then at each other.
“I don’t think I left that open, did I?” David asked Stephanie.
“No, not that I remember,” she replied.
David sighed and said “maybe the hinges let it open by itself or something.”
“But then again, I don’t remember this happening before today,” he added.
“I don’t know what could have done that,” she stated.
“Well, I’m not going to solve it now, so just place the dishes on the counter, and I’ll take care of them later,” he suggested.
“Sure Dave,” she replied while she set the dishes and other items on the counter.
“Well, let’s go to the foyer,” he suggested.
“Okay, I follow you again,” she replied.
“Alright,” he said, beginning to walk out of the kitchen and through the rooms to the foyer.
“Well thank you again, Stephanie. The meal was great, I’m quite full now,” David said, stopping to face her in front of the door.
“Dave, I’m glad that I could do something to help you,” she replied.
“Like I said, I should be back at the bank tomorrow. So I’ll see you then,” he said as he reached for the front door.
“Well, if things change, and you feel you are not ready tomorrow, I know that people will understand,” she said.
“I should be there, though. I need to get out, you know,” he replied, still holding the door.
“Okay then, I’ll see you tomorrow, Dave,” she said, looking directly at him just inside of the doorway.
David paused a moment, realizing he was about to be alone again in the house. His eyes looked away from Stephanie.
“Dave, are you going to be okay?” she asked concerned.
He took a deep breath and looked back at her with a somewhat sullen face and said “I’m sorry, Stephanie. I just miss Emily, and it’s hard to be alone.”
“Oh Dave, come here,” she said holding out her arms ready to embrace him.
David took a deep breath and put his arms forward to hold her. Tears welled up in his eyes as they held each other. After he closed his eyes for a moment, he took another deep breath and exhaled. With his eyes still closed, there was a loud crash nearby. They both quickly looked over, and saw that the vase with the flowers he from the funeral had crashed onto the floor and shattered into many pieces. The flowers had scattered, and the water was splashed onto the wooden floor. They were both stunned.
“Oh my god, Dave, I’m so sorry that that fell. Those flowers were so pretty,” she said with both of them still embracing, but looking at the broken vase on the floor.
David was slow to respond, but after a moment he commented “I don’t think that should have fallen. I don’t remember leaving them that near the edge of the table. So it should not have tipped over onto the floor.”
“Well maybe you can save some of the flowers at least. Do you want me to help pick up?” she offered.
“No, maybe it will be a way for me to keep busy for a while at least. I better let you get home,” he suggested.
“Okay Dave, then I’ll see you tomorrow,” Stephanie said as she let go of him, and started heading out of the front door.
They each let go of the other and he said “I’ll see you tomorrow, Stephanie.”
He watched her walk over the porch, and then he shut the front door. Turning toward the broken vase, he stared for moment, and then he asked himself, why did he hug Stephanie so soon after Emily died? Maybe it had been the wine or something. He knew that he just had been quite lonely the past few days. While still staring at the broken vase, he started thinking about what to do next. He then head toward the kitchen to find the items he needed to clean up, and something else to hold the flowers that were not damaged by the fall.


VI

Later that night, David was trying to sleep, but he was still uneasy about the hug from Stephanie. Was it too soon? She likely was just trying to be a helpful friend, and maybe he was just reading too much into it. He knew that he was still grieving, and that it would be difficult for him to see things too clearly. After he realized that he could not do much about it beyond worry about it, he just closed his eyes once again, took a deep breath and tried to relax.
He was able to calm down enough to finally drift off to sleep. The thoughts did not disappear, however. His mind recalled the time when Stephanie had called and how Emily was uneasy about her.

Later, while in a deep sleep, he could hear a scream that sounded like it was quickly approaching him in the bed. This was followed by some blunt pressure on his left side. He felt a brief sensation of falling, and then a hard surface hit the right side of his body. Jarred awake, he realized he was on the floor next to the bed. He was stunned for a moment. He had not fallen out of bed since he was a kid. Maybe he was sleeping too close to the edge. Did he dream the scream he heard and the sensation of being pushed?
As he began rolling over to get back up from the floor, he tried to figure out what had happened. Was something else going on in the house or was it just his emotional state making him imagine strange things in the house? He sat on the floor, still unclear what was going on, but tired enough that he wanted to get back into bed to try to get some sleep or at least some rest.
He then stood up, then pulled the covers back and lowered himself back into bed. This time he moved toward the center to avoid being close to the edge again. As much as he tried to relax, he had trouble getting back to sleep. After what seemed like an hour or two of insomnia, he was finally able to drift back to sleep. 

While still sleeping, David heard a whisper that he recognized as Emily’s saying “David, don’t you love me any more?” He did not open his eyes. It did sound like it came from the bedroom, though.
“You know who killed me don’t you?” whispered the voice. After hearing this David’s eyes opened toward the ceiling at first. He then turned toward the direction of the voice. Through the night light glow cast in the room, he could not see anything but the furniture in the room. Was Emily’s voice only in his mind he wondered? The room was still. Unnerved but very tired, he laid his head back down onto the pillow. A few minutes after closing his eyes, he returned to sleep.

The semi-loud buzz of the alarm clock roused David in the morning. After stretching his arms, he looked toward the alarm clock on the dresser. It read seven a.m. After a moment, he pulled aside the covers with and got out of bed. He began walking around the bed to turn off the alarm clock. When he was passing in front of the bookshelf his big toe kicked something heavy on the floor. After stumbling, he looked down at the floor. With some morning light coming through the front window, he could see he had kicked a book on the floor. He kneeled down to look at the open book more closely. Flipping the book shut for a moment to look at the cover, he confirmed that his suspicions where correct. The book was the same chemistry textbook that had been on the ground before. He had not heard it fall however. Maybe it had fallen when he was not in the room or maybe he slept through it. David was not sure. Staring at the book longer did not seem to help. He picked up the book again and stood back up. He slid the book back onto place then stared at it a few seconds longer.
Looking down toward the ground first, David look back up and continued toward the alarm clock. With the room now quiet again, he looked toward the dresser drawers to find some clothes to wear after the shower for his first day back at work.

Once dressed, David made his way down the stairs toward the foyer. Turning to his right, he continued walking through the sitting room, and the dining room to get to the kitchen. As he entered the kitchen sink to wash his hands, he stopped. The same upper cabinet door was open once again. Maybe it was not hung straight or something, he thought.
After a sigh, he reached up to close the door as he passed by on the way to the sink. He turned on the water from the faucet to wash his hands. While scrubbing his hands his eyes glazed over a bit as he stared out of the window above the sink. Was he really ready to go back to work? Being unsure still, he shook his head slightly. He knew that he did need to get out and be with people. It would not be easy, but he hoped that it would help.
After one more sigh, he shut the water off, and decided to make some coffee. He then took a few steps toward the coffee maker on the counter. Grasping the carafe, he brought it back to the sink to get the water for the coffee.

VII
 
About 8:15 a.m., David pulled his car into the employee lot behind the bank. He was not the first one there. Other cars were there as well, including Stephanie’s. After turning the car off, he stepped out of the car. His pace was slow as he started to walk toward the building.
He still was unsure of how ready he was to return to work. As he made his way toward the front door, he started passing by the plate glass windows in the front of the building. Looking inside the bank as he passed, he could see people inside at desks, at the counter, and walking around. Knowing that he needed to be strong, he reached for his set of keys in his pocket. He located the front door key, but by the time he had it just in front of the lock, someone pushed the door open from the inside. It was Daniel Roper, the branch manager.
“Morning! Here, let me get the door for you, Dave,” Daniel said to David, holding the door open for him.
“Please come in,” Daniel continued, extending his hand toward David.
“Good morning, Dan. Thanks for getting the door,” David responded as he shook Daniel’s hand.
“Oh, no problem,” Daniel replied.
As they stood just inside of the door, Daniel continued “so how have you been holding up?”
David looked down at the ground for a moment, then looked back at Daniel, and said “it has been very rough. I’m just not sure what I should be doing. I suppose I may be a bit lost, you know. 
“Well, I know everyone around here has been thinking about you a lot lately,” Daniel commented.
“I really appreciated all of the support at the funeral. It did help. I know that’s one reason I wanted to come back was to be around supportive people again. Just being around the house alone can lead to problems, I suppose,” David stated, looking around and noticing the other coworkers were listening to their conversation.
“Yeah, I know it’s probably not easy to be around others and stay positive, but it can help to keep your mind off of what happened,” Daniel replied.
“That’s why I want to give it a try, Dan,” David said as the two started moving apart to head to their offices.
“Sounds good, Dave. I’ll stop by later to see how your doing and bring you up to speed with updates from last week,” Daniel said as he stepped away from David.
“See you later this morning, Dan,” David replied turning toward the half door at the end of the teller windows.
He then opened the door, and walked toward his cubical desk along the wall of the building, adjacent to the teller windows. The items on his desk appeared to be the same as he had left them nearly a week before. After pulling the desk chair out slightly, he settled in, and moved the computer mouse to take it out of the hibernate mode. The screen slowly illuminated to the familiar bank login screen as his hands hovered over the keyboard ready to log in to the system. First he typed the ID, then was ready to type the password, but then he had to pause a moment. So much had happened in the past week that he had to think back to what password he was using before everything had happened.
After a few seconds, it came to him, and he was able to complete the login. He cringed when he thought about how many e-mails he would have to review from his time away from the office. To his surprise it was 97 new e-mails. He had been expecting at least twice that amount. Perhaps, people knew that he was out on bereavement, and tried to avoid sending him notes unless it was necessary. His was thankful of his coworkers again. Time to start reviewing the e-mails, he though to himself, as he scrolled to the first new note received since he had been out of the bank.
“Hello, Dave,” a female voice said from behind him.
He turned to see Stephanie standing behind his desk chair with a friendly smile on her face. She was wearing dark red dress which exposed her legs just below the knees. He was a bit surprised, since he usually remembered her wearing slacks. The smell of her perfume was pleasant to him and something new. She did not have the particular perfume on the night before either.
“Good morning, Stephanie. You look very nice today,” he said to her.
“Why thank you, Dave. That’s very sweet of you to say that,” she replied.
“The dinner was very nice last night as well. I really appreciated that you would do that for me. Oh, before I forget, I do have your pan and the cover in my car. You can stop by my desk around lunch, and I can get it for you,” he stated.
“Sure, I stop by then, and I’m glad that you liked the meal. Hopefully it helped to take your mind away from everything that happened for a little bit too,” Stephanie replied.
“That helped me quite a lot. It was nice not to be alone for an evening again,” he said.
“So I’m the only one that has offered to visit you or make you meals so far?” she asked.
David nodded his head and said “so far, yes.”
“Are you going to be okay for other evenings, Dave?” she asked slightly concerned.
David looked down away from her, sighed, then looked back up at her face, and said “I hadn’t thought about that much, I suppose.”
“Well, I don’t want to impose, but I would be happy to visit and make dinner again. If that’s something you would like me to do for you,” she offered looking him directly into his eyes.
David kept his head in the same position, but shifted his eyes slightly as he thought about her offer. After a few moments he looked back into her eyes.
“Stephanie, it would be great if you could come over sometime again. Obviously, I do not want to take too much of your time, but I would appreciate the company again. The food you make will be better than the stuff I scrounge up at night as well,” David replied.
“Did you want to have me bring over dinner again tomorrow?” she offered.
“Sure Stephanie that’ll work for me. My evenings are likely going to be free for a while now,” he replied.
“Let’s see, I’ll need some time to make the dinner after work. How about I come over around seven, would that be okay?” she asked.
“Wonderful Stephanie, I’ll see you tomorrow at seven!” he replied smiling at her.
“See you then, Dave,” she responded returning the smile as she started to turn around. He found himself watching her as she walked back toward her teller window. The dark red dress and her brown hair, which was slightly bouncing as she walked, were captivating to him. When she reached the teller window, he turned his chair back toward his computer screen.
Before continuing to read his new e-mail messages, he stared blankly for a moment as he wondered if he really was ready to have Stephanie over again. He did want the company, but he just was not sure if having a woman over again this soon after Emily’s death was the right thing to do. He sighed to himself, since he did not want to cancel the plans with Stephanie. She was being very nice. Finally he thought that it will be fine. No problems the first time she was over, so tomorrow will be okay as well. Looking back up at the computer screen, he again focused on the first new e-mail, and began reading it. After the first e-mail, he then read the others to see what happened while he had been gone.


VIII

Clouds obscured the direct sun as it was beginning to set. David pulled his car into the driveway of his house after his second day back at work. He looked briefly toward the house as his car passed the sidewalk and continued toward the garage behind the house. Something caught his eye. There was some movement in the master bedroom window. Whatever was there quickly retreated away from the window. Since his eyes were not focused on the window before it happened, he was not sure if it was a reflection of something outside or if something was indeed in the master bedroom.
Curious, he decided to check out the bedroom once he got in the house. After parking the car in the garage and closing the garage door, he proceeded toward the back door. Once inside, he decided to head upstairs to the bedroom to see if he could determine what possible explanation there was for the movement in the window. While there, he could also change into something more casual since Stephanie was coming over again. He followed the hallway from the back door to the staircase then proceeded up the stairs. The steps creaked beneath his feet as he made his way to the second floor.
When he reached the closed bedroom door, he pushed the door inward as he slowly entered the room. The room seemed a little cool to him. He looked and listened for anything out of the ordinary in the room. He did not see any strange shadows as he turned his body around to examine everything in the room.
At that point, he was not sure what he had seen in the window. As he walked around the bed toward the dresser, he could see the chemistry book was on the floor again in a similar location to the other times. It was open about halfway through the book again as well. Bending down, he shut the book, and then picked it up. Not wanting to worry about it at that moment, he returned the book to the usual spot in the bookcase. As he stood in front of the mirror over the dresser, he began loosening his tie. Next he thought of what shirt to wear.

After selecting some casual clothes, David headed back down stairs to get things ready in the kitchen. As he entered it, the same upper cabinet door was open again as he rounded the corner. His pace slowed from the sight, but he did not stop. He shut the cabinet as he proceeded to the sink to wash his hands. He then started opening some of the cabinets to find the different items in preparation for the meal.

After getting out the dishes and setting the dining table, he decided to wait for Stephanie to arrive in the sitting room again. At that time, He had about ten more minutes to wait before seven. Walking to the chair near the front window, which he could see if anyone was coming, he lowered himself into the chair and gazed out of the front window.
Having a moment to himself again, his thoughts recalled the voice, which sounded like Emily, that he had heard while sleeping the night before. Like the other night, he heard questions like “don’t you love me?” and “did you try to kill me?” He had not been able to wake up to see if the voices were only a part of some strange dream or not. Maybe it was just his mind’s way of questioning whether he was ready to have Stephanie alone with him in the house. There could have also been some guilt that he could have prevented Emily from dying. He did really enjoy Stephanie’s company however. David found himself looking forward to seeing Stephanie. As he anticipated her arrival, he was aware that his attitude was not as negative and not focused so much on the loss of Emily. Though not anywhere ready to let go, the new attention from Stephanie was helping him. 
As he continued to wait for Stephanie, the table top clock in the room chimed seven times. It should not be much longer, he thought to himself. A prolonged deep creaking sound emanated from the second floor above him. It was followed by similar creaking sounds, as if someone were walking slowly across the floor somewhere upstairs. He stared upwards toward the ceiling, trying to determine where the sounds were coming from.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see a car pulling into the driveway. Shifting his focus back out of the front window, he could see that it was Stephanie's car. It came to a stop, and soon she was stepping out onto the driveway, she reached back inside to retrieve her purse. After she slung the purse over her shoulder, she walked to the other side of the car. He could see that she was wearing a light blue dress, which was different than the one she had worn to work that day. She retrieved something from the passenger seat. She stood up carrying the same pan carrier she had used before with a filled plastic grocery bag on top of it. After using her thigh to close the car door, she started walking up the driveway toward the front porch.
David stood up from the chair, and walked toward the foyer. As he reached for the front door, he could hear her footsteps walking across the wooden porch toward the door. He opened it just in time to see Stephanie right in front of the door. She was smiling as their eyes met.
“Oh thank you, Dave. I wasn't sure how I would ring the doorbell with my hands full,” Stephanie said continued to look directly at him with a smile.
“Please come in, Stephanie,” David offered, stepping back slightly to allow room for her to pass through the doorway.
“Thank you, I will Dave,” she replied as she began walking into the foyer. 
As she came closer to him, he smelled that she was wearing the same perfume as she had Monday at work. The smell was pleasing to him again.
“Oh, let me take these for you,” he offered as he extended his hands toward the carrier and plastic bag in her hands.
“That would be nice, Dave,” she replied, extending the pan toward his awaiting hands.
“Got it,” he said, after getting a hold of the packages.
Stephanie then removed her purse from her shoulder and placed it on the small table near the stairway landing.
“To the kitchen again?” she asked.
“Yep, you can follow me if you would like,” he offered.
“Lead the way, Dave,” she said as he started toward the sitting room.
She walked behind him as they walked past the sitting room and then the dining room. As they entered the kitchen, he walked toward the counter.
“Oh damn it. Not again,” he said, noticing the upper cabinet door was open.
“Is that thing still opening up on its own once in a while?” Stephanie asked.
“Yeah, I don't know if the hinges are messed up or what's going on,” he replied while setting the pan carrier on the counter near the open cabinet.
“Just watch your head around it. I don't want to see you bump it again,” she commented.
“Oh, I definitely don't want to do that again,” he said while he reached up to close the cabinet door.
“My head is still a little sensitive from hitting the door the last time,” he added.
“Oh I'm sorry to hear that. I'll try to warn you if you get near the door again,” she offered.
“I'll try to stay clear myself too,” he said.
“So what did you make for tonight,” David asked, reaching for the bag on top of the pan.
“Let's see, I have some baked chicken in a sauce with some veggies in the pan and some salad fixings in the bag," she replied.
“Oh that sounds good. Did you need some salad dressing? There are a few different types in the refrigerator,” he offered as he began to open the pan carrier.
“Well I did put a bottle of some vinaigrette in the bag, but if you want something else, you can use your own too,” she replied.
“I might just try the one you brought. I'll have to see which sounds better in a few minutes when I have to choose,” he said while flipping the cover back from the pan.
He looked at the baked chicken, which was still steaming.
“Wow, this looks and smells very good, Stephanie. I can't wait to try it,” he said.
“Well, I hope you like it, Dave,” she replied.
“Oh, I did put the dishes and silverware onto the dining table earlier. So we should just need to get the salad ready and put this pan onto the table,” he said.
“Well, if you can find a large salad bowl and some smaller ones to eat from, I’ll get the salad going,” she offered.
“Sure, let me find that for you. I'll find some hot pads to move the chicken to the table. The serving spoon is already on the table,” he replied as he started heading for one of the upper cabinets to look for the salad bowls.
“Thank you,” she replied while waiting for the bowls.
“Oh, did you want some wine again?” he asked looking into one of the cabinets.
“Yep, I'll look for a bottle while you find the bowls,” she offered as she walked toward the cabinet she remembered seeing the wine before.

Stephanie placed her fork on her plate and then pulled her napkin from her lap.
“Dave, I need to excuse myself for a moment. I forgot to go before I left my condo,” she said.
“Sure Stephanie, but the only bathroom in this house is upstairs. It's an old house that never had one down here for some reason,” He replied.
“Oh I know where it is,” she said as she started pushing out her chair and started to stand up.
Puzzled, David slowly asked “You know where the bathroom is upstairs?”
“That's right. I probably never told you, but I grew up in this house. My parents and I lived in the house years ago. So I'm quite familiar where things are in the house,” she replied standing by her chair realizing she may need to explain things a bit more.
“Oh wow. I never knew who had this house before we bought it. We bought it from a builder who had fixed it up. I guess it had been abandoned for a few years,” he replied surprised by the information.
“Yeah, my parents were older, and my dad died first. After my mother died, the house was in legal limbo from issues related to the will. I remember hearing that things dragged on for more than a year before an uncle got it and sold it,” she added.
“With you being the only child, shouldn’t you have been given the house?” he asked.
“Well, like I said there were some legal issues and maybe I was just to young to understand, but the uncle got it somehow. I did get some money out of it at least,” she answered.
“I'm surprised with this, Stephanie. This is very interesting that you had lived here before,” he commented.
“Well, I did have nice memories of the house as a kid. So it is nice to see it again,” she said as she shifted from one leg to another.
“Oh, I'm sorry. Please head upstairs, dear,” he said before he realized that he was thinking he was still talking with Emily with the last word.
She smiled and he began blushing slightly.
“I'm sorry Stephanie. I got caught up with what I was saying with the dear,” he said a little sheepishly.
“Oh that's okay, Dave. I know your mind can get confused, since it’s still very early for you after losing her,” she replied trying to reassure him.
“Yeah, I know. I do seem to get confused sometimes. Thank you,” he replied.
“Okay, I'll be back in a few minutes,” she said as she turned toward the opening for the sitting room to head upstairs.
“Sure,” he responded as he watched her leave the room to head upstairs.
He was still feeling embarrassed for calling Stephanie dear. After a deep exhale, he realized he was starting to feel comfortable with her. Maybe that was why he slipped. Even so, he knew he wanted to take things slow with it being so soon after losing Emily. He used the knife to cut the last piece of chicken left on his plate. After placing it in his mouth and savoring the flavor, he inhaled deeply. Once he finished chewing, he reached for the wine glass to take another sip. As he tipped the glass into his mouth he could hear Stephanie screaming loudly from upstairs.
“Damn!” he said aloud as he put down the glass and stood up from the chair.
He quickly walked through the opening to the sitting room and into the foyer. After grasping the baluster, he started running up the stairs two steps at a time.
“I'm coming up, Stephanie!” he yelled as he continued up the steps.
"Please hurry, Dave!” She said from behind a closed door. The door of the bathroom opened as he reached the top of the stairs. Stephanie had a very frightened look on her face as she rushed toward David. She opened her arms and clutched him tight when they met just beyond the top of the stairs. Her head was buried into his shoulder, and he could feel her warm heavy breath against his neck. He slowly put his hands on her back as she continued to hold him tight.
“Are you okay, Stephanie?” he asked in a whisper, trying to help her calm down.
“Not yet,” she said slowly between her deep breaths.
“Let me calm down for a moment,” she continued again between breaths.
“Sure, take your time, Stephanie,” he said while continuing to hold her.
The door to the bathroom was open, and the light was still on. He could not see anything different in it though. Aware of Stephanie's perfume again with her so close, he continued to hold her to get her to relax enough to explain what happened.
“Just try to relax. I'm right here. Just let me know what happened when you are ready,” he said to her.
“I'm starting to calm down slowly,” she said in a slightly more relaxed voice, but still talking into his neck.
“Take your time,” he reminded her as his hand moved up and down slightly along her back.
She inhaled deep and then exhaled. After this, she moved her head back and slightly loosened her grip around him. Able to look directly at David, Stephanie said “something struck me in there.”
“You mean something fell onto you?” he asked, looking at her with their faces only about two inches apart.
“No, no, I mean it felt like something or someone hit me in my right shoulder from behind,” she explained.
“Where did this happen?” he asked while looking into her eyes.
“Well, I was in the bathroom looking at myself in the mirror, and something that felt like a hand struck my back, near the shoulder,” she replied.
“How hard was this hit?” he asked.
“It still hurts, Dave. It could even be bruised,” she replied.
"Wow, I hope you are okay," he said concerned.
“Can you please take a look at it?” she asked as she let one hand go from him.
“If you would like me to, I can look check it out. Did you want to go back into the bathroom for some better light?” he asked.
“As long as you don't let me go, we can go back I guess,” she replied.
“Okay, I won't let go,” he said, keeping his arm around her waist.
She slowly turned toward the bathroom, and began walking with him. Once they were inside the bathroom she turned her back toward him.
“Can you unzip me?” she asked.
David was slightly unnerved with what he was asked to do, but wanted to help her out.
“Okay,” he replied as he reached his hand toward the small zipper tab near the neckline of her dress.
He found himself shaking slightly as he grasped the zipper and slowly pulled it down until the end near the middle of her back.
“Thanks, Dave,” she said, reaching up with her hand and pulled the left shoulder of the dress down onto her upper arm.
His heart began beating a bit quicker as the black bra strap was exposed along with a portion of the bra itself below it. She then completely pulled her right arm out of the dress to allow David to see her shoulder.
“Do you see anything?” she asked with her back still facing him.
Looking at her shoulder, he could see a pink area of skin at the shoulder blade. It was a few inches wide, and consistent with a person striking her.
“Yes, there is a reddish spot on your shoulder,” he answered.
“Can you point out where it is?” she asked.
“Well, it's in this area right here,” he said as he pointed at her shoulder, but did not touch anything.
“Can you use your finger to circle it or something? I just want to see if it is where I think it is,” she asked, looking back over her shoulder.
“Okay, it’s this area here,” he said as he ran his fingers around the pink region on her shoulder.
“That's exactly where I was hit, and you can see the mark!” she exclaimed.
“Well, I never doubted that something happened, Stephanie,” he said.
She turned around to look at him. His eyes did lower, as he could see her right breast covered only by the black lacy bra, since that portion of the blue dress was pushed aside. He quickly looked back up into her eyes when he realized what he was doing. Though still shaken, Stephanie smiled at him, extended her arms, and moved closer toward him.
“Hold me again, Dave,” she requested.
“What hit me?” she asked as she embraced him and had her face close to his again.
He responded by putting his arms around her waist again. His one hand was on bare skin on her back, since she had not put the dress back onto her arm and shoulder yet.
Looking into her eyes, David exhaled and responded “I can't think of anything normal that could have done it.”
“Could it be a ghost or something?” she asked continuing to look him in the eyes.
“Hell, I don't know. There have been some weird things happening around here since Emily died. That damn cabinet door in the kitchen, and there has been a book I keep finding on the floor in the bedroom,” he answered.
“Is it the same book or just random books that falls off a shelf?” Stephanie asked.
“The same chemistry textbook was there each time. It was Emily's. I can't figure it out. It fits tight enough in the bookcase that it shouldn't fall out on its own,” David answered.
“Can you show me the book?” She asked.
“If you want to see it, sure,” he answered.
“Let's go,” she requested, starting to move toward the bathroom doorway.
“Just keep holding onto me,” she added as she let one arm go from David.
“No problem,” he replied while they walked together out of the bathroom into the hallway.
When they reached the master bedroom, the door was shut. After he open it, he reached inside to turn on the lights. They continued into the room.
“See the bookcase over there,” he said, gesturing toward it with his hand.
“Yeah, I see it. So the book would fall off of shelf over there somehow?” she asked.
“Several times, I have found it on the floor about three feet in front of it,” he said as they passed the end of the bed.
 “Well, somehow it's still on the shelf now,” he commented.
“Which book was it, Dave?” she asked.
Still holding onto Stephanie, David reached up toward the chemistry book and pulled it down from the shelf.
“Here it is. Just some old chemistry book,” he said holding the book out for her to see.
She paused for a moment while looking at the book, then commented “That's strange that the same book is on the floor all of the time. It’s a heavy book too.”
“I can't figure it out. Like I said, I can't imagine this just falling off the shelf,” he replied.
“Have you tried putting it in a different spot to see if it still ends up on the floor?” She asked.
“That's a good idea. Maybe I should try that,” he agreed.
“Hang on a minute. Can I let you go for just a moment?” he asked.
Stephanie exhaled deeply for a moment and then replied “Okay, but come back to me soon.”
“I'll try to be quick,” he said as he let his hand go from her.
He then found a spot on a shelf below the normal spot. Using both hands, he slid the book into the new spot on the shelf. When he turned back around, Stephanie was partially sitting on the bed. Her dress still off of her arm and her right side of her bra was exposed. She twisted her shoulder around toward him as he walked to be in front of her.
“Can you check my shoulder again? It still really hurts,” she asked, trying to move it around so he would be able to see it.
“Let's look at it again,” he said while placing his hand on her shoulder.
“Hey, there's a little bleeding now. I didn't see that before,” he said with the sore area in view.
Stephanie stood up, pulled her left arm out of the dress, and slid it down onto her thighs.
“Damn it! This is a new dress and blood is a pain to wash out,” she said in a raised voice.
David was stunned for a moment as she was standing in front of him with only her black bra covering her above the waist. He could also see that she was wearing matching black panties too.
“Can you find something to clean the wound up?” she asked.
“Did you want a gauze pad or something?” he asked.
“No that would probably be way back in the bathroom. Just find some tissue or something,” she suggested.
“Sure,” he said as he quickly walked to the dresser and pulled a few tissues from a box that was on top of it.
He returned to her side, and then placed the wadded up tissues onto her shoulder that had started to bleed.
“Are you getting it?” she asked, turning her head slightly to the right to look over her shoulder.
“Oh yeah, there really wasn't much. I think it may have stopped bleeding now though,” he responded.
“Thank you, Dave. Sorry about freaking out there with the dress. It's new and I like it,” she said.
“No problem, Stephanie. It is a very beautiful dress,” he commented.
"You like it?" she asked.
“Well, you look very nice in it,” he said, still holding the tissue against her shoulder.
While he still held the tissue in place, she slowly turned around to face him. His eyes dropped down to her bra again as it came into view. After returning to look her in the eyes, his hand holding the tissue began to tremble slightly. Her hands slid down her side to loosen her dress over her thighs and let it slide down to her feet.
“Do I look nice without the dress?” she asked with a seductive smile.
He was stunned for a moment his eyes returned to her bra and then to her panties. Realizing what he was doing again he brought his eyes upward again and looked her in the eyes yet again. She shifted her legs to push the dress aside as well as kick off her shoes.
“Stephanie you are stunning in anything,” he said nervously.
“Come here, Dave,” she requested with a smile, extending her arms toward him.
“Don't worry about my shoulder. You can let the tissue fall,” she stated as she smiled and wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer.
David nervously let go of the tissues, and put his arms around her bare waist. Her skin felt soft and warm. Stephanie looked him in the eyes then she moved her face closer to his. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth slightly as she brought it closer toward his lips. Still nervous, David closed his eyes and opened his mouth slightly, too. When her lips met his, she put his lower lip between both of her lips. She used her hands to gently pull his face slightly closer to hers.
With his mouth open slightly, Stephanie let her tongue touch his upper lip. She let out a soft moan as her tongue went further into his mouth. David was still nervous, but his desire for her was very strong and he was feeling passion that he had not felt in what seemed like years. Wanting to reciprocate, David pushed his tongue forward to meet with hers. She shifted her head to the right, but kept her tongue dancing together with his. Moving his head to follow, he continued with his tongue meeting with her tongue and her lips.
He then let his right hand move down her back. Feeling the top band of her panties, he continued to let his hand flow over the lacy material and her soft curvy skin underneath. She moaned again to let him know that it was okay for his hand to be there. With the approval, he moved his left hand to her other cheek. Both hands began gently caressing and squeezing her through the panties.
Then Stephanie moved her mouth away from his, and brought her hands around to the front of his shirt. As she looked longingly into his eyes, she started undoing his shirt buttons. She started at the top button then moved down to the next and so on. After undoing the last shirt button, she moved forward to kiss him again. With his hands still on her behind, she started sliding the shirt off his shoulders. He had to let go of her to allow the shirt to go past his arms. It was then on the floor along with her dress. Her hands then moved onto his pants. First she undid his belt, and then she unlatched the front clasp. After she pulled the zipper down, he helped her pull his pants down. The pants fell around his ankles, exposing his boxer shorts. Stephanie moved her arms up around his neck again and pulled him close. He kicked aside his shoes and the pants.
They both closed their eyes again as their open mouths met again. There tongues were moving together again as the passion deepened. He could feel her breast through the bra against his bare chest. His hands went back to her buttock cheeks again. The soft and warm skin through her panties was quite arousing for him. While still maintaining the passionate kiss, she moved her hands from around his neck to his boxer shorts. About the same time, she slid her hands underneath his shorts to touch his bare cheeks. This time, David let out a soft moan of approval. She continued to caress his behind.
While still holding onto his rear, she tugged on him slowly to get closer to the bed. Once she was against the side of the bed, she shifted her weight backward to lower herself on the bed. She held onto him tight so that he fell slowly on top of her. Their lips only parted for a moment as they adjusted to the new position on the bed.
The soft touch of her skin continued to be very arousing to him. He moved his left hand, and placed it under her back. He carefully rested on top of her. As he shifted his body slightly to the right he moved his left hand around from the back toward her left breast.
As his hand touched the surface of the bra, a loud thump came from behind them. They both stopped. He rolled off of her and looked in the direction of the sound. She raised her head and upper body to see what had happened. While she rested her on her elbows at her sides on the bed to support herself, she continued to look toward the bookshelf.
“What the hell was that?” she asked.
“Not sure, but it could be that damn book again,” he commented as he lowered his legs off the bed to get a better look.
As he stood up, he could make out a rectangular shape on the floor in front of the bookshelf.
“Yeah, I think that’s what it is, Stephanie. I see it on the floor over there,” he commented as he took another step toward the book.
“Moving it to another spot didn’t help did it?” she asked.
“Well apparently not. I can’t figure it out,” he replied while staring at the book.
“Dave, leave the book and come back over here, please,” Stephanie asked with a seductive smile.
“Sounds good,” he said then turned and began walking back to the bed.
As he approached the bed, his eyes caught a wedding photo of himself and Emily on a bedside table next to the bed. He stopped and stared at the photo. Stephanie could see him looking at something, so she turned to look toward the same spot. Once she saw that it was a photo of him and Emily she looked back toward him.
“Stephanie, I think I may need to go a little slower than this,” he said, continuing to gaze at the photo. She moved to the edge of the bed and stood up. While looking at him, she started walking closer to him.
“That’s fine, Dave. You were doing fine for a while there, but I may have let my feelings for you take over too quickly,” she confessed.
“Stephanie, as you can tell, I’m very attracted to you, and you are very beautiful, but I want to take some time. I’m just realizing I need to heal first before I can only think of you,” he said to her.
She smiled as she stood in front of him and said “That’s very sweet, David. I know it’ll take some more time. Again, I’m sorry if I hurt you tonight, but I hope that you won’t be too mad at me.”
“No, I’m not hurt or anything like that, Stephanie. Also I’m certainly not mad at you. You are wonderful, and I want you to be around, but I need to just take things a bit slower, you know,” he replied.
“Thank you, Dave. I feel happy around you, so anything I can do to help you through this, I will do,” She offered.
“Come here,” he said as he held out his arms toward her.
She looked at him and walked toward him and put her arms around his waist. Rather than kissing again, she put her head onto his left shoulder as they embraced. With his face smelling her hair, he held her around her waist. She moved her head slightly.
“Do you want me to leave?” she asked.
He continued to hold her as he thought about what to do. He inhaled deeply then exhaled.
“You don’t have to leave, if you don’t want to. If you want to just stay the night here, I would be fine with that,” he replied, still holding her.
“Do you have another room with a bed I could sleep in?” she asked.
“Well yes, but I would feel better if I didn’t have to be alone again. So you could stay with me in here, if that is okay?” he asked.
“Okay, I can stay. Do you think you can set the alarm for about six? That way I could go back to my place to get ready for work in the morning,” she suggested.
“That’ll be fine. With the extra time, I can clean up the things we left downstairs from dinner in the morning too,” he agreed while pulling his head away from her shoulder so that they could look at each other again.
“I’ll get the bed ready, if you want to set the alarm,” she suggested as she loosened her hold of his waist.
“Okay, I’m tired and ready for sleep. I’ll get the alarm ready,” he replied while he let go of her and head toward the alarm clock on top of the dresser.
After resetting the alarm, he turned toward the bed. Stephanie had the covers pulled back already.
“Which side do you sleep on?” she asked, standing at the side of the bed.
“The other side, so you can get in right there,” he suggested.
“Sure thanks,” she replied as she lowered herself to the edge and started to get in. 
“It’s just too early for me to think about sleeping in the middle of the bed, you know,” he commented.
“Yeah, I suppose it would be. I’ll be fine over here,” she replied.
She then followed by finished getting into the bed. She looked toward him from the bed.
“Would you mind if I took my bra off? It would be hard to sleep with it on, since it may be uncomfortable.” she asked him.
“That should be okay. Do you want me to find a shirt for you or something like that?” he offered.
“No thanks, I don’t really like wearing much at night,” she replied as she began reaching up toward the middle of her bra with both hands.
After undoing the clasp between her breasts she pulled the two sides apart and exposed her breasts while he still was looking toward her. He was slightly stunned, but could not help being attracted to them. After removing the bra, she held her hand out to drop it on the floor. As she did, she turned her head back toward him and noticed he was looking at her.
“Oh, I’m sorry Dave. I probably should have done that under the covers,” She commented.
“You are not going to make this slow pace easy are you?” he said with a smile on his face.
“Well I’ll try my best,” she offered as she lay back, and pulled the covers over her chest.
As Stephanie rested her head on the pillow, she turned her head toward David, who was heading back toward the bed. He went past the bed to the doorway. After switching off the room lights, the room darkened with only the night light on the other side of the room providing light. He then walked toward his side of the bed. Their eyes remained fixed on each other as he reached the edge of the bed.
He pulled the covers back, and sat on the edge for a moment. After bringing his legs, under the covers, he lowered himself onto the bed. He turned to his rest on his left side to face her, and used his elbow to prop himself up slightly. She was positioned in the opposite way to be face to face with David. With his right hand above the covers, he moved it toward her, and placed it on her left thigh. Bringing his face toward hers, he leaned over further, closed his eyes, and kissed her on the lips. The closed mouth kiss lasted a few seconds before he backed away from her. They opened their eyes about at the same time. His hand still on her thigh, he moved it lengthwise slightly, to slowly rub it through the covers.
“You are wonderful, Stephanie. Just give me some time and I'll be ready,” he said in a whisper.
“I know you will be, Dave. I'll be patient,” she replied.
“Thank you, Stephanie,” he said to her.
She shifted he gaze toward the front window for a moment, then returned to look into his eyes again.
“You know, this will be the first time I have stayed in this room. My room was the one down the hall across from the bathroom. So this will be special for me,” she commented.
“Is it strange for you to be in this house again?” he asked, continuing to rub her thigh.
“Well it's different, with newer furniture, fixed up trim and paint colors. It does bring back memories, and being around you makes me feel relaxed in the house, too,” she replied.
“What were your parent's names?” he asked.
“Oliver and Irene Geiger,” she replied.
“Do you miss them?” he asked.
“Yes, I do think about them every once in a while. I try not to dwell on it though,” she replied.
“Well, I hope to get to that point with Emily too,” he commented.
“You will, Dave. I know you will,” she said as she smiled and reached over to put her hand on his right thigh.
“I just feel very alone most of the time around here. Having you close gives me a warm feeling that I’ve not had in a long time,” he stated.
“So Emily . . . she wasn’t too intimate with you?” Stephanie asked carefully.
David exhaled, looked at her, and replied “honestly, most of the intimacy disappeared soon after we moved into the house. She was sick and confrontational often. So there really wasn’t much affection.”
“Oh I’m sorry to hear that, Dave,” she replied with her hand still on his thigh.
‘Well, we better get to sleep, since I have the alarm set quite early,” he suggested trying to change the subject.
“That's true. I'm ready to get some rest,” she said.
“Okay, goodnight, Stephanie,” he said, moving his face closer to hers.
“Goodnight, Dave,” she said while she leaned her face to meet his for another kiss.
Their eyes closed again. His hand gripped her thigh a little tighter as they kissed. He let his lips loosen slightly and his lower lip rubbed against her lower lip. Her tongue touched the tip of his lower lip. Opening his mouth more, he let his tongue out of his mouth to touch her tongue. He exhaled slowly through his nose as their tongues and lips moved together. He could feel her grip on his thigh tighten and pull him closer.
His thighs met hers through the covers as the passionate kiss continued. Then he could feel her hand loosening slightly on his thigh. Her tongue pulled back first then she pulled her lips away from his. They opened their eyes again and looked into each others eyes.
“Goodnight, Dave,” she said again with a smile.
After pausing a few seconds, he was able to respond with “goodnight, Stephanie. Hopefully you will be able to sleep tonight.”
“Oh I'll sleep fine. I know what I’ll be dreaming about too,” she said as she lifted her hand from his thigh and began to roll onto her back.
David pulled his hand away from her thigh as she rolled over. His heart was still beating quickly from the passionate kiss. He kept looking at her for a few more seconds, then rolled over onto his back and closed his eyes.

David sensed a cold hand on his inner thigh slowly moving up his left leg as he lay in the bed. He also felt something cold touching his left side. Confused, he opened his eyes and lifted his head off the pillow. He was looking at dark figure lying in the bed next to him. It had a severely skewed neck, as if it had been broken. He could not move or say a word as he looked into the glassy gray eyes. It was Emily.
“Don’t you love me any more?” Emily whispered to him.
He still could not respond.
“So you killed me so that you could be with her?” the ghost asked.
Stephanie stirred in the bed.
“You’ll regret this David,” Emily stated as her ghost faded away.
As the ghost disappeared, the cold feeling on his leg disappeared. The coldness against his left side disappeared too. Stephanie turned toward him and opened her eyes.
“Why does it feel cold in here Dave?” she asked,
After exhaling, David replied “I’m not sure. I thought something was in the bed with us, but I suppose I could have just been dreaming it.”
“What did you see?” she asked.
“Well I thought I saw Emily,” he replied.
“In the bed with us?” Stephanie asked in a surprised voice.
“It was between us. Again, I’m not sure if I was just dreaming it though. So I wouldn’t worry about it,” he answered trying to reassure her.
“Well I did feel something cold,” Stephanie commented.
“Yeah I can’t explain that. I know my mind may be playing tricks on me with me having to deal with Emily’s death,” he said.
“Are you going to be okay?” she asked.
“Yes, I’ll be fine. We should get back to sleep,” he suggested.
“Okay, goodnight, Dave,” she said, leaning her head back onto the pillow.
“Goodnight, Stephanie.” He said while he lowered his head onto the pillow.
He was able to return to sleep in just a few minutes.

Something stirred David once again. He opened his eyes, but was puzzled as to what could have awakened him. Turning his head toward Stephanie, he could see that she was asleep with her back toward him in the bed. Was something in the room with them? As his eyes adjusted to being awake, he began looking around the room for anything out of place. He started Examining at the room beyond Stephanie. Things looked normal around the dresser. He shifted his gaze to his right toward the bookcase.
At first he did not see anything. Something did not seem right. As he squinted for a slightly closer look, he could see that something rectangular was out in front of the bookcase. His breathing stopped as he realized it was the chemistry book floating in front of the bookcase. It had been on the floor before they had gone to bed. While staring intently at the book, he could see a slight up and down movement of the book. Then it plunged downward and slammed loudly into the floor. He audibly exhaled in shock after it happened. Stephanie began stirring and rolled over onto her back. She opened her eyes, looked over toward David whose mouth was agape and his eyes were staring at the bookcase.
“What was that?” Stephanie asked, still lying on her back in the bed.
David inhaled a deep breath, and then exhaled.
“I just saw that book float in the air and then drop to the floor,” he replied slowly, still looking at the bookcase.
“That big chemistry book again?” she asked as she raised her head up slightly.
“The same book that we left on the floor before we went to bed,” he answered.
Stephanie continued raising her head further, and turned it toward the bookcase.
“I can see the book on the floor right there in front of the bookcase. What's going on here, Dave?” She asked still focused on the book.
David exhaled then replied “I'm not sure we're alone, Stephanie.”
“Could it be the same thing that struck my shoulder earlier?” she asked, pulling herself up to a sitting position in the bed.
The covers over her chest dropped to her lap exposing her breasts. David's eyes lowered to focus on her breasts for a moment. He then looked back at the bookcase.
“I suppose it could be some type of ghost or something. I have a hard time believing in them, but all this stuff is causing me to question whether they do exist or not,” he answered.
She turned toward him and asked “What do you think they’re trying to do? Are they trying to hurt us?” she asked.
“Hopefully whatever it is does not want to hurt anyone, but at this point, I just don't know,” he replied.
She shifted her gaze away from him slightly, took a deep breath, and then exhaled.
“Dave, I'm getting scared,” she stated while she twisted he torso toward him.
“Come here, Stephanie,” he offered, extending his arms outward toward her.
She reached out to him, and they embraced with each putting their arms around the others back. Her right breast touched his chest as they held each other. With his head on her shoulder, he looked past her hair toward the bookcase. He could feel her shaking, and she was breathing rather quickly.
“I’m not sure I can sleep any more right now,” Stephanie said with a soft quivering voice.
David shifted his head to the slightly to look at the alarm clock.
“Well, it’s about five thirty and I had the alarm set for six. Do you just want to head home to get ready for work?” he suggested with his head still resting on her shoulder.
Stephanie took a long deep breath and replied “That probably would be a good idea, Dave. I do want to be with you, but I’m just too shaken right now to try to get back to sleep. This will give me some more time at home to get ready for work, too.”
“Alright Stephanie, I can help you get ready,” he offered, loosening his grip on her back.
“Sure, thank you, Dave,” she replied as she lowered her hands and began rolling to her left to start getting out of the bed.
As David let go, he watched her while she pulled the covers off of her body and lowered her feet to the floor.  Then she pushed off of the edge of the bed to stand up. His eyes gazed at her body only in panties for a moment. David then looked to his right, pulled the covers off, and lowered his feet to the floor. As she was bending down to pick up her bra, he started walking toward the light switch near the door.
After he turned on the lights on in the room, he then walked over to the dresser and opened a lower drawer. Once he had removed a pair of sweatpants, he walked back over to his side of the bed. As Stephanie finished putting her bra back on, he pulled up the sweatpants. While still sitting on the edge of the bed, he turned toward her to see what she was doing. She was bending down to pick up her blue dress from the floor. After standing up again, she whipped it outward to straighten it. She then stepped into it one leg at a time. Her body shimmied as she pulled the dress over her thighs. She then put her arms into the dress and lifted it onto her shoulders.
“Okay, now I can use your help, Dave,” she requested.
As he started walking around to the other side of the bed he replied “Sure, I’ll get the zipper for you.”
She turned slightly so that her back was toward him as he approached her to help. He raised both hands to her back, then grabbed the zipper tab and pulled it up to her neckline, he lowered his hands. She turned around and gazed into his eyes.
“Thank you, Dave. You’re so sweet,” she said.
“No problem, Stephanie,” he replied.
“Let me just get my shoes on and I should be almost ready,” she said as she looked down toward her shoes on the floor.
“Just let me know if there is anything else I can help with,” he offered while she was bending down to reach for her shoes.
She then made her way toward the edge of the bed to put on her shoes. 
“Okay, I think that should be about it,” she said, standing up again from the edge of the bed.
"Are you ready?" David asked.
“Yep,” Stephanie replied, turning toward the doorway and starting to make her way out of the room.
“Sorry about the harsh wake up call this morning. Hopefully, you got enough sleep,” he commented as they both started heading toward the bedroom door.
“Oh I'm fine with the sleep. We got to bed early at least. I'm just not used to getting up this early,” she replied with a slight yawn afterwards.
“That's good that you had enough sleep,” he said standing in front of the doorway to allow her to pass through first.
David turned on the hallway lights and they walked side by side down the hallway toward the top of the stairs. Stephanie proceeded down the steps first and he followed her. He watched her from behind as her hand slid lightly along the railing to help guide her down the stairs. When they reached the foyer below, she turned toward him and put her hands on her hips.
“Well, thank you so much for letting me stay Dave,” she said, looking him in the eyes and with a smile.
“It was a pleasure to have you, and the dinner you prepared was very nice too. At least what we were able to finish before you were hurt. How’s your shoulder, by the way?” he asked.
She looked to the side for a moment, then looked back at him and replied “Oh it's a little sore, but not too bad. I'll be fine. I'm just not sure what the hell did it.”
David shook his head from side to side slightly a few times and replied “I don't know either, Stephanie.”
“Are you going to be okay after I leave?” she asked.
“Oh, I'll be fine. The cabinet opening and the book falling don't seem too dangerous,” he responded.
“Well, something did hurt me, and you did bump your head on the cabinet door. I just want you to be okay,” she said.
“Maybe I'll just try to fight back if it tries anything with me, I guess,” He replied with a smile.
“Yeah, good luck with that,” she said, returning the smile.
“Well, I'd better get going, so I have enough time to change and get ready for work,” she said still looking him in the eyes.
“Okay, well I’ll see you in a few hours back at the bank,” he said as he raised his arms to embrace her one more time.
“I'll see you in a bit, Dave,” she said while she also raised her arms and stepped closer to him.
They put their arms around each others waist. Their bodies closed the gap between them. With their faces only a few inches apart, David closed his eyes and moved his face closer to hers. His lips first met with her lower lip. She followed by opening her mouth enough to allow her tongue to touch his upper lip. Allowing his tongue to touch hers, he opened his mouth wider as the passion continued.
He could feel her hand moving downward from the middle of his back. Slowly sliding her hand underneath his sweat pants, she squeezed the skin slightly for a moment. As they embraced a deep creaking sound emanated from the upstairs, roughly in the direction of the top of the stairs. While still engaged in the kiss, Stephanie opened her eyes and looked toward the stairs. As her eyes continued to shift further upward to the top of the stairs, she pulled back and gasped.
“What the hell is that?” she asked in a shocked voice, while still staring at the top of the steps.
“What do you mean?” he asked as he loosed his grip on her.
“There, at the top of the steps. Something dark is up there,” she said, pulling one hand away from him and pointed toward the top of the stairs.
David was puzzled for a moment, but turned his head around and looked toward the top of the stairs. As he was able to focus on the area at the top of the stairs, he could see a blackish gray mass, which was about the size of a person, shift away from the top of the stairs to the right and out of view.
“I saw it too. It just went to the right. What the hell was that?” he asked.
“Hey I asked you first,” she said with a nervous smile.
He looked back at Stephanie and smiled. He then said “this is getting weird I know, but I'll have to figure out how to live with it, whatever it is.”
“I just don't want that creepy thing hurting you, Dave,” she said, looking him in the eyes and putting her hand onto his back again.
“Stephanie, I'll be fine,” he said, trying to reassure her.
“Well okay, then I'd better get going. I'll see you in a bit, Dave,” she said while she smiled and let her hand rub his buttocks again.
“Okay, see you in a bit, Stephanie,” he replied as he let go of her and moved toward the front door to open it.
She reached over to the table at the bottom of the stairs for her purse. After putting the strap over her shoulder, she turned toward the front door again.
As he opened the door for her, he reminded her “I'll return your serving dish and cover tomorrow, if that's okay with you.”
“That'll work for me. Thank you,” she said as she stepped through the doorway and looked back at him.
“See you, Stephanie,” he said smiling while she continued to walk toward the edge of the porch.
“Bye, Dave,” she said from the porch steps.
He continued to watch her walk down the steps to the sidewalk toward her car in the driveway. Once she reached her car, she unlocked the door. She waved at David. He returned the wave then she got into her car, started it. As she was backing out of the drive, she looked back toward David one more time and waved. He raised his hand to wave again. Once in the street, she put the car in drive and continued on her way.
David closed the front door, took a deep breath and leaned his back against the door for a moment. Remembering what happened a few moments earlier, he looked back at the top of the stairs. The dark mass he and Stephanie had seen earlier was no longer visible. After another deep breath, David pushed himself away from the door and turned to head toward the dining room to begin cleaning up the table.

IX

Later that same day, David was home by himself. While still planning on having Stephanie over again soon, nothing had been set up between them. After cleaning up a simple dinner by himself, he stood in the kitchen and looked out the window. He was curious about Stephanie growing up in the house, and what had happened to her parents. After thinking about where he might find some information, he decided to check the internet on the computer in the office upstairs.
He now realized the office had been Stephanie's bedroom as a child. Turning to leave the kitchen, he made his way to the stairway landing in the foyer. As he walked up the steps, he thought that he could try to search for any past news reports related to her parents.
Once he was at the top of the stairs, he went into the office. Seated in the swivel chair in front of the computer, he reached over to start it up. He exhaled as he waited for it to complete the start up process.
After it was ready, he started up the internet browser. On a search engine site, he entered the full name of Stephanie's father. Soon the search results were listed on the screen. With a quick visual scan, he realized most of the results were about people with the same name, but from different locations.
Selecting the search field again, he added "Pleasant Ridge," to help narrow the search. The next results had fewer listings and were more likely what he was looking for. Scrolling through the first page of links, one caught his eye. It was a scan of a wedding announcement for Irene Pearson and Oliver Geiger. He selected the link, and the scanned article appeared the screen. He leaned forward to examine the text. As he read the announcement, he skimmed over the list of names. There was a dedication near the bottom of the note. It said “The flower arrangement in the narthex is dedicated to the late Harriet Geiger.”
Curious who this was, David remembered the name and put it into the search field. The new search results flashed onto the screen. His interest was sparked by the first listing. It was another scan from a news article. This time it was a death notice for Harriet Geiger. Selecting the link, he continued to lean forward to read the notice.
Studying the obituary, he realized it was Oliver’s the first wife. Stephanie's father was married before she was born. He noted that she had died after a prolonged unknown illness. His eyes returned to the word, unknown. One other item caught his attention. The wedding year and the year of the first wife's death were the same. Doing the math quickly in his head, he realized there were only about six months between the death of the first wife, Harriet, and the marriage to the second wife, Irene.
He sat back in the chair, and stared at the screen. What did this mean? Did it have anything to do with what was going on in the house? He was not sure how to answer these questions. After thinking some more, he decided that he would hold off mentioning anything about this to Stephanie, since she probably was aware of all this, and likely would just think he was trying to dig up too much of her past. Having enough information for him to think about for the evening, David closed the internet browser and shut off the computer.
He then turned the chair around, and stood up to leave the room. After walking to the doorway, he shut off the light and closed the door behind him. With all that has happened, and what he just learned, he felt in need of a drink. Up until this time, he only had a glass or two of wine with Stephanie. This time he wanted something stronger.
He gripped the railing as he made his way down the steps slowly, since he was not totally focused on where he was going. Once he reached the landing, he became more determined to find the scotch. He walked through the rooms and into the kitchen. As he suspected, the same cabinet door was open when turned on the light. Not fazing him much this time, he just reached up shut it as he turned toward the cabinets on the other side of the kitchen.
He reached up to open one of the upper cupboards. He paused only for a moment before reaching in and removing a sixteen year old bottle of scotch. As he looked down at the bottle he was holding with both hands, he thought back to the last time he drank it. It had to have been at least a year or two, he thought to himself. He then set the bottle on the counter, and found a glass in a nearby cabinet. After pouring about an inch into the glass, he set the bottle back on the counter.
Ready to see if the scotch would help him relax, he picked up the glass, and turned toward the doorway to the dining room. As he neared the doorway, the phone rang. He stopped, spun around, and set the glass on the counter. After he was within reach of the phone, he picked it up.
“Hello, this is David,” he said.
“Hi Dave, it’s me, Stephanie,” she replied.
“Oh hi Stephanie, it’s nice to hear from you again,” he said.
“Well I just wanted to see how you were doing tonight. Are things going okay in the house so far?” she asked.
“No more bruises at least. A few more of the typical strange things, but nothing too bad yet,” he replied.
“Glad you aren’t hurt at least. So it’s just the book and the cabinet door things going on now?” she asked.
“Yeah, that’s pretty much it,” he said.
“Did you ever see anything like that dark figure we saw?” she asked.
“I haven’t seen anything like that since, Stephanie,” he answered.
“Hmm . . . well, I was wondering if you would like me to make you dinner again tomorrow night?” she asked.
“Sure that would be great as long as this house doesn’t creep you out too much,” he replied.
“Remember, I grew up in the house, Dave. I’ll be fine,” she stated.
“Okay then, about what time would you like to come over?” he asked.
“Well I’d like to be there now, but I can be there at seven tomorrow,” she replied.
“I miss you too, but I’ll be heading to bed in a little bit. So I probably wouldn’t be too much fun tonight. Seven will be fine for tomorrow, though,” he agreed.
“Okay well I’ll see you at work and at seven tomorrow. Goodbye, Dave,” she said.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Stephanie. Please take care,” he said.
“Take care,” she said.
He then he set the phone back into the base. Turning back around, he collected his glass of scotch from the counter as he began walking out of the kitchen. He passed the dining room, and then he walked into the sitting room. Seeing the chair near the window, he decided he would sit in it to enjoy the scotch. When he reached the chair, he lowered himself into it. He closed his eyes for a moment, and took a deep breath.
After exhaling again, he opened his eyes, and brought the glass to his lips for the first sip. The tingling warmth of the scotch passed over his tongue and down his throat. He held his mouth open for a moment as the slight burn in his throat was in need of a bit more air. Closing his mouth again, he sat back in the chair, and turned to look out of the front window. The glow from the streetlights was reflecting off of the bark and leaves from the trees outside of the window. David took another sip of scotch. As the scotch made its way down his throat, he watched the gentle movement of the leaves that slowly swayed in the breeze. After another sip, his eyes became heavy, and he set the glass on the small table next to him.

A long slow creak awoke David while still in the sitting room chair. As he opened his eyes, there was another similar creaking sound that seemed to be coming from upstairs in the direction of the stairway. Fighting to fully awaken from his slumber, he took a deep breath as he bent forward to stand up from the chair. Before his legs fully straightened, he heard yet another creak from about the same location. As he turned toward the opening to the foyer, he noticed that the light was turned off in there and above the stairway. He thought he had left it on, but could not remember for sure as he started to slowly walk toward the opening.
Upon reaching the foyer, he turned his gaze toward the stairway. It was dark without any lights other than the ambient light from the streetlights, which filtered in through the sidelights on either side of the front door. He froze as a dark gray figure stood before him about halfway up the stairs. It appeared to be a woman. He was unable to see any facial features, but his heart started to race since the silhouette had a gray version of the nightgown Emily was wearing when she died. As the realization of what he was seeing sunk in, he struggled to make an outward reaction toward it. He opened his mouth with the intention of saying something. The smoke like figure began to turn around to face toward the top of the stairs.
“Emily? Emily is that you?” he asked in a quivering voice.
There was no response other than the specter completing the turn, and slowly make its way back up the steps.
“Don’t go yet, Emily!” he said in an attempt to stop the figure moving away from him.
The heavy feeling in his legs was preventing him from moving toward the form. The stairs creaked with each steps from the ghost. He watched as it continued further into the darkness up the stairs. Only able to shuffle his feet slightly in the direction of the landing, he watched the figure blend in with the dark shadows at the top of the stairs. With his feet finally able to move, he walked toward the stairway landing. As he reached the first stair, he reached to his left for the stairway light switch. The lights illuminated above him. He looked carefully toward the top of the steps as he proceeded slowly up the stairs. He could not see any shadowy form or anything like it at the top of the stairs.
“Emily, was that you?” he asked, looking toward his right at the hallway railing overlooking the stairs.
As he reached the middle steps, he could hear a latch from a door closing upstairs. It was in the direction of the master bedroom. He slowly spun his head toward the sound. He noticed the door to the master bedroom was closed as he stared at it through the hallway railing balusters. When he reached the top of the stairs, he heard a muffled thud coming from the master bedroom. 
He turned and walked down the hallway toward the master bedroom door. Pausing in front of the door, he inhaled slowly in an attempt to calm down. He then reached for the door. After pushing the door inward, he could see the room was dark. With the door about halfway open, he turned on the room lights. He focused his gaze into the middle of the room and leaned slightly into the room.
“Emily, are you in the bedroom?” he asked aloud.
He stood in the open doorway quietly awaiting any response. After about a minute passed without hearing any sounds coming from within the room, he started making his way into the room. Walking past the bed, he looked toward the bookcase. As he suspected, the spot he last placed the chemistry book was vacant. He looked down toward the floor and saw that it lay open about three feet from the bookcase.
Once he was near the book, he knelt down, and picked it up. He looked at the page and noticed it was open to a chapter about various metals in solution. Closing the book as he stood up, he held it in his hands briefly before shifting his hands to prepare to put it back onto the shelf. He then slid the book back into the open slot on the shelf. His hand remained on the spine for a moment. He then let his hand rub downward along the binding and across the raised text on it before he let it go. Dropping his hands to his side, he turned around and began looking around the room.
“Emily, are you in here? What’s with the chemistry book?” he asked aloud as he moved his head to the left looking for any figures or strange shadows in the room. 
“I don’t understand what it’s supposed to mean,” he stated.
Not seeing anything strange, he continued to turn around to completely examine the room. Whatever he had seen before was had disappeared.
“Damn,” he muttered in response to not being able to find what he had seen coming up the stairs.
Still puzzled, he began walking back toward the doorway. He left the light on, since he intended to return soon to go to bed. After stepping into the hallway, he continued walking toward the top of the stairway. As he reached the top of the stairs, he paused a moment to look back toward the bedroom door.
He then looked down the steps and began heading back downstairs. Once he reached the landing, he went into the sitting room again. He approached the chair near the window. After retrieving the glass of scotch, he held it in his hand for a moment. Lifting the glass to his lips, he downed the remaining scotch.
“Ah,” he said to himself.
He began walking toward the kitchen. He set the glass on the counter, and then turned to head back toward the foyer. Looking back up toward the top of the stairs from the landing, he started back up to the second floor again.
The scotch was making him tired and he was ready for bed. Once he reached the top of the stairs, he headed toward the master bedroom again. He came to the door and started pushing it inward while looking into the room. He stopped for a moment as he tried to remember if he had shut the door before he went back down stairs. He did not think that he did, but was not sure with the scotch clouding his judgment. After the door was fully open, he walked into the room and head toward the dresser. He was going to change into his bed clothes before brushing his teeth and turning in for the night.

The floor in the bedroom creaked once. It was loud enough to awaken David. Not knowing what to expect, he kept his eyes shut. Another creak was heard. Then one more creak sounded.
“All alone tonight, David?” a voice he recognized as Emily’s taunted.
David remained in the same spot in the bed and slowly opened his eyes. His head spun from the scotch he had earlier in the evening. As his eyes tried to focus on the light coming in from the front window, he could make out a slowly moving shadow figure within the direct light from the window. He wanted to see if she was in the room with him or if the voice were only in his mind. The scotch had made his vision blurry, so it was difficult to make out too much detail. He was able to see partially through the figure, so he could tell that it was not a solid form. The floorboards yielded another squeak. He noticed something seemed strange about the head of the figure. It was skewed sharply to the left.
“Where’s the tramp, David? Doesn’t she want you tonight?” Emily’s voice ridiculed.
Since it kept moving, the gray silhouette that was originally in front of the window was then obscured in the shadows of the room, and out of his sight. The night light must have burned out, since only the streetlights outside illuminated the room.
“Don’t you love me anymore, David?” Emily asked him from the dim area of the room to the right of the window, but still out of sight.
Raising his head slightly above the pillow, he tried to see if he could see her again. He finally was able to see a faint form to the right of the front window.
“Emily, is that you,” he asked in a cracking voice as he still was trying to make out what was standing before him.
He could not hear any more creaking sounds from the floor.
“Well, do you love me David?” Emily taunted again.
“Emily, is that you? What is going on?” he asked while trying to sit up in bed. 
The faint wispy figure started to fade. After he sat up in bed, he wanted to move his legs off the bed, but his spinning head forced him to put his hands to bed for stability. As he looked toward the figure again, the floor began to tip side to side as he watched the figure disappear. He felt nauseous.
“Wait, come back Emily!” he said as he could not see the ghost any longer in the ambient light from the window.
Sweat began running down his brow while he continued to breathe heavily. He stared toward the window with his heart was racing. Was that really Emily? Could he have imagined the figure and her voice, especially with the scotch in him? As he slowed his breathing, he realized he could not answer the questions and was having trouble fully understanding what was happening. He remained sitting up in the bed for a few minutes. His eyes were still very heavy. As confused as he was, he decided to try to get back to sleep. He rolled to his right slightly as he lay back down onto the pillow. The scotch in his system helped him return to his slumber within in a few minutes.

With the alarm going off in the morning, David awoke with a throbbing headache. He pulled his head off of the pillow and rubbed his forehead with his hand. Looking toward the front window, he stared outside to see the morning light filtering into the room. Did he really see Emily that night or did he dream the whole thing. As he stared out the window, he realized that he really did not know the answer.
He slowly sat up in bed, pulled the covers aside, and started to get out of bed. His back was aching as he stood up. Still somewhat wobbly, he slowly made his way toward the dresser. He reached for the alarm clock and shut it off. When he looked to the side, he noticed the burned out night light. He decided he would change it then, rather than possibly forgetting it later.

X

Later that day it was raining heavily outside and David was at home. He knew that Stephanie would be coming over soon. While making preparations for dinner in the kitchen, the phone rang. He put the plates he was carrying back on the counter, and reached for the phone. After picking it up, he hesitated for a moment. Could Stephanie have been calling to cancel? He was not sure. 
Ready to see who it was, he pressed the talk button and said “hello.”
“Hello is this David Sutton?” the female asked him.
“Yes this is David. Who is calling please?” he asked.
“David, this is Beth Hollister. I’m a detective from the Pleasant Ridge police department,” she stated.
“Okay Beth . . . how can I help you?” he asked, slightly confused as to why the police would be calling.
“David, the county forensic lab forwarded the results of a toxicology screen done on your late wife’s Emily’s blood,” she informed him.
“I didn’t even know that was being done, but okay. What did they find?” he asked.
“Well David, I suppose that it was possible that you may have approved the testing soon after she had died. In the confusion, you may not remember doing so,” Beth suggested.
David exhaled audibly.
“That could well be true, Beth. I was quite out of it for at least a day or so,” he replied.
“Anyway David, they found a high concentration of lead in her blood. It did not appear to be to a fatal limit, but they said that it would have led to several side effects. If the exposure were to have continued, it would have been fatal however,” Beth said to him.
“Are you kidding me, Beth? I know the house is old, but I didn’t see her eating any of the paint chips or anything obvious like that. Where would the exposure have come from?” he asked confused.
“Well, that’s why I’m calling, David. I wanted to see if you were aware of anything in your house or elsewhere that could have exposed her to lead,” she stated.
“Damn, do you think I could be exposed too?” he asked.
“Well do you have any health problems?” she asked.
“No, other than an occasional cold and not getting enough sleep, I’ve been fairly healthy, I guess,” he replies.
“It may not be a big rush, but you probably should be checked, sir,” she advised.
“Where could I have that done?” he asked.
“Your doctor or a clinic should be able to help you find a lab that would be able to test for lead,” she replied.
 “Well, I definitely try to get that tested soon. Can you tell me why the police are interested in this though?” he asked.
“Getting back to my question, can you think of anything in your house or elsewhere you think could be a source for her ingesting this lead?” Beth asked.
David paused and then exhaled again while he tried to think of anything that would be responsible for the exposure.
As he shook his head to himself as he answered “I honestly can’t think of anything in the house or wherever that would have lead in it that Emily could have been exposed to. I mean this is an old house and maybe some of the paint could have lead, but I don’t see how that would have gotten into Emily’s body.”
“Is there any flaking paint in or near the kitchen?” she asked.
“hmm . . . not that I can remember or see, since I’m in the kitchen now,” he replied, looking around at the windows and walls.
“Well, please keep thinking about this and let me know if you do come across any ideas,” Beth requested of him.
“Oh I will, Beth. I’m not sure how helpful it will be, but I will definitely do my best,” David answered.
“Is there a reason that the police are involved with this and not the coroner’s office?” David asked.
“Since there is a potential for the poisoning to be intentional, we need to investigate it,” she said.
“You think that someone could have been poisoning Emily?” he asked puzzled.
“As I said, it is something we need to investigate,” she replied.
“Will you need to have someone search the house?” he asked.
“At this point, not yet. We likely will be conducting a search within the next week, however,” she answered.
“I understand. Is there anything I can do to help in the meantime?” he asked.
“Just be aware of anything in your house that could be a source for lead exposure, and if you would like anything tested that you suspect may be contaminated, please contact me, and I will arrange to have it analyzed,” she offered.
“Okay Beth, how can I contact you?” he asked.
“David you may call 555-1441 for my direct line. Just leave a message if I am not there,” she said.
“Let me write that down before I forget, Beth,” he said as he fumbled to open a drawer for a pencil and a piece of paper. He was then ready.
“That was 555-1441 for your desk phone, Beth?” he asked to confirm.
“Yes that’s correct, David. You may contact me if you have any other concerns or questions too,” Beth offered.
“I will let you know, Beth. Thank you for letting me know what is going on. I do appreciate it,” he said.
“Okay, goodbye David,” she said.
“Goodbye Beth,” he said as he hung up the phone.
He held the phone for a moment trying to understand the report from Beth. As he set the phone onto the charger again, the doorbell rang. He glanced at the clock on the microwave. It was a few minutes past six.
The muffled sound of thunder could be heard from the storm outside. Realizing it was likely Stephanie at the front door, he made his way out of the kitchen to the foyer. Once in the foyer, he pulled the front door open. Stephanie was standing there with the same pan in the isolated cover with a plastic bag on top of it. She was wearing tight fitting green dress and smiled as he opened the door.
“Hello Dave. I have dinner again for tonight,” Stephanie said in a cheery voice, though she was drenched from the heavy rain.
“Please come in Stephanie. I’m sorry I didn’t run out to your car with an umbrella. I just got off of the phone in the kitchen, though,” he apologized while he motioned for her to enter with his hand. 
As she started into the foyer, she looked at him and asked “is something wrong Dave? You look a little surprised or something,” she asked.
He closed the front door behind her.
“Well, let me take the dinner stuff from you first,” he said, holding out his hands ready to take the pan she had in her hands.
“Sure, here you go. I just want to hear what’s bothering you,” she said, moving the pan toward his open hands.
“Well the phone call I received just before you arrived was from the police,” he said while holding onto the pan.
“The police called you?” she asked as she slid the purse from off her shoulder and into her hand.
“Yeah, they called and said that Emily had some lead in her system when she died,” he said standing still in the foyer.
“Lead, how could she have gotten that into her body?” she asked.
She set her purse onto the small table near the stairway and then looked back at David.
“I have no idea, Stephanie. It wasn’t a fatal amount, I guess, but it may explain some of the health problems she was having,” he replied.
“That’s weird. Do you think you could have any of it in you?” she asked.
“Since I’m not sick, probably not, but I’m planning on getting checked fairly soon,” he replied.
“God, I hope that you are okay. That’s awful that it made Emily so sick too,” Stephanie stated.
“She didn’t have it easy, but she wouldn’t go to the doctor. I tried suggesting a doctor, but for whatever reason, I could not convince her to go. Maybe they would have figured this problem with the lead, if she would have gone,” he said with a sad look on his face.
“Oh Dave, you can’t force people to do things they don’t want to do. It wasn’t your fault,” she said trying to reassure him.
“Thanks Stephanie. I know I tried,” he replied while nodding his head slightly.
“That I’m sure you did, Dave,” she said, putting her hand on his shoulder.
He looked down at the pan in his hand and said “well what did you make for tonight?”
Keeping her hand on his shoulder she replied “I made some baked enchiladas along with salad again.”
“Hey that sounds good, Stephanie! Let’s take this stuff to the kitchen and start getting it ready,” he replied in a more upbeat voice.
“Okay, I’ll follow you,” she replied.
She let her hand slide down his arm as she removed it off of his shoulder.
“Oh, do you want me to see if I can find a towel for you to dry off? That rain looks like it drenched you out there,” he offered.
“If it’s not too much trouble, I suppose I could use a towel,” she replied as she followed him into the sitting room.
“I know there are some smaller towels in the kitchen. If you need a bigger one, I can get on from upstairs,” he said.
“A small one will work fine. Thanks, Dave,” she replied while they continued through the dining room. 
As David and Stephanie walked into the kitchen, they both could see that the same upper cabinet door was open again.
“Does this thing ever stay closed?” David asked as he approached the counter.
“Just watch your head this time,” Stephanie commented with a smile.
“Yep, I know,” he replied setting the pan and bag with the salad onto the counter.
He then reached up and shut the cabinet door.
“Let me find you a towel to dry off first,” he offered.
“Thanks Dave,” she replied, watching him kneel down to a lower cabinet.
He pulled out a towel then he turned toward Stephanie and held out the towel.
“It may be a bit small, but hopefully it will help dry you off and there are more if needed too,” he said, looking her in the eyes.
She stepped closer to him and reached for the towel in his hands.
“This should work. Thank you,” she said as she grasped the towel and raised it to her left shoulder. She then gently rubbed the shoulder and moved it downward over her left arm. After shifting the towel to her left hand, she began rubbing her right shoulder and then her right arm. She then stopped and looked at David.
“Can you dry off my back?” she asked slowly.
“Sure, let me have the towel for a minute,” he offered while reaching his hand toward her.
After taking the towel from her, she turned around so that her back was facing him. David quietly took a quiet deep breath, and raised the towel toward her shoulder. Her hand rose up and went under her long brown hair behind her neck. She lifted the hair to expose her neck. David moved the towel from her shoulder to her neck under the raised hair.
“You did manage to catch quite a bit of rain out there, didn’t you?” he asked as he slowly used the towel to rub her neck side to side.
“It’s quite a downpour out there,” she said, still holding her hair above her neck.
With the towel, he moved to her other shoulder then moved it downward to along her back below her shoulder. Rubbing it up and down across her back, he managed to help dry the surface of her dress. When he reached the midpoint of her dress, she lowered her hair and turned around to face David. He pulled the towel away from her body as she turned.
“Can you wipe the front of the dress now?” she asked, looking intently into his eyes.
As a smile developed on his face, he replied “I guess I can do that too, Stephanie.”
He moved his hand with the towel toward her left shoulder and started wiping near her neck. Working side to side again, he dropped the towel down the below the shoulder. He changed the position of the towel to her right shoulder and rubbed it across the top. Lowering it downward again, he let the towel caress the top of her right breast. As he did so, he was aware that she was not wearing a bra this time. His hand shifted the towel across her chest to the top of her left breast. She closed her eyes and let out a soft exhale of approval.
Raising his other hand to the towel, he slid it onto her right breast and shifted his right hand to her other breast. He slowly rotated his hands in an opposing circular pattern around each breast. Her head turned slightly to the side and her mouth opened. Slowly opening her eyes, she raised her hands from her side and placed them around David’s neck. With his hands still caressing her breasts, she tilted her head back slightly and pulled him closer. He let go of her breast with his left hand and moved it to her back.
Drawing her close, he leaned toward her awaiting lips. As their lips met, she put hers around his lower lip. His tongue touched between her lips and she opened her mouth further. Her tongue met his. He let go of the towel, but kept his hand on her left breast. His hand moved around her supple breast, occasionally fondling the nipple. Their tongues continued to twist and touch. A bright flash of lightning came from outside the kitchen window and was immediately followed by a very loud clap of thunder. It startled Stephanie, who opened her eyes and turned her head to look out the window.
“Wow that was close,” she said after turning back to look at David and still breathing somewhat hard.
“You okay?” he asked looking at her.
“Oh yeah, it just startled me,” she said smiling as she pulled him closer again.
She kissed him and their tongues were intertwined again. They rotated around so that David was now looking toward the doorway to the dining room. David closed his eyes as he tilted his head slightly to move his lips to another position. With his hand still fondling her breast, he lowered his other hand to her buttock. He gently squeezed her behind and opened his eyes. As he looked over her shoulder, he could see a shadow just beyond the doorway to the dining room. He froze. Sensing something was wrong Stephanie pulled her head back and looked at his face.
“What’s wrong Dave?” she asked.
As he held his breath, he watched the figure back away from the doorway and out of sight. He exhaled, but continued to look toward the doorway.
“Dave what’s going on?” she asked trying to get an answer.
“I thought I saw something,” he replied, still looking toward the doorway.
She turned her head around and asked “was something by the door?”
“I thought I saw something strange there, but maybe it was just my imagination,” he replied.
“I don’t see anything there. What did you see?” she asked, still looking toward the doorway too.
“Well, it backed out of sight, but it was a shadow or something dark. Probably just a shadow from outside though,” he commented as he turned to look her in the face.
“Well, it could have been something else I suppose. There has been a lot of strange stuff going on around here,” she added.
David took a deep breath then exhaled. 
“It’s hard to say what’s going on here, Stephanie,” he said, looking back toward the doorway.
“Why don’t we get the dinner ready before it gets too cold,” he suggested while loosening his grip from her behind and breast.
“Sure Dave, I wouldn’t want to keep you from something hot,” she replied with a seductive look in her eyes.
She then reached her hand around his back to grab his backside.
“Well, I am hungry you know,” he commented with a wry smile on his face.
“Okay let’s see what you made here,” he continued, turning toward the pan and bag on the counter.
He reached over and began unzipping the cover.
“I’ll grab some wine, if you don’t mind,” she offered, shifting toward the other side of the kitchen where the wine was stored.
Before she reached the opposite side, she noticed the scotch sitting on the counter.
“Single malt?” she asked while pointing at the bottle.
After turning around to look over to where she was pointing, David replied “yeah, it’s aged sixteen years. I had a little last night.”
“Well, I may be interested in trying some after dinner,” she said, looking back at him.
“We can do that,” he replied.
“Cool,” she said as she turned back toward the cabinet with wine and began squatting down to open the cabinet door.
He turned back to the finish unzipping the pan cover.

After finishing dinner, they collected the dishes, and walked toward the kitchen. Once all of the dishes were placed near the sink, Stephanie saw the bottle of scotch on the counter, and moved to pick it up.
“Can you find glasses for this?” she asked looking at David.
“Yeah, I keep them right over here,” he replied, as he reached toward an upper cabinet.
After setting two glasses on the counter, he turned toward Stephanie, and put out his hand toward the bottle.
“Here you go, Dave,” she said as she gave the bottle to him.
“How much would you like?” he asked, removing the bottle from her hand.
“Oh about a quarter of a glass I suppose. For now at least,” she replied.
“Yeah that sounds like a good amount to start,” he said as he started to remove the cork.
He started pouring the scotch into the glasses. When he finished, he picked up the glasses gave one to Stephanie.
“Here you go,” he offered.
“I can smell it already. Thank you, Dave,” she said smiling while she reached for the glass in his extended hand.
“You’re welcome Stephanie. Would you like to sit in the living room?” he asked.
“Sure, I remember where that is,” she replied as she began moving toward the doorway to the dining room.
“I guess I’ll follow you this time,” he commented.
She let out a light laugh while she made her way past the doorway to the dining room.
“At least it looks like you have dried off. I don’t see the soak marks on your dress any more,” he commented while they continued into the foyer.
“Checking me out from behind, huh?” she asked playfully as she walked toward the opening to the living room on the opposite side.
“Well I just didn’t want you to still be wet, you know,” he replied as they entered the living room. 
He reached to the side to turn on the lights for the room.
She turned her head around with a seductive smile, looked him in the face, and replied “I could be in wet again soon.”
He smiled back at her and commented “well that’s possible, I suppose.”
She picked out a spot on the couch near the fireplace and sat down on it. David sat next to her on the couch and held the glass on the back of it just behind her. She twisted her body around to face him and placed her arm near his on the back of the couch. They looked at each other.
“So are you okay after having that woman yell at you at the bank today?” he asked raising his hand to take a drink of the scotch.
She looked to the side and then looked back at him to reply “Yeah, I’m okay now. I was upset for awhile after it happened though.”
“What was she so upset about again?” he asked after he had taken a sip.
Stephanie took a sip from her own glass then replied “She had made a big deposit yesterday and wanted to withdraw most of it today. I couldn’t do it of course, since there was a three day hold on the large deposit.”
“That’s the policy. So you didn’t do anything wrong there,” he commented.
“That’s what I tried to explain to her, but she insisted on getting her money today. Like you advised us earlier, we need to stick with the procedures in situations like this. She just was not taking no for an answer and it just got out of hand quickly. I’m glad that Steve was able to help and to ask her to leave,” she said.
“It gets bad when security has to get involved with a customer, but that’s one reason we have them in the bank,” David commented as he brought the glass to his lips again.
“Well I’m glad he was there to help. I’m not sure what I would have done if someone didn’t help,” she replied and then took another sip of her scotch.
“Someone else would have stepped in, but I agree that having him help was best. He is trained for that type of situation,” he replied.
“He did manage to calm her down before getting her to leave,” she said.
“This scotch is actually helping me calm down too. Thinking about this was making me a bit upset again,” she said to him while bringing the glass to her lips.
“Glad you like it,” he said as he too took a sip from his glass.
She held her glass in front of her and asked “I’m actually ready for a refill. Would you like me to fill your glass too?”
“Oh I can get it if you would like,” he replied.
“No, I know where the bottle is back in the kitchen. Just let me get it for you,” she offered as she reached her hand out toward his glass.
“Okay thank you, Stephanie,” he replied, moving his glass into her waiting hand.
She smiled back at him, stood up with the two glasses in her hands, and started walking toward the foyer. He watched her dress sway side to side as she passed through the opening to the foyer. After she crossed the foyer and entered the sitting room, she then disappeared from his sight. He lowered his eyes to the coffee table in front of the couch. It was the table that Emily hit with her head the day she died. As he looked at the edge that she hit, he took a deep breath.
After a few seconds, he shifted his gaze toward the inactive fireplace near the couch. He allowed his eyes to relax their focus as he thought about what had happened that day Emily died. A long deep creaking sound emanated from the second floor above him. He knew that must be from the master bedroom. Lifting his head upwards, he stared at the plain plaster ceiling.
Stephanie seemed to be taking a little long pouring the scotch in the kitchen. He could hear some occasional muffled sounds from the kitchen as he continued to wait. A faint flash of lightning reflected on the wall opposite of the side window. It was followed by a distant low rumble of thunder. Finally he heard footstep coming from the kitchen and a few seconds later, he could see Stephanie exiting the sitting room into the foyer. She was holding the two glasses, which were filled to a higher level than before. The bright and cheerful smile on her face caused him to smile as well as she came into the living room again. She walked to the couch, shifted to her side, and lowered herself onto his lap.
“Wow!” he commented as her body contacted his legs.
“Here have some more scotch,” she said, moving the glass in one hand toward his lips.
With the glass at his lips, she tipped the glass and he took a drink. She smiled then took a sip of her glass in her other hand. When finished, she leaned forward slightly to set both glasses on the coffee table. Turning back, she put one arm around his back and one hand on the side of his face as she moved her face toward his. As their lips engaged, David placed one hand on her back and the other hand on her leg near the knee. The slight tingle from the scotch could be felt on their tongues as they touched.
She lowered her hand from his face to his back. After shifting her head to the right, she continued to lower her hand and slide it under his pants to contact his buttock. She slowly squeezed her hand against his skin. He moved his hand lower to her buttock. Once in contact with it, he gently squeezed it. His hand then rubbed up and down her leg. Stephanie opened her mouth to take a quick breath, and then contacted his lips again. David moved a hand from her leg toward her chest.
She let out a moan as his hand touched her right breast. Cupping the breast in his hand, he gently squeezed it and rotated his hand slightly at the same time. The softness of her breast under the dress without the bra aroused him. She then removed her hand from his buttock and brought it up to her dress strap. As she began pulling it to the side, she realized she would need to be unzipped before it would move much further.
“Can you help with the zipper Dave?” she asked while still holding the strap.
“Absolutely Stephanie,” he replied as he lifted his hand from her buttock and felt around the top of her dress below her neck for the zipper.
He began lowering the zipper until it stopped at the midpoint of her back. She then slid one dress strap off her shoulder, which exposed her breast. Moving her hand to the other strap, she pulled it to the side over her shoulder and onto her arm. She then slid off of David’s lap and continued pushing the dress downward over her hips. With her red lacy panties now exposed, the dress fell around her ankles.
“You are so beautiful, Stephanie,” he said smiling at her.
She pulled her feet out of the dress.
“Well you are very handsome, Dave,” she said as she put her knee alongside his leg. 
After placing her hand onto his shoulder, she put her knee next to his leg. With her legs mostly straight above her knees, she brought the middle of her breasts toward his mouth. Starting with a gentle kiss between her breasts, David brought his hand up toward the underside of her breast. She moaned as he slowly slid his mouth toward her breast. Kissing above the nipple first, he then lowered his lips over the nipple and gently gave it a soft kiss.
She pulled his back to bring him closer. With that, her nipple plunged into his mouth. He moved his tongue outward and traced it around the nipple. Stephanie moaned again while she slightly rocked her hips back and forth. A deep sounding creak came from the bedroom above again. David removed his lips from her and looked toward the ceiling.
“What’s that sound Dave?” she asked, looking toward the ceiling as well.
There was another creak sound from same the location.
“Something from upstairs, though it’s probably just the house settling,” he answered as he removed his hand from her breast.
“I need more scotch, I think,” he said as he looked toward the glass on the table.
“Yeah, I could use some more too, I suppose,” she replied in a slightly disappointed voice while lowering a leg from the couch onto the floor.
Once she was off of his lap, he leaned forward and reached out toward his glass on the table. Sitting back on the couch, Stephanie retrieved her glass. Once both of them had the glasses, they each took a long sip of the scotch. 
She looked toward him as he closed his eyes for a few seconds. He was facing the coffee table. He opened his eyes and looked toward her. His gaze started at her eyes but lowered to her exposed breast and the glass of scotch she held with both hands. After looking back at her eyes again, he smiled at her and exhaled. She raised her glass to take another drink.
“It’s getting a little late, Stephanie. Were you planning on going home tonight?” he asked.
“Well I was earlier before I had all of this scotch. Sorry, it just went down too easy,” she replied as she raised a hand to her brow.
“Damn that’s right we have had quite a bit tonight. I wouldn’t want you to drive home like this and I’m no better at this point. So you are welcome to stay here. You may have to leave early again though,” he replied.
“Well I did bring a change of clothes, just in case. It’s in the car. So I can go grab it,” she said.
“The rain has stopped, so you shouldn’t get wet going out to the car. Also, that would mean we could sleep in until the alarm goes off. Can I help?” he asked.
“No I know were the stuff is in the car. I’ll take the pan and the stuff I brought for dinner to the car too,” she replied as she reached down for the dress on the floor.
“Okay, I can wait for you in the foyer when you have the stuff ready,” he offered.
After grasping her dress, she started to stand up but stumbled slightly.
“Whoa, I am a bit tipsy. Thanks again for offering to let me stay,” she commented as she recovered and held the dress over her chest.
“Yeah, I wouldn’t want you to get into an accident,” he replied.
She then lowered the dress to the floor and stepped into it. After straightening herself, she pulled the dress over her thighs and pulled the straps over her shoulders one at a time.
“Can you zip me up, Dave?” she asked, turning her back toward him.
“Absolutely,” he replied as he stood up behind her and raised a hand toward her back.
After pulling up the zipper, she turned around and raised her mouth toward his and planted a kiss on his lips.
“Thanks Dave,” she said with a smile as she turned to leave the room and began walked toward the foyer.
He moved slowly toward the foyer to wait for her to return from the kitchen. As he stepped away, she disappeared from view while she continued toward the kitchen. He stopped near the front door, and he turned to look out of the sidelight toward her car in the driveway. The sound of footsteps came from the sitting room. Stephanie came back into view with the pan holder and the bag with the salad items on top of it.
“Okay I’m ready to take this out to my car,” she said then smiled at him.
“Did you want me to get your keys?” he asked.
“Oh yeah, that would help. They are in my purse on the table by the steps,” she answered looking toward her purse.
“I’ll find them,” he said, walking toward the purse. Once he picked it up, he opened it and looked inside. He was able to find the set of keys.
“I can follow you out, unless you would like me to take it out for you,” he offered while moving closer to the front door.
“I can take it out to the car. I’ll just need you to unlock the doors using the button on the key,” she requested while he started to open the door.
He held the door as she walked past him and onto the porch.
“Oh let me get the porch light he said leaning over to flip the light switch.
“Thanks,” she said continuing toward the porch steps.
He used the key fob to unlock her car doors. The lights on her car turned on and he could he the muffled sound of the doors unlatching. Stephanie made her way from the porch to her car. Dave watched her as she used the hood to hold the items, before placing them into the front seat. She then retrieved a cloth bag from the back seat, set the locks, and closed the door. She looked toward David as she began walking back toward the house. 
Smiling at him as she walked up the steps, she said “I’ll set. Thanks Dave!”
“Hey I just pressed the button and held the door. You did all the heavy lifting,” he commented as she walked up close to him.
“Let’s go back inside,” she suggested, continuing into the foyer again.
“Are you ready for bed?” he asked walking inside of the doorway and closing the door behind him.
She nodded her head a few times, and replied “I’m ready to turn in.”
“Okay, let’s head upstairs. Do you want me to take your bag?” he offered.
“You can follow me again,” she said with a seductive smile while handing him the bag with her clothes.
She reached for the light switch at the bottom of the stairs, but missed it due to her vision.
“Whoops! I’m really feeling this scotch,” she commented while trying to move her hand around to find the switch.
Once she found it, she was able to turn on the light.
“Use the railings when you go up, Stephanie,” he suggested, slowly walking behind her.
“Oh you’re right on that, Dave,” she replied, grasping the railing and beginning to walk up the steps.
David walked behind her trying to make sure she did not stumble. He held onto the railing, since his head was also beginning to spin. She paused as she reached the second floor. Slowly turning, she began heading to the master bedroom. As she approached the door, she reached out and opened it.
“It’s seems cold in her again tonight,” she commented, stepping into the room.
“It is for some reason,” he agreed, following her into the darkened room.
Reaching over, he turned on the light. He left the door open as they walked toward the bed. While she walked to the opposite side of the bed, he set her bag on a chair near the front window. She turned her back toward him.
“Can you unzip me again?” She asked.
“Okay,” he replied approaching her from behind and raising his hand for the zipper. He undid it again. 
“There you go,” he said, removing his hand.
“Thanks, Dave,” she replied as she lowered a strap of her dress off of her shoulder.
After the strap was on her arm she pulled the other strap onto her other arm. Using both hands, she eased the dress over her thighs and it dropped around her feet. Wearing only her panties, she turned around and put her arms out toward his collar. Pulling herself closer, she began undoing his top shirt button. After it was undone, she continued to the next until they all were undone. She then reached around his shoulders and slid his shirt off of his arms. It dropped to the floor.
With her hands on his back, she slid them around to the front of his pants. She undid the belt. After finding the clasp for his pants, she undid it and located the zipper. She then pulled it down, and let her hand rub against his underwear as she did. Using both hands she pulled his pants down over his hips down to his ankles. He stepped out of the pants around his ankles and smiled at her. She stood up and reached behind him and slid both hands into his boxer shorts.
As she pulled him closer, he could feel her bare breasts against his chest. He reached his hands around her back and let them go down to her panties. His hand slid inside of her panties and touched her buttock while he positioned his head toward her face for a kiss. Their lips touched and the tongues soon followed. She rubbed her thighs against his. While using her tongue to circle his tongue, she shifted her head to the left. As she did, she became unbalanced and she stumbled. Since David was holding on to her, she did not fall, but she was uneasy enough to stop kissing him.
“Wow I’m dizzy, Dave. I think I may just need to go to bed. I’m so sorry,” she said to apologize for stopping.
David exhaled and looked at her in the eyes.
“Don’t worry Stephanie, I wouldn’t want to continue if you weren’t enjoying it anyway,” he replied.
“I’ll get the bed ready,” he offered as he let go of her.
She lowered her hand to steady herself on the bed. He walked around her, reached for the covers on the bed and pulled them back on her side of the bed. Stepping back, he motioned his hand toward the bed.
“There you go,” he said with a smile.
“You are so sweet, Dave,” she said, lowering herself onto the bed.
She then got onto the bed and soon laid her head onto the pillow. David stepped to her side and pulled the covers over her. He then walked to the door and shut off the light. Once he returned to his side of the bed, he pulled the covers back and got into the bed. After setting his head on the pillow, he pulled the covers over his body.
“Goodnight, Stephanie,” he said turning toward her.
“Goodnight, Dave,” she replied in a tired voice.
Her hand moved over to his and she lightly held his hand. As he shut his eyes, he became aware that his ears were ringing and he felt the room spinning slightly. He was tired, so it did not take him too long before he was asleep.


XI

David awoke to the muffled sound of what he thought were at least two women talking softly somewhere outside of the bedroom. He opened his eyes. It was still dark in the room, except for the night light. Turning to his left, he noticed that Stephanie was not in the bed. The voices were muffled enough that he could not make out what they were saying, but one did sound like Stephanie whispering. The other female voice did not sound familiar to him. It was not Emily. 
Was someone else in the house? Who was Stephanie talking to down the hall? He was puzzled as to what he was hearing, though his ears were still ringing from the scotch.
The voices stopped and then the toilet flushed. She must have been in the bathroom, he realized. Maybe she was just talking to herself, but it did sound like someone else was there with her. After hearing her finish up, he heard the bathroom door open and footsteps coming closer to the bedroom from down the hallway. Since he did not know for sure what he heard, he decided he would not to ask Stephanie about it. Pretending to be asleep, he closed his eyes.
He could hear her enter the room and walk around the bed. The bed rocked slightly as she as she rolled close to him. He felt a hand touch his left thigh from under the covers and moved up between his legs.
“Dave,” she whispered as she gently rubbed his inner thigh.
Not sure what to do, David remained quiet.
“Dave,” Stephanie whispered a little louder.
“What Stephanie?” he replied while keeping his eyes shut.
“I want to make love to you,” she whispered to him.
He opened his eyes and turned toward her. She was lying on her side with her bare breasts exposed, and her hand was still under the covers rubbing his thigh.
“Right now? Aren’t you still sick from the scotch?” he asked.
“Well my head hurts a little, but I just want you so bad,” she said.
He exhaled slowly and replied “Stephanie, I’m okay with what we’ve done so far, but it’s just feels too early for me to take it to that level at this point.”
Through the dim glow of the night light, he could see that she was disappointed.
“Are you sure?” she asked slowly.
He exhaled slowly again, nodded his head and replied “I’m sure for a little while at least, Stephanie. I just need some more time.”
“Okay I guess I’ll just have to wait. Would you mind a kiss or two before we go back to sleep?” she asked, continuing to caress gun.
“That would be wonderful, Stephanie,” he replied with a smile.
She moved over closer to him, pulled her hand up from his thigh and pulled the covers off of him. Her hand went behind his back. She lifted her upper body off the bed and leaned over his face. As she pulled on him with her hand behind his back, her lips covered his lower lip. Her bare breasts rubbed against the hair on his chest as she put her tongue into his mouth. He opened his mouth and let his tongue contact hers. He closed his eyes.
Lifting his hand off the bed, he placed it on her back. Her leg moved over his so that her knee lay just above his. His hand slowly rubbed her back as his tongue moved back and forth between her lips and her tongue. She moved her head slightly to allow her tongue to go deeper into his mouth. He slid his hand down to her panties and rubbed her buttock. Stephanie moaned, rolled over on top of him and slid her leg between his legs.
With her above him, he lifted his hand from the bed and placed in near his other hand on her panties. She lowered her hips down to his body. He gently squeezed her buttocks with his hands and they continued to allow their tongues and lips to explore. Something cold grasped his forearm as his hands squeezed Stephanie. Whatever held onto his forearm was pulling it away from Stephanie. Puzzled, he opened his eyes and looked to the side past Stephanie’s hair hanging near his face. There was a dark figure with the neck askew right next to the bed with a hand tugging on his forearm.
“Ahhh!” he screamed, raising his upper body from the bed and pulling on his arm to try to break free of the grip.
Stephanie was partially pushed back to her side of the bed as his torso lifted to a sitting position.
“Why did you do that?” Stephanie yelled at him trying to maintain her balance.
“Let go!” he said to the figure still holding onto his arm.
“Oh shit, let go of him!” She yelled when she saw the dark figure holding onto his arm.
She leaned over toward David’s arm and tried to grab the dark arm, but missed. With a sharp tug on his arm, David was pulled from the bed onto the floor. Stephanie moved to his side of the bed and was able to grasp his arm and pull it toward the bed. The figure loosened its grip on his arm and slowly faded from view. 
“I’ll get even with you,” a voice that sounded like Emily’s whispered.
They both stared at the spot where they had seen the figure. Neither of them said anything for a least a minute.
“Who was that Dave?” she asked still breathing heavily, while David sat on the floor rubbing his arm.
“I think it may have been Emily. The figure looked like it had a broken neck,” he replied breathing deeply as well.
“Oh my god, what’s she trying to do to us?” she asked, continuing to stare toward his side of the bed.
“I don’t think she’s ready for me to move on yet?” he stated.
Stephanie inhaled deeply and asked “are you ready?”
“I’m getting there, Stephanie. It’ll just take me awhile,” he replied, trying to reassure her as he began using his hands to stand up from the floor.
A loud thump came from the direction of the bookshelf. They both gasped as they quickly turned their heads toward the sound. As he stood at the side of the bed, David exhaled again.
“Just leave it on the floor. I’ll pick it up in the morning,” he said to her.
“Do you think she’ll come back tonight?” she asked.
“Not sure, but I think she’ll be gone for awhile at least,” he replied.
“Okay, I’m calming down a bit, so hopefully I can to try to get back to sleep. With any luck, I won’t be too tired at work tomorrow,” she replied.
“Well if you are, I’ll know why,” he said in an understanding manner.
“Thanks Dave. Goodnight,” she said, lowering herself back onto her pillow.
“Goodnight again, Stephanie,” he said, staring toward the bookshelf a few moments longer.
Using his other hand, he continued to rub his sore arm where it had been clutched a few moments before. He then lowered his head onto the pillow as well. As he closed his eyes, he turned his head slightly toward Stephanie. They both were able to return to sleep for the few remaining hours before the alarm was to sound.

The alarm buzzed in the morning. David moved the covers aside, and lowered his feet to the floor. As he walked toward the alarm clock on the dresser, he could hear Stephanie stirring in the bed. He turned the alarm off and turned toward Stephanie.
“Good morning, Stephanie,” he said.
She let out a yawn then said “good morning, Dave.”
“How are you feeling this morning?” he asked, still looking toward her.
“Better than last night at least,” she replied, slowly started getting out of the bed.
“Glad to hear that,” he commented, turning to the dresser, and opening the top drawer.
She walked toward the chair with her bag on it. Once she reached it, she unzipped it and pulled out a small case.
“Mind if I get a shower first?” she asked, coming closer to him.
“Sure, the towel on the rack near the door is clean, if you want to use it,” he said turning back toward her.
“Thanks, I’ll use it,” she said while putting her thumbs inside of her panties to start pushing them down while still holding onto the case.
David stared at her as her panties dropped to the floor and she stepped out of them. She then reached down, picked them off the floor and turned toward her bag. After tossing the panties onto the bag, she turned and approached him. David’s mouth was open as she put her arms around neck. She planted a kiss on his lips, then pulled back and looked him in the eyes. He shook his head slightly from side to side.
“You sure aren’t making this easy Stephanie,” he said, looking her in the eyes.
“I know. I’ll be back after the shower,” she said, smiling then let go of him and turning to walk toward the bedroom door.
His eyes stayed fixed upon her until she was out of sight down the hall. He exhaled and shook his head again. As he turned back toward the dresser, he looked at the wedding photo again. He knew that he was right to take things slow. After a deep breath, he focused back to the open dresser drawer.

The sound of water running through the old pipes rumbled the floor of the bedroom as David buttoned the top button of his blue shirt. As he started the next button down, he heard a loud frantic scream from Stephanie, who was in the shower down the hall. 
“Oh my god,” David said as he forgot about the button and quickly started making his way to the open bedroom door.
“Are you okay Stephanie?” David yelled as he entered the hallway.
“Please come here quickly David!” Stephanie yelled from behind the closed bathroom door.
“I’m almost there!” he yelled.
He reached for the closed door, and pushed the door partially open. After sticking his head inside a few inches, he looked around. The shower was still running, and Stephanie was apparently still in it.
“What’s going on Stephanie?” he asked.
“Come in here David. I want to see you,” she requested while pulling the curtain slightly aside.
“Okay,” he replied starting to slowly enter the bathroom.
She moved the shower curtain out of the way. David could see she was still totally naked. She stepped out of the tub. Covering her bare breasts with crossed arms, she stared wide-eyed toward David as she slowly came closer to him. He could tell that something had obviously shaken her.
“Come her Stephanie,” he offered calmly, while he opened his arms toward her.
She approached him without saying a word and with her arms still across her chest. When she was right in front of him, she finally let go of her shoulders and dropped her arms to embrace him. She put her head on his shoulder, and placed her arms around his back. She was breathing heavily, but was not saying a word.
David put his arms around her waist as the water from her body began soaking though his partially buttoned shirt. He could feel her body trembling as she clung to him, apparently not ready to speak.
“Can you tell me what happened, Stephanie?” he whispered softly.
She inhaled deeply then exhaled. Slowly raising her head off of his shoulder, she gazed into his eyes with a frightened blank stare. He could see her mouth slowly open.
“I saw her again,” she managed to whisper.
“Her? You mean Emily?” he asked slowly.
“It could be her. I don’t know. There was just some woman watching me from the other side of the shower curtain. All I could see was the shadow cast from the lights by the mirrors, but it looked like the same woman we have seen before, like in the bedroom earlier. I’m just really freaked out right now, David,” she explained as she stared toward the vanity.
“Did she attack you this time?” he asked.
“No, I may have scared her off by screaming. She was coming closer though,” she replied slowly.
David pulled his arms slightly tighter around her waist.
“Well, I’m glad you’re okay at least. I’m sorry things in this house are doing this to you. I wish I could stop it, even if it is Emily,” David said to her.
“I’ll be okay, Dave. I really do want to be here with you even if it’s difficult,” she replied.
David was somewhat surprised by her response. 
“So you are okay with this type of thing happening?” he asked.
“Well, it definitely is strange, but I’m not ready to give up yet,” she replied looking into his eyes.
“I just wish there was something I could do to stop this. I don’t want you harmed,” he said.
“I’ll be fine, Dave,” she replied smiling at him.
Slowly she started closing her eyes and raising her lips toward his. Seeing her face getting closer to his, he opened his mouth slightly to meet with hers lips. Their lips engaged as his eyes closed. Her arms tightened around his waist. David could feel her tongue entering his mouth. It took him a few seconds to respond in kind, since he was confused as to why she seemed able to recover so quickly from the sighting. His tongue met with her tongue. She removed her arms from behind his back and pulled her chest away from him slightly to reach for his top shirt button with both hands. David’s eyes lowered to look at her bare breasts, which still had beads of water on them from the shower. As she smiled at him, she undid the button and the one below it. Using her hands across his shoulders, she guided the shirt down his arms exposing his bare chest. The shirt fell to the floor behind him. Her hands went around to his back once again and her breasts contacted his bare chest.
“Well, I suppose it was too wet to wear anyway,” David commented as he gazed into her eyes.
“Aren’t the boxers wet too?” she asked with a wry smile.
“Stephanie, we probably should just get ready for work,” he replied trying to change the subject.
“I wasn’t quite done in the shower. You could join me,” she suggested.
David looked to the side for a moment then closed his eyes.
As he slowly shook his head, he replied “I just need some more time. I mean, you just saw Emily’s ghost in here.”
“I’m okay now Dave. Please join me in the shower,” Stephanie pleaded with him.
“Well okay, but it’ll have to be quick so we can get to work on time,” he finally agreed.
“Great!” she said with her hands already on the elastic of his boxer shorts.
She squatted down to lower the shorts to the floor. After standing up, she reached for his hand to guide him toward the shower. His eyes took in her entire body as they slowly walked together toward the shower. Stephanie stepped into the tub first. David followed her in while still holding onto her hand. Once inside the shower, she drew his hand to her breast. He slowly caressed her breast. Both of her hands went to his buttock. She gently squeezed it as she drew him closer to her naked body. Her supple breasts were against his bare chest again, and he could feel her pubic hair as he was becoming further aroused. After wrapping his arms around her back, he leaned forward to kiss her. She tilted her head back slightly to meet his lips. Both tongues engaged quickly as the passion grew. Stephanie moaned as she leaned her head slightly to the side. Her lips left his and started lowering down the side of his cheek. With her tongue licking his skin, she continued with his neck. David tipped his head back slightly as she kissed and licked his upper chest. With the water from the shower striking his back, he closed his eyes as her lips were in the center of his chest. Her hands were now off of his back. She then kissed his navel, and slightly below it. One of her hands touched his scrotum from underneath. He opened his eyes. Through the droplets cascading down the shower curtain, a dark figure stood just a few inches from the tub. Stunned, David’s eyes widened and his mouth opened.
“Ahhhh!” David yelled in shock from the sight of the specter again.
“Oh my god, what’s wrong?” Stephanie asked looking up toward his face.
“She’s right there,” David replied in a shaky voice staring at Emily.
“Where?” she asked as she started moving her head toward the shower curtain.
“Right by the tub,” he said with his voice still trembling.
As Stephanie was able to turn in time to see Emily, her form quickly backed away and disappeared.
“That’s what I saw before, Dave. That’s it,” Stephanie stated as she started standing up again.
“I never doubted that you saw her. We’ve seen her together before,” he stated.
“Do you think she’ll come back?” She asked looking into his eyes.
“She’s not ready for me to move on yet,” he replied.
“Well, do you want to continue the shower?” she asked in a slightly disappointed voice, apparently knowing his answer.
“I’m sorry Stephanie I just need to get ready for work now. This has been great fun. I want to do this very much, but I still need to work things out before . . . well you know, it goes beyond what I’m ready for at this point,” he replied.
She sighed and said “okay Dave. I understand. Let’s get ready for work then.”
David nodded and replied “thank you Stephanie. I really do appreciate your patience with me.”
“You’re worth it Dave,” she replied with a smile as she pulled the curtain back and began stepping out.
David reached down to turn off the water to the shower.

David held the door as Stephanie walked by with her bag over her shoulder. She turned toward him and reached her hands around his back. He leaned in for the kiss. As their lips met, she opened her mouth enough to put her tongue in his mouth again. At the same time, she lowered her hand and squeezed his buttock. She pulled her face away a few inches.
“I’ll see you at the bank and again tomorrow evening, Dave,” she said letting go of him and turning toward the porch steps.
“Drive safe. I’ll be ready with the grill tomorrow and I’ll see you at the bank,” he replied while he raised his hand to just above waist level to wave.
He watched as she proceeded down the steps to the sidewalk. She entered her car she looked back toward David and waved one more time. He waved as she turned and stepped into the driver’s seat. Once he heard the car start up, he turned and walked back into the foyer. He closed the front door and turned to head back upstairs. As he started up the steps, he could hear creaking floorboards coming from the master bedroom again. He proceeded down the hallway to the bedroom door.
The door was closed, so pushed the door into the room. He walked around the bed toward the book shelf. The chemistry book was still open on the floor in front of him. After kneeling down, he picked up the book.
What struck him this time was that lead was one of the topics discussed on the pages before him. Was Emily trying to tell him that she had been poisoned with lead somehow? She must have known about it, but how did it happen? He did not know the answers. Still puzzled, he closed the book and stood up again. Lifting He set the book in the vacant spot once again. After staring at the binding of the book a few seconds more, he decided to get something to eat before heading to work. He walked toward the door.
Leaving the door open, he made his way downstairs. He reached the hallway by the back door and went into the kitchen. As he entered the kitchen, his pace slowed. The cabinet door was open once again. He approached the open cabinet and looked inside carefully to see what was inside.
Was there something in the cabinet that he should be looking for? Was it another clue from Emily? As he stared intently into the cabinet, he noticed an unoccupied area. Emily’s tea had been in the spot. Where did it go? He had not done anything with it. At least he did not remember throwing it into the trash.
Turning toward the sink, he opened the cabinet below to check the trash. No, he did not see it in the trash. Where did it go? He then remembered that Stephanie had given him the loose tea about six months ago. She had said that it would help Emily relax. She said it was some type of organic decaffeinated loose tea she found at a small local market. Could Emily have taken the tea with her? He thought back to the evening. It took him a minute, but then he remembered she was in the kitchen alone when she got her pan and the bag with the salad items. Could she have hid it in the bag with the salad items? His mind was spinning. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes for a moment. 
If she had taken the tea, then he would likely never know if something, like any lead, was in it. Could the lead have come from something else in the house? Maybe the tea was fine, and maybe he did throw it out himself. There were times from the prior week that still was a blur to him.
Without much definitive information about the tea, he did not want to mention any of this to Stephanie. Nor was he ready to contact Beth from the police department. He then noticed the time, and realized he needed to get something to eat quickly before he left for work. Not having time to make coffee, he decided to get something quick. He turned toward the other side of the kitchen, and reached for an upper cabinet for a box of cereal.

XII

David pushed the back door open, and stepped into the back hallway as he arrived home that evening. Something was rattling in the kitchen. Puzzled, he stepped cautiously toward the open doorway to the kitchen. As he entered the kitchen, he searched around for the source of the rattle. The only thing he could see moving was the tea ball swinging from the brad stuck in the cabinet side.
Why was it swinging? He approached the counter near the swinging ball. As he reached toward the ball, he grasped it to stop it from swinging. Looking at it closely, he remembered it still had some unused tea in it. He then pulled it off of the brad, and stared at it. His eyes closed, and then he closed his hand around the ball.
He could have called detective Hollister to have it analyzed. What if the lead did not come from the tea? Stephanie would likely not forgive him for not trusting her. Then again, maybe there was something wrong with the tea and she new about it. With his eyes still closed, he shook his head not ready to act on it yet. He slowly opened his eyes, and reached for the cabinet where the container of tea had been stored before it vanished. After opening the door, he placed the tea ball inside and closed the door. He inhaled slowly. To get his mind off the tea, he decided to fix himself some dinner.

Later that evening as David lay awake in bed, he was regretting drinking scotch again that evening. He originally thought it might calm him, but afterwards his mind was more confused than it was before he drank it. In an attempt to fall asleep, David closed his eyes and tried to slow his breathing. Doing this did help calm him. With his body comfortable and relaxed, he was close to falling asleep. He could hear a soft creak within the bedroom. It was just loud enough for him to be aware of it, but not enough to open his eyes.
“David,” a female voice whispered to him from nearby.
Startled, he raised his head from the pillow to look around the room. His eyes struggled to focus on anything around him.
“I knew you were unfaithful to me,” whispered the voice he now recognized as Emily’s.
As he looked toward the sound, there was a motionless black figure.
“Emily, is that you?” he asked in a quivering voice, while raising himself to sitting position in the bed.
“Yes David, now that I’m dead you let that tramp into this house,” Emily continued slowly.
“What are you talking about Emily? She was only a coworker and a friend before you died,” he said, trying to explain.
“I’ve seen what you done with her in this house, David. You were unfaithful to me before I died,” she said with a raised voice.
“Honestly Emily, even the thought of doing anything like this with her didn’t happen before this past week,” he explained.
“Oh poor lonely David can’t keep it in his pants right after his wife dies,” she said to mock him.
“Emily it’s not like that. Yes, I’m lonely and that’s why I’m drawn to her, but it did not happen before you died. I swear,” he pleaded with her.
“I think it was you that killed me too,” she stated as the black figure moved closer to the bed.
“It’s time to pay David,” Emily taunted coming closer to the bed her arms outstretched ready to grasp him.
Not wanting to wait around to see if she was serious or not, David quickly slid out of the bed, and turned toward the bedroom door. He hastily made his way to the door. When he reached the closed door, he turned back toward his bed. Emily’s ghost was now facing him, and was getting closer. He then fumbled for the door and pulled it open. Rapidly passing through the opening into the dark hallway, he did not think about the light switch near the doorway until he was several steps down the hall. Feeling with his hands, he found the railing that overlooked the stairway.
Using the railing to guide himself, he walked as fast as he could down the hallway to the top of the stairs. He could hear the floor creaking behind him as he kept walking. When his hand reached the top baluster of the stairway, he decided to look for the light switch. He let go of the baluster, and walked toward the wall at the top of the stairs. Once he felt the wall, he frantically used both hands to feel for the switch. After a few panicked seconds of feeling around the wall, his hand found the switch. He pushed it up, and the lights came on above the stairway.
With the lights illuminating the stairway, he made his way to the first step and began walking down the stairs. As he looked to the walkway, he could see Emily’s ghost midway across the hallway by the railing overlooking the stairs. He continued to hurry down toward the foyer.
“Where are you going David?” Emily asked while reaching the top of the stairs.
“Why are you doing this to me Emily?” he asked, partially turning his head back around to see her.
“It was your fault that I was sick. That’s what made me pass out,” she replied as she started down the stairs.
David stopped when he reached the foyer. He turned to look toward Emily as her gray vaporous form slowly continued down the stairs.
Stunned, David took a moment to reply “Your head hit the coffee table, and I tried to reach you, but couldn’t get to you in time, Emily.”
“You gave me something that made me sick. I had been sick for a long time. I passed out and hit the table from being sick,” she answered.
“Your body had lead in it, but I don’t know where you got it from,” he said.
“See you know what it was that killed me. You did it David,” she said, continuing to come closer.
“You were trying to tell me about the lead by your chemistry book Emily,” he said nervously as Emily started getting closer to him.
“What book?” Emily asked in a puzzled voice.
Surprised by her answer, he slowly replied “your large college chemistry book on the bookshelf in the bedroom.”
There was silence for more than ten seconds.
“I did nothing with that book,” Emily replied as she stopped coming closer to him.
“What about the open kitchen cabinet door? You know the one with the tea in it,” he asked.
“My spirit is not alone in this house David,” she stated in a whisper.
“You need to move on Emily,” a different female voice said from close to the living room opening to his right.
“David has Stephanie now. You’re dead and you need to let them be,” said the voice that David thought sounded like the voice he heard Stephanie talking to the night before.
“Are you Stephanie’s mother, Irene” David asked.
“You remember my name. How sweet,” said Irene sarcastically.
“Why are you in this house still?” He asked.
“I’m looking after my beautiful Stephanie. She needs to be with you,” Irene replied.
“She’s a tramp!” Emily stated in a raised voice.
“How dare you call my sweet daughter that name? You need to leave this house, and let them be together!” Irene yelled across the foyer.
“I don’t want to hurry with Stephanie,” David stated.
“You are ready David, and she will be there for you,” Irene said.
“I’m here for you David!” Emily pleaded with a raised voice.
“You need to leave this house now!” Irene yelled at Stephanie.
Emily’s ghost was silent for several seconds then replied “this is not over.”
Her gray figure slowly faded, and disappeared from near the middle of the stairway.
“Just forget about Emily, David. Stephanie is ready to be with you,” Irene told him as David could hear her ghost approaching him near the front door in the foyer.
David was silent.
“I know what I need to do,” he finally stated.
“You won’t regret it,” she commented, standing about two feet in front of David.
Her form turned transparent then disappeared. David looked vacantly around the foyer. He shook his head slowly a few times then stepped toward the stairs again to return to bed. The house was silent except for his own creaking steps as he made his way to the second floor. Once at the hallway, he went toward the master bedroom again.
Back in the room, he walked to his bedside and got back in. He pulled the covers over himself. After a deep breath, he closed his eyes and tried to get some more sleep before morning.

XIII

Later that evening, David watched through the sidelight next to the front door. Stephanie opened the door of her car and exited it carrying a bag and her purse. As she walked toward the front porch, David could see she was wearing a white blouse and a light blue skirt which ended above the knee. David had planned on using the grill that evening, rather than having her bring the meal again. When she reached the porch steps, he opened the front door. She smiled at him as she approached the open front door.
“Hello Stephanie!” he said to greet her.
“Hi Dave, it should be a nice night for grilling,” she commented as she passed the threshold.
David stood aside and smiled as she entered the foyer. 
“Thanks for bringing the salad, Stephanie,” he said, while she turned around to face him in the foyer.
“Oh I couldn’t let you do everything tonight, Dave,” she said and then smiled at him again.
She removed the purse from over her shoulder and placed it on the table near the stairs. David closed the front door and turned toward her. With the bag of salad still in her hand, she slowly walked up to him, and put her arms around his back. He looked down slightly to look her in the eyes. After closing her eyes, she moved her lips toward his. His hands moved to her back as his eyes closed just before their lips met. With her lips lightly gripping his lower lip, he gently moved his tongue to her upper lip. Her hand lowered to his buttock again. David’s hands remained on her back. The bag of salad lightly struck the back of his leg. She squeezed him buttock. After pulling her lip away from his face, she looked at him and smiled.
“Are you ready to get the grill going?” she asked.
“I know where I can find fire at least,” he replied with a smile.
“So all I need to do is touch the charcoal?” she asked.
“That’ll do it,” he replied.
“Let’s put this stuff in the kitchen, and get the fire going then,” she stated.
“You know the way,” he said while loosening his grip on her back and turning toward the sitting room.
Stephanie let go of David and led him through the sitting room toward the kitchen. With David following behind her, she entered the kitchen. She then set the bag with the salad on the counter and turned toward David.
“Notice anything strange?” he asked.
“Not yet, but let me look around,” she said, starting to focus on things in the kitchen. After she completely turned around, she looked back at David a bit puzzled.
“So far I don’t see anything different. I give up,” she said.
“The cabinet door,” he stated, looking toward the door that had frequently been opened.
“Oh it’s not open now,” she replied as she looked at the door.
“Right and why do you think that is?” he asked with his voice getting slightly serious.
“You fixed the hinges?” she answered a bit confused.
He shook his head and replied “no, something is no longer in the cabinet.”
Stephanie was quiet and her eyes shifted from David. He could hear her exhale.
“Was something pushing the door open?” she asked a bit nervously as her hand rose to touch her hair.
“I think you know what was in there Stephanie,” he stated.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“The tea, Stephanie. The tea you gave me for Emily to drink was in there,” he said with his voice slightly louder.
She looked to the side again. After another deep breath, she replied “I took it back for myself. You told me you didn’t drink tea Dave.”
“I don’t think you were going to drink it Stephanie,” he commented.
“Sure I will,” she replied touching her hair again.
“Not that tea you wouldn’t,” he replied.
“Why would you say that David?” she asked as her voice began to crack slightly.
“There was lead in the tea Stephanie. You put it in there,” he said with a raised voice.
“You are just saying that. There wasn’t any tea here any more,” she said.
“Not quite, there was some left in a tea ball. I gave it to the police this morning. They called me this afternoon with the results. It had lead in it, Stephanie. The tea you gave to me for Emily had lead in it!” he said almost yelling at her.
“Dave I can explain,” she pleaded with him.
“You poisoned Emily! You were trying to kill her! How could you do that?” he asked with his eyes glaring at her.
Stephanie looked at him in the eyes. Her lips were quivering.
“I want to be with you, Dave. I want to be in this house again,” she replied almost in a whisper.
“You could be happy with almost any guy Stephanie. You are beautiful, outgoing, and have many other things that would make a guy happy. Why did you have to destroy what I had?” he asked with a raised voice.
“You can still be happy with me Dave. I love you. I want to be with you,” she pleaded with tears starting to come down her face.
“I just don’t understand you, Stephanie. Where did you get this lead stuff to put in the tea?” he asked.
Stephanie looked away from him again. While staring at the floor, she folded her arms.
“Um . . . I found it years ago in this house. It was in the crawlspace. I didn’t know what it was, but my mother told me to keep it. She thought I might use it when I got older,” she explained still looking at the floor.
“Your mother was aware of you having the poison?” he asked puzzled.
“Yes, she knew how to use it too. She told me what I needed to do,” she explained as she briefly looked toward David.
“And you didn’t think that was wrong?” he asked.
“David nobody has to know. We can be together now. I love you David,” she said looking him in the eyes.
He stared at her for a few seconds the slowly said “Others do know.”
“Who did you tell Dave? Who did you tell?” she asked with a bewildered stare.
“I know Stephanie,” said a female voice from the back hallway by the back door.
“Do you have someone else Dave? Who is this?” she asked while she looked at him not understanding what was happening.
“Miss Geiger, I’m Detective Beth Hollister from the Pleasant Ridge Police Department,” the woman said stepping into the kitchen from the back hall.
Detective Hollister was wearing plain clothes, but had a police badge hanging from her waist. Her right hand was on the butt of her pistol still in the holster.
“No! How could you Dave! How could you!” Stephanie screamed toward David.
“Ma’am, you are under arrest for the attempted murder of Emily Sutton,” Detective Hollister stated while starting to approach Emily.
“No! I didn’t do anything!” Stephanie screamed toward Detective Hollister.
“You just confessed that you did Miss Geiger. I heard it myself,” Detective Hollister replied.
“Will you go voluntarily or do I need to put the cuffs on you?” Detective Hollister asked Stephanie.
Stephanie looked past Detective Hollister for a moment, but did not answer.
“Your choice Miss Geiger,” Detective Hollister said as she started reaching for the set of handcuffs attached to her belt.
“No! Leave her alone!” a new female voice said.
A dark mass struck Detective Hollister from behind and pushed her violently to the floor. David and Stephanie where stunned as Detective Hollister lay motionless on the floor.
“Mom, why did you do that?” Stephanie yelled at the dark figure standing over Detective Hollister.
“Nobody hurts my Stephanie,” Irene said slowly.
“Mother, I’ll probably get blamed for attacking her too now. You just keep getting me into trouble!” Stephanie said to Irene with a raised voice.
“You killed me Stephanie! You need to pay,” stated a new female voice that David recognized as Emily’s.
“Emily, do you see that it wasn’t me now?” David asked Emily’s form entering from the dining room.
“It was all her David. I forgive you,” Emily said as she approached David.
“I told you to leave this house Emily! You are dead and David loves Stephanie!” Irene said trying to break into the conversation.
Her ghost approached Emily’s ghost near the doorway to the dining room.
“No Irene, it’s time for you to leave this house!” said a male voice from the back hallway and behind Irene.
“This has nothing to do with you, Oliver,” Irene stated, while her head turned slightly back toward Oliver. She then returned her glare toward Emily.
“You poisoned Harriet, didn’t you?” Oliver asked.
Irene was silent. David could see Detective Hollister stirring slightly on the ground.
“Emily here had the same type of symptoms that Harriet had,” Oliver said.
“You even had Stephanie use the same poison that you gave to Harriet,” Oliver continued.
Detective Hollister was able to sit up on the floor. Her head darted around to assess what was happening around her. Another dark figure loomed in the dining room behind Emily’s ghost.
“You were always much happier with me than you ever were with Harriet, Oliver,” Irene said to Oliver.
“How can you say that? I never stopped loving Harriet. I’m sure that David here will not stop loving Emily either,” Oliver stated.
“That’s very true,” David added.
“No Dave, you love me more, right?” Stephanie pleaded, her voice cracking again.
David just shook his head from side to side with his lips pressed tightly together, as he looked at her. He was bewildered by her actions.
“Irene, weren’t you pregnant when you married Oliver?” David asked.
“She was,” Oliver turned to Irene and asked “was that how you assured that we would be together?”
“I didn’t force you to love me, did I?” Irene asked.
David then realized that Stephanie had the same plan in mind for him.
“Get out,” Oliver said then followed with “you are no longer welcome in this house Irene and Stephanie.”
“Dad, you can’t mean me too?” Stephanie asked puzzled.
“You need to go with this fine detective here Stephanie,” Oliver stated.
“Don’t you love me either?” she asked with her lips quivering.
“I cannot forgive you mother, but since she heavily influenced your actions I will hold judgment for now. You must pay for your actions. That is why you need to turn yourself into this detective,” Oliver replied.
Stephanie was silent. Her face was sullen and she looked toward the floor.
“As for you Irene, you know where you will be going,” Oliver said in a calm voice.
“What do you mean dear?” Irene asked.
“For you, there’s one option once you leave this house. I assure you it will not be pleasant,” he said.
“I’m not going to leave!” Irene yelled back to Oliver behind her.
“Yes you will!” Oliver yelled back as his ghost lunged at Irene’s ghost, grasping her from behind and pulling her back.
She screamed as he maneuvered her toward the rear door. Her vaporous form flailed wildly as she fought to break free from Oliver’s grip. With a forceful push, he thrust her through the rear door of the house, which remained closed. Her screams went silent. She was gone. Detective Hollister pushed herself up from the floor. Emily came closer to David, and the ghost from the living room started to approach Oliver whose ghost was entering the kitchen once again.
“Mister Sutton, you have quite the strange house,” Detective Hollister said as she raised herself to stand in the kitchen again.
“I didn’t believe in ghosts before tonight, but I may have to rethink that a bit,” Detective Hollister continued.
“Are you okay, Beth?” David asked.
“Oh probably a few bruises, but I’ll be fine. Thanks,” Detective Hollister replied.
“That’s a relief. You were down for a few minutes there,” David commented.
“Well, I’m back now,” Detective Hollister said as she reached for the handcuffs again.
“Okay Miss Geiger, you will need to come with me now. Do I need to use the handcuffs?” 
Stephanie stared blankly for a moment then slowly shook her head and whispered “no.”
Stephanie looked at David with a look that was hoping for forgiveness. She saw none in David’s eyes. He blankly stared at her as Detective Hollister put her hand on Stephanie’s shoulder and started to guide her to the dining room on the way to the front door. She had parked several doors down to avoid being seen by Stephanie earlier.
As they passed through the dining room, she started to recite “Stephanie, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law . . .”
Her voice was muffled as she entered the foyer. David could hear the front door opening. It closed a few seconds later. Stephanie was gone.
As the female ghost from the dining room came to Oliver’s side she asked “You didn’t have anything to do with my poisoning, did you?”
“No Harriet, I never would have left you if you were alive,” Oliver replied.
“Like Emily here believed that David had something to do with her poisoning, I thought you did up until now,” Harriet said as she put her arm on his shoulder.
“I just can’t believe all those years with Irene were such a lie and that she led my own daughter to do the same to another couple. David and Emily, I wish I’d seen all of this earlier so that it wouldn’t happen to you,” Oliver’s ghost said as his gray face looked toward David and Emily who were now close to each other.
“You didn’t know, Oliver. I know you would have helped if you did. It was not your doing,” David said looking toward Oliver and Harriet’s ghosts.
“Oliver and Harriet, you are together again. You should be free now that the truth is known,” Emily said to them.
Oliver and Harriet looked at each other and reached out their ghostly arms toward each other.
“She’s right, dear. We can move on now. There’s nothing keeping us here,” Oliver said to Harriet.
“It’s their house now. We should go,” Harriet agreed.
“Well, can someone answer who was helping me figure out what was going on? I mean like the book and the kitchen cabinet door,” David asked.
“That was me, David. I started to figure things out, but was not strong enough to tell you what was happening. I could sneak a few clues here and there,” Harriet said turning toward David.
“What kept you from telling me?” David asked.
“Irene was able to prevent me from doing too much around here. Also you probably would not have believed a ghost if one told you Stephanie had poisoned Emily,” Harriet answered.
David slowly nodded his head and replied “Yeah, you’re probably right about that, but thank you for the clues. I’m glad you two are together again.”
Oliver and Harriet looked at each other again.
“We are too,” Oliver said to her.
“Let’s leave now dear,” Harriet request.
“Okay we’ll leave together,” he said while he started to turn toward the back hallway.
The two walked together from the kitchen into the hallway. As they went deeper into the room, their figures began to fade and then disappeared. David and Emily’s ghost were alone in the house.
“At least you are still with me, Emily,” David commented looking toward Emily’s ghost.
Emily’s gray figure lowered her head for a moment.
“David, I’m no longer alive. I can really no longer be with you, at least in this life,” she said to him.
David paused a moment as he tried to understand what she had said.
“You feel you need to leave?” he asked her.
“I’m afraid so. As much as I love you, it can never be the same. As wrong as Stephanie was to you, I did see that it would be possible for you to move on,” she replied.
“Well I know I’ll definitely need more time. Trusting someone will be a big problem for me for a while now,” David said, continuing to look toward her.
“Trust yourself, David. You will know when it’s right,” she commented.
“I hope so Emily. I sure hope so,” he replied, closing his eyes for a moment.
“I just cannot stay here any more,” she said.
David took a deep breath the replied “I just feel like I’ll be losing you again now.”
“I’ll wait for you, when the time comes,” she commented slowly.
Since he was starting to choke up, he did not reply at that moment.
“Okay Emily,” he was finally able to whisper.
“I love you David,” she said.
Coming closer, she leaned into kiss him. The touch of her kiss was more like a light breath on his lips than a kiss from a living person, but he knew it was her. He opened his eyes as she slowly started to move away.
“I love you Emily. I always will,” he said as her ghost slowly moved toward the back hall.
“Goodbye David, I will see you again,” she said.
She turned and passed through the doorway. Her ghost became more transparent as she continued to move farther away from him. Then she was gone. David’s mouth was agape as the evenings events started to settle in to his mind. First he had lost Emily then he lost Stephanie. Now he had lost Emily one more time. David realized he was alone again.

###



About the Author
John T. Gaffield is an automotive engineer in southeast Michigan with a wife and two children. He published his first novel, "Heir to Winston Manor," in October 2010 as an ebook. "Heir to Winston Manor" is story of a large haunted house set on the west coast of Michigan. John’s second ebook, "The Wahl House Curse," set in mid-Michigan, was published in January 2011. John’s third full length horror novel, “Alone Again,” was completed in fall 2011. Please note: some of these novels may not be available while they are being re-edited.

John also has several short stories available, some of which are free (in North American).

John uses his past memories and his local knowledge combined with his engineering sense of detail to create realistic ghost stories. He has an interest in ghost stories and creepy old haunted houses.

Other eBook Titles by John T. Gaffield:

NOVELS
Heir to Winston Manor

The Wahl House Curse

SHORT STORIES
Slow Down

The Ghost of Birch River Cabin

Winter Visitor

Denning Swamp

The Haunting of the Charles F. Campton

Disconnect

Connect with me online:

http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4548666.John_Gaffield


