




An Unexpected Evil

by
Pernell Rogers

Copyright © 2018 by Anthony Pernell Rogers
All rights reserved. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations
Chapter 1 - The Fox and the Hounds

Billy Capello stood in the darkness of a filthy abandoned apartment he happened to find, his teeth gnawed at the fingernails on his left hand, nipping off tiny tidbits that he spat aside, while the forefinger and middle finger of his right hand flicked against one another with a steady rhythm. His head swiveled right, then he dragged his feet across the dusty wooden floor until he stopped at the soot-encrusted window. Outside, the rain had passed, leaving the streets barren and looking somewhat dry, just a few puddles spread about illuminated by streetlights.

Now would be a good time to leave, but he’d made that same assumption in the past. Looks could be deceiving, and tonight he couldn’t afford to be deceived. It was one of the few times he wished he’d never started smoking. Satisfying his nicotine craving would be terribly risky, and if he wasn’t careful, it could be life-threatening. Charlie had warned him what would happen if he didn’t get his money. Why didn’t he listen? 

But he also knew he couldn’t stay cooped up in there forever—not with the cravings struggling inside his body. He ambled back toward the sagging couch ready to take a seat and will his cravings away, but knew it wouldn’t work. He had to get out. Maybe he would be lucky this time and wouldn’t be seen. Hell, he'd found this empty apartment tonight by dumb luck and hadn't been spotted. Maybe there was a little more luck left around, just for him.

It would be a quick trip—just a couple of blocks down the street to the neighborhood smoke shop. He’d already scoped the streets the last couple of hours. There had been little movement, and there were hardly any cars parked on the road, with only two or three driving by. This could be his chance to go, he thought as his hand patted his pocket, ensuring his cash was handy. His outstretched arm grasped the doorknob, and he turned it slowly. The apartment door whined as it opened. He held his breath and inched his head into the hallway.

The hallway was just as dark as the apartment, and with each measured step, he picked up on every shadow and strand of light. He reached the stairwell and leaned over the railing. The stairs were empty, but they were prone to creak.

His heart hammered as he questioned why he kept putting himself in tough situations. First, it was the gambling, then the smoking. Both were hurtling him to his demise if he didn't straighten out. Supporting both habits had their own risks, and he chose to take those risks. The big payoff he expected in the end never looked so distant, and now it looked impossible.

He blended into the wall’s shadow as he stood in the front doorway on the bottom floor, peering out through the door's plate-glass window. Slowly, he eased his head toward the glass, allowing a single eye to scan the street outside. The old apartments across the street were just as dark except for a few lights shining through ragged pulled-down shades. The road remained empty, and he had to move now, slowing so he didn’t attract attention. 

He slid out the door and down the short flight of concrete steps. Just his luck, all the streetlights were lit, but their yellowish hue kept the street darkened. His strides were long and deliberate, and his head swiveled left to right and back again. Just buy a pack of smokes, then hightail it back to the apartment before being spotted. The chilly air forced him to bundle his brown jacket tight to his body. 

The lights from the corner smoke shop illuminated the sidewalk, and for the first time that day, his heart didn’t feel like it was being squeezed. He patted his pocket once again. His cash was ready. Just a few more yards, get the smokes, then head back. 

Shadows shifted across the street.

He stopped and stared. Could it be a shade flapping from the brisk wind? He wasn’t sure, but something wasn’t right. 

Something in the shape of a bent arm jutted from the shadows. That was no shade. He wasn’t alone on the street anymore. Shaken, he scrambled back toward the apartment building. Behind him, a legion of hurried footsteps followed. 

The footsteps were getting closer. There was no way he was going to make it back to the apartment. Up ahead was an unfamiliar alley between two brownstones, and with any luck, it would lead to the street on the other side. He turned the corner and hauled ass through the alley, splashing through scattered puddles, his socks absorbing the cold rain water. His heart dropped when, up ahead, a massive, wet cinderblock wall stood, blocking his way. On either side of him were rows of massive, rain-slicked metal trash containers that smelled as if they hadn’t been emptied in a month. Old plastic garbage bags and soggy, loose rubbish sat at their bases, acting as guardians. The only thing to do was hide, but Charlie’s minions would eventually catch up to him.

His life had become an hourglass, and the sand was running out, grains slipping away. Nothing would stop Charlie’s men from finding him. He pinned his back against an old metal door embedded in the brownstone, and with nowhere to run, he stood as still as he could, shivering from the frigid air seeping beneath his jacket and through his T-shirt. His toes were numb from running through Brooklyn’s rain-soaked puddles, and now they were soaked in a disgusting pool of freezing runoff water. Before he could catch his breath, the clouds opened once again. Could things get any worse?

His eyes were glued on the sheen covering the rain-soaked alley, a product of the streetlights situated near the alley's entrance. He trembled but didn’t know if it was from the cold or fright. Maybe it was both. What will they do to me? Will it be a slow death or something so quick I won’t have time to react? What will it feel like to be dead? His whole life was in shambles, and it didn’t have to be that way, but it was the way he had gambled with it, but this time, he was going to lose much more than the money Charlie had spotted him.

His eyes beheld the first shadow, and then, one by one, three more shadows appeared and grew larger as they neared him. His Adam’s apple pulsed, his mouth was a desert, and he was sweating despite the cold. On top of it all, he had to pee, bad. “God help me,” he prayed to himself as he tried his best to blend his thin body into the door. His mind drifted back to his death scenarios, which scared him more than dying itself. Would it be two bullets, ‘tap-tap,’ into the back of the head? Would they humiliate him and tell him to fall to his knees and beg for mercy before they pointed the barrel at his forehead and squeezed the trigger? Maybe, just maybe, if they weren’t in much of a hurry, and since there were no witnesses, deep stab wounds might be the way to do away with him. He didn’t want the pain to last any length of time. He wished he had paid back the five large in the two weeks as he’d promised.

The boxing match he gambled Charlie’s money on was supposed to be a sure thing. He'd known the boxer, the trainer, and the ref. How ‘Tugboat’ Harrison had let that wimpy, no-talent Kenny Culligan knock him out in the sixth round was too coincidental, and he was sure he'd been set up. But it was too late now. Charlie didn’t care about the fight, only about his cash. Billy was a sucker, and now he was about to get his comeuppance.

Footsteps splashed in the alley’s puddles. His heart thumped faster. Would he ever see his silky-haired Constance again and what would happen to her once he was gone? Would Charlie send his gang after her? She had a gun, but would she be able to use it against them? She had warned him time and time again about his gambling, that one day it would get him into more trouble than he could afford. Now, her haunting words had come true. She believed he could do much better.  He had a problem, but he also believed he was lucky. The lure of easy money had always called to him like a desperate lover.

It didn’t matter now. His chest rose and settled like bellows igniting a hearth as he shivered, this time not from the cold but fear.

Four thugs appeared in front of him. Trapped, he began speaking with his most pleasant voice and tried being cordial, but he couldn’t stop it from wavering. Not a single smile crossed any of their damp faces. They were purpose-driven and silent. Pleas for his life spilled from his mouth without any forethought. He clasped his hands together, praying to his oppressors to give him a break. 

Something dark rushed from the shadows to his left.

There was a bright flash and a burst of pain. He was on the ground, breathless. He had barely inhaled before his eyes caught a glimpse of their shadows closing in. This was it.

Blinding light accompanied each blow to the head and face. Their pointed shoes felt like dull knives attacking his back and sides. Disgusting rainwater splashed into his mouth as he writhed on the ground. One of them lifted him back up like a storefront dummy and socked him square in the gut. Air exploded from his body, and he lurched forward. His insides imploded. Fists battered his back, and stabbing pains shot through his rib cage. Trying to catch his breath was a lost cause. His end was near. He coughed up something that tasted as bad as it smelled. Then his legs were swept from beneath him, and he slammed onto his back. Someone gripped his right leg and held it down tightly. He had no more strength to struggle. His entire body throbbed as though he’d just been tossed from a window down onto the street below. He heard a sharp snap and let out a shriek. His world darkened as he drowned in a sea of pain. His brain blossomed into wildfire, but through it all his ears picked up a second snap, and he prayed someone would just ‘tap-tap’ his head.

Billy’s world went dark.

Luck Has a Name

When Billy’s eyelids fluttered open, he squinted from the bright fluorescent light bulbs above. Soon, a series of strange, soft sounds caught his attention. As he turned toward the noise, a stabbing pain ripped through the base of his head and spread into his neck and shoulders. He winced, then stopped to catch his breath. 

He reopened his eyes and gazed upon an ominous assortment of monitoring equipment, then his eyes shifted toward the IV bag suspended on a chrome-plated pole next to the stack of equipment with clear fluid dripping into a long, thin tube. The thick curtains surrounding his bed were drawn tight. The flat-screen monitor atop the equipment rotated through a series of numbers he didn’t understand. 

He wasn't dead, but still alive and in a hospital. He prepped himself to turn his head back to the right. He squeezed his eyes shut and tensed his muscles. Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! He grunted as his head moved. 

Once the pain subsided, he opened his eyes again. A small rollaway table sat just at the edge of the bed and it would have been great to see some food sitting on top. His stomach grumbled for nourishment. Behind the table hung a white nylon curtain supported on rail-like tracks. It hurt like hell to turn his head, but he had to see what other damage was done to his body. He lifted himself onto his elbows to get a glimpse and regretted it.

He gritted his teeth, winced, then flopped back down and released a groan that reached both heaven and hell. His ribcage felt like it was splitting, and the pain he’d initiated wouldn’t stop. Its insidious arms reached from the depths of his chest and triggered every nerve ending down to his legs and feet. With each pant, the pain intensified and a subtle haze gathered in his head. He fought not losing consciousness keeping his eyes shut and gaining full control of his breathing, but he didn’t have a chance in hell at winning the battle. In a matter of seconds, he was out.

*****

Billy opened his eyes, a guy with stringy brown hair wearing a white lab coat stood over him, clipboard in hand. From what he could tell, the guy was much too young to be a doctor unless he was some Doogie Howser clone.

“Hey, you. Hey, can you get me something for the pain? I’m hurting all over,” he muttered. 

“Hello, Mr. Capello. I’ll let your doctor know you need pain medication. Let me jot down these numbers first.”

“What do those numbers mean, anyway? Am I going to be okay?”

From the expressionless look on the guy's face, he wasn’t going to get the truth.

“I really can’t say. Only the doctor can tell you that. Would you like to speak to him when he’s available?”

“Sure. I wanna speak to him. Say, where am I and how did I get here?”

“I’ll let the doctor give you that information.”

“Gee, thanks.”

What a pant load! The guy knew something, but the damn hospital protocol came first.  All Billy wanted to know was if he was going to recover. Hell, he was glad he'd even woke up from his savage beatdown at all. Eventually, the man smiled at him and left the room. Good riddance. Billy laid there trying not to fidget too much, but pain pulsed all over his body. He waited for the doctor, each passing minute feeling like an hour. 

More than a half hour later, the door to Billy’s room opened, and in stepped a man in his mid-fifties wearing black-framed glasses, a bushy gray mustache, and carrying the clipboard. Behind him was the first man, carrying a tray of something he didn’t recognize. Billy barely moved his head as the older guy stepped closer to the bed. He heard the other man set the tray on the rollaway table.

“Hello, Billy. I’m Dr. Kline. How are you feeling?”

“Well, Doc, I’d be feeling much better if you could make all this damn pain go away. I feel like a used tennis ball from the last matches at Wimbledon.”

“All right, Billy. Let me up your dosage of morphine a bit,” the doctor said as he reached for the IV monitor next to Billy’s bedside. 

“Morphine? Did you say morphine? Aw, Doc, don’t be stingy. I’m hurtin’ real bad. Why don’t you double…no, triple the dosage?”

“I don’t think so, Billy. That just may kill you.”

“Yeah, but what a way to go!” Billy said, a smile crossed his face.

The doctor inserted the needle into one end of a Y-shaped tubes at the base of the IV bag and pressed the plunger. Billy wanted to see the liquid enter his veins, but it was colorless. Seconds later, his arm stiffened as a chill ran up toward his shoulder with fantastic speed. He held his breath, anticipating and fearing what was to happen next. As if a switch had been flipped, Billy felt himself perched at the edge of ecstasy. It tickled each time he blinked, and it made him smile.

“Billy, how do you feel now?”

“Oh, great, Doc. Just great.”

“Good. That should last a nice long while. You may even fall back asleep.”

“Damn, I sure hope not. Dis is too good to waste,” he said, slurring his words. "Hey, Doc, can I get some wadder? My radiator is bone dry.”

“Sure.” The doctor looked at the male nurse and said, “Jeffrey, bring the patient a cup of water and be sure to get a straw.”

“Yes, Doctor.”

“Gee, thanks, Doc. Hey, where am I, and am...am I going to be okay?” Billy’s head was swimming in a morphine-shrouded sea of sunshine, but he stayed coherent.

“You’re in Brooklyn Hospital. Apparently, some homeless people found you laying in an alley. You were beat up pretty bad.”

“Yeah, those boys worked me over really good. I don’t remember anything after that.”

“An ambulance brought you here Tuesday night.”

“What's today?”

“Friday.”

“What?” Billy tried to sit up, but not even the morphine could numb the pain. “Aww, Doc. Damn, that hurt.”

“Try to lay still, Billy. You were pretty banged up; seven ribs were cracked, both shins were fractured in multiple places, and there’s a hairline fracture of your left upper arm. You’re going to be with us a while.”

“Dat’s all they did? Gee, why didn’t dey just take my dick and call it a day? Where’s that wadder?”

Just then, Jeffrey returned with the water and placed the straw in Billy’s mouth.

The doctor resumed speaking. “Billy, the fractures in your shins were severe. You were lucky none of the sharp ends ruptured your arteries. We had you in surgery that first night and reset your bones. For them to heal properly, we used a bone graft on both legs.”

Billy frowned. “Hey, where did you get the bone stuff from? You didn’t take one of my ribs, did you?”

“No, nothing like that. We keep a supply of ground cadaver bones for difficult procedures.”

Billy’s eyes widened. “Cadaver bone? Like bones from dead people?” His slurring disappeared.

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Aw, you’re jokin', Doc, right? You’re tellin’ me my leg bones are being held together with dead people?”

“Yes, they are.”

Billy’s head began to wobble. “I can’t catch any diseases from those dead people, can I? I mean, I won’t see any side effects.”

“Trust me, my boy, it was the only way we could save your legs.”

“All right, Doc. I guess it’s too late now anyway. Gee, I’m starting to get sleepy. I don’t want to sleep through this incredible buzz.”

“That’s just what I want you to do, Billy, so your bones can start to mend themselves.”

“Damn! What a colossal waste.” Billy’s eyes slowly shut, and the doctor led Jeffrey from the room with the tray.

*****

Every day since his doctor’s first visit, Billy wondered if something was wrong with his legs. 

He’d stare down at his two white casts whenever the strange tingling sensation started. On more than one occasion, he had brought it to the attention of Dr. Kline, but the good doctor’s expression never changed and neither did his message. Each time, the doctor told him the tingling was due to his bones healing, but Billy knew better. How could you feel your bones mending themselves? What type of answer was that? 

When he was fifteen, he'd fallen off his bike and broken his right arm. All the time it was confined in the cast, the only uncomfortable feeling he suffered from was when his skin started itching and he couldn’t reach in there to scratch it. Feeling the bone heal? What a ridiculous answer. He was no fool, and he wondered if the good doctor, with his stoic demeanor, was keeping something from him.

But that wasn’t the only thing strange thing about his hospital stay. For the past week, as he'd laid on his back wishing he could leave that place, a reoccurring nightmare had visited him every night: he was on a mission inside some small, dark store, carrying a gun, but that was all he could really remember after he woke. Why was he having the same dream and what did it mean? He wasn’t that tough, and he didn’t own a gun. If he had had the balls to own a gun, Charlie’s boys would have been history, and he wouldn’t be confined to that damn hospital bed with tingling legs.

One day, during the last half of his second week in the hospital, he woke to see his sweetheart, Constance, sitting at his bedside. Her angelic face, with lovely hazel eyes, high cheekbones, and silky raven hair, dissipated any anxiety he held onto. When she smiled, life flooded the room, immediately elevating his mood. She was his drug, his Novocain. Not once did she say, ‘I told you so.’ It was like she already knew that he knew. Their conversation started slowly and then she leaned over the bed and gave him a deep kiss, letting her soft hair fall onto his face and neck. He longed to hold her, inhaling the sweet perfume he loved: Obsession. In his olfactory daze, he accidentally moved his broken arm, winced, and then released a small moan. The stabbing pain whisked him from the gates of heaven back down to reality.

She leaned back and gazed at the cast on his arm as concern consumed her face. He managed a small smile through the pain to reassure her that he was all right, and she took her seat. He longed for her to be closer, but his body wasn’t ready yet. 

She muttered she’d seen a nurse friend of hers, Rebecca Townsend, down at the reception desk on his floor. He watched her nose crinkle when he mentioned the morbid details of the cadaver bone used to repair his legs. He wanted to laugh at her expression but contained it, and instead asked if her receptionist friend could find out the source of the material. Constance raised her eyebrows at the unusual request.

Seconds ticked away as she continued staring with questioning eyes. He pulled his eyes away from her face and looked down at his legs. Then opened his mouth and let the truth flood out. 

With sorrow in his voice, he said, “Constance, this is the first time I’ve ever even heard of a procedure like this. I just really want to know where the bone material came from because I think it’s causing me to have the worst recurring nightmare I’ve ever had.”

His eyes returned to her face. Her eyebrows had fallen, and she presented a small smile. His request was quite unusual, but it was based on curiosity. She loved it whenever he took his head away from street life and shifted it toward anything slightly educational. She nodded, rose from her chair and kissed him on the forehead. Her hair and perfume consumed him once more, and he shut his eyes, allowing himself to be swept away again. She stepped out of the room, leaving the door partially open.

Once she was gone, he stared up at the ceiling and began contemplating why he thought the doctor was keeping something from him. Had it been his robotic demeanor when he'd entered the room the first time? Sure, he was soft spoken, but he hadn't mentioned anything sinister. Was it the fact that the doctor had explained the procedure for his legs? He'd never heard of doctors telling their patients they used cadaver bones to help them get better. Maybe Billy was just plain scared of having something foreign in his body. He supposed if he knew where the bone material came from, he could make up his mind if it was related to his recurring dream.

After ten minutes, Constance tapped softly on the door and entered. He took her inquisitive look to mean she’d gotten the information. She moved slowly to the chair beside his bed and pulled it close before sitting down, swinging her hair away from her face as she sat back. With such dramatic gestures, he thought she’d discovered something good. She gripped his hand and moved closer. He moved his head back a bit. 

In a casual voice, she whispered that the bone graft material was acquired from death row inmates who had donated their bodies to science. 

His heart sank, and a cold chill rolled over him.

Just then, someone else rapped on Billy’s door then pushed it open. He didn’t recognize the guy standing there, and goosebumps sprang forth. It had to be another of Charlie’s gang coming to finish off the job. This time, both him and Constance would get it. He couldn’t breathe. The guy’s steely stare was like a shark’s; no blinking and unflinching. Then the guy spoke.

“Billy. Billy Capello?”

“Y…yes. Who are you? What do you want?” Billy could feel Constance’s hands turn cold.

“I’m Detective Ryan Winters. I heard about what happened to you. Looks like Charlie’s gang worked you over pretty good.” He reached in his pocket as he stepped inside the room and flashed his badge to Billy and Constance.

“How did you know about Billy?” Constance asked.

“I’ve been trying to get Charlie and his gang for a long time. One of the nurses down at the reception desk keeps me informed.”

“Do you mean Rebecca?” Constance screeched.

“Yeah. Do you know her?”

“Yes. We’ve been friends for a long time.” Then she turned and stared down at Billy and asked, “Did Charlie and his gang do this to you? Were you in trouble with him?” Billy didn’t answer. “Come on, Billy. Talk to me. We both know Charlie was behind this. How much money did you owe him?” Billy turned away. “If Charlie did this, tell the detective. He can arrest them for assault or something.” Billy didn’t flinch.

“All right. All I’m trying to do is help you,” Detective Winters said, his voice bathed in disappointment. “Since you're not gonna help me get him off the streets, he’ll be out there once you’re healed, and if you still owe him money, he’s gonna come after you again only this time you might not live through it. Come on, Billy. Help me out.”

Billy turned his gaze to Constance, then gave a defiant eye to Detective Winters. The detective dropped his head, turned, and stepped out of the room. Billy could see disappointment embedded in Constance’s face.

Hell’s Calling

Many weeks later, after his wounds had healed, Constance let Billy move into her apartment in the city, and, since he was a capable cook, he spent much of his time in the kitchen preparing her dinner while she was at work. Wednesday night, after an enjoyable lighthearted supper, they retired to her living room to binge on one of their favorite shows: How to Get Away with Murder. She lay snuggled under his arm as he sat back with his feet propped up on the coffee table. It was one of the few times she let him get away with such a bad habit. He hadn’t heard from Charlie since his goons had worked him over, and, oddly enough, he never gave them a second thought anymore. Tonight it was all about spending time with his sweetheart, especially since she had the next day off from work. He owed her that much, and more. 

That night Billy and Constance enjoyed a nice romp between the sheets and then both drifted off to sleep.

Billy woke early Thursday morning, sweating and panting. He’d had the nightmare again. He glanced over at Constance. She shifted positions but didn’t wake up. Then he felt it again—the tingling in his legs which he hadn’t felt since he’d left the hospital. 

He laid back down and faced the clock. Its second hand swept past the numbers at a steady pace and watching the minutes pass by eventually put him back to sleep.

Friday, Billy reveled at how well Constance treated him since his homecoming. She even bought him a new brown windbreaker since his old coat was destroyed. To pay her back for all her support and affection, he stayed out of trouble and stopped gambling, at least for the time being. His urge for a quick buck had been lost while he was laid up in the hospital, and earlier in the week he’d found an excellent little side job slinging fish in a fish market off Clarkson Avenue that would bring in enough money to put down on his hospital bills.

That afternoon, while sitting on the couch eating a grilled cheese sandwich, Constance's home phone rang. He wiped his greasy fingers on a napkin and looked to see who was calling. The number was unfamiliar, but he answered it anyway. 

“Billy boy, how are you? How are you feeling?”

“F-Fine, considering,” Billy answered, recognizing Charlie’s voice.

“Ah, that’s good. I’m glad you’re okay.” Billy was taken aback, then listened further. “Billy, I think I have a soft spot for you. Don’t ask me why, but I do. When are you gonna get me my five Gs?” 

Billy’s hands became sweaty, and his voice became nonexistent; his lungs were paralyzed. 

“Billy? Billy, are you still there? You’d better be. When are you gonna bring me my damn MONEY?”

Billy squeaked, “I’ll g-g-get it to you t-t-tomorrow,” knowing full well that there was no way in hell he was going to have Charlie’s money that soon, but what was he going to do? If Charlie’s men made a reappearance, they would be the last people he’d ever see. He wanted to hang up and run far away but dared not to. 

Charlie's voice dropped to a whisper. “Look here, Billy boy. You have until 6 p.m. tomorrow. Got it?”

The phone slammed down, and he pulled the receiver from his ear. Five thousand dollars in twenty-four hours. He wanted—no, needed a plan, but couldn’t put together a coherent thought. His eyes darted all around Constance’s apartment, searching for anything that could help him, but found nothing. His world collapsed once again.

Billy lifted his head when he realized that Charlie had called Constance’s home phone number. How had he gotten her number, and how had Charlie known he was there? He hopped from the couch and approached the window that faced the street below. With his back to the wall, he leaned over and peeked. On the street, cars cruised by, and the few passersby paid no attention to anything above their heads. Across the street, he saw no one standing in the doorways spying on him with binoculars. He turned his attention to the other brownstones and apartments across the street. He could only see reflections in the glass, which could easily hide prying eyes. If he stayed, he could put Constance in danger and he wouldn’t allow himself to do that. She didn’t deserve to be hurt. He had to leave to protect her but wished he had the courage to stand up to Charlie and his boys.

Then, the tingling started again.

First as a small tickle, which made him scratch, but the more he scratched, the worse it became. He scratched harder, digging his fingernails into his skin but that didn’t soothe the feeling. He gripped his shins as if he wanted to rip the skin away, but now it had grown to full-on pain. His shins were on fire and he dropped to the floor, embracing them, pulling his knees close to his chest. His urge to scream sat at the precipice of his lips as he rolled from side to side on his back. That damn doctor had lied; there were side effects. Through squinted eyes, he made out the daylight shining through the window above him. As his head rolled to the side, the bottoms of Constance’s tan curtains came into view. Fleeting thoughts of the beat down Charlie’s men gave him flashed in his mind, but this was different—very different. Carpet fibers were the last things his eyes focused on before everything went dark.

*****

Upon opening his eyes, he released his legs and straightened them as he lay on his back, the room both familiar and unfamiliar. 

There was no more pain.

There was no more Billy.

The man lying on the floor turned his head left, then right. He knew what he had to do. A second later, he recognized where he was and stood. His clothes felt strange, and he tugged at them, straightening them out, then gazed around the apartment. The stoned-faced man occupying Billy’s body entered Constance’s bedroom, opened her closet door, and began opening boxes, feeling up her clothes and shifting items about the floor and shelves. It wasn’t there. 

He left the closet, then turned to her dresser. One by one, drawers were pulled out as he shuffled her underwear, delicates, and anything else aside. It wasn’t there either. The aroma of her toiletries made his nose crinkle. He turned his attention to her nightstand next. Pill bottles, tissues, lipstick, nail files, and combs were shoved aside. Thick smells of perfume met his nose, but nothing was going to distract him. Nothing. He glanced over at her pillow and lifted it. There it was. He tossed the pillow aside, grabbed it and popped the clip. It was a full magazine. He pulled the slide back a bit; one sat in the chamber.

For a moment, he closed his eyes and allowed his hands to glide over the chrome-plated piece of hardware. Visions of a life lived years ago captured his thoughts. He had no mercy for those who crossed him or his friends, which were few, and anyone that stood in his way was removed with efficiency just like the punk that murdered his mother and father in front of his eyes when he was six years old. He slid the gun into his pocket and headed back into the living room.

He picked up Constance’s phone, checked the last number that had called, then pressed redial. The ringer sounded, and someone answered. 

“Hello.”

“Is this Charlie?” It was the first time he heard his own voice. It wasn't as deep as he remembered it. 

“Who wants to know?”

“Do you want your five grand?” 

“Ha! Billy, is that you?”

“Do you want your five grand?”

“You’re damn right I do. What? You have it already? What's up with your voice?”

“Where do you want me to bring it?”

“Billy boy, you sound a little different. What did you do? Knock over a bank or somethin’?”

“Where do you want me to bring it?”

“Hey, Billy boy. Quit being so serious. I’m just bustin’ your balls. Bring it over to Sal’s off Flatbush and Avenue R. Oh, and Billy boy, don’t fuck with me. You hear me? Don’t fuck with me. If you give me my money, I won’t bother you again. I’ll always welcome your business.”

“Fine. I should be there within the hour.” The man occupying Billy’s body hung up the phone and slipped on the brown windbreaker.

He turned to look at the television. The local news was on. He froze when the unexpected memory of the news report about his parent’s murder surfaced. He pulled back, then left the apartment, closing the door behind him.

*****

The man stood at the corner of Flatbush and Avenue R and spotted Sal’s Bar and Tavern across the street. The first person that caught his eye was a skinny guy wearing a tan windbreaker who stared in his direction from across the street for a few seconds then entered the bar. The man strolled across the street without flinching as cars slowed for him as they approached. Back on the sidewalk, he took his time as he neared Sal’s door. He pushed on the wooden door and stepped inside as if he was in a Western movie.

He stopped and held the door open for a second or two, filling the tavern with daylight, then released it. When his eyes adjusted to the subdued lighting inside, he took a seat at the bar in a dark corner by the door. Still stone-faced, he held a staring session with the other patrons sitting at the bar and won. He turned to the bartender, whose face was drained of blood. The bartender approached with slow, timid steps.

“What’s your pleasure?”

“Scotch, neat.”

“Did you say Scotch, neat?”

“Get me my damn drink.”

“Yes, sir!”

The bartender moved as if he were wearing skates. He grabbed a highball glass and a bottle of Cutty Sark from the shelf. Within seconds, the bartender had placed the drink in front of the man without asking him to pay for it, then stepped back. The man saw how the bartender stared, eyes wide like he’d seen a ghost. 

The man took a couple sips as he looked past the patrons sitting at the bar. A booth in the rear caught his attention. Fat Charlie was there, sitting with his gap-toothed smile, speaking with his boys, laughing and drinking and occasionally getting loud. 

He took a couple more sips from his drink, then set the glass down.

He pulled the semi-automatic pistol from his pocket and let his hand fall to the side. His eyes became slits upon seeing Charlie’s gap-toothed smile. The man stood and took his time approaching the booth.

One of Charlie’s men spotted him as he approached. Other guys at the table pointed and started laughing. The man stopped five feet from them and stared directly at Charlie.

“Billy boy! Ya made it. Where’s my damn money?”

The man raised the gun and pulled the trigger. 

A bullet struck Charlie right in the gap between his teeth. A second one hit him in the forehead. He continued pulling the trigger until Charlie and his crew were dead.

He turned and walked back to his seat in the dark corner as the rest of the patrons fought their way out the door. The bartender stuck his head above the bar just enough to see the man suck down the last of his scotch, turn, and walk out.

Chapter 2 - Games People Play

Detective Winters worked his way around illegally parked vehicles and traffic. His old blue sedan with black-wall tires made enough noise to draw attention. A couple marked patrol cars sat up in front of his, and a red and white ambulance was double-parked next to them. He slid out of the car and made his way through the gathering crowd, listening as curious bystanders described the scene like it was the second St. Valentine’s Day Massacre. Someone in the crowd puffed on marijuana, but he wasn’t concerned about something so trivial. He had to figure out who in the hell would commit such a blatant crime during the day. The last thing Brooklyn needed was another crazed hitman on the loose. He’d dealt with the situation before, and hated it.

A melee of activity met him as he entered the bar and closed in on the crime scene. Numbered markers sat where bullet casings were found. Bothersome camera lights flashed, temporarily blinding him, as crime scene photos were taken. 

He checked the floor as he moved closer to the deceased being very careful not to disturb any findings. He recalled Charlie’s old face and now look at him. The gap in his teeth was gone along with all the others. His splattered brains decorated the wall resulting in dried-up clumps, an expression of surrealist art. The other bodies lay about the compact booth as if they were frozen in a wicked game of Twister.

Whoever did this had some real balls, Winters thought. He’d been a New York detective for fifteen years, and only a few people could be this ruthless. Fortunately, they were all dead. Now, it looked like another crazed hitman had been born. What took place was a hit, not some random shooting. To take out Charlie and his gang all at once was the act of a real maniac, and tracking his perp down was going to be a pain in the ass.

Winters stepped back and worked his way around his colleagues until he spotted a female officer interviewing the shaken bartender. The bartender's pale face told the whole story. Winters noticed the bartender's eyes stayed glued on the massacre in the corner and never looked up at the female officer. Even as Winters approached him, the guy’s eyes stayed with the bloody sight. 

Winter’s stopped at the bar just in time to hear the bartender’s quaking voice describe the suspect and his behavior.

“When he came through the door, I could barely see his face with all the sunlight outside. But when the door closed, I thought I recognized him by the way he moved. He took a seat at the end of the bar..." The bartender pointed. "...And asked for Scotch, neat.”

Winters interrupted, “You said Scotch, neat?”

“Yes, sir.”

“What brand of Scotch did you pour?”

“Cutty Sark.”

“Why? Why didn’t you pour some other type of Scotch?”

“I…I…I had a feeling that’s what he wanted.”

“And what gave you that feeling? Did you know him?”

“Yes…I mean, no. I’ve never seen him in here before.”

“That was a cheesy answer. Make up your mind. Yes or no?”

“No, I’ve never seen him before.”

“But you knew Cutty Sark was his drink, right?”

“I…I took a guess. I thought that’s what he might like.”

“Interesting. I only knew of one other guy who drank that sickening Cutty Sark, and that was this crazed hitman who died in prison a while back. Hey, maybe this guy was his son, ya think? Yeah, his son who wants to pick up where his pops left off.”

“I don’t know, mister.”

“Yeah, so after he finished mopping up Charlie and his boys, where did he go?”

“Well, he…he finished his drink and walked out the door.”

“You’re telling me he came back and finished his drink then walked out the door like nothing had happened?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Well, what did he look like?

“Umm, let’s see.” Winter’s watched the bartender’s eyes shift downward and bet his next words would be a lie. “He was skinny. At least he looked skinny wearing a brown windbreaker and brown pants. His shirt wasn’t tucked, and I think it was white or some bright color. I couldn’t see it well inside the bar. His hair was sort of spiked, you know. Spiked on top and the sides were cut close.”

“Hey, that’s a pretty good description. Do you notice that about all your customers?”

“No, not really.”

“But this particular customer, you noticed all that?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Amazing! The first time this guy visits your bar, and you develop a photographic memory. Do you remember what Charlie was wearing before it all turned red?”

“No, sir.”

“And Charlie has been in here before, right?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Incredible. You wanna work for the police force? We got a place for you.” He turned toward the female officer, winked, then smiled. “Finish up with this guy, will ya? I’m going to see what the word on the street is.” He turned, and just before leaving the bar he took one last look at what became of Charlie. It was bound to happen one day, and now Winters had to find out who’d done it.

*****

While driving through the overcast streets near Sal’s establishment, Winters couldn’t set his mind at ease. Some guy was out there perpetrating the same crimes that a deceased convicted hitman did years ago, damn copycat killer, and Winter knew he was too old to deal with another one of those lunatics. This new generation knew nothing about that convict or the twenty-two people he’d murdered. Not now. 
 
During his drive through the congested streets of Brooklyn, he observed the people walking about. Up ahead, traffic was coming to a standstill up, and he pressed the brakes. He turned down the volume of the NPR program playing on his radio as he glanced around.

He went over the description the bartender gave him; slim build, spiked hair, brown jacket—no brown windbreaker (the bartender was clear to point that out), and a light shirt. The only person he recalled who came close to that description, and who’d also want to get revenge, was the young guy he spoke to in the hospital months ago, Billy Capello. But Billy was scared to implicate Charlie back then. How could he have the guts to pull it off such a hit today? From the corner of his eye, traffic eased forward again, and he pressed the accelerator to move along with the herd of autos.

His foot didn’t stay on the accelerator long before he came to another stop about a hundred feet from the last one. He reached to turn up the radio’s volume. As he lifted his head, a brown windbreaker came into view on the right. He sat back as watched a guy, maybe in his early thirties, with spiked hair, and a bright collar stride along the sidewalk. He didn’t seem to be in any hurry, and there was no looking over his shoulders to see if he was being followed, but he headed away from Sal’s. He wanted to ask a few simple questions before he was lost in the crowd.

“Move, move it,” Winters shouted to no one in particular, but traffic didn’t budge. All he could do was watch him as an itch of anxiety grew from within. He lifted his hand ready to blast the horn but knew it was no use. No one was moving. He sighed and leaned to the side, keeping an eye on his subject.

“Finally,” Winters said as traffic moved forward. He could still see the man strolling along the sidewalk. If he could pull up and make a right at the corner, he’d try to call him over to the car. Just as he got to there, he remembered it was a one-way street. Dammit! Now what? He’d lose the guy if he went around the block. He thought about getting out the car right there, blocking the traffic behind him, but knew it wasn’t the best idea. He watched Spikehead, the name he’d given to the guy, take a right turn. If he was lucky, he could go around the block and meet the guy as he approached.

Winters hit the gas, catching up to traffic and just caught it in time to make a right-hand turn. Traffic on this one-way street was much lighter, but up ahead it didn’t look too good. Some cars were trapped in the intersection, stopping all traffic. He needed to make another right turn. 

Winters stopped and waited at the corner as more cars were stuck in the intersection, knowing that when traffic moved again, they would move too. It was one of the few times he wished he had a portable police light to place atop his roof. He continued waiting, all the while letting his car inch forward. Cross traffic moved forward once again, but the SUV next in line didn’t move. The lady was on her phone, so he pulled in front of her as traffic slowed again.

Only one more right-hand turn and Spikehead would be in his sights, he hoped. Sweat rolled down from his temples, and he rubbed his jaw across his shoulder. He wasn’t sure if the car’s air conditioning wasn’t working right or if his adrenalin had kicked into high gear. Just a few more feet and he could make the turn.

Lo and behold, Spikehead turned left at the corner up ahead and was walking right toward him. He leaned over, rolled down his windows, and watched his subject approach.

“Hey, you in the brown windbreaker. Hey! Hey!” The guy slowed and leaned down to look inside the car, then stood back up and resumed walking. “Hey! Hey! Get back here! I want to ask you something.”
 
The guy stopped and turned his head, his confusion apparent. He shrugged and walked back toward the car. Winters pulled over to an open parking spot. The guy approached Winters window and asked, “Do I know you? What do you want?”

“No, you don’t know me, but I want to ask you a few questions?”

“Why? Who are you?”

“I’m a detective, and I’m working on a case.” The corner of Spikehead’s upper lip began jumping. Winters had hit a nerve.

“Look, Detective, all I’m doing is walking. That’s it.”

“Where are you coming from?”

“Uhh, I’m coming from a bar. I stopped in to have a couple of drinks but decided to leave early.”

“You were in Sal’s bar, weren’t you?”

“Yeah. How did you know that?”

“Never mind that. What did you see while you were in there?”

“I didn’t see nothin’. I ordered one drink and left.”

“Did you finish you drink before walking out the door after those guys were murdered?”

“Murdered? What guys?” Spikehead’s eyes bugged, and his creased forehead pulled back. “I didn’t see who shot those guys.”

“I never said they were shot. I just said they were murdered. So you were in there when they were murdered? Stay right there.” Winters left his car and walked around back, hoping the guy wouldn’t dart. As he approached Spikehead, he could tell the guy wouldn’t have the balls to pull off such an act. But a copycat killer doesn’t need balls, just someone to copy from. “The bartender gave me a description of the killer. You match that description.” 

“What? I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about. I didn’t kill anyone. I swear. I ran out of there as soon as I heard the gunshots.”

“Did you see who did it?”

“Only for a second after the door closed. The sun was too bright to see when he came in.”

“I’ll tell you what. You’re gonna come to the station with me and we’re gonna straighten this thing out. Turn around so I can cuff ya.”

“Cuff me? I didn’t do anything. It was the other guy in the tan jacket.”

“All right, we’ll get everything down at the station. Here, get in the back seat and don't try anything stupid, ya hear?”

Winters could feel him shaking as he helped him into the back seat. Maybe the guy knew something, or maybe he didn’t, but one way or another the guy was going to tell the truth.

Chapter 3 - Into the Unknown

Constance paced back and forth. She didn’t know who had been in her apartment or where Billy was, and her gun was missing. She saw the unknown phone number on her phone but was too afraid to call it. Suddenly, her doorknob jiggled, and Billy opened the door.

“Billy, where were you? You’ve been gone for hours. Are you all right?” 

He stood in the doorway, motionless. 

“Billy. Billy. What’s wrong?” He still didn’t speak. She pulled him inside and shut the door. His eyes were glassy, almost like he was in a daze. She shook him and said, “Billy, speak to me, please.”

“Constance?” he said, then fainted.

*****

As Billy came to, he saw Constance weeping over him. He ran his fingers through her hair, and she pulled back and revealed a relieved smile before leaning back down to hug him.

“Constance, are you all right?”

“Yes, I’m all right.” She pulled back and continued, “Where were you? When I came home, the television was on, and all my stuff was spread out. Did someone come in here to hurt you? Did they get my gun? It’s missing.”

“I…I don’t know.” She helped him off the floor and over to the couch. “The last thing I remember was your phone ringing. I picked it up, and it was Charlie asking for his money.”

“Is he the one that did this to my apartment? Did he come over here?”

“I don’t think so. He gave me until tomorrow to bring him his money. I was so scared when he hung up. He’d called this apartment, so he must’ve known I was here. I didn’t want you to get caught up with my problems.”

“You won’t have to worry about Charlie anymore.” Constance looked into his eyes, wiped her tears away, and hugged him tightly.

“What do you mean, sweetheart?”

“The news. Charlie and his gang were murdered by someone this afternoon at Sal’s Bar and Tavern.”

Billy held her at arm’s length, his eyebrows furrowed. “Murdered? They were murdered?”

“Yes. The police are looking for the suspect now.”

He stared off into space as a mental seedling bloomed in the back of his head and sprouted a sense of déjà vu. What happened to Charlie and his gang was familiar to him. Too familiar. He stared into Constance’s eyes. At that moment, a memory flowered. His recurring dream. The one which began in the hospital as his legs were healing. Charlie’s demise followed his dream.

He saw concern sweep over Constance’s face then she asked, “What’s wrong?”

He gave her intense stare for a few seconds before his face softened, then he bit his lip and said while shaking his head, “Nothing, Constance. I was wondering why I fainted when I came in. I feel all right now. Don’t worry about me.”

Billy smiled upon seeing a soft smile across his sweetheart’s face.

For the next couple of days, Billy followed the news before leaving for work at the fish shop. He wanted to know the name of the guardian angel who solved his problems with a few slugs of lead. To his dismay, the police had no leads, and the bar patrons in the establishment during the hit were closed-mouthed, refusing to answer any questions from the police or media. He thought maybe it was for the best. Now he could close that awful chapter of his life and focus on helping to improve Constance’s situation.

*****

Working in the fish market was more enjoyable than he’d ever imagined. Sure, he smelled like he’d been swimming with them all day, but it was the comradery of the other workers he enjoyed most. His boss, Jake Kaufman, was the stocky, laid-back owner and Billy had never met anyone with a sense of humor like Jake’s. He joked with everyone including the customers, and Billy thought that was the reason so many of them returned regularly.

Assisting Billy in the rear of the market were Manny and Leon. Both men had been receiving and preparing fish for over five years, but what surprised Billy most were their ages. They weren't much older than him but seemed to have more going for them than Billy, but it only took a few conversations to discover both had sidelines outside of work. The conversations between the three were revealing as they shared certain stories and predicaments about their lives, which brought them closer together.

Whenever Billy came home to the apartment, he’d relay some of their stories to Constance, and he watched how she averted her vision whenever some of their stories began moving toward some criminal activity. He reassured her that he would never join with them, and those reassurances always released the building tension.

Although he was happy with his new outlook on life, his past continued haunting him, but this time with a slight twist. The recurring dream he had while in the hospital had recently been modified. Once again, he was on a mission and carrying a gun, but this time he entered a cavernous space with no desks. Whenever he awoke from the dream, his legs tingled in the same spots as before. He hid this from Constance for as long as he could. However, one night, the nightmare caused him to yell out, waking her.

“Billy, are you okay? What’s wrong?”

“Ah, just a bad dream. That’s all.” Seconds later, he sat up and let out an outburst. “OOOH!”

“What is it?”

He’d vocalize his pain and turned to Constance, who dawned an expression of deep concern. He wanted to lie but blurted out, “They're tingling again. That damn tingling.”

“In your legs? I thought that stopped a while ago.”

“It did, but it looks like its back. I’ll be all right in a few minutes. You go back to sleep. I love you.”

“Okay. You sure you’re going to be okay?”

“Yes, sweetheart. Go back to sleep.”

“All right, Billy. I love you.” She leaned over, kissed him on the cheek, then turned back and dove into her pillow.

Billy laid back down, his hands cupped behind his head, wondering what it all meant. Why is everything returning? Billy drifted off to sleep with many unanswered questions.

A couple of days later, Billy had the day off while Constance had to go to work. After kissing her goodbye, he could see concern in her eyes. He knew she worried about him whenever he had the day off. They’d discussed the events around his temporary amnesia many times, but it was never far from her mind.

“I’ll be calling during the day to make sure you’re okay.”

“I know. I’ll be here. Don’t worry. Just think, when you come home today, you won’t have to kiss stinky Charlie Tuna on the mouth. Won’t that be a hoot?”

“I love kissing my stinky Charlie Tuna. Goodbye, Billy. I love you.”

“I love you too. Have a good day at work, and don’t worry about me.”

She turned and shut the door, and he reveled in the thought of doing nothing except vegging out on the couch for the day.

As noontime neared, he switched the channel to the news and listened to a report about a confrontation between an Uber driver and a taxi driver. The argument escalated to a physical fight, which was caught on someone’s cellphone. Billy leaned forward when he recognized the Uber driver. It was Manny, and he was getting his ass kicked. Manny often bragged about driving for Uber, but he also mentioned that the taxi drivers were giving him a hard time for taking their business.

Looking worried, he phoned the fish market to see if Manny had gone into work today. Jake answered the phone.

"Hello. Jake's fish market."

"Hey, Jake. It's Billy. Hey, did Manny make it to work today?"

"He sure did. Wanna speak to him?"

"Yeah, if he's not too busy."

"Hold on a sec.” He heard Jake place his hand over the receiver. “Manny!" the muffled voice yelled. After a while, Billy heard the phone being handled, then Manny answered. 

“Manny, it's Billy. I just saw you on the news. Are you okay?”

“I’m okay. That asshole is going to get his. He’s been bugging me for a couple of months now, but I’m gonna get him back good. That fucker broke one of my teeth.”

“Damn. I didn’t know you had it so bad. Are other drivers getting beat up while driving for Uber?

“A few of them are. You know taxis have been a staple in the city for decades, and they hate that we’re taking their customers. I swear, I think some of these guys have mob connections or something, but I don’t give a shit. I’m going to get that guy. He’s going to be out of commission for at least a month.”

“Hey, don’t do anything stupid. That guy looked pretty big. No need to get yourself hurt even more.”

“Billy, it’s too late for that now. I’m going to get him. Look, Jake’s staring at me. I gotta go.”

“All right, Manny. See ya and be careful.”

“Bye, Billy.”

From the sound of Manny’s tone, Billy knew that he was about to do something drastic. He sounded weird, like his jaw was swollen or something, and he knew that Manny was fearless, even with his short stature.

Manny’s temper was unyielding, and Billy saw an exhibition of it one day when a shipment of fish came in late. Manny yelled and screamed at the driver like he’d just run over his dog, and Jake was the only person who could talk Manny down after subduing him. If he wasn’t held back, Manny might have punched the driver.

Over the next hour, Billy’s mind kept returning to Manny’s predicament, and he wondered how far he would go to get back at the big guy who used him for a punching bag. He didn’t want to see anything happen to his friend.

Then it started.

Billy stared at his legs and began massaging his shins. Why are they tingling now? He applied more pressure as the tingling morphed into stinging, but it was no use. He tightened his grip as searing pain burst around them. No, not again! He bared his teeth as he fell over onto the couch’s cushions, drawing his legs to his chest. A yell escaped his lips before he passed out.

*****

When he came to, he sat up and took a deep breath.

Billy was gone.

The stone-faced man replacing Billy picked up the phone and dialed.

“Hello,” Jake answered.

“Hi, Jake. Let me speak to Manny.”

“Oh, Billy. Let me get him. Say, it would have been easier if you just came into work today.” The man occupying Billy's body remained silent.

Manny answered, “Hey, Billy. What’s up?”

“Manny, what cab company did that guy work at?”

“You mean the guy who messed with me? Midtown Cab Company. Why?”

“I’m going to have a word with him.”

“Billy, don’t get involved. I can take care of this.”

“I want to talk to him.”

“You don’t have to do that.”

“I want to talk to him. Bye, Manny.” He hung up the phone, scanned the apartment, then stood and walked out the door.

The man stayed focused on retrieving Constance’s gun, which he'd hidden after murdering Charlie and his gang. Down on the street, he walked amongst the throng of people minding their own business. He was invisible, blending in with the many. He turned down a dirty alley with swaths of loose trash being whipped around by a sudden breeze. He continued walking, then stopped at a heavy, rusted metal trash container. After turning back briefly to see if he was being watched, then he crouched down and reached beneath it. He listened as his fingers fumbled around other trash that had collected under there over the past few days, then his fingers touched something light that gave off a crinkling sound. He backed up his hand, grasped the object that crinkled even louder, then pulled it toward him. Inside the plastic bag sat Constance's gun along with some ammo. He checked the magazine and added more bullets until it was full, then he stashed the ammo back in the bag and pushed it beneath the container. His next stop would be the Midtown Cab Company.

*****

The man made his way to Coyle Avenue, just off Avenue U, turned east, then stopped. Up ahead, empty cabs lined the narrow street in front of the Midtown Cab Company's garage. Working-class drivers huddled with one another, shooting the breeze and passing time while they furiously inhaled their cigarettes and puffed on cigars. He leaned against the aged brick wall outside a corner drugstore and watched the drivers for a while to see if he could spot the one who had the balls to take out his frustrations on his friend. When he didn't see the son of a bitch, he strutted past the smokers and into the garage. The pungent smell of gasoline mixed with sickening engine exhaust hung in the air, but he didn’t care. In the rear of the garage was an office with large glass windows, and inside, he saw some movement. He made his way around a few disabled cabs as the sounds from the street echoed off its walls.

He rapped on the wooden door containing a large glass pane, and a slender guy with a sad comb-over left the chair behind his desk and opened the door.

“Can I help you?”

“Is the guy that got into the altercation with that Uber driver yesterday evening here right now?”

“Who wants to know?

“I do. Is he at work today?”

The thin man’s head tilted to the side. “Yeah, he’s working today.”

“Call him back to the garage so I can congratulate him for doing what he did the other day. There’s a lot of us guys who hate those Uber drivers.”

“That’s for sure. Blake really messed that kid up.”

“So Blake's his name, huh? Well, he really gave it to that damn kid. I want to shake his hand and give him something.”

“I’ll call him, but I don’t know how long he’ll take to get back here.”

“I’ll wait outside and look for him.”

“Okay, Mac. I’ll call him now.”

“Thanks.”

He watched the slender guy head back to his desk, sit down and pick up the radio’s microphone, then he strutted back toward the garage entrance, but right before he reached it, he heard the office door close.

All eyes were on him as he cruised past the idle drivers leaning on their cabs, and he made sure to return their stares until their eyes shifted away from him. Once again, he took up residence by leaning against the side of the taxi building waiting to see the hack carrying Manny’s fighting buddy.

Cabs pulled in and out of the garage and the man remained nearly motionless as he watched. The only time he took his eyes from the garage entrance was when he thought the drivers were intentionally blowing smoke in his direction. Fortunately for them, they weren’t.

After fifteen minutes, he spotted the guy pulling his cab into the garage. He pushed away from the wall and took his time as he stepped toward the garage entrance. The exhaust fumes were stronger now since the car remained running, but he stepped inside anyway just in time to see the guy exit the cab. In the darkened garage, he pulled the pistol from his pocket and dropped his hand to the side.

“Excuse me. You’re the guy who whooped on the little guy last evening, aren’t you?”

“Yeah, that was me. Did you watch it on television?”

“Yes, I did. I came to congratulate you.” 

The cab driver stuck out his hand with a crooked smile plastered across his face. The man raised the pistol to his chest and pulled the trigger.

Three booming echoes rang from the garage and out into the narrow street. The slender guy darted out from his office and ran over to see what the commotion was. The man aimed and pulled the trigger once again, winging the guy in the arm. The bullet's force spun him to the ground. As he turned to leave, straggling drivers approached him, some of them looked ready to kick his ass. He raised his gun and pointed. They all turned and fled, which is what he expected. Instead of leaving on foot, he hopped into the cab of the man he’d just murdered, backed out, and pulled away.

The Ghost of Brooklyn

Winters proceeded to the cab company once he heard the dispatcher’s call hoping that this was a random shooting about a drug deal gone bad, some deranged, disgruntled worker, or maybe a domestic violence case. He left his window cracked to enjoy the relatively cool breeze, but instead exhaust fumes rolled in from passing traffic, however, he didn’t mind the compromise. The sun shone through the sky’s haze just enough to leave faded shadows of buildings lying about the streets.

Stepping from the car, he nodded to a few officers he recognized as he ducked beneath the police tape and approached the body. Blood pooled inside the concrete's scattered depressions. The dead man lay sprawled out with his chest open. If it weren’t for the blood, he’d swear it was a mannequin.

While the crime scene investigators went about their business, he approached the dispatcher who was shot in the arm. His comb-over failed him now, laying bare his bald spot. Streaks of tears made their way down his face as the paramedics patched him up. His groans sounded more mousey than manly. 

As Winters gathered information from his best eyewitness, he recognized the similarities between this murder and that of Charlie and his gang. The guy, Spikehead, he’d arrested on the street soon after Charlie’s murder had a valid alibi, and right now, Winters had no other solid leads.

*****

Constance arrived home early that day wondering where Billy had gone. He usually stayed inside the apartment since experiencing his first blackout spell. This time, her apartment was in order, but the television remained on, which set off the wrong signal. Why did he leave the television playing? She entered the kitchen and found a couple dirty plates, used silverware, and a single plastic glass in the sink, pretty typical for his day off, yet her mind was uneasy.

She took a seat on the couch and began scanning through channels as she waited but stopped when a breaking news report began. Two people were shot in Brooklyn by an unknown assailant. The descriptions from witnesses varied, but overall it sounded like they described Billy. A reporter continued stating that the murdered man was taped last night punching on Uber driver Manny Rodriguez. 

Manny? Billy had mentioned Manny many times to Constance, and she knew how close they were. But Billy wouldn’t get mixed up with Manny, would he? No, Billy wouldn’t do that. Not my Billy. The coincidence was unmistakable; Billy left home without leaving a note, the television was playing, and someone associated with him was murdered the same day. She tried wiping the similarities from her head but found it impossible.

Her fingers tapped away on the couch’s arm while waiting for Billy to come home. Where is he? Why doesn’t he call? Her mind flip-flopped between concern and anger, so to distract herself she entered the kitchen and began cooking. It was a welcomed distraction.

By the time she finished cooking, Billy still wasn’t home, and her worrying gained steam. He’d never been so late without calling, and it was getting late. She ventured toward the apartment window and scanned the street hoping to catch a glimpse of her boyfriend but became disheartened when she didn’t see him. Conflicting feeling waged an internal war until she could take no more. Her head fell into her hands, and she began sobbing. 

The apartment doorknob jiggled.

She lifted her tear-soaked face and watched Billy plod through the apartment door. She was furious, but at the same time ecstatic that he came back home.

“Billy!” she yelled as she ran toward him and draped her arm around him.

He gave her a half-hearted hug as if he was holding back for some reason. She kissed him on the cheek, then pulled back. His expression was off as if his mind wasn’t quite in the present. That’s when she detected an unfamiliar odor. A gritty metallic stench mixed with sweat, but beneath it was another familiar odor she couldn’t put her finger on.

“Billy, are you okay? Where were you?” He looked into her eyes, but the stare was blank. Where’s the affection he usually showed her? “Billy. Billy. Do you understand me? Are you okay?”

“Constance? Constance, it’s you.”

He pulled her in for a real hug, but this time she felt the reassuring flow of love. Still, she had questions.

Once she settled down, she asked, “Where were you, Billy?” as she held his hand and guided him over to the couch.

“I don’t remember. I swear I don’t remember. I don't remember leaving the apartment or where I went, or how I came back. I only remember you asking if I was okay.”

He’d had another blackout spell, and he’d never agree to visit the doctor to get checked out. His aversion to them developed soon after leaving the hospital. She gripped his hand as he leaned back on the couch. Suddenly, he sat back up.

“Manny!” he said.

“What about Manny?”

“Some guy beat him up. I remember watching it on the television earlier.”

“I saw it on the news. They showed the clip.”

“I have to call Jake to see if Manny is all right. That guy did a job on him.”

“I think Manny is okay. Someone found the guy who beat him up and killed him.”

“What?” Billy’s eyes widened. “Killed him?”

“That’s what they said on the news. Do you remember being anywhere around Manny today?”

“No. I do remember talking on the phone with him after seeing the news clip, but nothing after that.”

Constance scrutinized his face. All usual signs pointed to him telling the truth, but his behavior raised some suspicions. Tomorrow she would contact her nurse friend, Rebecca, and ask about any side effects surrounding Billy’s bone graft. It’s possible Billy may have been right after all. She may even be fortunate enough to speak to Billy’s doctor to get more information about the procedure, however, in the meantime, tonight she would watch Billy’s behavior for any dramatic shifts.

*****

The following day, during Constance’s morning break, she phoned Rebecca and asked if she’d be free for lunch, and as an incentive, she let Rebecca select the restaurant and Constance would pay the bill. The excitement in Rebecca’s voice made Constance laugh. It had been a while since the two of them got together to play catchup with each other’s lives. However, this wasn’t going to be one of their usual luncheon dates.

When lunchtime arrived, she met Rebecca at Brooklyn’s Sweet Chicks Restaurant for a nice helping of comforting soul food. After a friendly hug, they sat down and ordered drinks with just a touch of alcohol. 

“So how have you been, Constance?” Rebecca asked.

“I’ve been fine. How about you?”

“Busy, busy, busy. That hospital keeps me on my toes every day.”

“Yeah, I could tell. That last time I was there, you looked a little frazzled.”

“Oh, that day was nuts. What about your boyfriend? How’s he doing?”

“In a way, that’s why I asked to have lunch with you. Overall, he's been doing okay, but he’s had a couple of blackouts lately. In fact, one of them happened yesterday. He couldn’t remember where he’d been. And listen to this. It seems like the night before his blackouts, he has dreams, or nightmares, then he awakes and says his legs tingle. Have you heard of anyone experiencing anything like that before?”

“I really can’t say. It might be better if you can speak with his doctor instead of me.”

“Is there some reason you can’t tell me?”

“Sort of. I mean it’s like I was making a diagnosis and that’s not really my job. Do you understand?”

“Umm…I think so. How hard would it be for me to speak to him? When is he at the hospital?”

“Oh, he’s there just about every day. If you keep your questions short, he can talk to you just about any time. But you have to remember; he's a surgeon. If he’s in surgery, you’re out of luck.”

“Yeah, I know. What if I schedule an appointment? Would that be better? I just want to ask him the same thing I asked you.”

“That would be better. That way he could set some time aside.”

Constance got the answers she wanted, so now she went back to focusing on Rebecca and the food by saying, “So what looks good? Something we can both blow our diets on.”

Both women continued their conversation and their meal without mentioning Billy's doctor again.

When she arrived home, she didn’t expect to see Billy there since he had to work today. Upon entering their apartment, she let loose an audible sigh when she noticed the television was off and everything was in order, the usual way Billy left the apartment in the morning. When would his next day off be?

*****

Back at the fish market, Billy waited until no more customers needed to be waited on, then he pulled Jake, Leon, and Manny aside. He wanted details; details about the guy who had the altercation with Manny. Jake tried calming him down and was successful for the most part, but Billy hated that something happened to his friend. He didn’t have many in this concrete jungle, and he felt very close to all three of them.

“Billy, listen. Manny’s all right, okay? He’s right here in front of you,” Jake said with his arm around Billy’s shoulders, pointing at Manny. “I guess Manny has a guardian angel because that guy got his. Ain’t that right, Manny?”

“I’ll say. I wonder who else the guy harassed or beat up? Regardless, someone was really pissed off at him to kill him while on the job,” Manny replied.

Leon spoke up. “Well, the mothafucka deserved it. It was a bullshit excuse anyway. Blaming Manny for taking money from his pockets because he drives and Uber. He got what he deserved. I bet those other taxi drivers will chill out now.”

Billy turned to all of them and said, “You guys are like my family. All three of you, along with my girlfriend, keep me in line, but when I saw that news report, I couldn’t help myself. I just wish I could have found that guy before the psycho did.”

“Actually, I’m glad you didn’t,” Jake said. “This guy is running around Brooklyn killing people during the day is looney tunes. Funny thing is, from some of the descriptions, that guy could be you,” he said as he pointed up and down at Billy’s slim build and spiked hair.

“Right?” Leon said. “Billy, they described you, my man. You sure you’re not the Brooklyn beast getting revenge on bad people?” Leon’s smooth chuckle was infectious.

Billy came back with, “Oh, yeah. Like I have the balls to go and kill somebody in broad daylight. I couldn’t handle myself at night, in an alley, in the rain. Just because I used to play with the big boys don’t mean I know how to protect myself. Shit, that’s why I’m working here with you jagoffs.” More laughter went around until the bell over the front door sounded. Jake headed out to see who it was while everyone else got back to work.

Billy noticed the absence of crackling butcher paper coming from up front. The sound was a sign one of their usual customers had entered, but its absence was unusual. Maybe Jake was having a conversation with a new customer since he loved to talk anyway. Minutes later, more than one set of footsteps entered the back room. Billy turned to see who it was.

He took a double-take. It couldn’t be. No way.

Detective Winters followed Jake into the back room. Billy hadn’t seen his face since he was laid up in the hospital a few months ago, badgering him for information about Charlie. What was he doing here? He wasn’t one of the regular customers. Would the detective even recognize him?

“There, Detective. That’s Manny over there,” Jake said as he pointed.

The detective started walking toward Manny, then stopped and stared at Billy. Billy’s brows furled. Then the detective said, “Billy. Billy Capello, right?”

“Yeah, that’s me.”

“Well Billy, you look much better now. You didn’t look so hot laid up in that hospital.”

“Yeah, and I didn’t feel too hot either.” The detective continued staring until Billy crossed his arms and lifted his chin.

“Billy, I have a silly question for you.”

“What’s that?” Billy said.

“Do you own a brown windbreaker?”

“A brown windbreaker. You mean a jacket? What does that have to do with anything?”

“Nothing really. I’m just curious, that’s all. I told you it was a silly question. Do you own one?”

“Yes. My girlfriend bought it for me after I left the hospital as a present.” Winters shook his head, tilted it slightly, then turned toward Manny.

More confused than ever, why would Winters ask him about a jacket? He began processing fish as he listened to the questions the detective posed to Manny. Both Leon and Jake were engaged with Manny’s questioning, but he kept working trying not to draw attention to himself.

Then Manny asked, “Did you find the guy who killed that asshole that beat on me?”

“No, not yet, but we have a pretty good description of him. There were many eyewitnesses. Right now, we’re holding back the information about him.”

Billy turned and said, “Why would you do that? Maybe someone knows the guy.” The detective’s face became blank.

“You’re right, Billy, but that may force him to run also. We want to surprise him when we capture him. I have a feeling he’s very close.”

Billy swore the detective winked at him, and he wanted him to leave—NOW.

Chapter 4 – Revelations

Constance drove to the hospital during lunch the next day without informing Rebecca or making an appointment with Dr. Kline because the questions preying on her mind had begun keeping her up at night. As her eyes gazed at the hospital's concrete structure, she couldn't help feeling that with all the good the staff did for those in need, there were deep secrets that no one would ever admit to. The hospital’s sliding glass doors whooshed open, and a shiver consumed her. The combination broke her concentration about the questions she had for Dr. Kline. She didn’t want to appear to be aggressive, nor passive. All she wanted was the truth. Her main concern was the probability that the doctor might skate around the truth using unfamiliar terms and acronyms.

She maintained an erratic gaze as she stepped through the lobby. A receptionist smiled at her, and she smiled back while pointing to the short corridor containing the elevators. The receptionist nodded her head in approval.

The last time she visited, when Billy was admitted, she ignored the hospital’s atmosphere. Now, her sense of urgency was replaced by a sense of foreboding. Doctors, nurses, and visitors ambled through the corridors. Behind the closed doors were people dealing with incomprehensible pain, unbearable suffering, or remarkable recoveries. Life or death decisions being posed upon ordinary people without any knowledge of medicine; all of them gullible, fallible, and vulnerable.

It dawned on her that she’d become a patient—a patient at the behest of Dr. Kline. She wasn’t sure she would know if he told her the truth. The elevator doors shut, and it gently ascended to the third floor.

She sighed, then smiled when the doors opened and saw Rebecca at the front desk, forcing all her doubts to the back of her mind. Her high heels interrupted the imposing silence that consumed the floor to the point that she almost began to tiptoe. She approached the desk, and Rebecca stood to greet her.

“Hi, Rebecca,” she said, sounding a bit out of breath.

“Hi, Constance. Wow, I didn't know you would show up today. Umm...you sound a little funny. Is everything all right?”

“Yes. I think I’ve been overthinking the questions I want to ask Dr. Kline. How will I know if he’ll tell me the truth or not?”

“That’s a good question. You really won’t know, but I may be able to help you out a little bit. I happen to know he's not busy at the moment and his office is right down the hall. After you finish talking to him, come back and see me. We can go over the questions you asked, but I need you to speak with him first.”

“Why the cloak and dagger? Can’t you just tell me?”

“No, not right now. However, after you talk to him, then I can sort of confirm or deny whatever his answers were. Trust me. Talk to him first then come back and see me.”

“All right, Rebecca. I’ve got my fingers crossed.”

“Good luck! Make sure you come back and talk to me afterward,” Rebecca said, giving Constance a confident smile for support.

*****

She posed all types of questions to Dr. Kline, each one dealing with bone graft material sources, how they are kept and used, any positive or negative side effects of the procedures, and even the ethical aspects of using it. Each answer was very academic, like something she’d read in medical journals, and she couldn't help to notice that even his opinions were longwinded and sterile. Her efforts were futile since she didn’t receive one good piece of information from him.

Upon exiting the doctor’s office, the sound of her clopping heels echoed down the hallway as she approached Rebecca’s desk. Rebecca’s cheery smile faded.

“Becky, I’m numb. You have no idea what I just sat through.”

“Why? What happened?” Rebecca asked as she locked her computer screen, retreated from behind her desk, and approached her friend.

“All I wanted were some straight answers from him. I wanted to know about the side effects attributed to bone grafts.”

“And what did he say?”

“I have no idea. Not an inkling. His double-talk had double-talk.

“Follow me, Constance,” Rebecca said while motioning her head in the direction of a long hallway.

It seemed odd that the corridor was absent of personnel as Constance’s heels tapped across the floor. Rebecca opened a windowless door and stepped inside with Constance close behind. The gray metal desk off to the side reminded her of the desks teachers used back in her junior high school days. Two black plastic chairs with chrome-plated legs sat in front of it. The white windowless walls revived memories of interrogation rooms she’d seen in numerous crime-based television programs.

Rebecca took a seat in one of the chairs, crossing her legs, and Constance followed suit.

“Now that you’ve spoken with Dr. Kline,” Rebecca said, leaning forward and speaking in a low tone, “I can let you in on some things. First, did you ask him if bone graft surgeries have any side effects?”

“Yes. That’s one of the first questions I asked him. He said definitely not.”

“That’s what I thought he'd say. I’ve been working here for a while, and I’ve seen many bone graft surgeries turn out okay. However, we did have two cases where the results were very strange.”

“You did? What happened?”

“It was about a year and a half ago. A seven-year-old girl was rushed to the emergency room. Her arm had been crushed when she was hit by a car backing up. Somehow, her arm was run over and both her radius and ulna were broken. The surgery was very complex, so they were forced to do a bone graft after repairing the arteries and veins. A few days later, she began crying stating that her arm wouldn’t stop tingling.”

Constance interrupted, “That’s the same thing Billy's complaining about now.”

“I know, but there’s more. She complained of nightmares to her parents. They attributed them to lingering trauma from the accident. In short, they didn’t believe her. I remember her telling me that in her nightmare, somebody in her family was killed.”

“Oh my god!”

“Yes. Imagine having a seven-year-old tell you something like that. I tried to convince her it wasn’t real, but in her mind, she knew it was real. Now, this is the weird part. Weeks later, after she’d left the hospital, the police were called to her house. I’ll never forget it when I heard about it. She had found her father’s gun and murdered her mother.”

“No!”

“Yes. It was awful, and I felt so bad for her. The police asked us to go through her records to see if anything stood out. I happened to go through the notes surrounding her operation. I found the bone graft material came from an inmate who had killed both his parents.”

“Wait, are you telling me that it’s possible for events in somebody else’s life to affect a current life by transplanting bone material?”

“I don’t know. Like I said, usually the procedure is very successful but what happened to that little girl and Billy are very similar.”

“Tell me about the other case.”

“That was about seven months ago. A newlywed couple was involved in a horrible accident. The groom’s skull was punctured, but there was no brain damage. Bone graft material was used to patch it over. Later, he complained of tingling and headaches. Months later, after returning to work, and for some unknown reason, he entered his worksite and began shooting up the place. Three people were killed and four wounded before he committed suicide.”

“This is crazy. Are the police investigating these things?”

“Yes. As a matter of fact, you met one of the investigators when Billy was here.”

“Do you mean that detective who came into Billy’s room?”

“Yes. That’s Detective Ryan Winters. He thinks there may be some type of connection between the graft material and how people react after they receive it. He comes around now and then, and we chat for a while. He’s a really good guy. Sort of cute for his age, don’t you think?” Her fingers ran down a sliver of blonde hair covering her ear.

“I barely remember his face, but I do remember how he talked to Billy. He kept asking Billy to give him information about Charlie. Up until that time, I didn’t know Charlie had hurt him. When Billy clammed up and dismissed the detective, that’s when I knew.” Rebecca’s eyes had drifted away along with her mind. “Rebecca, are you listening to me?”

Rebecca jumped. “Oh, I’m sorry, Constance. I’m back now, but I heard what you said.”

“Do you think your detective friend will help me out with Billy?”

“I’m sure he will. I hope it’s not true. I wouldn’t want Billy to get in any trouble.”

“Me neither, but I have to know. Talk to your detective friend and have him give me a call while I’m at work. I don’t want Billy to suspect anything.”

“I gotcha. I’ll reach out to him tomorrow. I’d better get back to work.” Rebecca slid her chair back, and a screeching sound reverberated throughout the room. Rebecca led the way from the room, looking in both directions before stepping out into the hallway.

“I’ll call you tomorrow,” Rebecca said as she glided behind the receptionist desk.

“Thanks, girl. I’ll be waiting,” Constance said then turned toward the elevators.

*****

The next day, Constance set up a meeting with Detective Winters at Sweet Chicks. She arrived first and took a booth seat, sipping on a Diet Coke as she waited. Ten minutes later, she saw the detective enter. His face looked more hardened now. Was he having a bad day? Her heartbeat accelerated. They made eye contact, and she gave a timid wave.

He approached and with a gruff voice said, “Are you Constance Bellucci?”

Her voice squeaked, “Yes, that’s me.” Then she watched a warm smile crossed his face and he stuck out his hand. She grabbed it. It felt rough, but his touch was quite gentle. He took a seat, and she began to breathe easy again.

He started, “I remember you from the hospital a few months ago. So you know Rebecca, do you?”

“Ah, yes. We’ve been friends for many years.”

“She’s a sweet girl. Very smart and good at her job.”

“Yes, she is. We have lunch here on occasion. Nothing big, just a bunch of girl talk. You know.”

“Well, I guess I do, but I don’t really do girl talk.” He smiled.

Constance giggled like a schoolgirl. “Oh, I’m sorry. I guess you don’t.”

Winter’s huffed a laugh. “Okay, Constance, what can I do for you?”

She explained her suspicions and fears to Detective Winters, giving so many details that he had to stop her so he could take notes. She kept constant eye contact with him, acknowledging every tick, blink and twitch. From his eyes, she could see he was absorbing everything she said, formulating it into useful information. That’s what kept her talking even after she received her food. Her confidence in him grew and suspected he might be the one to finally give her the answers she wanted.

“Well, what do you think, Detective Winters?”

“Miss Bellucci, you’ve given me some excellent details. I’ll have to get everything together, including a timeline.” His eyes dropped for a moment. “I don’t think Billy is the person I’m looking for, but I’ll need to find definitive proof.” Another smile crossed his face, but it seemed forced. Constance’s heartbeat rose again, but she took deep breaths to hide it.

“Thank you, Detective. I hope you can help me out.”

“I’ll do everything I can, ma’am. By the way, here’s my card. Put it away and keep it out of sight from Billy.” 

She watched him turn and leave the restaurant. The knot in her stomach made her appetite disappear, so she asked the waiter for a doggy bag, crammed her meal into the Styrofoam box, and left the restaurant in a daze.

Chapter 5 – In Pursuit of Evil

A week later, Jake found himself suffering from a restless night. Always able to fall asleep quickly and sleep longer than he needed, tonight he was unable to shut off his mind. Ideas, scenarios, and worries sped through his head like each was trying to win some mental race. He gazed at the clock right before the crazy thoughts ceased. It read 1:30 a.m. Then he fell into a deep dreamless sleep. His alarm sounded, and the clock read 5 a.m. He closed his eyes again and found the strength to shut off the alarm, then moved his stiff, exhausted carcass out of bed.

Leaving his wife asleep, he made his way to the bathroom and tried flicking on the light switch—three times! Finally, he got it right. He went to grab the handle to close the bathroom door and missed it. Damn! As he went to set the toilet seat down, it slipped. SLAM! What the fuck! I see it’s gonna be one of those days.

Upon leaving the bathroom, he peeked out to see if he woke his wife. She snored softly and he sighed. He took his time getting dressed, being careful not to drop anything else and then slipped into the kitchen for a needed cup of coffee. As the coffee brewed, he microwaved a hastily made a meatloaf sandwich. The coffee gave him a nice jolt of energy but not to the point where he felt wide awake. Time to head to the shop.

He walked through the shop’s door, and his nostrils flared, like they did every morning, at the strong aroma of fish. He switched on the lights and began preparing for another work day. Manny, Leon, and Billy would show up in about an hour.

The bells over the door tinkled. Jake turned and smiled when he saw Manny entering the shop and wondered what story he’d dish out about the passengers he’d carried as an Uber driver last night. Most of them were hilarious, a few were pretty scary, and others were downright raunchy. Jake knew that most New Yorkers weren’t very shy. As the two of them moved fish from the freezer into the refrigerated case out in the front of the shop, the bell tinkled again and Leon stepped in. Manny started his stories all over again. Jake was awake now but knew if he slowed down, he’d be ready for a nap. Once Manny finished with his stories, both he and Leon retreated to the back room of the shop.

Sometime later, while Jake bent down to place fish in the display case, the bell over the door went off. Jake stood, expecting to see Billy. Instead, two men wearing baseball caps and dark clothing were standing in front of the case with handguns drawn. Jake threw up his hands.

“All right, old man. Give us your cash.”

“Okay. It’s in the register,” Jake said, his voice trembling. 

“Hurry up,” one of the robbers said.

As Jake removed the cash from the register, he heard footsteps coming up behind him from the back room. Manny walked out carrying an armful of trout.

“Don’t move, asshole,” a robber said. “Who else is here, old man?”

“Just me and him. That’s all. Here, take the money.”

The robber nearest the register grabbed the cash while the other robber ordered them into the back room. Jake suddenly thought of Leon, who he’d forgotten about. He didn’t mean to lie to the robbers, and he worried about what these guys would do once they saw another person back there.

The robbers followed Jake and Manny into the well-lit back room. Leon placed a tub of iced-down catfish atop the stainless-steel counter and said, “What the hell is going on?”

A shot rang out. Leon grunted before dropping to the floor. Jake’s ears rang as he tried controlling his brewing panic. He’d been at that location for over ten years and this is the first time he’d been robbed. Leon was just a teenager when he hired him to keep him out of trouble, and they’d become close friends over the years. Now, the horror of watching blood pool around Leon’s body paralyzed Jake's vocal chords, and if help didn’t arrive soon, Leon would die. After watching his employee and friend being shot, Jake knew the score—that survival was limited at best, but it was possible. He took a second glance at the robbers, studied their faces for those few tenths of a second, and realized he recognized them.

Another shot rang out.

Jake’s body jolted as a hot burning sensation saturated his upper chest. He became breathless and dropped to the ground, gulping for air.

A third shot sounded.

A figure slumped to the floor in front of Jake. Through his searing pain, he saw Manny’s face, eyes squeezed tight, bearing his teeth and bleeding from his torso. Jake couldn’t help connecting his insomnia to the events that took place over the last few minutes. Then the horrifying thought that he might sleep forever crossed his mind, separating him from his wife for eternity. He continued gulping air as his ears picked up footsteps quickly retreating from the back of the shop. Jake saw his own blood pooling around him, and he gulped in air quicker. He lost consciousness a few times, finding it very difficult to stay coherent.

*****

Billy was late for work that day. He knew Jake would be okay with it, but Billy hated being late. This was the new Billy, the responsible Billy, and the Billy who didn’t have to look over his shoulder anymore. However, this morning, most of the buses were running late, and people were bustling about, making his walk more difficult. 

About half a block from the fish market, he saw the shop’s door swing open, then two guys in dark clothing ran out. Unusual, yes—but suspicious, no. He’d seen many younger guys and gals run from the market because their mothers were waiting. If only their mothers took a little time planning, he thought. That’s what he used to do when betting on the fights. Then he recognized his line of thought and wiped it from of his mind, instead turning his thoughts to what Jake will say to him for being late.

Billy stepped into the shop ready with his excuses. Where was everyone? On most days, Jake was out front whenever he showed up. There was no noise coming from the back. Strange. Usually, Manny and Leon would be talking shit to each other until Jake shut them up once customers began arriving. The air felt different. Those two guys running out of the shop and the absence of noise from the back triggered his defenses.

He crept around the refrigerated counter, scooping up a knife that sat near the food slicer. Jake never left knives sitting by themselves if he wasn’t in the room. He treasured those goddamn things. Billy’s hand shook as he entered the unknown circumstances in the back room. 

“Oh, God!” Billy shouted as he swooped in on Jake, placing the knife down by Jake’s side.

Jake’s pained eyes opened and whispered in a gravelly voice, “Billy, it was the Granger boys. They robbed and shot us.”

“Shhh. Don’t talk. I’ll call for help.”

Billy turned his attention to Manny and Leon. Manny's legs were still moving, but Leon lay perfectly still with his vacant eyes staring into death’s face, a close friend lost for some unknown reason. Tears welled while the tightening grip on the lump in his throat throbbed. He dropped his head and sighed heavily. Then he got up and called 911.

After the frantic phone call, Billy rushed around to retrieve every clean towel and smock he could find. His stomach twisted at the sight of their bloody wounds as he pressed the balled pieces of cloth against them. Each time his sight swept past Leon’s blank eyes, his shins prickled but he didn’t let it stop him. He took care of his friends as best he could, trying to fight adrenaline’s strong arm.

Billy flinched upon hearing the jingling bells. Please let it be help. He held his breath. Coming through the back-room entrance were a pair of cops followed by EMT paramedics.

“Help them. Help them, dammit!” Billy screamed as his voice choked near the end.

One of the officers pulled him away to allow the paramedics to get busy. For the first time since discovering his friends, he found himself breathing and was exhausted never realizing how busy he became trying to help. He stooped over and grasped his knees to catch his breath.

As his breaths came easier, he remembered Jake’s clipped words—it was the Granger boys. He took a deep breath, rose, and stood straight and tall. The Granger boys, he thought. He recalled Widow Granger as being one of the sweetest patrons he’d ever met since he started working for Jake. The scent of her awesome homemade chocolate chip cookies could clobber the market’s fishy odor in a manner of minutes, and they were irresistible. On occasion, either one of her sons accompanied her to help carry her food, but Billy never felt a sense of danger whenever they showed up. They seemed like pretty cool standup guys and never gave Jake or anyone else any trouble. How could he have been so wrong about them?

*****

Constance arrived home and paused when she found Billy slumped down on the couch with the television blaring away. She set her purse on the table by the door and clasped her hands as she approached him. She eased down next to him and kissed him. His lips were cold and unfeeling.

“What’s wrong, Billy?” she asked. His eyes dove to his lap, and his lips pursed. It looked like he was trying to be evasive again. She'd seen the same behavior over the years and knew the signs, but this time something was different, something much more serious. 
 
He reached down and rubbed his shins. Her eyes widened as she drew back.

Billy sat back and slowly turned to look at her. The pain in his eyes made her well up. Before she could say anything, he said, “Constance. It…it…it was Jake.”

“What?”

“Jake, Manny, and Leon. They were shot earlier this morning.” His eyebrows arched and tears flowed freely. “Leon’s dead. They killed him.”

“Oh my god. I’m sorry, baby. What about Jake and Manny?” Constance asked after grasping his hands.

“They’re in the hospital, but I don’t know how they’re doing. I found them. I found them in the back room of the fish market. There was so much blood, and Leon…his eyes…oh god, his eyes!” Billy’s body convulsed as he broke down into full-blown sobbing. Constance pulled him close and held on tight.

That night, Constance was jolted from an uneasy sleep. In her dream, Billy chased after her, however, when she turned back, it was someone else she didn’t know behind her. She ran as fast as she could, but the man closed in fast. She screamed, sending her pleas for help through Brooklyn's alleys, but they went unheard. Eventually, he seized her arm and yanked her around. Another scream pierced the air when she saw the barrel of a gun being pointed right at her eye.

She awoke breathing heavily and with her heart racing. She lifted on one elbow, wiped the beads of sweat from her forehead, and tried to catch her breath as her eyes focused on the thin slivers of light beaming through the closed blinds. She’d never had a dream like that before, but what frightened her more was that she could remember everything after waking. She didn’t understand why she was running from Billy. She’d never run away from her love.

Billy made some sounds, and she turned to look at him.

Beneath the covers, she could see Billy’s legs moving and his hands were opening and closing. He began mumbling. She moved closer to hear what he was saying. It was all gibberish until one word stood out, “Grangers.”

Without any other context, she couldn’t figure out what it meant to Billy. It was an unusual word to be inside a dream. Then he said it again, this time louder. From his tone, whatever it meant to Billy, he was unhappy with it. His movements became more erratic, and she reached over to hold him.

Billy jumped up, knocking Constance back. His eyes were wild, like those of an excited beast. If she didn’t know any better, she could have sworn he was ready to kill someone. She yelled, “Billy! Billy! It’s me. Wake up. Look at me.”

“Grangers!” he said in a thick tone she’d never heard leave his mouth before.

“Billy, come on. Look at me.” She tugged on his face until they were eye to eye.

“Constance?”

“Yes, it’s me. You’re okay. I’m here.”

“Oh, Constance. That was the worst nightmare I've ever had. Oh my god!”

“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked through the bedroom’s dim light.

“No. No. I don’t want to think about it anymore. God, the last thing I need today is to remember a nightmare.”

“Billy, are your shins troubling you again?”

“Why would you ask me that?” He turned to her with a confused look.

“Look,” she said as she pointed to the covers. Both of his hands were rubbing his shins up and down.

“Damn, I didn’t know I was rubbing them. Anyway, they don’t hurt.”

“Are you sure. It looked like you were rubbing them pretty hard a moment ago.”

“They’re fine! They’re fine.”

“Okay, sweetheart. Okay. Don’t get mad. I’m just concerned, that’s all.”

“I know you are. I’ve had a really hard day, and now that damn nightmare is fuckin’ with me. I didn’t mean to snap at you.”

“I know. Try to go back to sleep. Here, snuggle into me.”

Just then, a wisp of an idea breezed through her mind; ask him about Grangers now. Her mouth opened, but when she felt his chest rising and falling she let the idea go. After a while, the sounds of his soft snores lulled her off to sleep.

*****

She woke the next day to her alarm, her mind devoid of all thought, and she languished in the joy of finally obtaining a bit of restful sleep. She laid back down and turned toward Billy.

He was gone.

Her mind began percolating events from last night; her nightmare and her conversation with Billy. She took it a step further when she realized Billy couldn’t go to work because of the robbery. He’d be in the apartment alone. Alone. Bad things tended to happen whenever he’s left in the apartment alone, and she didn’t want to leave him, at least not today. What convincing lie could she devise to take the day off? 

She sat on the side of the bed with a maddening grip on the edge of the mattress. A lie…a lie. Nothing—nothing came to mind. The tightness in her chest and temples eased when she discovered that her only choice was to go to work and leave Billy alone.

She got up and walked out of the bedroom only to find him on the couch in front of the television leaning on his left elbow.

“Good morning, baby,” Constance said with a sweet voice. “How come you’re up so early?”

“Constance, you look beautiful this morning.”

“Stop it, Billy. I haven’t even cleaned myself up yet.”

“No need. To answer your question, last night was a doozy. A train of nightmares rumbled through my mind. If you really want to know, I was too scared to go back to sleep.”

Constance ventured over to him and sat down while he sat up. She held his face with both hands and pressed her lips upon his, parting them slightly, and allowing her tongue to taste the odorous saliva of his mouth; Billy’s tongue returned the favor. If only she could make up a lie, she could relieve his stress by staying in bed while making love all day. She pulled away slowly and saw the familiar sparkles in his eyes that attracted her the first time they met. She sighed and said, “I love you, Billy.” His arm slipped beneath her robe and caressed her ribcage just below her breast. A soft sigh escaped from her.

“I love you too, Constance.”

“I know. I’ve got to get ready for work. Will you be okay here by yourself?” she asked, lifting her eyebrows.

“I’m sure I will. I have nowhere to go today. I might call around to see what hospitals Jake and Manny are in. Hopefully, I can talk to one of them.”

“That would be good. Try to stay inside the apartment today, okay? I get worried when you’re out there by yourself.”

“I’ll try. Like I said, where am I gonna go?”

She rose from the couch, clutching her robe before something serious and time-consuming between the two began and returned to the bedroom, but before entering the bathroom, she grabbed her cell phone off her nightstand.

With the bathroom door closed and the shower running, her lovingness toward Billy bent back toward suspicion. Glaring at her phone’s screen, her finger swiped and pecked away until she found Detective Winter’s number, which she entered after receiving his card. Making the call meant possibly betraying the person she loved, but her mind lingered on the past murders. If Billy was responsible for those them, she didn’t want to see him getting hurt but he had to face up to them. Her mind drifted back to how he looked as he laid in the hospital months ago, helpless. Her growing confusion churned like the steam rising from behind the shower curtain, and the corners of her eyes ached as tears welled.

She took a second look at her phone, then realized she’d unintentionally memorized the detective’s number. Was it a sign? If Billy is guilty, the right thing to do was stop him. She had a sudden urge to scream but bit her lip. She sniffed in the mucus rolling down her nose, swiped on the phone’s screen and called her job.

“Hello, Mr. Reinhart. This is Constance. I need to take the day off today. I’ve been summoned to the police station…” She had no idea if her boss would fall for the lie.

“No, I’m not in any trouble. It’s one of my friends…” She watched the steam rise toward the ceiling.

“Yes, they’re okay, but he was attacked and I saw the attacker. They want me to give them a description…”

“Yes, it’s mandatory. I’ll make up my time on the weekend if you let me…”

“Thank you, Mr. Reinhart. I’m sorry this was so last minute…”

“Yes, that’s my shower running in the bathroom. I have to get ready…”

“I will and thanks again, sir!”

She'd done it. She’d told a convincing lie, but it wasn’t completely untrue. In her mind, the friend who was attacked was Billy, and she was going to give Detective Winter’s a description of her suspicions. With that rationalization, today was going to be the day she discovered if Billy was innocent or guilty.
 
Search for the Truth

Those bizarre visions that streamed through Billy’s mind last night took a toll on him, and she wished he'd go back to bed, at least for a couple of hours. The heavy dark circles beneath his eyes were worrisome, but she was more stunned by how soft-spoken he was. Even though his gentle touches felt wonderful beneath her robe, they were oddly strange as if he was fumbling with something unknown. His rambunctious nature was missing. With heaviness in her heart, she made his kiss goodbye count this morning right before she exited the apartment, then she cruised down the street to the neighborhood Starbucks, her mind focused on what she had to do next.

The line at the coffee shop was shorter than she'd expected which was perfect, and when her turn came, a triple mocha Frappuccino is what she chose. She spotted an empty table by the windowless wall near the middle of the shop and headed for it while taking her first sip. Her cheeks flushed as the sweet concoction slid down her throat, and she hoped no one stared at her uncontrolled grin. She settled back into the chair, placing her drink on the table, then drew her phone from her purse. Once again, she swiped until the detective’s phone number appeared. She called.

“Hello, this is Detective Winters of the Sixty-third Precinct. Can I help you?”

“Hello, Detective Winters. This is Constance Bellucci.”

“Ahh, Miss Bellucci. How are you today?”

“I’m fine and yourself?” She took another sip of her morning drink.

“Ya know. It’s morning, I’ve got my cup of coffee, and right now I’m going through some paperwork. Same ole, same ole. What can I do for you today?”

“Well, Detective. I…I don’t know, but I’m worried about Billy. I’m sure you've heard about the robbery at the fish market off Clarkson Avenue by now. Well, that’s where Billy worked and the people hurt were his coworkers.”

“You’re kidding! Yes, I heard about it. Has Billy said anything to you?”

“No. When I came home last night, he told me about it. He looked so pathetic.”

“That was one of the most useless crimes I’ve seen in a while. Two innocent people hurt and one killed.”

“Billy’s the one who found them.”

“No shit! He must’ve felt like he was hit by a Mack truck. But why are you phoning me about it?”

“Well, Billy won’t be going back to work for a while. He’s home alone again, just like the last two times. And…well…those other murders took place while I was at work and Billy was home alone.”

“I see. Did you see him rubbing his shins this morning?”

“No, but last night he had a series of horrible nightmares that woke me. We discussed them for a bit, and that's when I caught him rubbing his shins. He had no idea he was doing it.” She didn't want to divulge her own nightmare to the detective.

“Hmmm.” Constance shifted in her seat and sat forward to take another sip of her drink. Her palms were getting sweaty during the long pause. “All right, Miss Bellucci, what do you need from me?”

“Well, I was wondering…I mean, I was hoping if you’re allowed to do it. Umm…could we watch him to see if he leaves the apartment today? I’m really worried about him. I don’t want to get him into any trouble, and I really don’t want him to get hurt. I don’t know what to think anymore. I mean, I don’t think he’d do it, but his shins…” She sobbed silently.

“Look, Miss Bellucci, I can perform a stakeout on him for a while this morning, but I do have other cases. You do understand that?”

“Yes…yes, I do. Can I ask you one more favor?”

“What is it?”

“Can I ride with you?”

“That’s a very unorthodox request. Why would you want to do that?”

“I just have to know. It will put my mind at ease if I know he’s innocent. He’s just got to be innocent.”

“Well, a short stakeout won’t be bad. Okay, where are you?”

“I’m at Starbucks on the corner of Flatbush and Kings Highway.”

“Yes, I know it. I’ll be there in about twenty minutes or less.”

“Thank you. Thank you so much, Detective Winters.”

“You’re welcome. See you in a bit.” 

She hung up and took another sip, thinking that now she’d done it. She’d set the police on her boyfriend, and if he was guilty, he was going to jail. No turning back. But if he was innocent, she wondered if she would be able to keep her deceit from him. Would it slip out during a casual conversation with him…or his friends? She sat back holding her drink in her hand and took a long, continuous sip to help wash the guilt away.

*****

She’d just finished checking her watch when she saw Detective Winters come through the door. While taking her final sip, she could feel her hands shaking. The detective didn’t display a true smile nor was he stone-faced. She stood, and as she approached him, she tossed the remainder of her caffeinated drink in the trashcan by the door.

The detective held the door for her, and she offered him a smile as she passed through, but greetings weren’t spoken until they were outside.

“So, Miss. Bellucci, are you ready for a boring time?”

“What makes you say that?”

“Stakeouts are some of the worst godforsaken wastes of time. I’d have more fun slamming my head against a cinderblock wall.”

“It shouldn’t be that bad. Once he leaves, we’ll follow him, right?”

“Ahh, you just spoke the magic words—once he leaves. I bet you asked him to stay home today, didn’t you?”

“Umm, yes. I didn’t want him to leave.”

“Do you think he’ll do what you asked?”

“I don’t know.”

“And that’s the whole thing about stakeouts. You never know what the person is going to do. They might do something or they might not. That’s what makes them so mind-numbing. You’ll see after about thirty minutes or so. My car is right over there.”

She cocked her head just a bit, confused by what he said but straightened it out when she saw his car. The dirty blue clunker was the last vehicle she wanted to enter and secretly judged that the detective was quite stingy with his money.

She opened the passenger door. The inside was just as bad as the outside. Brushing away specks of something from the seat, she scooted in, closed the door and fastened her seatbelt. If this was a deathtrap, she’d do everything she could to get out alive. Then a peculiar odor wafted up her nose. Her nostrils flared, and she crinkled her nose. It was sort of musty with notes of underarm funk mixed with stale nicotine and hints of old coffee. Just as it began to become overwhelming, the detective rolled down the windows on both sides.

“Sorry about the smell. My old beater has transported a lot of punks, both male and female, to city jail and not all of them smelled as fresh as daisies, you know.”

“Trust me. I can tell. Thank you for rolling down the windows. I’m sorry, but the smoggy air outside smells better than the air inside here.”

“I know, but I’ve become used to it over the years. Your delicate little nose won’t be able to handle it for a while, but after a few minutes of staking out your apartment you won’t even notice it.”

“Are you going to roll up the windows while we're waiting?”

“Of course. If your boyfriend decides to leave, you don’t want him to spot you sitting in a car with another man with the windows rolled down, do you?" Her head shake was very intentional. "I didn’t think so. Let’s go. Show me where you live.”

It was the truth, and the detective had a point. Stakeouts mean not being seen, but she never gambled on having her nose subjected to a smell that could chase away a sewer rat.

Through the traffic noise, she offered up the directions to her apartment. She watched as he passed by her building. What's he doing? She kept her mouth shut. After all, he was the detective. He turned into a narrow alley and backed out, heading back toward her apartment. He passed by once again. Confused, her mouth opened but nothing came out. He turned into another alley and backed out heading back toward her apartment. Then, just like that, he pulled into a parking space on the street by the apartment and placed the car in park, leaving the engine idling. All that for a parking spot. Unbelievable.

As promised, the sound of a soft click followed by muffled motors reached her ears, and the windows rose until shut. The forgotten stench she detected upon first settling into the vehicle became evident once more. She placed a single finger to her nose and from the corner of her eye saw the detective turn and look at her. She turned to him.

“Don’t worry, Miss. Bellucci. In a few minutes, you won’t even notice it.”

“I really wish it could be a few seconds.” The hint of sarcasm in her voice made him smile. The first true emotion she felt from him.

Minutes of uncomfortable silence ticked away. She was never very talkative, and from his slumped posture, leaning against his door staring out the window, she assumed it was the same for him. She kept her eyes on the apartment building's front door wondering if Billy would step outside.

An hour had passed, and their sparse conversations were becoming more infrequent. It dawned on her what the detective meant by boring. Watching a rose bloom in the morning would be more exciting. She shifted in her seat then removed her seatbelt to ease the claustrophobic state of mind flushing over her. The monotony was becoming too much to bear. A distraction was needed. That’s when her cell phone came to mind. She’d been so busy watching the apartment, she’d forgotten about it. Rooting through her purse, she pulled out her saving grace and began swiping away as her mind settled.

“Miss. Bellucci, is that him? That’s Billy, right?”

She looked up and her jaw dropped. It was Billy standing just outside the door wearing his brown jacket. “Oh my god! That’s him.” She watched as he took a seat on the stairs in front of the doorway. Maybe he just wanted to get out of the apartment for some air. She turned to the detective. He sat motionless staring at Billy. Her gazed returned to her boyfriend, and she gasped.

Billy was rubbing both shins with force, the pain on his face was clearly visible.

After a couple of minutes, Billy stood, but something changed about his stature. His head was shifted forward slightly making his back appear hunched.

“Well I’ll be damned,” Detective Winters said in a low, gravelly voice. She turned to him.

“What’s wrong?”

“Oh, nothing. I just thought I recognized something. Don’t worry about it.”

His answer was shrouded in mystery like he knew something but didn’t want to reveal it. That knocked a couple of notches from the trust she had in the detective. 

Billy strode down the stairs and headed away from them. Another gasp escaped. Billy’s gait was different, very different. If she hadn’t seen his face earlier, she wouldn’t have recognized him from behind. It was more determined instead of laid back and free. That stride declared a specific purpose in mind, but where was he heading? She’d just taken a peek into her worst nightmare blooming into fruition.

“You’d better fasten your seatbelt,” the detective said as he shifted the vehicle to drive.

She jerked. She’d been transfixed on Billy when the detective spoke. She fastened up, and Detective Winters ease from the curb.

Traffic was heavier now, and she assisted the detective with Billy’s whereabouts. Her mind returned to many of the television shows where characters follow the bad guys, but Billy wasn’t a bad guy, not until she was sure of it. Caught by a traffic light, she lost sight of him. She moved her head from side to side searching for him. Her eyes shifted to the red circular glow atop the traffic light and sighed. It must be broken; the lights been red for too long. When the light turned green, she sat back up as she willed traffic to begin moving again. A quick glance at Detective Winter’s calm demeanor contrasted with her anxiousness to spot Billy again.

Just when she thought that Billy had eluded them, through a small throng of souls parading along the sidewalk, she spotted his jacket.

“There! He’s up there,” she shouted.

“Yep, I see him. He hasn’t lost me yet.”

Her shoulders slumped. The sudden realization that the detective had never lost sight of him crushed her feelings of being helpful. Easing back into her seat, she focused her attention back on Billy.

Trapped by another traffic light, Billy crossed the street and disappeared in the crowd.

“I lost him again,” she said.

“That’s okay. I see him. He’s strolling past that series of brownstones up on the right.” On the verge of giving up trying to help, he said, “Look at that. He just turned up an alley in between those first two brownstones. That’s nothing but a dead end. Why would he turn into there?”

Once traffic began moving, Constance kept her eye on the alley as Detective Winters pulled over to the curb.

“Look, I want you to stay here. I’m going to leave the car running.”

“Okay.” She wondered what he was going to do.

The detective’s subdued clothing made him fit in with everyone else traipsing up and down the street. She observed the detective spying into the alley as he passed at a slower pace. After passing the alley, he turned back and passed it again, peering into the alley once again. Then he returned to the car and said, “He was on all fours pulling something from beneath a thick metal trash container. I’m not sure what he was looking for, but that alley is filthy so whatever it is must be important. Let’s see where he goes next.”

As the mystery grew in scope, Constance second-guessed her reasons for joining the pursuit. Maybe she should have let Detective Winters pursue Billy alone, but now her affection for Billy placed her in an unexpected situation. Winter’s warned her about stakeout boredom but forgot to mention what happens if a pursuit took place.

Billy reappeared from the alley, and Constance’s eyes widened. That couldn’t be Billy, not with a physique like that. His broad shoulders and thicker waist created a tight fit for his jacket. Winter’s placed the car in drive and rejoined the traffic. Constance’s muscles tensed, and she pressed her feet against the floorboard. She’d had enough.

*****

Winters recognized her body movements. She was scared all right, but Billy's movements were more important. Not wanting to alarm his passenger anymore, he noticed the changes in Billy’s appearance. His usual spiked hair lay against his scalp now, yet his hair wasn’t wet. From the rear, Billy resembled the Incredible Hulk, ready to rip out of the jacket. His body morphed since he stepped from the apartment building, but the detective couldn’t figure out how or why. Yet, there was something familiar about Billy now. He couldn’t quite place it, but the familiarity shook him to the core. Finally, Billy strode in the direction of the fish market, and Winters watched as people parted like the Red Sea as he passed by, as though he instilled fear just from his sight.

“What’s happening to him and where it he going?” Constance asked, her voice shaky.

“You noticed it too. I’m not sure but he’s walking toward his job.”

“He can’t be. Jake and Manny are in the hospital, so the market is closed. Where could he be going?”

“Did he say anything last night when you two spoke after his nightmares?”

“No, not really. Wait. I heard him say something last night while he was dreaming. He mentioned the word Grangers. Does that mean anything?”

“Grangers? Are you sure he said Grangers?”

“Yes, pretty sure.”

“I wonder.” Then there was a long pause. Winters spoke, “I think I know where he’s going.”

“How could you possibly know that?”

The tinges of skepticism in Constance’s voice took him by surprise, but answering her question would be a mistake. He didn’t know for sure. It was only a suspicion for now, but it was an impossible suspicion. He didn’t answer. Instead he kept driving.

Their quest to follow Billy led them to the fish market where he jiggled the door’s handle, but the door never opened. Winters gleaned a sufficient view of Billy’s profile. The person they set off to follow no longer existed. He glanced over at Constance and a mask of fear occupied her face. When he turned back, Billy resumed walking away from the shop.

“Detective Winters, I don’t want to follow him anymore. That’s not my Billy. I don’t know who that is.”

“Do you want me to let you out in this neighborhood? You’re dressed a little too well for this part of town.”

‘No. Can you take me back to the apartment? Please?”

“Miss Bellucci, you wanted me to follow Billy and you asked to join me. Right now, I may be onto something but I’m not quite sure what. I have to follow this through. We both know that the person we’re following is not the Billy we know. I have to find out who he is and what’s he up to. I’ll do everything in my power to keep you safe, but I cannot abandon my duty. Besides, I have a couple of questions for you.” Winters turned the corner to keep Billy in sight, finding empty parking spots along the street. “Okay, is it true that Billy received a bone graft while in the hospital months ago?”

“Yes, he did.”

“And that first time he disappeared then came home. That’s when Charlie and his gang were killed, right?”

“Yes.”

“And the second time he left and came home. That’s when Manny’s attacker was shot and killed.”

“Yes. I know where you’re going with this.”

“I know you do. I know you do. There is a pattern here. Whenever someone hurts him, or someone he cares about gets hurt, he gets revenge, but it's totally out of character for him, right?”

“Yes!  Yes! That’s what I mean. Billy wouldn’t get revenge on anybody. But…but… his bone graft. Rebecca told me about a few cases where the procedure didn’t take as it should have. I think…”

“You think the bone graft is affecting him. I think so too.” He gazed through the windshield to see where Billy was, then pulled the car forward into another empty parking space. He turned to Constance and said, “Listen carefully. I got a good look at him when he stopped at the fish market. That was not Billy. I mean it was him, but it wasn’t. I don’t know how it happened, but his body has been transformed into someone else from my past. Someone I never thought I’d ever see again because he was executed. But now his spirit seems to have taken over Billy’s body.”

“What spirit?” Constance asked, leaning in with a wild look in her eyes.

“The spirit of hitman Kazimir Torbinski. I asked Rebecca whose bone graft material was used in Billy’s legs. Sure enough, it was Torbinski's. During his time on the streets, he was a ruthless killer. Even the mob bosses were weary of him. The man’s conscious was absent his entire life even up to the time when they injected the deadly cocktail of drugs into his body while in prison. We’re after him now.”

“But we don’t know where he’s going?”

“I think I do. I stopped by the hospital and spoke to Jake last night. He said the Granger boys are the ones who robbed him. He mentioned them to Billy also. I’ll bet anything that what used to be Billy is going after the Granger boys.”

“So that’s what Grangers meant last night?”

“Right. When you mentioned it, I didn’t want to say anything to upset you. Now you know everything I know.”

“Now I wish I didn’t. Will Billy ever come back to me?”

“I don’t know, ma’am. I don’t know.” Winters watched Billy turn the corner forcing him to continue his method of leapfrogging to alternate parking spaces.

Suddenly, Billy stopped and turned. Winters’ heart leaped into his throat. He couldn’t let Kazimir, or rather Billy, spot him. He slumped down in his seat and heard Constance follow suit, her breathing intensified.

Lifting his head just enough to see outside, Billy proceeded into an abandoned building. It was an odd move. Winters suspected that the Granger brothers might be hold up in the building.

“Miss Bellucci, you stay here, you understand? Stay in the car. I’ve got to follow this guy.”

“You mean Billy, don’t you?”

“You saw his face. Did that look like Billy to you?” A vail of terror cloaked her face once again. “Remember, stay here. Keep your cell phone close.”

“Don’t hurt him, Detective. Please don’t hurt him.”

It was a ridiculous request but completely understandable. If confronted, he wouldn’t hesitate to pull the trigger multiple times. Appeasement was needed. “I’ll try my damnedest, ma’am, but no promises.” Her face cracked and tears would fall soon enough. He didn’t need to see them. Slipping out the car door, he checked traffic and quickstepped across the street with his hand perched across his chest and underneath his jacket.

Finding his breath after such a quick jaunt made him pause inside the doorway of an abandoned storefront. Assessing his situation, light traffic meant less noise. It’s possible his perp could hear him approaching. Then again, the opposite was true. Pedestrians were absent, which meant no collateral damage if shooting took place. This wasn't the way this day was supposed to turn out. Now his chivalrous ass is out in the street in pursuit of the most feared man he’d ever faced.

Staying close to the storefronts lining that side of the street, Winters recalled their first and only meeting fifteen years ago. His ass was tight enough to breed diamonds as he and Kazimir stood face to face, but the black circle centered in the barrel of Kazimir’s automatic weapon intensified his pucker factor. With his mortality staring him in the face, Winter’s squinted, ready to meet his maker.

Click. Click. Click.

Winter’s eyelids rose, and an urge to shout for joy sat upon his lips. Kazimir’s gun jammed, then Winters fired three times to put him down but not kill him. Kazimir’s fate was left to the justice system, and the State had the last word when Kazimir refused more appeals. That should have been the end of it, but now he’s back and Winters’ pucker factor returned.

Before pulling his gun from beneath his jacket, he wiped his sweaty palms on his pants and took a final look at his car across the street. The sunlight gleaming off the windshield hid Miss. Bellucci's head, which was good. Maybe Billy, or Kazimir, never spotted him when he stopped and turned around. He drew out his gun and pointed it downward as he took a quick jog past the opening to a small driveway. With his back against the abandoned building, he eased toward the door Kazimir used. After a few deep breaths, he stuck his head around the corner. Even through the window’s reflection, he could tell it was dark inside. He said a small prayer then proceeded through the door.

The city’s dry air and the building’s foul stench irritated his throat, and he couldn’t suppress his upcoming cough. He forced the blast of air to the top of his esophagus, his mouth closed with his hand over both his mouth and nose. The pain in his throat radiated down into his chest. Opening his mouth to release the pressure, he inhaled slowly letting the cool air sooth his insides. Turning his ear upward, he listened to every sound coming from atop the staircase he stood next to. The sounds were muffled, but he could tell there was more than one person speaking and he had an idea who it was. Kazimir’s ability to track down the Granger boys in such a short time was incomprehensible, but where was Kazimir?

His last question dangled out in front of him as he remembered Kazimir not being much of a talker, yet he stirred somewhere within the building. The hallway next to the stairs was empty as he came through the door, at least as far as he could see. Kazimir could be waiting to pounce. What were the chances of that? Kazimir didn’t play games. Once he spotted someone, they were dead, and since Winters was still breathing, he had to figure Kazimir climbed the stairs on his way toward the voices.

Winters’ breath came in quick pants as he prepared himself to ascend the dirty concrete staircase. His mind raced as he tried to figure out how to do it without being heard. He had to set his feet straight down on each step so his shoes wouldn’t skid. There was no need to worry about creaking, but he had to stay away from the wooden banister since it looked like a light breeze could bring it down. Without lights at the top of the staircase, only the available light from the doorway could guide him. He caught the sound of his own breathing and quickly quieted it down. His finger was already on the trigger, and he took it away. It was time to do this.

His leg trembled as he lifted it and placed in on the first step. A small sound was produced when he set his foot down, and he stopped breathing. He was sure he’d given himself away. Focusing on the top of the staircase, no one stared back at him. The sound of his jacket against the wall made him lean forward, and he wondered how much more noise could he make. He moved like a cat on carpeted stairs taking care not to be heard. Three-quarters of the way to the top, there were more stairs heading up to the third floor. He couldn’t believe it. He wasn’t prepared to be caught in any narrow, dingy staircase with the killer of the century!

Training his eyes ever skyward looking into the dimmest stairway he’d ever seen, he moved up to the second flight, his breaths abbreviated and shallow. The light was almost gone. He stopped and contemplated what he was going to do when Kazimir appeared. His heartbeat pounded in his ears, and his finger was back on the trigger. He pulled it down once again, then he lifted his leg to step up.

The sound of loud jostling and heavy footsteps came from above.

Winters pointed his gun skyward waiting to shoot anything that moved. Six shots rang out followed by groans and thuds. Winters covered his ears and cringed as the sound pierced his eardrums. When he took his hands down, everything was still—too still. He was sure his heartbeat could be heard, and if not, his breathing had to be clearly audible. He pointed his gun skyward once again, not knowing who would approach him in the stairwell’s darkness. It was just then that he realized sweat rolling down his face and forehead, with some of it pooling right above his eyebrows. The last thing he needed was to be blinded by the saltiness of sweat in his eyes, but he dared not wipe it away now. He kept his eyes trained skyward, tilting his head the best he could to redirect the moisture.

Too much time had passed, and there were no other sounds coming from upstairs. Could everyone be dead? The wrong answer could be the last mistake he’d ever make. His hands trembled, and his finger was back on the trigger. He left it there.

A stealth aircraft had nothing on Winters now. It was time for this to be over. He continued up the stairs where he saw a light coming through a doorway, and he thanked God for it. He preferred seeing who he was about to shoot. He reached the top of the stairway and stopped. Still no noise from inside. Winters’ mouth fell open, and his chest rose and fell as he gathered as much courage as possible. It was time to see what’s inside the room. He held his breath.

In one motion, he swiveled into the room allowing his eyes to sweep across everything. A black figure stood with its back toward him. Winter’s trained his gun on his back right below the neck. One move and he would blow the guys heart out through the front of his chest. The figure stood still as if frozen. Winters noticed two bodies lying on the floor surrounded by small pools of liquid.

“Billy!” Winters shouted.

Billy turned.

Winters fired. 

Billy slipped out of the way.

Winter’s gasped when the light shining through the windows lit Billy’s face. It was Kazimir. Kazimir Torbinski was alive again and pointing his gun at him. Déjà vu! 

The State killed him last time, but this time Winters would make sure he was dead. He unloaded his weapon striking Kazimir each time.

*****

Constance closed in on the building. She had to make sure Billy would be okay. Right after entering the door, she heard shots coming from upstairs.

She stopped.

Tingling invaded her entire body. Was Billy just murdered? Or was it the detective? The silence was unbearable. She began climbing the stairs, her eyes and nostrils wide. She continued upward until she heard someone call Billy’s name. She stopped. There was jostling up above followed by a series of shots. It didn’t matter anymore. She rushed up top, tripping on the way up and nearly smacking her face into the stairs.

She entered the room to see Winters standing over the body of a huge man wearing Billy’s brown jacket. She moved closer and gasped when she saw Winters’ face drained of blood. The man lying dead on the ground was unrecognizable, but he wore the clothes Billy had on this morning. Then before her eyes, the fallen man’s face and body started to morph and shrink until she recognized Billy laying in a pool of blood. She screamed his name, and Winters grabbed her and held her tight. Through her uncontrollable shaking and tears, she couldn’t forget Billy’s concern about his tingling shins.


THE END




Thank you for reading my story. Your opinion of my story is very valuable to me so please take a moment to leave me an honest review at your favorite retailer.

Thanks! 

Pernell Rogers


Discover other supernatural titles by Pernell Rogers at Smashwords.com:

The Dark Stalker
Duane’s Secret
Through Brian’s Eyes
The Meek Curtis Weems
Casualty of Coincidence
The River
It Happens When You’re Alone


