
BACKWOODS 
by Sara Reinke
Published by Sara Reinke
Copyright 2010 Sara Reinke

Names, characters and incidents depicted in this book are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author.  No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author.  

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





CHAPTER ONE

“Hey, McGillis, you know that twenty percent chance of storms you said the National Weather Service predicted for today?” Andrew Braddock called into his hand-held radio as from overhead, a crooked lash of lightning slapped across the underbelly of thick, low-lying rain clouds.  “I’m going to go out on a limb here and say they were a little off.  Over.”
The only response that came back was a low, ominous grumble of thunder and a garble of static through the Motorola Talkabout.  Not that Andrew had expected anything else.  A good forty miles from anything and at least half that deep into the dense forests of the rugged Appalachian foot hills, he hadn’t been able to raise either Ted McGillis or Dean Allcott, the pair of forestry technicians he was working with, for the better part of the last two hours.  
The thunderheads that been distant fixtures all day long, smoke-colored peaks rising among those of the Appalachian foothills, had finally filled the sky like a heavy, steel-grey shroud.  Andrew could smell the rain, crisp and almost metallic, even before the first fat droplets plopped down through the pine boughs and tree crowns, spattering against the plastic dome of his hard hat, a bright orange thing that matched the mesh day-glo vest he wore.  They were hideous, but necessary if he hoped to distinguish himself from a deer or elk through the sights of a poacher’s rifle.  And in the particular corner of southeastern Kentucky in which he currently stood, poachers were more than just a potential threat, they were pretty much a guarantee.  
“Out in those backwoods, you’re in God’s country—His and the drug dealers,” McGillis had told him, laughing at Andrew’s subsequent surprise.  “Oh, yeah.  They’re up there growing marijuana by the acre.  The acre.  With guards posted and everything, armed with machine guns and machetes, I’ve heard.  Not to mention booby traps and tripwires.” 
To counter this possibility, the trio had left their hotel in Pikeville in separate company Jeeps, each equipped with a .22-caliber rifle.  All three had been trained to handle them, and trekked through their respective acres with the guns strapped to their backs.  
“Hey, I’m going to close up shop here, meet you back at the hotel,” Andrew called into his walkie-talkie as the raindrops fell faster.  “You guys copy me on that? Over.”
Still no reply.  But neither McGillis nor Allcott were morons, so Andrew figured if it got wet enough, they’d head back to town, too.  He clipped the radio back onto his belt, then leveled his angle gauge out in front of him, panning it quickly through the last few trees left in his survey plot.  
By the time he made it back to the company Jeep, a late-model Liberty 4x4 with a fat blue W stenciled onto the door, the occasional plump raindrop had turned into a downpour.  He leaped inside, tossing his rifle into the rear compartment, then slammed the door shut and yanked the hard hat from his head.  His hair was soaked beneath, a drenched and dripping mess that clung to his forehead and cheeks and sent a network of interlacing rivulets of icy water sliding past the collar of his shirt and down his back.  
When he started the car, the dash vents belched a thick, moist haze against the inside of the windshield, promptly obliterating any hope of a view ahead of him.  He switched the system over to defrost and sat hunched in his seat, sopping and shivering, waiting for the fog to clear.  
It had taken him a half an hour to get from Highway 460 to the entrance of the expansive property he’d been hired to survey, and from there, another hour at least spent bouncing and jostling along the steep, cragged terrain to reach his first site.  As he used his hand to smear the lingering film of moisture away from the interior glass, he realized he still couldn’t see for shit and that it would probably take him at least twice as long to make his way down from the mountains again with the weather against him.  
Terrific.  He buckled his seatbelt, put the Jeep in gear and maneuvered it in a tight semi-circle, feeling the deep treads of the tires grinding for slippery purchase in the mud beneath him.  Already, he could see rain forming shallow but expanding ponds along the rutted trail he’d followed.  
By the time Andrew reached the highway, the windshield wipers were having trouble keeping pace with the torrential sheets pelting against the glass, even at top speed.  The windshield started to fog again and Andrew glanced down, taking his hand off the gearshift long enough to reach for the temperature control, to swing it from the mid-level cool zone all of the way to bright red hot.  A sudden blur of motion out of the corner of his eye snapped his gaze back to the windshield and the world immediately beyond it and he had less than a second to see something pinned by the stark white glare of the Jeep’s headlamps—bipedal, upright and what appeared to be naked, it looked like a man, except its back was hunched in a sharp hook like a question mark, its arms and legs hideously elongated.  There was nothing discernable to its face but its mouth; wide open and gaping, it shrieked at the oncoming Jeep.  
“Holy shit!” Andrew shrieked back, because there was no way he would miss the thing, whatever it was.  
Another vehicle whipped around a sharp bend in the road almost immediately ahead of him, a very large truck that dwarfed the Jeep at least once over, with bright headlights that punched through the cab, impaling the creature between them in sudden, blinding glow.  
“Holy shit!” Andrew slammed his boot hard enough against the brake pedal to nearly raise his hips out of the driver’s seat.  The wheels lost their tenuous grasp against the rain-slick pavement and the back end of the truck began to swing, skidding wide in a broad, wild arc.  
He struck the thing that had darted out into the road in front of him, hearing a solid, heavy THUMP as the hood buckled with the forceful impact.  The airbag deployed with a loud, startling BANG, mashing his lips against his teeth, snapping his head back  and stunning the senses from him.  
The Liberty rolled, crashing first onto its side and then over again onto its top.  Again and again, the Jeep traded its ass for its fenders, rolling down a steep hillside, smashing into trees, battering across rocky outcroppings, gaining momentum with every rotation.  Snapped to and fro like a rag doll in a clothes dryer by the tether of his seatbelt, Andrew’s head slammed into the passenger side window once, then twice.  Three times was apparently the charm, because on the third blow, he heard the tinkling of splintered glass, stunning the senses from him.  
The sound of rushing water brought him to, close enough and loud enough to rouse him from murky unconsciousness.  For a long, groggy, hurting moment, he struggled to get his bearings.  
The Jeep had come to a rest on its roof at the bottom of the hill, apparently landing in a rain-swollen creek.  That torrential current, fueled to flash flood capacity, had engulfed the Jeep and streamed through cracks and holes in the broken windows.  
Andrew tilted his head back, trying to peer around the airbag.  Enough water had entered the Jeep to cover the interior roof, which was now, for all intents and purposes, the floor.  The shallow depth was rapidly rising.  A nearby skittering sound as a spider web of cracks in the window began to widen with the water’s force let him know it was about the get a lot deeper.  
“Shit.” Blindly, he groped for his seat belt.  
Plink! 
The glass in the Jeep was tempered, designed to break in hundreds of tiny shards that were, in theory, to be of less potential destructiveness than any gigantic, jagged fragments.  But now those miniscule pieces were beginning to pop out, shoved out of place by the rushing current, allowing a steadily increasing series of fountains to pour into the cab, narrow streams of muddy water that splattered against his face and quickly raised the water level to the crown of his head.  
Plink! Plink plink!
More and more of them began to go, like popcorn in a pan atop a heated stove, and Andrew gritted his teeth, fumbling with the buckle to release the seatbelt.  Just as his fingertips brushed the belt release button, the glass crumpled, spilling in a sudden torrent of water almost directly into his face.  He didn’t even have time to suck in a startled breath before silt-filled water rushed down his throat, his nose.  He thrashed in his seat, his hands slapping helplessly as the water quickly swallowed his face and head, enveloping his torso.  
Seconds felt like excruciating hours, his lungs burning with the desperate need for air, his fingers pawing uselessly at the strap of his shoulder harness.  He opened his eyes but there was nothing to see but a dizzying mess of air bubbles suspended and whirling inside a frothy mess of brown water.  When his eyes rolled back in his skull, he watched the world seem to upturn.  His body fell limp, his struggles waning.  His mind faded and his throat relaxed, water coursing down into his gut in an unabated flood.  He felt an arm reach across his chest, someone leaning past him to jerk the buckle of the seat belt loose of its moorings and free him, and thought he was dreaming.  
“I’ve got you.”
That was the next thing Andrew was fully aware of, a woman’s voice, barely audible over the roll of thunder, the steady backbeat of rain.  He felt strong hands clasping his shoulders and the muddy but solid surface of the ground beneath him as the woman lay him back.  For a moment, he blinked dazedly up, watching rain spill down directly into his face, and then his belly heaved and he writhed with a gulp, vomiting the dirty water he’d swallowed.  
“Easy, now,” the woman said, rolling Andrew onto his side.  When lightning flashed overhead, Andrew caught a bleary glimpse of her, her shadow-draped face and rain-soaked clothes, a mottled combat uniform with patches sewn onto the breast.  U.S. ARMY, the left one said, while on the right, a name stenciled in heavy black letters: SANTORO.  “You’re safe now.”


CHAPTER TWO

Andrew rode shotgun in the military Humvee, while the woman, Santoro, handled the broad steering wheel and gear shift with white-knuckled proficiency.  The rain continued to pour, thundering against the truck roof, and the windshield wipers swept a furious cadence, peeling back the water in sheets.  
“What was that back there?” he groaned, pressing his fingertips to his sore temple.  Upon helping him up into the transport’s cab, the woman had rifled through a metal first aid kit long enough to find a large gauze pad.  Andrew had lacerated his scalp along his hairline, and the pad, which remained over the wound, was soaked through.  
“What was what?” She’d long since turned the Humvee off the paved two-lane highway in favor of a steep, rutted dirt path through the forest.  They’d passed through a razor-wire lined chain link fence, one with a key pad entry to the towering gate and a large sign posted: Property of U S. Government.  No trespassing.  Violators will be prosecuted.  Although Santoro had tried several times, her motions furious as she’d jabbed in a sequence of numbers, the gate hadn’t opened.  At last, grumbling and scowling, she’d climbed out of the cab, leaving the big truck’s engine rumbling, and had crossed the broad swaths of headlight beams to manually wrestle open the gate.  
Andrew had struggled ever since to remember if he’d noticed anything like an Army base on any of his area maps.  The area they’d been contracted to survey consisted of slightly less than ten thousand forested acres, but surrounding these had been another forty thousand belonging to private owners.  To the best of his recollection, he hadn’t seen any labeled as federal lands.  There was no way to check now.  The maps, like his Jeep, remained behind them somewhere at the bottom of the rain-flooded ditch.  
“That thing in the road.  It ran out in front of me.  That’s why I swerved.” Andrew opened his eyes again, lowering the gauze pad, blinking at her.  “You’ve got to have seen it.  It was some kind of animal, a bear maybe, walking on its hind legs.”
Only if it had been a bear, it had been unlike any Andrew had ever seen or heard of—hairless, its proportions gangly and grotesque, its mouth that wide, shrieking O.  
Santoro shook her head.  “I didn’t see anything.  Just your headlights coming at me dead on.” She glanced at Andrew.  “Have you been out here hunting?”
Because her gaze had been directed primarily at Andrew’s orange vest, similar in appearance to those hunters sometimes wore, this was a pretty reasonable assumption.  
“No,” Andrew said, grimacing as the Humvee bounced through a particularly nasty rut in the terrain, knocking him sideways into the door.  
“This is all private property,” Santoro said.  “Federally owned.  You could face criminal charges if you’re caught.”
“I wasn’t hunting,” Andrew said.  “I’m a forester.  My name’s Andrew Braddock.” He offered a shake but she cut his outstretched hand a dubious glance, then returned her attention to the windshield.  Dropping his hand back to his lap, he continued.  “I work for an environmental consulting firm.  We were hired by Atlantic Seaboard Power and Electric Cooperative.  They own about ten thousand acres just north of here and want to thin it out.  I’ve been out timber cruising.”
Another suspicious look.  “Out what?” 
“Timber cruising,” he said again.  “Counting trees.  You know, getting an estimate of what kind of removal scope they’re looking at.  That’s what they call it.”
“You’ve been counting trees,” Santoro repeated and Andrew nodded.  “Ten thousand acres worth.” She managed a snort of laughter.  “Hope you brought a calculator.” 
As the Humvee pulled at first off the bouncing, jarring dirt road onto the relatively smooth surface of paved concrete, then came to a stop, Andrew looked around.  
“Here.” Santoro killed the truck engine and lights, plunging the interior of the cab into sudden darkness.  She pivoted in her seat, producing a wadded up plastic rain parka.  “Put this on.  Pull the hood up.  I’ll come around and help you out.”
And with that, with no protective gear of her own, she swung open the driver’s side door and hopped into the downpour, the heavy soles of her combat boots slapping in the water ponding on the tarmac.  When the door slammed shut behind her, it sent a residual tremor through the entire truck.  
Andrew cocked his head, peering curiously out the window, using his hand to wipe away the thin condensation that formed near his mouth against the glass.  At first, he couldn’t see anything outside through the heavy veil of rain, but then thought he caught the hint of something big and shadow-draped close by, a building of some sort with all of the lights darkened inside.  
He jerked in surprise as Santoro’s silhouetted form suddenly came into view.  The hinges creaked as she pulled the door open, her shoulders hunched against the rain.  
“Come on.” She held out her hand expectantly.  Andrew unfastened his seat belt and accepted her help in climbing down from the cab.  Rain pelted him, pounding against the poncho, and he nearly lost his balance once his feet were beneath him.  A momentary swell of light-headedness came over him and he stumbled.  
“I’ve got you,” she said, draping his arm across her shoulders, slipping her own around his waist.  He was probably a good four inches taller than her and at least forty pounds heavier, and she gritted her teeth, grunting softly as she bore the brunt of his unsteady weight.  
Together, they approached a shallow overhang, the entrance to the building Andrew had glimpsed only a hint of before.  It remained dark and looming in the shadows, its Spartan façade illuminated in staccato bursts by the occasional wink of lightning from overhead.  
Santoro left Andrew to lean heavily against the wall while she opened one of a pair of glass doors.  A sign beside the doors read: DARPA Appalachian Research Facility.  
She led him inside into a lobby.  Lightning through tall windows lit against decorated gold-framed landscapes on the walls, artful displays of silk flowers, exposed hardwood floors and leather-upholstered furniture, accoutrements more suited to a haute hotel rather than any Army station Andrew had ever seen.  
“What is this place?” he asked.  
“Stay here.” Santoro ignored his inquiry, delivering Andrew to a chair and letting him crumple unceremoniously into the seat.  “Don’t move.”
Striding briskly out the nearest doorway, she left him alone in the dark.  For a long time, there was nothing but the steady cadence of rainfall against the pavement outside, the low timbre of thunder, the fluttering glow of lightning.  He leaned his aching head back against the closest wall, feeling his wet hair press coolly against the back of his neck.  
I need to try and raise McGillis or Allcott.  He knew it would be futile, but reached for his radio anyway, reaching beneath the poncho and his soaked shirt to unclip it from his belt.  
“McGillis, do you copy me?” he asked, keeping his eyes closed as he drew the radio to his mouth.  He let up on the mic button and listened to sputtering static.  After a moment, he tried again.  “Allcott, are you out there? Over.”
Still nothing.  With a groan, Andrew opened his eyes, meaning to chuck the worthless radio across the room.  He stopped short when he saw a little girl less than three feet away, staring at him, her dark hair messily askew as if she’d just roused from bed.  
“Uh.” Startled, he managed a clumsy smile.  “Hey, there.  Hi.”
The girl didn’t smile back and continued studying him with a sort of cool scrutiny, as if examining a particularly large preying mantis or other exotic insect specimen.  “You’re wet,” she said at length.  
 “Uh, yeah,” he said, wincing as he straightened more fully in the seat.  “It’s raining outside.”
The girl didn’t say anything, just looked at him.  
“I’m Andrew.” He tried to smile again.  “What’s your…”
The girl turned around and walked away, disappearing into the shadows beyond the doorway.  
“…name?” Andrew finished, alone again.  Sighing, he forked his fingers through his hair, shoving it in a wet, heavy flap back from his face.  Well, that went well, he thought.  
****
Santoro returned shortly after that, armed with a flashlight and accompanied by a another woman, older and blonde.  
“…the infirmary’s locked up and with the power out, the key pad won’t work,” she was saying.  
“I’ve got the key,” the blonde replied.  Then, as Santoro shined the high-intensity beam directly into Andrew’s face, blinding him, she whistled.  “Boy.  You weren’t kidding.”
“About what?” Andrew grimaced, drawing his hand toward his face, trying to shield his eyes from the glare from the other woman, Santoro’s flashlight.  
The blonde laughed.  “About you bleeding like a stuck pig.” 
****
It was the smell that had done it, that distinctive, unmistakable smell of medical asepsis.  The moment the blonde woman had dug a set a keys from the pocket of her slacks and unlocked a pair of double doors, that odor had wafted out in a sterile huff, taking Andrew back in time eight years and to an Intensive Care ward in Anchorage, Alaska, where his older sister, Beth, had lay dying.  
Hey, Germ.  
He imagined Beth’s voice, saw her face in his mind, weary and weak, her dark eyes ringed by shadows.  She’d tried to smile for him the last time he’d seen her alive, her body draped and tangled in a mess of life support tubes and wires.  ‘Germ’ had been her pet name for him, an affectionate little dub she’d come up with when he’d been no more than a toddler.  
“Are you alright?”
Andrew blinked, snapping out of his distant thoughts to find Santoro turned to face him, her brow raised inquisitively.  “Fine,” he said, and because his voice sounded strained, he coughed once and tried again.  “I’m fine.” 
The clinic looked like a comprehensive hospital ward, with a clerical station in the center, and individual patient rooms framing it in a broad circumference.  All appeared empty, dark beyond the thresholds.  “Bring him in here,” the blonde called to Santoro as she ducked inside one.  
She introduced herself as Dr. Suzette Montgomery.  “That’s the M.D.  variety, not Ph.D.,” she assured him.  This didn’t eased his anxiety much as she wielded a needle with what turned out to be surgical precision to stitch up his scalp wound, primarily because he thought he smelled the distinct, pungent odor of liquor on her breath.  
“All done,” she said with a smile and a final snip of the suturing thread.  
Andrew brushed his fingertips curiously, cautiously against the neat little column of stitches.  “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.  What say we get you something dry to change into?” Suzette glanced toward Santoro, also still damp and dripping.  “You think you could find some extra clothes for Mister…ah…” She glanced at Andrew.  
“Braddock,” he supplied.  “Andrew Braddock.”
Santoro remained rooted in spot for a long moment, a silhouette behind the beam of her flashlight.  “Oh, come on,” Suzette said.  “It’s not going to take you five minutes.  I promise not to let him out of my sight.”
At last, Santoro offered the lamp, butt-first, to Suzette.  “I’ll be right back,” she said.  “Keep him here.”
As she left, thunder rumbled from overhead and outside, low and thrumming through the infirmary walls.  Suzette directed the light back into Andrew’s face again and he turned his head away, flinching.  
“Sorry.” The beam moved again as she crossed to a small cabinet against the far wall.  “I’m going to draw a couple of blood samples real quick.  Do you mind?”
Andrew shook his head, then held the flashlight, aiming it under her direction, and watched the doctor wrap a slim strap of rubber around his upper arm, just beneath his bicep muscle.  Using her fingertips, Suzette tapped and prodded at the inner crook of Andrew’s elbow until a knot of blue veins bulged beneath the surface.  
“So what brings you to these parts, Mister Braddock?” she asked.  
“Andrew,” he said, and she glanced up and smiled.  “I’ve been out working in the woods.  I’m a forester.”
Her smile remained affixed, playful and coquettish.  “You mean like Smokey the Bear?”
“No.” For the first time since his arrival, he relaxed enough to laugh.  As he had with Santoro, he explained his survey work to Suzette.  And, like Santoro, she’d looked at him rather doubtfully.  
“You’re counting trees,” she said.  “In the middle of a forest.”
He laughed again.  “Not all of them.  Just the hardwood species.”
“Oh.” With another coy smile, she dragged this syllable out, letting it hang in the air between them.  
“And it’s more of an estimate, not an actual count.”
“Oh,” she said again, then dropped him a wink.  “Better you than me.”
With an ease so expert, Andrew hardly even felt the pin prick, she inserted the hypodermic syringe and began to fill one of the tubes with a sudden, steady flow of blood.  
“There,” she said once she’d finished.  “I’ll get you some acetaminophen.  You’re banged up pretty good.  You’re going to be sore.”
Going to be? Andrew was already becoming steadily aware of aches and stiffness in his neck and shoulders, a strained and uncomfortable tension down the length of his spine.  It felt like a dwarf with a mallet and Chinese gong was beating out Beethoven’s fifth symphony behind his temples.  
Suzette offered a paper-wrapped packet of Extra-Strength Tylenol caplets.  “Thanks,” he murmured, popping the pills into his mouth, letting them lay for the moment, bitter against his tongue.  
“So the good news is you’re going to live.” She turned to a little corner sink and drew a Dixie paper cup from a dispenser mounted on the wall.  “The bad news is you’re going to be here, at least for tonight.” With a wink and a laugh, Suzette passed him the cup.  “Might as well get comfortable.”
“Where exactly is here?” he asked, washing the medicine down with a gulp of water.  
“Didn’t Santoro tell you? The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Appalachian Research Facility.” 
That explains the DARPA, he thought, remembering the sign outside the lobby doors.  
“What kind of research?” he asked.  
She pressed her lips together and mimed turning a key in an invisible lock at the corner of her mouth.  “Top secret,” she said.  “Hush hush.  If you found out, they’d have to kill you.”
He laughed.  This time, she didn’t join him.  


CHAPTER THREE

A loud scream startled Andrew awake.  The infirmary was shadow-draped and dark, and for a few fleeting seconds, his mind still more asleep than awake, he had no idea where he was.  Then he heard a grumble of thunder from overhead and remembered.  
With a groan, he sat up on the exam table, grimacing at the aching stiffness that had seized his neck and spine.  It may have been padded, but the table had been anything but comfortable.  Suzette had given him a scratchy wool blanket to cover himself, and his bare arms beneath the cuffs of his short T-shirt sleeves still itched from the coarse, heavy fabric.  
Again, another scream rang out, a shrill sound that seemed to be coming from outside, beyond the cinderblock walls of the compound.  He thought of the thing he’d seen on the road out in the woods, the peculiar, human-like creature.  It looked like it was screaming at me.  
He swung his legs around, letting his feet settle against the cold tile floor.  The electricity had been knocked out by the storm before his arrival with Santoro at the facility and apparently remained so.  The door to his room stood partially ajar, but the only light coming through the narrow opening was the flickering, dancing strobe of a flashlight beam.  
Andrew went to the doorway and peered outside.  “Who’s there?”
A blinding glare struck his face, the flashlight swung to aim directly in his eyes.  “Jesus!” Squinting, Andrew shrank back from the door.  He stumbled over his own feet, then sat down hard, knocking over an empty nearby intravenous rack in the process.  It clattered noisily to the floor and less than five seconds later, the door to his room flew open wide.  
“Who are you?” he heard a man say from the other side of that dazzling glare, his voice loud and sharp.  He heard a distinctive CLACK that he recognized instinctively: the sound of a gun made as it chambered a round.  
Shit.  
“Don’t shoot.” Andrew drew his hand to his face, trying to block the flashlight beam.  
“Who are you?” the man asked again, more sharply this time.  “This is a restricted-access installation of the United States Army.  Identify yourself.”
“My name is Andrew Braddock.” Andrew squinted, both hands raised now.  “Don’t shoot.  A woman brought me here—Santoro.  We almost crashed out on the highway.”
The blinding glare lingered a moment longer, then fell away to pool on the floor.  Andrew blinked against residual pinpoints of light still dancing across his gaze.  “Thanks.” 
“Get on your feet,” the man with the gun said, coming slowly into clearer view as Andrew’s vision adjusted.  Tall and lean, in his early- to mid-fifties, he studied the younger man from across the room with a decided frown, his brows furrowed slightly.  “Keep your hands where I can see them.”
Still not entirely convinced the guy wouldn’t pop a round in him, judging by the fact he’d only lowered the chrome-plated pistol in his hand a halting measure, Andrew obeyed.  He yelped in surprise when the man caught him by the arm, spun him smartly around and shoved him face-first into the nearest wall.  Keeping Andrew pinned forcibly to the drywall with one hand, he then proceeded to clap and pat the younger man down with the other.  
“I’m not armed,” Andrew said.  
The man said nothing, as thorough and industrious in his work as Saint Nick from the old “Night Before Christmas” poem.  His hand slapped against Andrew’s legs clear down to his ankles, then up again.  Seeming thus satisfied, he released Andrew and stepped back.  Andrew heard another quiet clack as he returned the safety on his pistol and holstered it.  
“Who are you?” he asked, turning warily, keeping his hands raised.  
“My name is Major Mitchell Prendick,” the man replied “I’m the commander of this facility.”
“I heard someone screaming outside,” Andrew said.  
If this was a point of concern for the Major, he offered no outward indication.  Instead, he said, “You may not leave this room, Mister Braddock.  Is that understood?”
Puzzled, Andrew shook his head.  “What, you mean until morning?”
Without another word, Prendick turned and walked back to the doorway.  
“Wait.  I need to use your phone,” Andrew said.  “A radio.  Something.  I’ve got to—”
His voice cut short as Prendick slammed the door behind him.  Before the residual bang had faded, Andrew heard a soft but distinctive click from the other side.  
He locked the door.  
Scrambling to his feet, Andrew hurried to the door, grabbing the handle, twisting it impotently between his hands.  That son of a bitch, he thought.  He locked me in here!
“Hey!” Balling his hand into a fist, he beat loudly against the wood.  “Let me out.  Hey!”
But the door remained locked and Prendick didn’t reply.  When another scream came from outside, filtering through the walls, Andrew knew he wouldn’t get any more sleep that night.  Drawing the itchy blanket around his shoulders again, he sat down in the dark, huddled in a corner, his knees drawn toward his chest while he waited for the dawn.  
What the hell have I gotten myself into?
****
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep sitting on the floor in the corner of the exam room.  When the fluorescent fixtures overhead flickered once, then twice, flooding the room with bright, sudden light, and the central air vents suddenly rattled and whistled into abrupt life, his eyes flew wide and he jerked in start.  
 “What the—” he gasped, disoriented and bewildered.  Then, realizing where he was, he sighed, forking his fingers through the heavy crown of his hair.  Shoving the blanket aside, he stumbled to his feet.  Not only did his muscles feel stiff and sore, aching from his crash the night before, but now he discovered, he’d developed uncomfortable, even painful cricks in his hips, neck and shoulders.  
Terrific, he thought, wincing as he tried to stretch those tight places loose once more.  
He heard a soft tap at the exam room door, then a woman’s voice, hesitant and polite called out: “Mister Braddock?”
“I’m awake,” he said, and because his voice sounded little more than a hoarse croak, he coughed into his fist and tried again.  “It’s okay.  I’m awake.”
Opening the door more, the blonde doctor poked her head inside.  “Good morning, sunshine,” she said, extending her hand in introduction.  “We met last night.”
“Dr. Montgomery.  I remember.” Andrew accepted the shake and was surprised by the confident strength in her grip as she folded her slim, cool fingers against his.  With a glance at the ceiling, the fluorescent lights, he said, “The power’s back on.”
“Yeah, thank God.” She laughed.  “Lightning apparently hit the main generator during the storm but they got it fixed.  Good thing.  This dump’s boring enough even with the lights working.  I can’t imagine being stuck out here without electricity.”
“Are you with the Army?”
She laughed again.  “God, no.  I work for Dr. Moore.  He’s a geneticist and molecular biologist conducting research here.  This is his facility.”
“I thought it was Major What’s-His-Name’s,” Andrew said, thinking of the tall man from the night before.  
Suzette laughed.  “Who? Prendick? I take it you’ve met.”
“You could say that.” Andrew told her about their impromptu introduction and even more off the cuff frisking.  
“Oh, jeez.” She rolled her eyes.  “I’m sorry about that.  I know he seemed a little…high strung, but really, he’s alright.  The storm just had him a little kookier than usual, that’s all.” 
“He locked me in here.”
“Really?” Suzette raised her brow.  “He probably just didn’t want you wandering around, what with the lights out and all.  Anyway, I work with Dr. Moore’s daughter.  She’s autistic.  And speaking of which…” She checked her wrist watch.  “It’s about time for her breakfast.” Glancing up, she smiled coyly.  “Care to join us?”
His stomach warbled at the mention, making him realize he’d missed supper the night before.  “Thanks.  That sounds terrific.”
Like the walkie-talkie, Andrew’s iPhone had managed to somehow survive the crash relatively unscathed.  As he and Suzette crossed the foyer together, he selected the phone function and sifted through his contacts to find Ted McGillis’ number.  
“You’re not going to get through,” Suzette said.  
He tried anyway, but only got the droning beep-beep-beep that meant he had no network connection, no cellular tower within range.  He tried to open his internet browser with likewise results.  Ditto for the Talkabout.  
“It’s the mountains,” Suzette said.  “I haven’t been able to call in or out on my cell since I got here.”
“How long has that been?” Andrew asked.  
“Six weeks,” she replied, and he bit back a groan.  
Terrific, he thought.  That’s just great.  
“Is there a pay phone or something I can use instead, then?” he asked.  “I need to call in to my office, try to get hold of…” His voice faded as Suzette shook her head.  
“Sorry,” she said.  “Sounds like the storm took out the relay satellite, too, from the way Prendick was talking.” 
“Any idea how long until it’s fixed?”
“Around here? Your guess is as good as mine.”
Terrific, he thought again.  This just keeps getting better and better.  
By night, it had been quiet and still inside the main building, but by day, it had sprang into life, a veritable hive of activity, with uniformed soldiers moving this way and that, all at brisk and purposeful paces.  Together they crossed the large lobby area Andrew had seen upon his arrival.  
He paused, looking out a glass door opposite the main entrance through which Santoro had brought him the night before.  It opened out onto a small stone patio, with a wide, neatly manicured courtyard lawn beyond.  Past this, half-hidden among the trees, he could see a building, one-story and squat, with a featureless, white-stone façade that reminded him of a mausoleum face.  Even from his distance, he could see armed soldiers marking a staggered perimeter around it.  
“What’s that?” he asked.  
Suzette followed his gaze.  “Dr. Moore’s lab.”
“Why the guards?”
He glanced back at her and she winked.  “Top secret,” she told him, hooking her fingers into quotes again.  “Hush-hush.”
“They’d have to kill me if I found out?”
Again, she didn’t laugh.  “You got it.”


CHAPTER FOUR

My Soul.  I summon to the winding ancient stair; 
Set all your mind upon the steep ascent
Suzette lived with Dr. Moore and his eight-year-old daughter Alice in a large apartment that encompassed the entire west wing and second floor of the building.  The entrance was at the top of a steep flight of stairs, and as she led him up, these words, this fleeting, half-forgotten stanza of poetry came to mind.  He’d learned it his freshman year of college, in an English literature class where he’d met Lila Meyer.  
“William Butler Yeats.  Arguably one of the greatest poets of this or any other century.” She’d stood in front of the podium, looking up at the stadium-styled seating arrangement, hundreds of students crammed into creaking, uncomfortable wooden seats.  Her shoulder-length chestnut hair had framed her face in what would soon become a familiar tumble of haphazard curls.  She’d smiled as she’d recited The Winding Stair, her mouth soft and sensuously full, her cheeks high and elegant, her hazel eyes sharp.  It had occurred to him in his youthful naiveté that she was very beautiful.  
Or into that most fecund ditch of all,
The folly that man does
Or must suffer, if he woos
A proud woman not kindred of his soul.  
As he thought about Lila, that passage from the poem recurred to him as well.  
At the top of the stairs, Suzette led him across a small lobby toward a pair of doors.  There, she paused by a key pad and punched in a quick series of numbers, unlocking them.  
The entry opened onto an expansive living room with exposed brick and hardwood beams meant to lend a rustic but contemporary architectural feel.  The entire far wall was floor-to-ceiling glass, towering window panes with inset doors that opened onto a cedar plank deck, allowing a nearly panoramic view of the forested vista below.  
“Hi, Alice,” Suzette said.  
A young girl sat at a coffee table nestled in the vertex of a coffee-colored leather sectional sofa, a spiral-bound notebook opened in front of her.  She seemed completely absorbed in whatever she was writing in the notebook, a pencil clutched in her hand, moving furiously back and forth along the page.  If she noticed Suzette’s entrance or heard her greeting, she offered no acknowledgement.  
“This is Mister Braddock,” Suzette said, draping her hand against Andrew’s arm by way of introduction, even though the girl, Alice, didn’t as much as glance up from her work.  “Say good morning, Alice.”
“Good morning, Alice,” the girl mumbled, still scribbling.  
Suzette chuckled.  “You’re being rude, Alice.”
“I’m busy, Suzette,” Alice replied, still not looking up.  
Unfazed, Suzette continued to smile brightly.  “Are you ready for breakfast? How about I fix you some eggs?”
“I want the usual.”
“How about French toast? Some pancakes? You know your father wants you to try and break some of your routines, do new things.”
Still not even a sideways glance.  “The usual.”
Suzette sighed.  “Alright, then.  Suit yourself.” To Andrew, she said, “Make yourself at home.  I’ll be right back.” 
“What? Wait.” He caught her arm, wide-eyed with sudden alarm.  Flustered, he stammered, “I just…I mean, I’m not very good with kids.”
Suzette chuckled, offering his hand a gentle pat.  “That’s okay.  Neither is Alice.” With a wink and a smile, she drew herself loose of his grasp and headed for the kitchen.  
He stood in the entryway for a long moment, feeling awkward and intrusive.  Suzette had said the girl was autistic and he struggled to remember what that meant.  Wasn’t Forrest Gump autistic? He wondered.  Or maybe it was Rainman.  Isn’t it the same thing as being retarded?
“Uh, hi,” he said at last.  
Nothing.  
“I’m Andrew.”
Still nothing.  
He walked around the side of the couch, trying to see what Alice was writing.  It looked like a running series of numbers, although the penmanship was terrible, the crooked, wobbly chicken-scratch of a palsy-ridden old man.  “What are you working on?”
She glanced up long enough for him to recognize her, the doe-eyed child he’d met in the lobby the night before.  Then she looked down again, her pencil resuming its fervent movement.  “I’m calculating the square root of pi.”
He didn’t know which surprised him more—what she was doing or that she’d actually spoken aloud to tell him about it.  She spoke clearly and articulately, nothing like the movie characters who’d come to his mind.  
“But.  .  .  there is no square root of pi,” he said after a moment.  The tip of her pencil fell still, but she didn’t look up.  “It’s an irrational number,” Andrew said.  “The decimal value goes on and on forever without repeating.”
“I know that.” Her pencil began moving again.  “I just want to make sure.”
Had he known what pi was at her age? Had he known more than how to add or subtract? Suzette had told him Alice’s father was a molecular biologist and geneticist.  World-renowned, she’d told him.  Apparently the fruit hadn’t fallen far from the tree in Alice’s case.  
“Breakfast is ready,” Suzette called from the kitchen.  
****
“She’s fixated on numbers,” Suzette said at the dining room table.  “It’s typical for her condition, becoming preoccupied with certain things.  She’s off the charts in terms of intelligence, but she sometimes lapses into her own little world.  She gets obsessed easily, like the thing with numbers.”
Alice had sat down wordlessly at the table and started on her breakfast, a bowl of Cheerio’s.  Andrew watched, curious, as she carefully strained each spoonful of cereal of any hint of milk before eating.  Occasionally she’d pause, poke her fingertip into her spoon and knock a Cheerio or two out, as if she’d found them defective somehow.  
“She only eats five pieces at a time,” Suzette explained.  
“Sometimes extras float into the spoon,” Alice further clarified, flicking a wayward Cheerio back into her bowl.  Once she’d finished this bite, she’d apparently had enough.  Without another word, she pushed her chair back, scooped up her notebook and walked away.  
“She has daily rituals and routines, sort of like an obsessive-compulsive would.” Suzette rose from her seat and began gathering up the dishes, even though her own breakfast remained relatively untouched.  “She has a hard time showing her feelings in appropriate ways, so please don’t take it personally if she seems rude.  She’s like that with everybody.  It’s my understanding she’s better now than she used to be.  There was a time, I guess, when she wouldn’t talk to anyone at all, much less strangers.  But she didn’t seem to mind talking to you.” Dropping him a wink, she smiled.  “She must like you.”  
****
While Suzette tidied after breakfast, Andrew stepped out onto the deck off the living room.  The morning air was crisp and cool against his bare arms, and his breath frosted in a light haze, framing his face.  Below, he could see the lingering wisps of fog creeping in and among the trees, retreating from the landscaped courtyard.  In the distance, beyond the trees, he could see the undulating silhouettes of the Appalachian foothills.  
He’d clipped his iPhone to the waistband of his sweatpants and pulled it out now, wondering if the reception would be better on the deck than it had been in the lobby downstairs.  A couple of impotent attempts at dialing Ted McGillis’ number proved it was not, with that tedious beep-beep-beep signaling he remained out of network.  
“Damn it,” he muttered.  
“Hey!” The voice from behind him fell almost as heavily as the hand against his arm, which clamped down hard and spun him smartly about, catching him by surprise.  He caught a blur movement out of the corner of his eye, and then a sucker punch caught him high on the cheek, snapping his head toward his opposite shoulder, sending him staggering into the deck railing then crashing to his knees.  His phone tumbled from his fingers, falling toward the boxwood shrubs and lava rock landscaping beds below.  
“Edward!” Suzette cried out from inside the apartment.  
“Who are you?” the man who’d punched him demanded, and Andrew gritted his teeth, biting back a cry as he felt the man’s fingers coil in his hair, wrenching his head back.  He found himself blinking up at an older man, tall and somewhat stocky, his brows knitted, his mouth twisted in a frown.  “How the hell did you get in my apartment?”
“Edward, stop it,” Suzette exclaimed, rushing out onto the deck.  
“Get Prendick up here now,” the man said at her.  “Go call for—”
Andrew sprang from his crouched posture, plowing his knuckles into the older man’s gut.  Whoofing for breath, the man turned him loose and staggered backwards.  Andrew scrambled to his feet, fists still clenched, squaring off.  
“Stop it,” Suzette cried, darting between them, hands outstretched.  “Both of you.”
“What the hell’s going on?” Andrew exclaimed to her.  “He hit me!”
“This is Edward Moore,” she told him, wide-eyed, pleading, and why should that name have been familiar to him, he wondered? “Doctor Moore,” she amended, and he relaxed his fists, opening his hands.  
Shit.  
“This is his facility,” Suzette told him.  “His lab.  His apartment.”
Moore glared at him, still choked and flushed, his palm pressed to his gut.  Alice had come to stand in the doorway now, curious by the commotion, her dark eyes round and darting between her father and Andrew.  
Shit, Andrew thought again.  
****
 “Let’s start at the beginning, Mister Braddock,” Major Prendick said.  
Although they hadn’t cuffed him, his soldiers hadn’t exactly been gentle as they’d escorted Andrew from Moore’s apartment.  One of them, Corporal O’Malley, had caught him by the wrist and wrenched his arm behind his back, pinning it at an unnatural and painful angle.  They were about equal in height, but O’Malley outweighed Andrew by a good ten pounds at least of nothing but muscle.  Although not feeble by any stretch of the imagination, Andrew had nonetheless gone along without protest, harboring no illusions.  O’Malley could have, if so inclined, kicked his ass.  In a big, hard, stomping, painful sort of way.  
O’Malley had maintained his light yet painful grip on Andrew’s arm until they’d reached a small office on the building’s first floor.  Here, Andrew had been made to sit in an uncomfortable metal chair in the middle of the otherwise empty room, left alone for at least twenty minutes behind what had turned out to be a locked door.  
O’Malley had returned to stand guard at the threshold.  To Andrew’s surprise, this time he was accompanied by Specialist Santoro, the young woman who’d rescued Andrew the night before.  Slim and petite, she struck a peculiar, somewhat comical contrast to the larger, brawnier O’Malley as they flanked the doorway together at rigid, unwavering attention while Prendick, upon his entrance, proceeded to trace a wide, slow circumference around Andrew.  Keeping his hands clasped against the small of his back, his expression neutral, his voice friendly enough, Prendick would glance up and meet Andrew’s gaze each time he’d pass.  
“What are you doing out here?” the Major said.  “These lands are all federal property.”
Andrew sighed, irritated.  “I told you last night.  She brought me here.” He nodded once to indicate Santoro.  “I work for Wells Environmental Management Consultants out of Johnstown, Pennsylvania.  We were hired to survey roughly ten-thousand acres southeast of here.  I was driving on Highway 460 during the storm, on my way back to meet up with my crew at our hotel in Pikeville when something ran out in front of my truck.”
Prendick raised a curious brow.  “Something?”
“I don’t know what it was.  An animal, maybe, or a man.  It stood upright on two legs.” Andrew mimed, using his forefingers in a scissor motion against his opposing palm.  “Its arms looked deformed.  Its back, too, like it was hunched over.” He sighed, shook his head.  “It all happened really fast.  I couldn’t get a good look at it, but it didn’t have fur, I’m sure of it.”
“Specialist Santoro, did you see this thing he described?” Prendick asked, turning to the young woman in the corner.  
Keeping her eyes pinned ahead, her shouldered thrust back at rigid attention, Santoro barked in reply, “No, sir.”
Prendick turned his stern gaze back to Andrew.  “Do you have any documentation to prove who you are?” he asked.  “Your work assignment? Any sort of company identification? A driver’s license?”
“Of course I do,” Andrew shifted his weight, raising his hips to reach for his back pocket, his wallet.  Then he bit back a groan as he remembered.  I always lock it inside the glove compartment whenever I’m out in the field.  
“It’s in my Jeep,” he told Prendick, sheepish.  
“Which is currently sitting top-down at the bottom of a flooded gulley,” Prendick said.  “How convenient.”
Andrew frowned.  “Am I under arrest or something?”
“That’s what I’m trying to determine,” the Major replied.  
“What the hell for?” Andrew demanded.  
Prendick raised the corner of his mouth in tandem with his brow, as if amused by the antics of a petulant toddler.  “For starters, violating Title Eighteen, Part One, Chapter Sixty-seven, Subsection Thirteen-eighty-two of the United States Penal Code, wherein the first paragraph stipulates that entry to any restricted portion of a military base or facility for any purposes prohibited by law will result criminal trespass charges punishable by imprisonment of six months in jail and a fine of up to five thousand dollars.”
What? Andrew shook his head.  He glanced between the Major and Santoro, hoping she’s say something—anything—to back up his story, to clear him.  
“You’re kidding,” he said, more to her than Prendick when she remained tight-lipped, eyes averted from him.  “You can’t keep me here if you don’t arrest me.  I know my rights.  And you can’t arrest me because I didn’t do anything wrong, and you know it.”
The corner of Prendick’s mouth flicked in a quick smirk.  “What I know, Mister Braddock, is that if it was up to me, you would be out of here even as we speak.  Dr. Moore is conducting experiments of an extremely sensitive nature that are of vital importance to national security.  This facility contains classified materials and information to which you or the general tax-paying public may not, under any circumstances, be made privy.”
“Then let me go,” Andrew said, exasperated.  “Put me in a truck and drive me to the nearest payphone so I can call my guys to come pick me up.”
“Unfortunately, that’s no longer possible,” Prendick said.  “The storms last night triggered landslides up in the hills.  The roads coming and going are buried under at least fifteen feet of mud and rocks, at least three hundred yards wide in either direction.  It’s going to take earth moving equipment to get them cleared out.”
Beautiful, Andrew thought, biting back the urge to laugh.  That’s just fucking great.  
“Give me a couple of canteens, let me hike out of here on foot,” he said.  “I can cut through the woods to get back down to the highway, then follow it from there to—”
“Mister Braddock, it’s more than seventy miles to the nearest town,” Prendick interjected.  “That’s one way.  Even if you average walking a mile in twenty minutes, that would make it an almost twenty-four hike.  And that would be non-stop on a flat surface, not cutting through the bush out here in the backwoods.”
“I think I can manage,” Andrew replied, even though this was a lofty statement made more out of hubris than any real confidence.  He was a proficient and experienced hiker, but it required a significant amount of gear and supplies to make the sort of trek he was proposing—none of which he had on hand, and none of which he was willing to bet Prendick would loan him.  At best, he was looking at least at a three-day miserable hike through the wilderness.  At worst, he was looking at winding up hopelessly lost and dying of starvation, thirst or overexposure.  
Prendick met his gaze evenly.  “I think I would be remiss if I were to let you try.” Cutting a glance and a crooked smile at Santoro and Corporal O’Malley, he added, “Besides, I wouldn’t want you to run into any trouble out there.  Say, like this hairless, hunchbacked bear or something you say you saw.” 
Santoro didn’t respond, but O’Malley uttered a quick snort of laughter that left Andrew bristling.  
“Later today, I’ll send a squad out with shovels, the Bobcat front-end loader we have on site,” Prendick continued.  “We can probably clear a way through the road in a week or two.”
“A week or two?” Andrew shook his head.  “I can’t stay here that long.  My crew has no idea where I am, what’s happened to me.  I’ve got to get word to them.”
“Let me put it to you another way, Mister Braddock.” Prendick motioned with his hand demonstratively, indicating the cramped, empty office.  “You can either remain in here as a prisoner of the United States Army or you can join us as a guest until such time as we can extricate you from this facility.  But either way, you’re not leaving.”
The two stared at each other, Prendick’s eyes like glittering pieces of flint, brittle and hard-edged.  Sighing, Andrew threw up his hands in disgusted resignation.  “Fine.  Whatever.”
Prendick nodded.  “Good.  You are to remain in this building at all times during the course of your stay here, and are free to make use of any and all of the public areas and amenities provided.  If you feel the need for a spot of air, you can step out onto the parking lot or courtyard, but may go no further than the paved perimeter of this compound.  You may not under any circumstances enter Dr. Moore’s apartment or laboratory.  Failure to comply with these instructions will result in your being arrested and charged with felony trespass on government property as per our discussion a few moments ago.  Do you understand?” 
Again, Andrew glared.  “Fine.”
Glancing over his shoulder at O’Malley, he said, “Corporal, escort Mister Braddock to the barracks wing.  Take him to Lieutenant Carter’s room.” With a slight frown, he added, “He won’t be needing it anymore.”
“Yes, sir,” O’Malley said.  


CHAPTER FIVE

“I know what you’re thinking.”
Andrew remembered when he’d brought Lila home to meet his parents for the first time, for dinner on a snowy Sunday afternoon in the middle of February.  They’d been sleeping together for a little over three months at that point, and he’d fallen more than head over heels in love with her.  He’d been nineteen years old—going on thirty in terms of maturity, if you’d asked him—and he’d been a college freshman longer than his sister, Beth, had been in her grave.  
“Oh, so you’re a mind reader now?” his mother, Katherine, had replied as they’d stood together in the kitchen while he helped her clear the dishes from the dining room table.  His father, Eric, had retired with Lila to the living room for coffee.  
Katherine had said this with a smile, a gentle and playful sort, slipping stacked plates from his hands, her own fingers wet and sudsy from the sink in which she had been setting a roasting pan to soak.  She’d fixed prime rib roast for dinner, sparing no expense for their guest.  If she hadn’t agreed with Andrew’s choice of women or shared his enthusiasm for Lila, then at least, she had gone along with it well.  
“You think she’s too old for me,” Andrew said.  
“I didn’t say that.” Katherine turned and began scraping table scraps into a square of aluminum foil.  She rinsed each dish in turn, then passed them to Andrew, who placed them into the dishwasher.  
“You didn’t have to.  I can tell by your face.” She was deliberately avoiding his gaze and he cocked his head to meet her eyes, ducking a bit because he was taller than she was.  “Mom, I keep telling you.  That doesn’t matter to us.”
“Okay.” Katherine nodded, paying too much attention to the growing mound of meat scraps and half-eaten asparagus spears.  
“She’s smart,” Andrew said.  “More than that, she’s brilliant.”
“Okay.”
“She’s got her Ph.D.  She’s tenured.  And she’s beautiful.  And funny.  She makes me laugh, makes me think.  She likes to argue—politics, religion, philosophy, you name it.”
Katherine nodded again, handing him a plate.  “Okay.”
“Will you stop saying that?” he pleaded, catching her hand, making her look at him at last.  “Mom, I love her.”
She studied him for a long, quiet moment.  “I can see that.”
“I love being with her.  I love talking to her.  I love listening to her.  You always say I should find a partner I enjoy being with, who I can talk to.”
“Is that what you see her being?” Katherine had asked.  “A partner for you? You’re that serious about this woman?”
He’d nodded, eyes round and earnest.  “Yes, Mom.”
She’d reached up, touching his face, her hand still damp.  “What I think of Lila doesn’t matter, Andrew.  It’s what you think that counts because you’re the one who’s involved with her.” With a gentle smile, she added, “And it’s obvious to me that you think the world of her, that what the two of you have makes you happy.  And that makes me happy.”
He’d smiled back, then hugged her, drawing her onto her tiptoes.  “Thanks, Mom.”
She stepped back, brushing his hair back from his brow.  “If she breaks your heart, I’ll break her kneecaps.”
He’d laughed.  “She won’t, Mom.”
****
 “Meals are served in the dee-fack at oh-six-thirty, twelve hundred and seventeen hundred sharp,” Corporal O’Malley said as Andrew trailed him across the main lobby toward the adjoining barracks annex.  
“The what?” Andrew asked.  
O’Malley glanced over his shoulder.  “That’s what we call the dining facility.  The dee-fack.  The mess hall.  There are snack and soda machines in the rec room.  There’s also a canteen, too, with toiletries, cigarettes, magazines.” 
“Nice,” Andrew remarked dryly.  
“It beats Fallujah,” O’Malley said.  He led Andrew up a flight of concrete steps in a narrow stairwell to the second floor of the barracks.  
“You were in Iraq?”
O’Malley nodded.  “Served fifteen months.  Just got back in December.  You ever been enlisted?” 
“Me? No.” Andrew managed a laugh.  
“Something funny about serving your country?” O’Malley stopped in his tracks, arching his brow, clearly not sharing Andrew’s amusement.  
“Uh, no.” Andrew shook his head.  “Not at all.  It’s just…” He sputtered for a moment, trying to figure out how to get the proverbial foot out of his mouth before O’Malley planted his up Andrew’s ass—non-proverbially.  “I’ve never really thought of myself as military material.”
O’Malley cut him a head-to-toe glance, then offered a concurring snort.  “Yeah,” he said.  Then, continuing with his tour, “Anyway, DARPA just finished building all of this a couple of months before we arrived.  Before that, this was all a federal reserve forest, inaccessible to the general public.  Like the Major said, you can use any of the public areas, the downstairs facilities.  Just don’t leave the grounds or go near Dr. Moore’s residence again.  Or the house of pain.”
Andrew blinked.  “The what?”
“Dr. Moore’s lab.  The building in the back of the compound.” He walked again, stopping next at the end of a corridor, outside a closed door.  “Each person at this compound has their own unique security pin number.  That way we can control who has access to restricted areas.  Yours will be four-two-eight-zero.” As he said this, he punched it into a key pad beside the door, and Andrew watched the red light on the panel change to green.  
Inside, the room looked like any standard full-size hotel accommodations, with nondescript furnishings—desk, bed, bureau, nightstand—and adjacent bathroom with shower stall.  As with a hotel, the room had been stripped of any sign of previous occupancy; of the absent Lieutenant Carter, nothing remained.  Andrew thought O’Malley might say something about the former occupant, what had happened to Lieutenant Carter and why his room was now conspicuously vacant, but he did not.  
“I’ll have someone run you up some clean towels.” O’Malley crossed the threshold, reached into the darkened bathroom and flipped on the lights.  “Fresh sheets for the bed, too.  Oh, you’ve got a mini-fridge over by the bureau.”
Andrew followed him, curious, taking note of a television set atop the bureau.  And matching VCR, he observed.  “Jesus, didn’t these things die out with the dinosaurs?” he asked with a laugh.  
“There’s a video library down in the rec room,” O’Malley said.  “No cable or satellite.”
Great, Andrew thought.  
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll leave you to it,” O’Malley said, not elaborating on whatever ‘it’ he was specifically leaving Andrew to.  
“Oh,” Andrew said.  “Hey, sure.  Thanks for the nickel tour.”
O’Malley nodded once, politely, as he walked toward the door.  “Be seeing you.”
****
After O’Malley had left, Andrew went back outside.  He followed the sidewalk encircling the compound and annex until he came to the approximate spot beneath Moore’s balcony where his iPhone would have landed.  It didn’t take long for him to find it.  Or what was left of it after its two-story fall.  
“Shit.” He stared in dismay at the cracked, darkened screen, pushing impotently at the power button, even though he knew there was no way in hell it would work.  
“Wherefore art thou, Romeo?” he heard Suzette Montgomery say from the deck above, and he looked up, eyes flown wide with surprise.  
“Hey,” he said with a startled, awkward laugh.  “Uh, hi.  I didn’t see you there.”
“Hi, yourself,” she replied, leaning languidly over the deck railing, her arms crossed, a cigarette dangling from one hand.  In the other, she held a glass tumbler with ice cubes, a wedge of lime and a clear liquid inside.  “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were trying to spy on me.”
“I was looking for my phone,” he replied.  “I dropped it into the bushes earlier.”
“Any luck?”
Again, he glanced at the broken iPhone in his hand.  “Yes and no.”
He wondered if Dr. Moore was still in the apartment and thought about just turning around, bolting back into the building to be on the safe side.  Apparently he was going to be stuck there for awhile, and since for all he knew, Dr. Moore was working on biochemical weapons in that top secret, hush-hush lab of his—one O’Malley had ominously referred to as the “house of pain”—he figured it might be in his own best interest to avoid pissing the guy off any more than he already had.  
“I’d say you could use mine, but there’s still no service.” Suzette drew the cigarette to her mouth and inhaled deeply, setting the smoldering end brightly aglow.  It occurred to him that her stance allowed him a virtually unobstructed view down the front of her blouse.  “I’m sorry about earlier.  Edward hitting you and all.”
“That’s alright.” Andrew’s hand trailed to his cheek.  Not much of a bruise had formed where Moore’s knuckles had connected, but the residual soreness from the blow remained.  “He hits like a girl.”
“I’ll tell him you said so.”
Andrew laughed.  “Please don’t.  I’m in enough trouble as it is.”
“That’s right.” Suzette inhaled on her cigarette.  “I hear you’re going to be staying with us awhile.”
“Yeah.”
“That’s too bad,” she told him with a playful sort of smile that suggested she thought it was anything but.  
Before he could open his mouth to answer, he heard a sharp sound, the staccato patta-pat-pat of automatic gunfire echoing from somewhere in the distance, deep in the woods.  Startled, he whirled, eyes flown wide.  
“Jesus!” he exclaimed, shoulders hunched reflexively, just as more gunshots rolled out of the trees.  The noises overlapped, multiple rifles firing simultaneously, a heated exchange from the sounds of things.  “Those are gunshots!”
“Sure sounds like it,” she agreed, using her fingertip and thumb to flick her cigarette butt into the courtyard.  
“What are they shooting at?”
“The last guy they caught trespassing,” she said solemnly.  Then she laughed.  “I’m kidding.  They must be out doing artillery drills, that’s all.” 
She tipped her head back, downing the rest of her drink.  He thought of how her breath had smelled like alcohol the night before and wondered if there was more than water in her glass.  
“See you around, Romeo.  Parting is such sweet sorrow and all that.” She dropped him a wink, then turned, walking back inside the apartment.  


CHAPTER SIX

Seventeen hundred sharp, Andrew thought after he’d finished showering.  That was when O’Malley had told him that supper was served in the dining hall—or dee-fack, as the case may be—and sitting on the side of what would be his bed while stuck at the Army barracks, he counted in his mind, trying to convert standard time to military hours.  That’d be…what? Five o’clock?
He glanced at his bedside clock.  Ten minutes to go.  He hadn’t eaten anything since breakfast and his stomach was growling again.  About a half hour earlier, Corporal O’Malley had stopped by his room, delivering the clothes he’d been wearing at the time of his crash—his shirt, jeans, socks—all freshly laundered, still warm from the dryer.  
“Thanks,” Andrew had said, surprised, as he’d accepted them.  
“Don’t thank me,” O’Malley had replied.  “Dr. Montgomery took care of it.”
Which had surprised him all the more.  
He hadn’t heard any more gunfire that afternoon.  Suzette hadn’t seemed particularly concerned about the sounds, as if they were common enough occurrences.  That didn’t make them any less unsettling to Andrew, however.  Sound in the mountains carried fast and far and he wondered if McGillis and Allcott had returned to the woods to look for him, had heard the shots and grown alarmed.  
As he toweled his hair dry, he heard a knock at the door.  “Hang on a minute,” he called, because he was still wearing only a towel around his waist.  Thinking O’Malley might be bringing him another pleasant surprise—maybe an operational satellite phone or the keys to a helicopter waiting in the courtyard—he hurried to grab his jeans.  “I’m not dressed.  Hold on.”
He heard a quick series of beeps, someone punching in on the key pad, and had a split second to realize the corresponding click was the door unlocking before it swung open, quickly and wide, sending him stumbling back from the threshold in surprise.  “Hey!”
His startled cry of protest cut abruptly short as Edward Moore stepped into the room, then swung the door smartly shut behind him.  He raised his right arm, pointing at Andrew, and after a bewildered moment, Andrew realized it wasn’t the man’s finger he was aiming at his head.  
Shit, he thought, blinking down the barrel of what appeared to be a semi-automatic pistol.  
“Dr. Moore,” he hiccupped, eyes round, nearly crossed as he gawked at that cold, black hole bored into the muzzle.  “What are you doing?”
Surely the guy couldn’t be that pissed off over a right hook to the gut.  Could he? Andrew thought, very much alarmed, because whatever the reason, Dr. Moore was pissed about something.  That much was plain.  The man’s face had flushed bright red, glossed with a sheen of anxious perspiration, and his brows were furrowed so deeply, his eyes were all but obscured by the resulting shadows.  
 “Look,” Andrew said, backing up until he hit the nearest wall and thus could go no further.  Helpless, he held up his hands.  Somewhere in the back of his mind, he dimly hoped like all hell that the towel around his waist didn’t loosen and fall, because he figured being found with a bullet in his skull, buck naked on the floor would be a far shade worse than just the former.  “About upstairs, what happened this morning, I was only…”
“Shut up.” Moore made a show of conspicuously thumbing off the safety on the pistol.  “Who are you? How did you find me here?”
At a loss, Andrew shook his head.  “I told you.  I’m a forester.  My name’s—”
“I know what you said.” Spittle sprayed in fine droplets from his lips as Moore’s voice rose a ragged, scraping notch.  “Now I want the truth.”
In three swift strides, he collapsed the space between them.  Andrew hunched his shoulders, closing his eyes as Moore shoved the gleaming barrel of his pistol against his temple.  
“Please don’t,” Andrew whispered, frightened now; damn near the closest he’d been in his adult life to unadulterated terror.  Because this guy wants to kill me.  This isn’t a game.  He’s come here to shoot me.  
“How did you find me?” Moore demanded.  “How did you know I was here?”
“I didn’t,” Andrew said, wincing as the muzzle dug more fiercely into his head.  “I swear to God, I don’t know what you’re talking about.  Please, I swear.”
The gun remained pressed against his skin for another long moment, then at last, Moore drew it away.  Uttering a shuddering sigh, Andrew remained rooted in spot, eyes closed.  
“Haven’t you people done enough?” Moore asked.  Some of that furious venom had been stripped from his voice, leaving a hoarse, nearly pained tone.  Andrew opened his eyes hesitantly, and inexplicably found the older man staring at him with a pleading sort of expression, the pistol now dangling in his hand at his side.  
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Andrew said, and Moore’s face hardened again, that cleft between his brows deepening.  Again, the pistol raised and Andrew cowered as Moore crammed the muzzle into his brow once more, forcing him to his knees.  
“Please,” Andrew gasped.  “Please, don’t.”
He gritted his teeth, his body tense as he waited for the horrible, thunderous report of gunfire, for what he assumed would be searing pain as the bullet punched through his skull.  Moore pulled the gun away again, but Andrew remained rigid, frozen in place, paralyzed with fear.  
“No,” Moore said, his voice low and guttural, nearly a growl.  Andrew heard the soft sound of his footsteps and risked opening his eyes in time to see Moore walking out the door to his room.  “That’s your way.  Not mine.”
****
What the hell have I gotten myself into? Andrew thought again as he walked downstairs, because things were sliding progressively from bad to worse to plain old fucked up at entirely too fast a pace for his liking.  
He hadn’t decided if he should tell Major Prendick about his encounter with Dr. Moore and his pistol.  Given the Major’s reception—which had likewise involved a pistol aimed at his head—Andrew suspected Prendick might not have been too opposed to the idea of Moore popping a cap in his ass.  Hell, he might have even instigated the entire confrontation.  
At the foot of the stairs, Andrew was struck by a strong smell emanating from the dining hall.  Not entirely unpleasant, it wasn’t exactly appetizing, either, and reminded him of the way the corridors in elementary school had smelled in his youth close to lunchtime: the intermingling odors of canned corn and fish sticks.  
Ahead of him, he could see a large gathering of uniformed soldiers at the doorway of the dining hall, lined up and ready to fill their trays.  
“You don’t want to do that,” he heard Suzette say as he headed in that direction.  He glanced to his left, found her crossing the lobby toward him.  
“I was just on my way to find you,” she said with a smile.  “Invite you to join me for dinner.”
He laughed without much humor, given that the imprint of Dr. Moore’s gun barrel was now outlined in a dim bruise against his temple.  “You must really want to see me killed.”
She looked quizzical, the good cheer faltering in her smile, and he told her about what had happened.  
“Oh, my God,” she said, seeming appropriately aghast.  “I can’t believe he did that.  He wouldn’t have shot you.  Trust me.  He’s all bluff and bluster.  He wouldn’t have the balls.”
Despite this reassurance, Andrew didn’t find himself so easily convinced.  
“Come on.” Suzette took him by the hand.  “Eat with me down the hall, in the rec room.  Dr. Moore likes to have dinner alone with Alice in the apartment.  It’s their special time together.  Or some such bullshit.” She cut her eyes toward the mess hall line, then back to him as she stepped closer.  Near enough so that when she raised onto her tiptoes, stage-whispering into his ear, her breath tickled his skin, she said, “Besides the grunts all take turns in the kitchen fixing food.  And none of them can cook worth a damn.”
For the first time since he’d opened his door to find Dr. Moore on the other side, Andrew relaxed enough to smile.  “But you can?”
Her smile widened, coy and enigmatic.  “Dr. Moore didn’t hire me for my medical background,” she replied.  Still holding him by the hand, she gave his arm a light tug.  “Come on.  I’ll prove it.”
****
 “Someone firebombed his house,” Suzette said.  They had the rec room to themselves.  She’d trundled a Styrofoam cooler down from the upstairs apartment and had everything set up, waiting for them.  
“How’d you know I’d say yes?” Andrew had asked.  
“I didn’t,” she’d replied.  “But either way, I’m not eating that shit.”
 “Dr. Moore, I mean,” she continued as she pulled a foil-wrapped package out of the cooler.  If the smell from the dining hall could have best been described as banal, then what wafted from that cooler was something akin to heaven.  “It happened a couple of months ago.  That’s why Alice had to come stay here, why he had to hire me.  Her previous caregiver died trying to get out.  Of the house, I mean.  Not the job.” She snickered.  “At least, I don’t think that’s the case.”
“Do they know who did it?” Andrew asked.  
Suzette shook her head.  “Dr. Moore told me the local police, the FBI, the Massachusetts Fire Marshall’s office, they’re all investigating.  He had a nice house in Weston, a ritzy suburb of Boston, but he wasn’t there at the time.  There was no one home but Alice and the nurse, what’s-her-name.  They think it might have been a group of animal rights zealots.  PACA, I think they’re called.  People Against Cruelty to Animals.”
She peeled back the foil to allow a puff of steam to trail out.  “I hope you like fried chicken.  It’s still hot.  Probably crispy, too, for the most part.” With a wink and a smile, she added, “It’s my grandmother’s recipe, passed along from generation to generation of women in my family since the Great Depression.”
“Top secret?” he asked.  “You’d have to kill me if I learned it?”
This time, she laughed.  “Now you’re catching on.”


CHAPTER SEVEN

Not good, Andrew thought some time later, flat on his back, naked except for sheets that lay swathed around his hips.  
After the meal, Suzette had pulled a fifth of tequila out of the cooler.  “How about a shot?” 
“How about,” he’d agreed, figuring what the hell.  In the past forty-eight hours, he’d nearly died in a car wreck, been arrested on federal felony trespass charges and been shot in the face.  Twice.  I’ve earned a drink, if nothing else.  
Two hours later, Suzette slept on her stomach beside him, her face turned away, her arms and legs spread-eagle, her blonde hair spread about her head in a messy tumble.  
Not good, he thought again.  
They’d downed tequila until they’d both been slurring and shit-faced.  When she’d stood, wobbling off balance and stumbling, he’d leaped to his feet, catching her clumsily against his chest.  “I think I’d better go to bed,” she’d told him with a laugh.  Then, in a lower, husky voice, she’d added slyly, “Want to tag along?” 
Moore had promised to shoot him if he caught him in the apartment.  In equally no-uncertain-terms, Prendick had promised to have him arrested and prosecuted for similar trespass.  But as Suzette’s hand trailed to the waistband of his jeans, then further south from there, Andrew had found all at once, he hadn’t given a shit.  
“Yeah,” he’d told her.  “I think I will.”
Not good, he thought again, pinching the bridge of his nose, behind which a dull but steady throbbing had begun to stoke.  Slowly, he sat up, wincing as the mattress beneath him creaked.  He glanced at Suzette as she murmured in her sleep, but she didn’t stir.  Not good.  Not good at all.  
Not the sex.  That part had been good indeed.  Very, very good.  But the sound that drawn his tequila-sedated mind out of the murky depths of unconsciousness had been the sound of the front doors to the apartment opening, of footsteps fading as they crossed the foyer.  
Dr. Moore had returned.  
And that’s very, very bad, Andrew thought.  He leaned over, hands outstretched, groping in the dark until he found his jeans.  Piece by piece, he recovered his discarded clothes, which had been shrugged, kicked and tossed in every which direction.  
“What about Alice?” he’d groaned as he and Suzette had stumbled together into her bedroom and she’d kicked the door closed behind them.  Already, they’d been tangled, kissing and clutching at each other, yanking at shirts, fumbling with pants.  
“She’s sleeping,” she’d replied.  “The other side of the apartment, next to her father’s room.  They have supper together, then he puts her to bed, goes back to the lab until at least midnight.”
Maybe I can still sneak out of here without getting busted, Andrew thought.  Redressing clumsily, wobbling and hopping from one foot to the other as he pulled on his boxers and jeans, he kept a wary eye on the bedroom door, the thin sliver of faint light he could see beneath its bottom edge.  Here’s hoping, anyway, since the last time I checked, I wasn’t born bullet-proof.  
He crept toward the door then hesitated, returning to the bedside.  “Suzette?” he whispered, leaning over, giving her shoulder a slight shake.  
She grumbled something inarticulate and turned her head away from him, hidden beneath the nest of her hair.  
“Suzette?” he tried again, shaking a bit more.  She answered with a snore.  
“Shit,” he muttered, because he figured that’s what she’d think he was when she woke up and found him gone.  A big, steaming pile of shit.  
On her bedside table, next to the empty bottle of tequila and an opened pack of Marlboro lights, he saw a notepad and pen.  He jotted her a quick note: Thanks for supper.  Then, as an afterthought, because this still made him sound like a callous jackass, he added, And the rest.  
He started to sign his name, then shook his head.  She’d know it was from him.  Who the hell else would it be? How many other guys did she invite for dinner and a fuck tonight? 
Biting back his breath as he eased the bedroom door open, he slipped out into the hallway.  He stole toward the living room, watching as the front doors came into view around the corner of the wall.  
Almost there, he thought, passing the kitchen, hugging the wall, his gaze darting about.  Just a few more steps.  
“It’s locked.”
Alice Moore’s voice, coming from the shadow-draped living room, was loud enough to startle him.  
Andrew whirled, eyes wide.  “Jesus!”
In the gloom, he could see her, a small silhouette sitting on the floor by the coffee table.  He didn’t need light to know what she was doing.  The soft scritch-scritch-scritch of her pencil tip against her notebook page was a dead giveaway.  
“Alice,” he whispered, managing a shaky laugh.  His heart was jackhammering beneath his sternum.  “Hey, hi.  I didn’t see you there.  I was just…uh, I…”
“I know what you were doing.”
He blinked.  “You do?”
“Yes.  You and Suzette were having sex.”
“What?” This came out as little more than a gulp.  
“Sex,” she said again.  “I’m not stupid, you know.”
“No, of course not,” he fumbled.  “I just…I didn’t think that.”
“I have an IQ of one seventy-five.”
Andrew blinked again, impressed enough to momentarily forget his mortification.  “One seventy-five? That’s pretty good.” 
“It’s considered high genius,” she said.  
“Really good,” he amended.  
“Benjamin Franklin is estimated to have only had an IQ of one sixty.  Charles Darwin, only one sixty-five.”
Only? he thought.  
The scritch-scritch-scritch resumed in earnest as she worked on her mathematics equation and Andrew forced himself to move, to hurry for the door.  
“I told you.  It’s locked,” Alice said.  
Andrew froze.  “What?”
“The door.  You need the key code to get out.”
By this point, Andrew was at the threshold.  Turning, he grabbed the knobs and turned them futilely.  “Shit,” he whispered, his panic level rising.  
Suzette would know the code.  He turned again, meaning to retrace his steps, return to her room.  
“She can’t help you.”
Frozen again, Andrew sought out Alice’s form among the overlapping shadows.   “Suzette knows the code, doesn’t she?  I mean, she goes in and out of here all the time.”
Alice stood, setting her pencil aside.  “She’s been drinking.  She’ll be out until the morning.  I said she can’t help you, not that she couldn’t.”  Padding around the side of the sofa, she drew near enough for the dim light to cut across her face.  “You don’t listen very well, do you?”
Andrew frowned.  “I listen just fine.”
“No, you hear just fine,” she said, her expression impassive, her eyes fixed on him.  “You don’t listen for shit.” 
As he stood there, startled into silence by this, she turned to the key pad.  “Each person here sets his or her own pass code, a four digital decimal number between 0000 and 9999.  That leaves at least ten thousand available combinations.”
Andrew stifled a groan.  “Ten thousand?”
“At least,” Alice said.  
“I don’t suppose mine will open this door?” he asked, hopeful.  
She shot him a look.  “Not likely.”
He couldn’t hold back a groan this time.  
Reaching up, she punched in a series of four numbers.  To Andrew’s surprise, the red light meaning the door was locked switched over to green and he heard the soft click as it unlocked.  
“You know the code?” 
“Daddy always chooses binary numbers, using only zeroes or ones.  He says they’re easier to remember.  That means there are only eight possible combinations within the four-digit limit.  I guessed the right one my first day here.”
“Thanks,” he said, impressed.  
She turned and walked away, returning to the living room.  
“Uh, right.” He reached for the door.  “I should go now.  Good night, Alice.”
All he heard in response was the ghost-like scritch-scritch-scritch of her pencil.  


CHAPTER EIGHT

Lila had fucked him one last time before dumping him, and to Andrew, that had been the most painful and humiliating part of their breakup.  When they’d finished, he’d tried to kiss her, but she’d turned her face away.  “Gordon and I…he’s been calling me again and we’ve decided to go to counseling,” she’d said.  
“What?” Stricken, he’d sat up in the bed, looking at her.  “What are you talking about?”  
“Andrew, he’s my husband,” she’d begun.  
He had shaken his head.  “You’re getting a divorce.” 
“He’s asking for another chance.  He wants to try.  We’ve been married fifteen years.  I owe him that.”
He’d left her apartment and driven home, not the dormitory room he’d shared at the time, but his childhood home, the house in which he’d grown up and where his parents still lived.  His father had been gone on a flight and his mother hadn’t come home from work yet.  When she’d arrived, Katherine had found her son curled in a fetal coil on the couch in the darkened living room.  Even without him saying a word, she’d known somehow, had understood.  She’d gone to his side and knelt, drawing him into her gentle embrace.  He hadn’t cried since his sister’s death, but he’d wept in that moment like a grief-stricken child, mourning the loss of his first love.  
****
The next morning, Andrew woke to a heavy, fervent pounding on the door to his room.  He peeled back his eyelids and blinked blearily, bewildered at the bedside clock.  Ten minutes after seven.  He’d drawn the curtains closed before turning in, and a pale seam of new morning sun cut a crooked diagonal across the floor.  
“Mister Braddock?” he heard someone call, then more of that incessant thud-thud-THUDDING.  
With a groan, Andrew sat up, swinging his legs around until his feet hit the floor.  No more tequila, he promised himself, because Suzette’s one-hundred proof variety was doing a number on the inside of his skull.  His tongue felt leaden and tacky, like he’d been sucking on a sweaty gym sock in his sleep.  Stumbling out of bed, he limped toward the door, raking his fingers through his hair.  
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  That had been one of his mother’s favorite sayings.  With this in mind, along with memories of Dr. Moore’s face twisted with murderous intent as he’d brandished that chrome-plated pistol, Andrew didn’t immediately open the door.  “Who is it?”
“Corporal O’Malley,” a familiar voice called through the door.  “I’ve got some good news for you.  They just hauled your Jeep in from the wash-out.”
“Fantastic.” Andrew opened the door.  “How does it look?”
O’Malley laughed.  It was all of the answer Andrew needed.  
****
After dressing and trying to comb down the wild, askew mess of his hair, Andrew tromped down to the compound’s parking lot.  At the back, a small outbuilding stood, featureless cinderblock walls painted a non-descript shade of tan with a flat roof, no windows and a large, rollaway door—the compound’s garage.  
Inside, Andrew stood with his hands shoved deep in the hip pockets of his jeans, his shoulders hunched against a damp morning chill, and watched as soldiers unhooked his Jeep from the tow straps securing it to a Humvee.  The thick smell of diesel exhaust hung in the air.  
The entire exterior of the Wells company truck was caked in mud, so thick it was impossible to see even a hint of the paint beneath.  As he drew near, one of the soldiers wrestled the hood open on the Jeep, and Andrew grimaced to look inside.  The engine compartment looked like it had been hosed down in sludge, with twigs, dried leaves and pine cones tossed in for texture and variety.  
“Shit,” he said.  So much for driving out of here once the roads are cleared.  
He hadn’t thought much about the creature he’d seen in the road that night, the thing he’d hit—and had since just about convinced himself that he’d imagined—but curious now, he studied the underside of the hood, then the top, looking for any tell-tale damage from the impact.  The roll down the hillside had caused too much to discern one dent from another, however.  
“Shit,” he said again, opening the passenger side door, then dancing back as brown water slopped out, splashing in a sudden puddle around his feet.  
The Jeep’s interior was hidden beneath a shroud of mud, enveloped in a sour, swampy odor.  The airbag, now deflated, hung from the steering wheel, heavy and waterlogged.  He hadn’t secured his tablet computer when he’d left his last surveying site, and winced to see it on the floorboard, camouflaged—and undoubtedly ruined—beneath a veil of mud.  
“Shit.”
His area maps were unrecognizable, having disintegrated in the water.  Like strips and scraps of paper mache, they lay strewn about and stuck haphazardly to the dashboard, upholstery, floor mats and windows.  Sticks, leaves, pine needles and pebbles carpeted the seats and flat surfaces.  
He reached for the glove compartment, tugged it open.  Another impromptu flood splashed out.  Grimacing as he reached inside, touching the slimy, muddy ooze left behind, he fished out his soggy wallet.  As he held it out, pinched between his forefinger and thumb, and watched it drip onto the top of his boot, he frowned.  “Shit.”
“You’ve got water in your crank case,” the soldier who’d popped the hood said.  While Andrew had been rooting through the cab with disgust, he’d been tinkering around in the engine compartment, tugging here and there, prodding at this and that, pulling dipsticks out for inspection.  
Only it turned out to be a she, not a he, as evidenced by her voice as she said this, and surprised, Andrew turned around.  
“Uh, hey,” he said by way of clumsy greeting.  “Santoro, right?”
The corner of her mouth hooked slightly.  “Santoro.  Right.”
She looked different now in broad daylight and when not soaking wet.  Her dark brown hair was pulled back in a tight, prim bun secured at the nape of her neck.  Her skin was a light olive tone, warm and golden, her eyes dark brown and round.  He’d forgotten how short she was, how diminutive and slight.  
“You know cars?” he asked.  
“I’d better.” She returned her attention to the waterlogged ruins of his Jeep.  “I’m a nine-H-one.  A track vehicle repairer.” Because this was Greek to him—and apparently obvious in his face—she added slowly, as if addressing a moron, “I’m a mechanic.”
Other soldiers within earshot laughed at this.  
“I saw water on both your oil and transmission fluid dipsticks.” Santoro leaned over the engine compartment momentarily, then turned, cradling one in her hand to show him.  “We can’t even think about starting this thing until we change out the oil and filter.  And there’s no way I’ve got anything that can fit this here at the base.  Not to mention we’ll need to get up under there, take out your oil pan and try to clear the silt from it, too.  The way your truck was laying in that ditch, you’re probably looking at water in your gas tank, too, plus past the seals on your crank case, CV joints and axles.”
“Is there anything you can do?” Andrew asked.  
Santoro dusted off her hands then tucked them in her back pockets.  “I can recommend a good scrap yard if you’re ever up Long Island way.”
The other soldiers all laughed again.  
“Thanks,” Andrew muttered, scowling as he turned and stomped away.  The headache the tequila had brought on had abruptly intensified.  
****
 “Hey, Romeo,” he heard Suzette call as he walked back toward the barracks.  He looked up and found her strolling along the outermost edge of the landscaped grounds, where the lawn met the forest.  Alice was with her, or more accurately, a fair pace ahead of her, eyes pinned on the ground, seemingly oblivious to anyone or anything around her.  
Andrew mentally calculated the likelihood that he could simply take off running, duck back into the barracks and avoid what was sure to be a post-coital confrontation.  It had been his admittedly limited experience in life to date that women—even when they’d been the instigators of a sexual encounter—did not like to feel like they’d been ditched in the aftermath.  “Oh, uh, hey, Suzette,” he said, raising his hand in a half-hearted wave as he tried not to cringe.  “You’re up early.”
 “Her choice, not mine,” Suzette said, nodding to indicate Alice.  “We do this every morning.”
“Hi, Alice,” Andrew said as she walked past.  Without even glancing up or grunting in reply, she continued trudging along.  
“She’s counting,” Suzette said helpfully.  
“Counting what?”
“The number of steps she takes.  It’s another one of her fixations.  Right now, she’s counting how many are in the circumference of the yard.  She knows exactly how many there are to get from her room in the apartment to just about anywhere on the compound.” She came to a stop within three feet of him.  “What’s that?”
He followed her gaze with his own.  “My wallet.  What’s left of it, anyway.  They pulled my truck out of the gulley this morning.”
“That’s great.”
“It’s a mess.  There’s mud everywhere.  They don’t think it will even turn over, never mind be drivable again.”
“That’s terrible.”
On his way from the barracks to the garage, Andrew had asked Corporal O’Malley about the roads.  “Any luck getting them cleared out?”
O’Malley had chuffed.  “We haven’t even started yet.  Not really.  We’ve got one Bobcat front-end loader and a bunch of guys with shovels and picks.  You do the math.”
Terrific, Andrew had thought.  
“It sounds like I’m going to be here awhile,” he told Suzette.  
“That’s great.” A hint of a smile tugged the corner of her mouth up, then she affected a feigned look of pity.  “I mean, that’s terrible.”
He laughed despite himself.  “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.  And thank you, too, by the way, for the note.”
“Oh.” He winced, rubbing the back of his neck.  “That.  I just…I tried to wake you up, but…”
“I thought it was cute.  Kind of charming.” As she walked again, passing him, she added, “I’m making meatloaf tonight.” A coy glance over her shoulder.  “Grandma Ada Jean’s recipe.” 
Because the tip of her tongue slipped out long enough to swipe daintily at her lip, a subtle but unmistakably suggestive gesture, Andrew felt the crotch of his jeans grow suddenly and uncomfortably tight.  
“Sounds good,” he said, and because his voice came out sort of strained, he cleared his throat and tried again.  “Save some for me.”
Suzette winked, walking away.  “You got it.”


CHAPTER NINE

He went back to his room and emptied his soggy wallet of its contents, spreading his credit cards, driver’s license, sodden scraps of paper, damp dollar bills and a foil-wrapped condom out on the bedspread to dry.  His insurance cards, both auto and health, were pretty much paste.  Only one piece of paper had survived relatively unscathed because it had been folded tightly, doubled in on itself along crisp creases time and again.  
Great, Andrew thought with a laugh.  It wasn’t funny, but he had to anyway.  Because it’s the one goddamn thing in my wallet I would’ve loved to see soaked into pulp.  
He sat on the floor at the foot of the bed and unfolded the page.  The blue ballpoint ink his father had used to write the letter had smeared in places but that was because the letter had been crammed in his wallet for five years, and not necessarily because of the moisture.  Though it remained legible, Andrew didn’t really need to read it.  He’d pretty much memorized it by that point.  
Please try to understand, Eric Braddock had written.  Our family has been through so much in the last fifteen months.  The last thing I want to do is hurt you or your mother any further.  I want her to be happy again, and she wants the same for me.  And as hard as it is to admit it, that means no longer being married to each other.  I’ve found someone else, someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.  
Andrew crumpled the letter in his hand, tossed it into the far corner.  At about that same time, he heard a knock at his door.  
“Who is it?” he called with a frown as he got to his feet.  
“It’s me, Specialist Santoro.”
“Let me guess.” His frown deepened as he opened the door half-way.  Leaning his arm against the jamb, he looked down at her.  “You found a scrap yard closer than Long Island.”
She cocked her brow and hoisted her chin to meet his gaze, then held something out at him, a fierce, forceful gesture.  “You dropped this on the floor of the garage.  At least, I’m assuming it’s yours.  None of the other guys around here could land a girl who looks like that.”
Surprised, he glanced at her hand and saw she held a damp, wallet-sized photograph, a headshot of a young woman, her dark hair carefully curled and arranged, a sparkling rhinestone crown perched on top of her head.  
“She’s not my girlfriend.” He took the photo from Santoro.  “She’s my sister.” Cradling the picture in his hand as he might have a butterfly, he carried it to his bed, placed it with the other contents of his wallet—because it must have fallen out of his billfold as he’d left the garage—and carefully smoothed it flat with his fingertips.  
Hey, Germ.  
He closed his eyes, imagining her again in her hospital bed, so weary and weak, she’d seemed made of glass to him, fragile and fading.  
Hey, Bess, he’d replied, because as a kid, he’d lisped; Bess had been as close an approximation as he’d been able to get to Beth and the moniker had stuck, even all of those years since his last speech therapy session.  
“What is she, like a homecoming queen?” Santoro asked from the doorway behind him.  He hadn’t meant to leave the door standing open, hadn’t realized that he had until she spoke.  
“She was Miss Alaska,” he said, opening his eyes, looking down into Beth’s radiant smile.  “Eight years ago.”
“Wow.” Santoro spoke with an awkward edge to her voice, as if she recognized she had officially become intrusive, but couldn’t find a graceful way to excuse herself from the situation.  “You mean she competed in Miss America?”
“No.  She got sick right after this picture was taken.  She couldn’t go.”
“Oh.” She laughed.  “I thought that got you brownie points or something with the judges.” 
“She died.”
“Oh.” Her laughter cut short.  “I’m sorry.”
“Why?” He glanced at her, found her staring at him, her dark eyes round, her brows lifted.  “You didn’t kill her.”
Santoro blinked, the softness in her face abruptly hardening again.  “No,” she said.  “But that’s what people say, you know, when they find out someone’s dead.  It’s called being nice.” Spinning smartly on her heel, she marched off.  “You should try it sometime.” 
****
Suzette’s meatloaf turned out to be as good as her fried chicken.  The same could be said for the sex that immediately followed.  She didn’t stir as he eased his way out of the bed some time later and redressed.  The gin and tonic she’d downed with her cigarette had only been a nightcap to top off the countless shots of tequila she’d had in place of any food for supper.  His hangover from the night before had remained too fresh in his mind for Andrew to have joined her, but this hadn’t deterred Suzette in the least.  And like the night before, she’d eventually passed out, obliviously unconscious.  
As he made his way to the front door, he glanced toward the living room, half-expecting to see Alice sitting in the shadows at the coffee table again, computing the square root of pi.  He was almost disappointed when he didn’t.  
He carried his boots in his hand as he ducked out of the apartment, not wanting to clomp too loudly across the hardwood floor and disturb Alice or Suzette.  Sitting on the top step leading down to the main floor, he shoved his feet back into the shoes, and cocked his head, listening to sounds of laughter floating up to reach him.  
He went downstairs and saw the lights on in the rec room.  The laughter emanated from here, along with the faint sounds of music.  Someone had fired up the jukebox.  
Shit.  The last thing he needed was for the soldiers to catch him sneaking out of the Moore residence.  
Failure to comply with these instructions will result in your being arrested and charged with felony trespass on government property.  He could hear Prendick’s stern voice in his mind.  
Shit.  
He thought about going back upstairs to the apartment and laying low until the soldiers left.  They were only allowed an hour of free time in the evenings, two at most, so he figured they wouldn’t be much longer in the rec room.  
But then I’ll be risking getting caught if Moore comes home early.  Which would be worse, he wondered—being busted by the good doctor, with whom he’d stand a snowball’s chance in hell of staying out of jail? Or the soldiers, who at least might be sympathetic to him, understanding that he’d been getting laid, for Christ’s sake, not pilfering government secrets?
“Shit,” he muttered, moving forward, trying to stick to the shadows just beyond the spill of yellow glow coming from the rec room doorway.  His plan was simple: slip past the room unnoticed, then cross the foyer, head upstairs and dart into his room with no one the wiser.  And it was a good plan, too, one that probably would have went off without a hitch had Corporal O’Malley not walked out of the rec room just as Andrew crept past.  
 “Hey, Mister Braddock,” he called with a broad grin, entirely too loud and cheerful.  
“It’s just Andrew,” Andrew replied with a cringe, glancing nervously past O’Malley’s shoulder toward the interior of the rec room.  
“You know how to play eight-ball, Just-Andrew?” O’Malley asked, still with that goofy-looking half-cocked grin on his face.  “You know, pool.”
“Sure,” Andrew said, at a loss, wanting desperately to escape.  
“Great,” O’Malley exclaimed, hooking Andrew by the arm as he turned to call back into the rec room.  “Hey, Danny! Looks like the game’s back on.  I found you a new partner.”
“What?” Andrew blinked, then shook his head even as O’Malley dragged him across the threshold.  “Hold on.  No.  I didn’t—”
His protest cut short once inside the rec room, where he faced twin pool tables, one of which stood conspicuously vacant.  Several soldiers had gathered around the other, most out of uniform and in the T-shirts, sweatpants or jogging shorts worn for physical training.  
Not Danny, Andrew realized in surprise.  He hadn’t pictured Santoro in his mind as someone who went by Dani.  
Wow, he thought.  
He hadn’t recognized her at first.  Her hair, normally up in a ponytail or bun, hung down to her shoulders in loose, dark waves.  Her grey T-shirt hugged the trim curves of her torso, the emblazoned ARMY lettering standing out against the slight swells of her breasts.  Her black shorts revealed tanned, toned legs, generous hips and a slender waist beneath.  
Wow, he thought again.  
“Good news.” O’Malley slapped Andrew heavily on the shoulder that left him stumbling forward.  “Just-Andrew here said he’d partner up with you.” 
“Great,” Dani said, although the look on her face suggested she thought it was anything but.  
When Andrew tried to sputter in protest, O’Malley leaned close, speaking into his ear.  “Look, this is really important—the grand championship finals between the E-3s and E-4s.  Me and Dani, we’ve worked our asses off these past few weeks to get to this round, only to find out my squad’s got maneuvers tonight.  I can’t hang or I would.  It’s just two more games.  You two smoke them.” He nodded to indicate two of the soldiers standing near the pool table.  “Then those two.” Another nod.  “That’s it.”
“But I—” Andrew began, shooting a pleading look at Santoro.  
O’Malley clapped his shoulder again.  “Consider this your chance to be military material.  A gift from me to you.”
“Great,” Andrew said.  Some fucking gift.  
“Thanks.” To Dani, O’Malley leaned forward, holding out his fist.  When she did the same, he knocked his knuckles into hers.  “Kick some PFC ass for me.”


CHAPTER TEN

“PVC?” Andrew asked as Santoro led him back to the pool table.  
“PFC,” she corrected.  “Stands for Private First Class.  They’re E-3s, ranked beneath E-4s like me and O’Malley.”
“Oh.” Feeling uncomfortable and intrusive, Andrew stood somewhat behind her as she offered introductions.  He wanted to say something to her, apologize for being such a dickhead earlier when she’d brought back his photograph of Beth, but she wouldn’t give him the chance.  
“This is Greg Taylor and Nick Jones.” She pointed to the pair closest to the table, who each leaned against the pool cues they held and awarded Andrew affable nods.  “We’re playing them first.  Then if we win, we’re up against Tweedledee and Tweedledum over there, Matt LaFollette and Mike Turner.” 
She flapped her hand at the other two soldiers.  One of them gave him a short, curt wave, while the other nodded once.  
“You ever play before?” Santoro asked, chalking up her cue stick.  
“Uh.” Andrew shrugged.  “Sure.” 
When she tossed him the little, well-worn cube, he fumbled, then dropped it on the floor, leaving a bright blue smutch on the linoleum.  She rolled her eyes.  “Great,” she muttered within his earshot.  “This should be fun.”
She leaned over and beat him to the punch, just as he, too, reached for the fallen chalk.  “Okay, listen,” she said, her brows narrowing.  “Nick just broke.  They’re solids.  That means we’re trying to hit the balls with the stripes on them…” She mimed holding a ball in her hand, painting a stripe around its diameter.  “…into the pockets.” Now she pretended to plunk the invisible ball into an equally invisible hole.  
“Thanks for that,” he said dryly.  
“Just try not to scratch and stay out of my way,” she said.  “I’ll take care of the rest.”

Ten minutes later, Andrew leaned across the table, his arm extended, his fingers fanned out to bridge his cue.  “Corner pocket,”  he said, leveling his sites on the eight ball near the far end of the table.  Pausing conspicuously, he glanced over his shoulder at Dani Santoro, his brow arched.  “It’s okay to hit that one now, isn’t it? Even though it doesn’t have…” He relaxed his grip on the back of cue long enough to twirl his index finger in a circle.  “…a stripe around it?”
Without looking back at the table, he made the shot, sinking the eight in the pocket he’d predicted, thus winning the game for them—and all without the other team having even had the chance to take a shot.  
“You ran the table,” Santoro observed as Greg Taylor and Nick Jones slinked away, muttering together and shooting dark looks in Andrew’s general direction.  
“I did?” Andrew feigned innocent obliviousness while the next two players, Matt LaFollette and Mike Turner chalked their sticks and racked the balls.  
“Where’d you learn to play like that?” 
Dropping her a wink, he said, “North Pole.”
On the next game, he let her take some shots, primarily because he was curious to see if she was any good.  She turned out to be surprisingly so, particularly considering she was short enough for her stature to have been a possible handicap when it came to making long shots.  He discovered something else along the way that had been hidden beneath the drab and unflattering uniform—Dani Santoro had a great ass.  And when she bent over the pool table, stretching out her arms to take aim, the dark cotton of her shorts stretched tight, the bottom hem riding up just enough to make the crotch of Andrew’s jeans feel uncomfortably tight.  
“Go ahead, Santoro,” one of their opponents, Turner, said as she lined up a shot.  “Put it up the little tramp’s ass.” Leaning against the nearest wall, his arms folded across his chest, he dropped a conspicuous sideways grin at his partner, LaFollette, who then guffawed.  
Santoro glanced up from her cue, her brows narrowed.  “Real funny,” she said, and whatever the private pun was, it clearly bothered her.  Even though she redirected her attention to the table, she missed the shot, the nine ball glancing off the bumper and narrowly skating past the pocket.  
“Little tramp’s ass?” Andrew said, curious, his brow raised.  
“It’s nothing.” Santoro glowered at Turner again.  
“It’s a Langley-ism,” Turner offered helpfully, though this meant nothing to Andrew.  
“Like I said.  It’s nothing,” Santoro said, still frowning.  With this, she turned, handing her cue stick to Andrew.  “I’ll be right back.  I need to hit the latrine.”
Andrew couldn’t help but notice he wasn’t alone in not-so-surreptitiously checking Santoro out as she left the room.  
“Man,” LaFollette said, sucking in a hiss through his teeth.  “How’d you like to tap a piece of that?” 
“Watch it, man,” Turner said.  “Don’t let O’Malley hear you say shit like that.”
The two privates laughed.  
“You mean, the two of them…they’re together?” Andrew asked.  
LaFollette laughed again.  “Yeah.  In O’Malley’s wet dreams.”
“He just wants to,” Turner said.  
“He’s been trying to get in her pants since the day he got here,” said LaFollette.  “Langley said he was the only guy he’d ever seen who was pussy-whipped without getting any pussy.”
The two soldiers laughed again.  
“Langley?” Andrew said.  “The guy who came up with ‘put it up the little tramp’s ass?’” Apparently Langley was a veritable fount of such colorful phrases.  
“Yeah.  Grant Langley.  He was A squadron’s leader.  Hand-picked by Prendick.  They all were.”
“Santoro’s always been pissed off about that,” Turner told Andrew, leaning forward and speaking in a low, conspiratorial tone.  “Said he didn’t deserve it.  She was just jealous, if you ask me.”
“He got sent home a month or so ago along with the rest of his squad.  Captain Peterson, too.  They all came down with Rocky Mountain spotted fever.” LaFollette shook his head, looking somber.  “That’s some nasty ass shit.”
Rocky Mountain spotted fever? Andrew thought in surprise.  That’s the big secret about what happened to Lieutenant Carter, the guy who had my room before me? Everyone else had, to that point, seemed so tight-lipped about Carter and his whereabouts, that he found himself nearly disappointed with the banality of the truth.  The forests all around them were teeming with deer ticks.  Rocky Mountain spotted fever, Lyme disease and other ailments transmitted through their bites should have been considered both a common enough concern and unextraordinary risk.  
“Hey, man.” Turner walked around the table toward Andrew, slipping an iPhone off a carrying clip on his waistband.  “You ever here of a camel spider?”
“Oh, yeah, show him,” LaFollette said, grinning.  
“Camel spider?” Andrew shook his head.  
“They’re all over the place in Iraq,” Turner said.  
“Nasty fuckers,” LaFollette added.  “Bigger than your hand.  Seriously.  And they can run up to like thirty miles an hour.  When they bite you, it can rot the skin and shit, clear down to the bone.”
“Jesus,” Andrew remarked, brows raised.  
“Here, look.  I’ve got a video saved of one.” Turner pivoted so Andrew could see his iPhone screen.  “Langley sent it to me back when the internet was working.  Said he’d shot it over in Baghdad, about six weeks before he left.  That’s him right there.”
In the video, a young man stood in extreme close-up, grinning broadly as he addressed the camera.  His hair was shorn in the close-cropped style of an active-duty soldier, and he wore desert-grade military fatigues.  
“I’m sending a little care package home,” he said.  He had heavy brows that hung low over his eyes, lending them a slitted, nearly predatory appearance.  “Check it out.”
The camera panned down as he flapped his hand in directive, showing a large box on a table top.  Wrapped in brown paper, it looked indeed like something that might be shipped.  Except for the enormous, wriggling creature pinned beneath the intersecting lines of tautly bound packing rope wrapped around the box.  
“Holy shit,” Andrew whispered, leaning closer.  
“It’s something else, huh?” Turner grinned.  
“What is it?” Andrew asked.  
“We told you, man, it’s a camel spider,” LaFollette said with a laugh.  
The thing sort of looked like a spider.  But it appeared to have five pairs of legs, not four, all of which flapped and flailed as it struggled to escape the ropes.  It took Andrew a moment to realize these weren’t an extra set of legs, but the creature’s palpi, which were sort of like antennae or mandibles in other similar arachnid species.  
“They say these fuckers can scream like a bitch,” Langley said, off-camera.  “Well, boys and girls, we’re going to find out if that’s true.”
“Here it comes.” LaFollette sounded giddy with excitement as he jabbed his elbow into Andrew’s arm.  “Watch, man.  This is the best part.”
Although he remained out of view, his hand came on-screen, his fingers curled around the hilt of a large knife.  “You going to scream for us?” he asked the thrashing animal in a taunting, sing-song sort of voice.  “Huh, you little fucker? You going to scream for me?”
The spider didn’t scream as Langley used the knife to cut off its legs one by one, then its large mandibles, then pieces of its abdomen segment by segment.  It struggled beneath the ropes, until at last falling still, and then the camera panned back up to show Langley’s face, his mouth still stretched into a broad grin.  
“I guess that answers that, huh?” he asked the camera.  Drawing the knife blade to his mouth, he licked it, then smacked his lips together.  “Mmmm.”
“So what do you think?” Turner asked Andrew as the video stopped.  
“That’s some sick shit,” Andrew replied.  
Turner and LaFollette laughed.  
“You showed him that stupid video, didn’t you?” Santoro said as she re-entered the rec room.  When she saw Turner putting his iPhone away, she scowled.  
“Come on, Santoro.” Turner rolled his eyes.  “We’re just having a little fun.”
“Some fun.” She snatched her cue stick in hand and scowled at them.  “Come on, Turner.  It’s your turn.”
When the game was over, Santoro having sank the eight in the side pocket to secure the win, she beamed brightly and offered her fist to Andrew, just as O’Malley had earlier to her.  “Good job, partner.”
Stunned by this warm turn in her reception, he knocked his knuckles against hers, as he’d seen O’Malley do.  “Not bad for a civilian, huh?” 
She laughed.  Turning to LaFollette and Turner, she held out her hand expectantly.  “Alright, Privates,” she said.  “Ante up.”
 “Ante? You mean we were playing for money?” Andrew asked, glad now that he hadn’t known this from the start, considering all of his available cash remained water-logged and probably mildewing on his bed upstairs.  
“Not really,” Santoro said, as LaFollette and Turner dug around in their pockets, fishing out loose change.  “For Cokes out of the machine.”
The PFCs continued playing pool while Santoro and Andrew sat together on a couch across the room, each of them holding an ice-cold plastic bottle of Coca-Cola.  
“Cheers.” Santoro tapped her bottle into his in a toast, then took a sip.  
“Cheers,” Andrew replied, doing likewise.  She was being nice to him now and he found he didn’t mind.  There was something to be said for having earned his way onto Dani Santoro’s good side.  
After a moment in which she took a long drink from her Coke, she glanced at him.  “Sorry for earlier.  The camel spider thing.  LaFollette and Turner were just messing with you.”
“Yeah, I figured as much.”
“All that stuff’s bullshit and they know it.  Hell, Turner’s never even been to Iraq.  His tour was in Afghanistan.  Camel spiders are harmless.  I mean, they’ll bite you, sure, but they’re not poisonous.  And that’s why they tell you to shake out your boots in the morning, your sleeping bags every night when you’re over there.” She shook her head, took another sip, then glanced at him.  “So did they tell you I was jealous of Langley? Mad because Prendick put him in charge of some so-called elite training squad?”
“Well, I…” Andrew cut his eyes toward the pool table, then down at the bottle in his hands.  
“I was pissed about that.  Grant Langley’s a sadistic creep.  He likes to pick fights with people he thought were weak.” 
Andrew wondered if that had included Santoro, if only because she was a woman.  
“He didn’t deserve to get seniority over that squad, not when there are at least a dozen other non-comms in this unit more qualified and capable than he is any day of the week.  But apparently, Major Prendick didn’t agree.”
Andrew studied her for a moment, then said carefully, “Doesn’t sound like you care much for him, either.”
She shrugged.  “I don’t really know him much to say.” Taking a quick swig of soda, she added, “I’m not too impressed with him so far, if that’s what you mean.”
“I kind of figured that, yeah,” he said, drawing her gaze, making her laugh again.  
****
The PFCs returned to their quarters in the barracks annex shortly after that, and Santoro had followed, switching off the lights in the rec room as she and Andrew made their ways to their respective rooms.  The building was dark and quiet as they crossed the foyer together.  Beyond the glass doors near the back courtyard, security lights outside cut swaths of pale glow across the floor in irregular puddles.  By this dim glow, he could just make out the stark outline of the laboratory building near the trees.  The house of pain, he thought.  
“What exactly is Dr. Moore up to out here anyway?” he asked Santoro.  “What kind of research is he doing?”
She paused alongside him at the glass doors and looked outside.  “I don’t know,” she replied.  When he glanced at her in surprise, she said, “Nobody’s told us, except that it’s top secret.”
“Aren’t you kind of worried?” he asked, brow raised.  “I mean, he could be out there making anthrax or something.”
“Of course I am,” she said.  “But what am I supposed to do? I’m under orders.  It’s not like I can just walk out of here.  Believe me, I’d much rather be back in New York.” 
“Is that where you’re from?” he asked and she nodded.  
“The Bronx, yeah.” She glanced over her shoulder almost as if uneasy, or if she feared being overheard.  “Between you and me, this is the strangest assignment I’ve ever had.”
“Why?” he asked.  
She shook her head.  “Because we’re all reservists here—National Guard, not full time Army.  I’m usually deployed with a maintenance battalion.  This set up is a hodge-podge of different units, different companies, different regiments.  I didn’t know any of these guys up until we got here.  And there’s only twenty-four of us here.  Well, sixteen now that they sent Lieutenant Carter and all of Alpha squad home.”
“Is that unusual?” Andrew asked.  
“When I was in Iraq, I was part of a five-hundred man battalion,” she said.  “My platoon had more manpower than this operation.  Yeah, I’d say it’s very unusual.” 
She clapped him affably on the shoulder, then turned to walk away.  
“Hey, Santoro,” he said, and she paused, glancing at him, her expression curious.  “I’m sorry about earlier, what I said when you came by my room.  I just…It was a long time ago, but it was really hard on my family, what happened to Beth.  I really don’t like to talk about it.”
Santoro nodded once.  “Fair enough.  I shouldn’t have tried to joke with you about it.  I’m sorry, too.”
They both stood there, the silence growing prolonged and pronounced, as if they waited for something.  “Well,” she said at length.  “Guess I’ll see you around sometime.”
“Yeah.” He watched her leave, thinking again that it wasn’t so bad, being on her good side.  “See you.”


CHAPTER ELEVEN

Andrew stood alone by the back doors as the sounds of Santoro’s footsteps had faded down the corridor.  Just as he moved to head for the stairwell, a blur of sudden movement out of the corner of his gaze drew his attention to the doors, the courtyard beyond.  
What the…?
He could see a small figure crossing the lawn outside, marking a slow but steady bisecting line across the courtyard.  He caught a glimpse of long, dark, disheveled hair and bare feet beneath the long hem of a nightgown.  Alice Moore.  
What’s she doing? For an uncertain moment, he glanced over his shoulder toward the hall behind him, at the end of which were the stairs leading up to Dr. Moore’s apartment.  Suzette had told him Alice wasn’t allowed to go anywhere on her own, but he saw no sign of Suzette, Moore or anyone else out in the yard with the girl.  
“Shit,” he muttered.  Shoving the door open with both hands, Andrew ran out onto the sidewalk.  “Alice!”
If she heard him calling to her, she didn’t stop, didn’t turn around or even pause.  Maintaining her bee-line across the yard, she walked ahead of him, and she had enough of a lead that he had to sprint to catch up.  As he approached, he could have sworn he heard her counting, whispering with each step.  
“Hey.” He caught her by the shoulder, winded.  “Hold up.  What are you doing?”
She looked up at him.  “I’m walking.”
Still trying to catch his breath, Andrew laughed.  “Yeah.  I can see that.”
“Then why did you ask?”
“I meant what are you doing outside by yourself?”
“Then why didn’t you ask that?” 
He shook his head, wishing all at once that he’d chosen the lady over the tiger and had gone upstairs to get Suzette.  
Alice turned around, started walking again.  
“Wait.” He hurried after her.  “Where are you going?” 
Her path led them to her father’s laboratory building, its featureless white stone façade bathed in the stark, pale glow of security lights.  Fearless, she went straight to the main entrance, an entry alcove in which a polarized glass and steel door had been recessed.  Without a pause, she reached up, typed a quick series of numbers into the key pad.  
“What are you doing?” he asked in wide-eyed alarm as she opened the door.  O’Malley had called this place the house of pain, and all at once, he didn’t really want to find out why.  As she walked inside, he reached for her, fumbled with her sleeve, then missed.  The door started to swing shut behind her with a hiss of pneumatics.  He hadn’t taken note of the pass code and realized if it shut between them, he’d be locked outside.  
“Shit.” Catching the door with his hand within inches of it closing fully, he drew it open again and ducked inside after Alice.  
“What are you doing?” he whispered again.  “Alice, wait.  Stop.  You’re not supposed to be in here.”
She was already on the move ahead of him.  “Neither are you,” she replied without sparing him a glance.  
He opened his mouth, then shut it again.  She had him there.  
As Andrew trailed the girl along the brightly lit corridors, their footsteps marked a whispered cadence against the glossy tiled floors.  Everything looked white-washed, stark and sterile.  The air felt sharp and cold, smelling distinctly of antiseptics and bleach.  He looked all around, wide-eyed as they passed by closed doors, all barred with individual key pad locks, all bearing a variety of brightly colored alert labels in prominent view.  
CAUTION: BIOHAZARD, some read, additionally emblazoned with three interlocking circles forming a triangular shape against a neon orange background.  Perhaps more ominous were the ones that read CANCER HAZARD and BIOSAFETY LEVEL 2.  
“What the hell does your dad do here?” he whispered.  It was a good thing he hadn’t really expected an answer from Alice, because she didn’t offer one.  
She paused outside a pair of automatic doors, and punched in a pass code.  The doors obligingly swung inward, and Andrew followed her hesitantly across the threshold.  Inside, beneath that sterile, sanitary smell was the distinctive odor of musk and ammonia he associated with a zoo.  One side of the room contained with animal cages, like oversized dog carriers, white plastic with chrome gates, stacked in neat columns and lined up in tidy rows.  On the other side stood a peculiar phalanx of tall red chemical tanks connected to a network of pipes that branched up to the ceiling.  CARBON DIOXIDE, the black-on-gold labels read on each.  
“For in case there’s a fire,” Alice explained, noticing his attention.  He glanced at her, curious, and she said, “It’s so water from a sprinkler system won’t mess up Daddy’s equipment.  See?” She pointed behind him and mounted beside the doorway, he saw a bright blue box.  “There’s oxygen, too.  Little portable tanks, a mask.  They’re in all the rooms.  Daddy said it’s an ocean standard.”
It took him a minute to decipher and he laughed.  “Not ocean.  OSHA.  It stands for Occupational Safety and Health Administration.”
Alice studied him for a moment, then walked away.  “Daddy says it’s just another bunch of bureaucratic bullshit.”
“He’s probably right on that one,” Andrew murmured.  As he followed Alice across the room, the animals inside the cages began to stir, a sudden din of scrabbling feet and curious chirrups.  
Monkeys, he realized as several of them suddenly pressed their faces against the gates, clutching at the cage bars with tiny, human-like hands.  
Suzette had told him that Dr. Moore’s house in Massachusetts had been firebombed.  They think it might have been a group of animal rights zealots, she’d said.  PACA, I think they’re called.  People Against Cruelty to Animals.  
Is this why? he wondered.  Whatever Moore’s working on, he’s been experimenting on animals?
The chattering from the monkeys grew louder and more insistent as Alice walked across the room and approached one of the larger crates.  Before he could fully grasp what she was doing, never mind stop her, she’d reached for a key pad near the cage’s gate.  
“Wait, don’t,” he said, but it was too late.  She’d already tapped in the pass code to unlock it and pulled open the gate.  “Alice, stop.  What are you doing?”
He drew back as a chimp emerged from the cage.  It was nearly as tall as Alice herself, with preternaturally long arms and a dense, silky coat of shiny black fur.  Hesitating at the threshold of its crate, it studied Andrew for a moment, then allowed Alice to take it by the hand, drawing it out fully.  Even though the chimpanzee seemed curious and cautious of his presence, awarding him glances now and then, Alice ignored Andrew as she led the ape toward the back of the room.  Here, she punched the access code into another key pad and disappeared into what he first mistook for a closet.  
“Alice, we have to go now,” he said, and because the other monkeys continued to grow more and more agitated, their voices louder and louder, he hurried after her.  “We have to go now.  What if your father finds out we’re here?”
“He won’t,” Alice replied.  The room wasn’t a closet at all, but instead, some sort of playroom, where board games had been stacked on small shelving units alongside picture books, puzzles, assorted toys and stuffed animals.  She had delivered the chimp to a small table in the center of the room then walked over to a nearby bookshelf.  
The chimp shot a wary glance at Andrew as he loitered in the doorway, then began to bounce on its shorter, stouter hind legs, uttering sharp little enthusiastic barks when Alice selected Candyland from among the neatly arranged games and boxes.  
“What are you doing?” Andrew asked.  “Put that away, then put the chimp back.  I’ll take you back to the apartment, to your room.”
“She’s not a chimp,” Alice said mildly, sitting across from the ape at the table.  “She’s a Siamang, the largest variety of lesser ape species called gibbons.  Her name is Lucy.” As she opened the box and began to set up the playing board, she glanced at him.  “Do you want to play?”
“I want to go back to the barracks.”
She shrugged.  “So go.”
Andrew watched as the game began.  Not only could Lucy match the colors and numbers of required spaces for each of her plays, but she could identify, find, then move her gingerbread man to the correct character spaces—ice cream cone, candy cane, gumdrop—whenever she’d draw them.  She understood what the squares designated with licorice sticks meant—losing a turn—and would slap the table and hoot, her mouth open in an elongated O of bad sportsmanship.  
“She can play Chutes and Ladders, too,” Alice supplied.  “And Memory.  But this one’s her favorite.”
“Did you teach her?”
She shook her head.  “Daddy did.  It’s part of his experiment.”
Andrew tried to picture Dr. Moore doing something as light-hearted as playing a preschooler’s board game, but couldn’t.  “What experiment?”
“To see how smart she is.”
Smart though she may have been, Lucy the Siamang also appeared to be blind in one eye.  The lens on her left side was milky and clouded.  That side of her face seemed palsied somehow, too, the corner of her mouth hanging lankly, her eyelid drooping.  Spongy growths of flesh had developed in places as well, disfiguring tumors that left her head misshapen, like half-kneaded clay.  
“Her brain grew too big,” Alice said, taking note of his attention.  “That’s what happened to her face.  Then Daddy had to cut out a piece of her skull so her brain would have enough room.  You can feel the soft spot where he did it, on the back of her head, near the top.” 
Curious, Andrew leaned forward, but when he reached out to touch Lucy’s head, the Siamang drew back, baring her teeth and chattering at him angrily.  Remembering how he’d seen stories of chimpanzee attacks on TV, where supposedly tame animals had gnawed off the fingers or faces of their owners, Andrew shrank back in alarm.  
“She doesn’t like that,” Alice said.  
“You said it was okay.”
“No.  I said you can feel it.  I meant a physical capability, not that you should try.  You’re doing that hearing-not-listening thing again.”
He scowled at her but she didn’t look up from the game board.  For her part, Lucy relaxed, her lips covering her teeth again as she resumed the game.  After a moment, during which the ape moved her piece one orange square, Alice said, “Suzette told me you like to count trees.”
He pondered this for a moment, then laughed.  “I don’t know that I like it, but I do it, yeah.  It’s part of my job.  The company I work for, we get hired to count trees, catalog different species by acreage.  That way, the people who own the land the trees are on can decide which ones, if any, they want to have cut down.”
 “What’s it called?” she asked.  
“My job? I’m a forestry consultant.” 
Her attention returned to the game.  “Maybe I can be one some day.” 
Willing to bet this wasn’t an aspiration many kids shared, Andrew smiled.  “Maybe.”
****
When they had finished several games of Candyland, Alice led Lucy by the hand back to her cage.  Andrew walked slowly down the row of crates while the monkeys inside chattered and reached for him, anxious and eager.  “What does your dad do with all of them?” he asked Alice, again thinking of PACA, the animal activists who had targeted Moore’s New England home.  
“He uses them to test different kinds of medicines,” she replied, closing the gate once Lucy had clambered inside her crate.  Punching the key pad, she locked it once more.  “Things to make their brains grow.”
She’d mentioned this before, that this was what had happened to Lucy’s face, why she had the disfiguring growths and the cross-section of her skull had been remained.  Her brain grew too big for her head.  
“Why?” he asked, bewildered and somewhat disturbed.  
Alice walked past him, heading for the door.  Catching him by the hand, she gave him a tug not in the direction of the entrance, from which they’d originally come, but the opposite way, deeper into the lab.  “Come on.  I’ll show you.”
****
American Geneticist Wins Nobel Prize in Medicine.  
Andrew studied this headline for a long, surprised moment, then the grainy black-and-white headshot of Dr. Moore that ran beneath it.  The dateline for the newspaper article, which had been laminated before its inclusion in a large scrapbook of similar clippings, was three years ago.  
Beneath the photo, the cutline read: American physician and geneticist Edward Moore, M.D., Ph. D., has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine for the development of biosynthetic recombinant proteins that accelerates the natural physiological healing process, reducing incidences of chronic, non-healing wound development.  
“Your dad won the Nobel Prize?” Andrew asked Alice, wide-eyed, and she nodded.  
She had brought him to a small and sparsely furnished office she said belonged to her father.  Inside, a cluttered desk and wing-backed leather chair were framed by filing cabinets and laden bookshelves.  From one of these, Alice had produced the thick, heavily bound scrapbook.  
He’d flipped through it, curious at first, then with an undisguised fascination.  Nobel Laureate Dr. Edward Moore will speak at the spring commencement services for his alma mater, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, read one of the first articles he’d spied, dated almost twelve years earlier.  
To his surprise, the commencement speaker announcement was accompanied by a small photo of Moore in a laboratory setting.  To his left in the photograph stood another doctor, a blonde woman in a lab coat with a full, familiar mouth Andrew recognized right away.  
Edward Moore, M.D., Ph.D., and research associate Suzette Montgomery, M.D., at work at the Genomics and Bioinformatics Division at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York.  
On his first day at the compound, Suzette had told him she worked with Moore’s daughter.  
She never mentioned anything about helping with his research, though, he thought, startled.  
“Martha and I made that for him,” she said, nodding at the book.  
“Martha?”
Alice nodded.  “She used to be my nurse.  Before Suzette.”
Her previous caregiver died trying to get out, Suzette had told him, and he realized.  “I heard about what happened to your house,” he said, treading carefully, trying to be tactful.  “I’m really sorry.”
Alice shrugged, her expression as smooth as plaster.  
“What about your mother?” he asked.  “Was she home at the time, too?”
Alice shook her head.  “She was on a cruise in Limassol.  It’s an island in the Mediterranean.  She goes every year with her husband.  She and Daddy got a divorce.”
“I’m sorry.”
She shrugged.  “It was a long time ago.”
In between the press clippings were different photographs of Moore and Alice.  In some, she was only a chubby cheeked baby in ruffled dresses and crisp bonnets cradled in his arms while he beamed at the camera, the quintessential proud papa—and so far removed from the red-faced, nearly crazed man who’d brandished a gun against Andrew, it seemed impossible that the two were one and the same.  Although Alice responded in the earlier photos, as the chronology progressed, so, too, did her notice of the camera’s attention fade.  In the last dozen or so shots, she would look past the lens in distracted, haunted fashion, her expression lax, impassive, unreadable.  
“My parents are divorced, too,” Andrew said and she glanced at him.  
“When?”
“Seven years ago.  Shortly after my sister died.”
Alice turned her attention to him in full.  “How did she die?”
“She was very sick.  A disease called lupus.  She was diagnosed when she was really young and it went into remission for a long time.  When it came back, it was worse than ever and she couldn’t fight it off.”
“What was her name?” Alice asked.  
He smiled.  “Beth.”
“Was she younger than you?” she asked.  
“No.  She was five years older.”
Alice looked down at the book again.  “You must miss her a lot.”
“I do, yeah.” Andrew smiled somewhat sadly, thinking of Beth’s grin, her voice, her laughter.  Hey, Germ.  What’s up? 
“Where’s your mom now?”
“She’s back home in Alaska.  That’s where I grew up.”
Without looking up, she said, “You don’t look like an Eskimo.”
He laughed.  “More than just Eskimos live in Alaska.”
“Do you miss your mom?”
“All the time.”
“How about your dad? Do you miss him?”
That soft smile faded as the words from his father’s letter came to mind.  
I’ve found someone else, someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.  
“Sometimes,” he said.  
It’s not what you think, Eric had told him seven years earlier, the last time Andrew had seen him.  Lila and I ran into each other right after Beth died at our lawyer’s office.  
Ironically, as Alice’s emotions seemed to fade in each progressive frame, so, too, did her father’s, until at last, neither one of them smiled, even when photographed together.  One in particular caught Andrew’s attention.  In it, Moore stood in a long, dark winter coat, holding his daughter in his arms.  Alice wore a beret tipped at a jaunty angle, with a matching coat, stockings and glossy black Mary Jane shoes.  They stood outside of a building crafted in the gothic architectural style, with a small suitcase, child-sized, on the sidewalk beside them.  
“That was when Daddy brought me home from Gallatin,” Alice said, noticing his attention.  
“Gallatin?”
She nodded.  “It’s a special hospital in Massachusetts.”
“What do you mean, special?” he asked.  
“Daddy says it’s a place for crazy people,” Alice said and Andrew blinked in surprise.  “He says I didn’t belong there.  My mother put me in it.  He had to go to court to get me out.  It took a long time because she had a court order that said I had to stay.”
“How long?”
Alice shrugged.  “Three years.”
What the hell kind of person sticks their kid in a mental institution for three years?
“I’m not mad at her for it,” she continued.  “Daddy is, but I’m not.  He was gone a lot back then with his work.  He didn’t always see how things were, how I was.”
It’s my understanding she’s better now than she used to be.  Suzette had told Andrew this.  
“What do you mean?” he asked quietly.  
Without looking at him, she said, “I used to hit her.  Kick her, too.  I would bite her sometimes and once I pulled out a whole handful of her hair.”
He tried unsuccessfully to picture this small, slight, stoic child doing anything so violent.  “Why?”
She shook her head.  “I don’t know.” A quick glance at him.  “But I’m better now.”
When the fluorescents in the hallway abruptly came on, the stark glow cut a thin, bright line beneath the office door.  Alice gasped, sharp and alarmed.  “It’s Daddy!”
“Shit.” Andrew slapped the scrapbook closed.  
“Here.” Alice caught him by the sleeve, tugged at him even as he heard the faint beep-beep-beep as Moore punched in his access code at the key pad.  “This way.”
Stumbling in tow, he hurried with her to a small coat closet in the far corner.  They ducked together inside, closing the door just as Moore opened the one to his office and walked inside.  The closet door was vented with horizontal wooden slats directly in front of Andrew’s face and when Moore snapped on the lights, yellow glow spilled through the narrow seams.  
“…repeated karyotypic abnormalities that may be related to chromosomal instability, though I’ve yet to identify the specific causal mechanism,” Moore was saying.  “The mitotic-spindle checkpoints that ordinarily preserve chromosomal integrity during cell divisions isn’t initiating proper apoptosis.”
Andrew shied back, keeping his hand against Alice’s shoulder.  She’d gone rigid beside him, stiff as a board, tucked to his hip.  Neither of them breathed as they strained to listen while Moore rustled papers, opened and shut file cabinet drawers and tooled momentarily around in his office.  “It makes no sense,” he said.  “Benign neoplasm development continues at an accelerated rate even after the recombinant polypeptide is discontinued.”
His voice faded into silence, trailing off in mid-thought.  Through the slats in the closet door, Andrew could see him.  Moore had come to a stop by his desk, looking down at it with a puzzled expression on his face.  
Shit, Andrew thought.  We left the scrapbook out,
 “In English, please, Dr. Moore,” another man said in a dry tone, heavy footsteps marking a loud cadence on the floor as he entered the office.  
That’s Major Prendick.  Andrew recognized the voice right away.  “Shit,” he groaned aloud, the Major’s words resounding in his mind: Failure to comply with these instructions will result in your being arrested and charged with felony trespass on government property.  
Moore turned away from the scrapbook and his desk.  “This new formulation isn’t any more stable than the last one.  The cells still aren’t self-regulating.  I can trigger the cycle of mitosis but I still can’t shut it off.”
“I thought you said you’d identified the necessary proteins,” Prendick said.  
“No, I said blocking certain D-type cyclins from the biosynthetic hormones might lower the risk neoplastic cell growth,” Moore shot back.  “D cyclins are proteins that turn mitosis—cell division—on and off.  But there are other avenues we can still try.  D cyclins work in cooperation with two specific protein kinases to activate tissue growth.  Maybe if we knock out the kinases currently involved and—”
“How long?” Prendick cut in.  
“I can start on it tonight,” Moore said.  “Have a test serum ready to try in tomorrow, maybe the next day.”
Andrew heard a soft snict! then caught a whiff of tobacco smoke, just as Moore huffed out a short, sharp breath.  
“He’s smoking,” Alice whispered.  When she looked up at Andrew, the light from the office bathed her face, bisected in parallel lines by stripes of shadows.  “He’s not supposed to be smoking.  He told me he’d quit.”
She moved as she said this, stumbling in the dark and knocking loudly into a box on the closet floor.  Andrew grabbed her to spare her a fall, but leaned into a cluster of bare wire coat hangers dangling from the overhead rod.  These banged and clanged together and the damage was done.  Through the narrow margins of space in the door vent, he could see both men in the office beyond turn to look their way.  
“Shit,” he whispered.  
“I’m sorry,” Alice hiccupped.  
Moore started for the closet door, his brows furrowed.  
“Shit.” Andrew backpedaled, pressing himself against the wall.  Alice seized him by the hand, gripping hard enough to draw his gaze.  
“Wunno, wunno,” she said.  Or at least, that’s what it sounded like to him.  But before he had time to do anything other than blink stupidly at her, convinced he’d misheard, Alice pushed him aside and shoved the door open, just as her father reached for the knob on the other side.  Startled, Moore danced backwards, and Alice darted out, kicking the door shut behind her before her father or anyone else could catch sight of Andrew inside.  
 “Alice,” Moore exclaimed.  She didn’t answer him, just bee-lined for the door, and he followed her, catching her by the sleeve.  “Alice, what are you doing in here?”
“Where did she come from?” Prendick asked.  
Moore wheeled her about and she blinked up at him, all round and impassive eyes.  “You’re smoking.”
“And how did she get in the lab?” Prendick demanded.  
“You’re not supposed to be smoking,” Alice said to Dr. Moore.  “You quit.”
“I know.” Moore snubbed his still-smoldering cigarette out beneath the toe of his shoe, then gathered his daughter in his arms.  
“How the hell did she get in the lab?” Prendick snapped again.  
As Andrew watched, safe again in the closet, Moore hoisted Alice against his chest.  “She must have figured out the door codes.  I’ll take her back to the compound, put her to bed.” He carried Alice toward the door.  She had her arms around his neck and looked over his shoulder toward the closet as they left, seeming to meet Andrew’s gaze.  
“I want you back here after that,” Prendick said.  With a thoughtful frown, a slight crimp to his brows, he glanced across the office toward the closet, as if having taken note of Alice’s gaze and redirected his own to follow.  
Shit.  Andrew shrank back again, his breath cutting short.  
He heard the soft, crunch-tap of Prendick’s shoe soles on the linoleum floor, a slow rhythm, a deliberate approach.  
Shit, Andrew thought.  Shit, shit, shit.  
The lights from the office outside abruptly went dark and he risked a quick enough peek to see Prendick walking out the door, swinging it shut behind him, leaving Andrew alone.  
“Shit,” he whispered, a shaky sound, and he managed a breathless laugh as he listened to the muted sounds as the men walked away.  When he raked his fingers through the crown of his hair, he found the roots damp with anxious sweat and he had to laugh once more.  “Shit.”


CHAPTER TWELVE

The next morning, Andrew was up before sunrise, dressed and outside, waiting for Alice to begin her ritual walk.  When he saw her trailing along the outer edge of the yard, Suzette marking a leisurely pace and broad space behind her, he broke into a sprint, crossing the dew-soaked grass to catch them.  
“Hey,” he gasped with a winded grin.  The morning was the sort of crisp and cool found only in autumn, a sharp but pleasant chill that was just enough to frost his breath in a thin film before his face.  
She didn’t stop, didn’t even look at him.  Continuing on her way, she brushed past him, mumbling numbers to herself, counting her steps.  
“Alice?” Puzzled, somewhat wounded by the cold shoulder, he turned and followed.  “Hey, hold up a second.”
Because she still didn’t stop, he pulled into the lead, then turned again, positioning himself directly in her path.  Only then did she draw to a halt.  Because she won’t walk around me, he realized.  It would mess up her count.  
Andrew squatted in front of her, trying unsuccessfully to draw her gaze from her toes.  “I wanted to thank you,” he said.  “For last night, covering for me, giving me the pass code.”
As it had turned out, wunno-wunno wasn’t what she’d said to him in the closet in the split seconds before she’d ducked out the door and distracted her father and Prendick.  He hadn’t realized it until he’d tried to leave the building and discovered that the exterior doors required a pass code for both entry and exit.  After a moment’s frustrated near panic, he’d thought of what she’d said, and of something else she’d mentioned earlier, when he’d found himself locked inside her father’s apartment.  
Daddy always chooses binary numbers, using only zeroes or ones.  He says they’re easier to remember.  That means there are only eight possible combinations within the four-digit limit.  I guessed the right one my first day here.  
Wunno-wunno had in fact been one-oh-one-oh, or in this case, one-zero, one-zero, which happened to be Dr. Moore’s pass code for all of the laboratory and compound key pads.  
Her hair had fallen into her face and he brushed it back behind her ear.  “You mad at me?” he asked, because she still wouldn’t look at him.  
It was wrong and he knew it, but he’d taken Moore’s scrapbook with him when he’d left the lab building the night before.  He’d sat up for awhile once he’d slipped back into his room at the barracks, too full of adrenaline to relax or sleep, and had flipped through the book, reading all of the articles tucked inside.  Time and again, he’d found himself drawn to the photograph of Moore carrying Alice down the stairs of Gallatin State Hospital.  
Daddy says it’s a place for crazy people, Alice had told him.  He says I didn’t belong there.  My mother put me in it.  He had to go to court to get me out.  It took a long time because she had a court order that said I had to stay.  
Andrew had studied that photo, the haunting image of Alice’s large eyes, her vacant stare spearing out of the print and up at him.  What had happened to her in that place? he’d wondered.  Three years, he’d thought, stricken and sad.  Jesus Christ, the poor kid.  
Her cheek was cold to his touch.  Though she’d worn socks and shoes that morning, unlike before, she still wore only a thin flannel nightgown.  “Where’s your coat?” he asked, because she still wouldn’t look at him, wouldn’t acknowledge him.  “Here.” 
He wore an insulated flannel shirt, the one he’d been wearing on the day he’d wrecked his Jeep.  Suzette had laundered it for him since then.  It was quilted inside, thick and warm, and he shrugged his way out of it now, wearing a long-sleeved thermal shirt beneath.  “Put this on.  You’re going to get sick.”
As he drew the shirt around her narrow shoulders, tugging the collar together beneath her chin, Suzette drew near.  “Watch it now.  I’ll get jealous,” she chided with a smile.  
Andrew thought of the magazine clipping he’d seen last night, the image of Dr. Moore and Suzette together in the laboratory.  
Noted geneticist Edward Moore, M.D., Ph.D., and research associate Suzette Montgomery, M.D., at work at the Genomics and Bioinformatics Division at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York.  
She carried a lit cigarette in her hand and lifted it to her mouth now for a quick drag.  “We need to stop meeting like this, you know.  People are going to think you’re in love with me.”
He forced a laugh.  “Just a coincidence, I promise,” he said, standing.  After an uncertain glance around, he added, “I was on my way to the garage to see how my Jeep’s doing.”
She took another pull from the cigarette.  “Oh.”
“Well, I, uh…” Fumbling now, he raked his fingers through his hair, then managed a clumsy wave.  “I’ll see you around then.”
Suzette smirked, bemused.  “Sure.”
He started to turn, to walk away, but Alice caught him by the hand, her grip tight and urgent.  “Is it fun?” she asked.  
Surprised, he looked down at her.  “What?” 
 “Your job.  Is it fun?”
Even yesterday, the question, and the whole line of disjointed thinking that had prompted it, might have caught him off guard or puzzled him, but he found himself growing used to Alice’s way of phasing in and out of conversations with no apparent concept of time.  
“I’ve never thought about it like that before,” he admitted.  “I guess it can be, if you’re into being out by yourself a lot in the woods.”
She looked up at him, patient.  “Are you?”
“Sometimes, I guess.  Sure.”
 “Do you get lonely?” 
Andrew knelt again, bringing himself to her eye level.  “Not really.  Sometimes I like being by myself.”
She studied him for a moment.  “Me, too.”
Whatever inner bulb had illuminated in her mind abruptly snuffed again.  He watched, fascinated and somewhat sad, as her gaze grew abruptly distant, her attention unfocused, her expression slackening into stoic impassivity once more.  
“Good bye, Alice,” he murmured, stroking her cheek once, gently.  “See you later.”
****
Because he’d made up the pretense of checking up on his Jeep for Suzette’s benefit, and she remained within view as she followed Alice across the yard, Andrew ducked into the garage.  There was no way in hell Santoro would have the truck up and running again and he knew it, not that day or any other.  She might have been joking when she’d told him the Jeep needed a salvage yard, not a mechanic, but she’d been right nonetheless.  
Even before reaching the garage building, he’d heard music, and once inside, with its vaulted ceilings, smooth concrete floors and cinderblock walls, the garage amplified the guitar strains of Santana from a CD boom box to nearly deafening levels.  
“Hello?” he called, trying in vain to pitch his voice above the music.  His poor Jeep listed in the corner, a dilapidated, waterlogged paperweight.  Three other vehicles, these all of the olive drab camouflage paint job variety, sat parked in different service bays, one with its hood up, another with tires removed and the third still raised on lifts and left to dangle in the air.  
“Santoro?”
Because other than the music, there seemed no sign of life inside, he walked inside, crossing the expansive open floor, looking curiously around.  “Hey, Santoro,” he called again.  “Anybody home?”
In the far corner, he spied a desk, an antiquated behemoth made of gray-green painted steel.  Circa 1960-something, it took up nearly the entire corner with its squat, square bulk.  Framed photos of children littered the top, a dark haired boy and girl, both grinning broadly in a variety of poses—the boy on his bicycle with a helmet cock-eyed on his head, in his swim trunks in a green plastic wading pool, the girl in pink plastic sunglasses or dressed up in oversized shoes and carrying an adult-sized purse.  
In another photograph, the only one not of the children, Santoro stood in a wedding gown.  Curious, he picked it up to study it more closely.  Younger, with make up on, her hair pin-curled and coiffed, she beamed at the camera.  Her dress hugged the indention of her waist, the generous outward swells of her hips before pooling in a wide train around her feet.  She’d made a breath-taking bride as she’d posed on the arm of a handsome Hispanic man in a tuxedo.  
Lucky guy, he thought.  He’d only ever been in love enough to want to marry someone once—with Lila.  There had been no one since he’d ever even thought about spending the rest of his life with, but he hoped that if he ever did, she’d look that happy on their wedding day.  
Not to mention that beautiful.  
The music cut off, startling him, and he turned to find Santoro walking toward him, wiping her hands on a towel.  “Well, hey, partner,” she said with a puzzled but pleased sort of grin.  “Wasn’t expecting to see you so early today.”
“Hey, hi.” Feeling intrusive, like he’d been caught snooping through her underwear drawer, he set the wedding picture back on her desk.  It promptly fell face-down with a clatter against the blotter and abashed, he propped it upright again.  “I’m sorry.”
“That’s okay,” she said, then the picture toppled again.  “The little thing on the back is kind of broken.  You have to…” He tried to set it up as she spoke, and when it fell again, she laughed.  “Here.  I’ll do it.”
She leaned past him, reaching for the picture.  
“I’m sorry,” he said again.  
“It’s alright.  It’s an old frame.” Because she couldn’t get it to stand again, either, she finally settled for slapping it face-down on the desk.  “There.” Laughing, she swatted her hands together.  “That’ll work.”
He laughed with her.  She had dark smutches of grease on her cheeks, embedded beneath the crescents of her fingernails, the creases in her knuckles.  Loose strands of hair had worked loose from her ordinarily meticulous ponytail and drooped over her brow to dangle lankly against her cheeks.  When she smiled, he could see beneath that to the radiant bride in the wedding photo.  
She’s married, for Christ’s sake, he told himself sharply, and appropriately rebuked, he glanced back at her desk.  “So, uh, are these your kids?”
“No,” she replied.  “Those pictures came with the frames.  I figure I’ll find something to stick in their places someday.”
When he blinked at her in surprised bewilderment, she laughed.  “I’m kidding.  Of course those are my kids.  This is Max.” Santoro lifted one of the photos of the boy and handed it to him.  “He’ll be eight in December.”
“He’s cute.”
“And this is mi cariño, my daughter, Emerita.  We call her Eme for short.” Her smile grew soft, nearly wistful as she showed him the girl.  “She’s four.” Slipping the photo from his hand, she laughed.  “Well, hey, I’m sure you didn’t come out here just so to see pictures of my kids.  What can I do for you?”
Because he had no real reason to be there, he looked around.  “Uh,” he said.  “Actually I just thought I’d swing by, say hello.  See if you needed any help with anything.”
She raised her brow.  “Not unless you know anything about running a STE/ICE engine diagnostic on an M-923 five-ton cargo truck.”
“Uh,” Andrew said again and she laughed.  
“Come on.” Slapping the back her hand against his stomach, she turned and walked away.  “You can keep me company.”

He stood to the side, watching with undisguised fascination as Santoro shoved back the tilt hood on a huge, six-wheeled transport vehicle, stepped up onto the ledge of the front bumper and leaned purposefully into the maw of the engine compartment.  
“So how did you wind up working on engines?” he asked, taking the tanker trailer into account because he was hard-pressed not to check out her ass, given her position.  
“My dad taught me,” she said, connecting cables from a hand-held testing unit to engine components beneath the hood.  “And I used to work with the New York City Transit Department as a track equipment maintainer, a heavy duty mechanic.  That was how I met Antonio.”
“He’s your husband.” Now Andrew had no trouble tearing his eyes guiltily away from her ass.  
Santoro nodded.  “He’s a firefighter.  Ladder fifty-eight, South Bronx.  I met him my first week on the job.  He asked me out a week after that.  A month later, we were married.”
“Wow,” Andrew said.  “That was…fast.”
“Yeah.” She studied her hand-held console for a moment, frowned, then fiddled with some of the gauges and knobs.  Turning, she set the console and cables on a nearby workbench then wiped her hands on a towel again.  “So are you ever going to really tell me where you learned to play pool?”
“I did tell you.  Last night in the rec room.”
“Yeah, yeah, the North Pole.  I mean it.  Where’d you learn?”
“Not the North Pole,” he corrected.  “North Pole.  It’s this little town just outside of Fairbanks.  That’s where I grew up.  My dad taught me.  He’s an airline pilot and was gone a lot while I was growing up.  Shooting pool was one of the few things we ever really did together.  Beth called it our male bonding time.”
“Beth,” Santoro said quietly.  “She’s the one in the picture, right? Your sister.”
He nodded.  “Again, I’m really sorry about the way I acted yesterday.”
“It’s alright.”
“I was an asshole.”
“Yeah, you were,” she said, smiling.  “But I told you, it’s okay.”
“Thanks,” he said.  “And thank you, too, for saving my life the other night.  I’ve been meaning to say that.”
“My pleasure,” she replied, offering her fist to him, that little knuckle tap she’d apparently offer only to her friends.  
He returned the gesture, noticing for the first time that although she’d extended her left hand, her ring finger—where her wedding band should have been—was bare.  Must not want to catch it on anything while she’s working.  
“I ought to get back to the compound,” he said.  “Out of your way.”
“You’re not in my way.  I kind of like having you here, talking to you.”
He smiled.  Me, too, he wanted to say, this little voice in his mind immediately shot down by a sharper, sterner one: She’s married.  Get your head out of your ass.  
So instead, he said, “Thanks, Santoro.”
“Dani,” she said and he blinked at her, curious.  “My name.  It’s Dani.  You don’t have to call me Santoro.  Makes you sound like one of the guys or something.” 
He raised his brow.  “I am a guy.”
She laughed.  “Yeah, but you’re not one of the guys.  You know.” She nodded to indicate the barracks.  
He smiled again.  “Fair enough.  Thanks, Dani.”
“You’re welcome,” she said, then motioned with her hand.  “Come on.  I’ve got two more trucks just like this waiting over there.”


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

She’s married.  
Andrew kept telling himself this, over and over, even as he took the stairs up to his room in the barracks two at a stride, whistling all the while.  
“My squad’s got KP, kitchen duty tonight,” Dani had told him as they’d left the garage together earlier.  “Why don’t you help us? We’re making enchilada casserole and I’m heading it up.  I could use another pair of hands.”
“Sounds good,” he’d replied.  
Dani Santoro is married, he told himself in his room.  Didn’t you learn your lesson with Lila about messing around with a married woman? 
He let himself into his room, fished his wallet from his back pocket and tossed it onto the dresser.  After a moment’s reconsideration, he picked it up again, flipped idly through the billfold and pulled out the letter from his father.  
The paper felt old and crisp in his hands as he unfolded it, smoothing the wrinkles out of the sheet from where he’d crumpled it the day before.  He didn’t read, just held it, looking at it, the interlocking whorls and loops of Eric’s slanted handwriting.  It was enough to quell that simmering eagerness he’d felt since leaving the garaging, the anticipation of seeing Dani again, the excited enjoyment at the time they’d shared that morning.  
She’s married, he told himself, firmly this time.  
In the letter, Eric had invited Andrew out for dinner, pleading for the chance to explain himself, his reasons for the divorce, in person.  
I’ve found someone else, someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.  
He’d asked Andrew to meet him for dinner at the Pagoda Chinese Restaurant in North Pole.  Besides the finished portion of their basement, in which Eric and Andrew had played pool, the restaurant was one of the few places Andrew associated with his father from his childhood.  It had been a sort of tradition for Eric to take Andrew and Beth to Pagoda for dim sum dinners whenever he’d been in between the flights that had kept him away from home for weeks and sometimes months at a time.  Because of this, even though Andrew had been angry with his father about the divorce, he’d reluctantly agreed to meet there, a sort of emotionally neutral ground, if nothing else.  
It had been three years since Andrew had last seen Lila Meyer at that point, so he’d been stunned, surprised and more than a little bewildered to find her standing in the restaurant foyer upon his arrival.  
“Hello, Andrew,” she’d said, smiling as if she’d been expecting him, as if stumbling upon her young former lover, whose heart she’d pretty much ripped out, stomped on, pissed on, then handed back, was something pleasant and anticipated.  
“Lila?” He’d blinked in confusion, then realized she’d been sitting next to someone—his father, Eric, who stood now, clasping Lila lightly by the hand.  
“It’s good to see you again,” Lila had said.  
“We’re so glad you came,” Eric agreed.  
And Andrew had understood.  
I’ve found someone else, someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.  
“It’s not what you think,” Eric had said, recognizing that the confusion in his son’s face had yielded to anger and pain.  “Lila and I ran into each other at our lawyer’s office right after Beth died.”
“I left Gordon,” Lila had said with a smile, as if this should be something Andrew applauded, for which he’d be proud of her.  
“And I was there taking care of some paperwork about Beth,” Eric had said, as if Beth had been nothing more than an incident, something secondary and insignificant, a matter he’d dealt with in between golf outings or commuter flights.  “We recognized each other from that time you brought her out for dinner.”
“It took us both a moment to figure out where we’d seen each other before,” Lila had cut in, her voice overlapping, the two of them looking at each other and laughing like it was all some big joke.  
“Then we got to talking and went out for drinks, talked some more,” Eric said.  “One thing led to another after that.”
“And here we are,” Lila finished with a giddy laugh, draping her hand on Eric’s chest—just like she’d once touched Andrew.  
“We’d both been unhappy for a long, long time,” Eric had said.  “We didn’t mean for it to be more than friendship, but it grew from there.” Smiling at Lila, he’d drawn her hand to his lips, kissed her knuckles.  “We’re getting married next week in Anchorage.”
Something in Andrew had snapped and at this, he’d balled his hand into a fist and punched Eric in the face, knocking him flat on his ass.  
“Eric!” Lila had cried, falling to her knees, clutching at him.  
“You son of a bitch,” Andrew had told him as Eric had looked up, wide-eyed with shock, a thin, crooked line of blood trickling down from his left nostril.  
Careful to preserve the existing creases, Andrew folded the letter into quarters again.  He’d gone to his mother’s house upon leaving the restaurant that fateful day, and had sat at the kitchen table while she’d placed a bag of frozen peas on his swollen, aching knuckles.  She hadn’t asked what had happened and he hadn’t volunteered to tell.  Instead, she’d pulled out a Scrabble game and they’d played together until long into the night, the way they always had when he’d been a kid, when Beth had still been alive and had joined him.  
Beth was always the ace of Q words, he remembered, smiling now at the thought.  They’d always kept a dictionary at the table when they’d play, because invariably Beth had come up with new Q-but-no-U words that neither he nor his mother had ever heard of.  He’d pulled one that night with his mom: qadi, a type of judge in Islam.  It had seemed rather fitting at the time.  
Stretching out on his bed with his head and shoulders propped up on pillows, he balanced the scrapbook against his lap and thumbed through the pages, reading through the articles again.  His gaze lingered on a full-color shot, the cover of an issue of Discover magazine that showed Moore standing in among a trio of men, all dressed in white lab coats looking somberly at the camera.  Playing God, the tagline read.  The world’s leading geneticists race solve the mystery of life.  
He had told Dani about what had happened the night before after she’d returned to the barracks, how he’d noticed Alice outside and had followed her to the lab building.  
“You mean, you went inside the house of pain?” Dani had asked, wide-eyed.  “What’s it like? What did you see?”
“Not much.  Just a lot of signs warning about biohazards.” He’d told her about Lucy the Siamang and the curious little playroom where Alice had brought her to play Candyland.  He had also mentioned the scrapbook.  
“Dr. Moore won a Nobel Prize?” She’d gawked at him.  “You’re kidding! What’s he doing here, working for the Army?”
Andrew had been admittedly curious about that himself.  
Because he’d been able to tell from Dani’s face, the way her brows had lifted in tandem, that her curiosity had been piqued, he’d said, “The book’s still up in my room, if you want to look at it.”
That was when she’d talked him into helping her squad fix dinner.  “You can show it to me after that, what do you say?” she’d suggested.  
Someone knocked at his door, and Andrew jerked in guilty surprise, slapping the scrapbook closed and shoving it off his lap.  “Who is it?” he called, flipping the corner of the bedspread over to cover the book, then rearranging a pillow over top to further camouflage.  
“Corporal O’Malley,” came the reply.  
“Hey,” Andrew said, puzzled as he opened the door.  
“Hey.” O’Malley gave him a friendly nod, then held something out—the shirt he’d given to Alice earlier.  “Dr. Montgomery asked me to bring this to you.  Said it’d probably be best if Dr. Moore didn’t find it in the apartment.”
“Yeah, thanks.” Andrew took the shirt from the corporal, then carried back to the bed, using the opportunity to drop it on top of the pillow covering the stolen scrapbook.  
“I hear you won last night,” O’Malley said.  “The pool tournament.  Good job.”
“Thanks.  But I have a feeling Dani could’ve handled those guys just fine on her own.”
O’Malley leaned against the doorframe, a comfortable posture, folding his arms across his chest.  “The way I hear tell of it, you pretty much ran the table.”
Andrew shrugged.  “I got off a couple of lucky shots, that’s all.”
Even though O’Malley smiled as he spoke and his words were affable enough, something in his demeanor was cool, the same sort of tension palpable as it had been when he’d asked Andrew if he’d found something funny about serving his country.  Then, as now, his eyes fixed on Andrew and stayed there, pinning him.  “The way I hear tell of it, sounds like you and Dani hit it off pretty good last night.”
Andrew fumbled for a moment, then said, “She’s, uh, a good player.”
“I meant after the game,” O’Malley said mildly.  “Today, too, out in the garage.”
He’s been trying to get in her pants since the day he got here, Matt LaFollette had said about O’Malley.  Langley said he was the only guy he’d ever seen who was pussy-whipped without getting any pussy.  
“She’s a nice girl,” Andrew said.  
“Yeah, she is.” Unfolding his arms, O’Malley stepped away from the door, walking slowly, idly toward Andrew.  “The thing is, Santoro’s a really nice girl.  She’s the only girl here besides Dr. Montgomery.  I try to look out for her around here on account of that.  You know, like she’s my sister.”
“Sister.” Andrew nodded once.  “Right.”
O’Malley smiled, patently condescending.  “You seem like a smart enough guy, Just-Andrew.  You can see where I’m going with this, can’t you?”
Andrew met O’Malley’s gaze evenly.  “I think so.”
“Good.” O’Malley nodded once.  “I wanted to make sure we’re on the same page, you and me, so we don’t have to have this conversation again.  I don’t like to repeat myself.  And you got a nice face.” He chuckled, patting Andrew’s cheek.  “I’d sure hate to mess it up.”
With a frown, Andrew knocked his hand away.  “Fuck you, O’Malley.”
O’Malley laughed again, then turned, walking out the door.  “See you around, Just-Andrew.”
****
At dinnertime, Andrew headed down to the mess hall with every good intention of backing out of his promise to help Dani’s squad.  O’Malley’s thinly veiled threat still weighed over his head, the veritable Sword of Damacles.  More than this, though, his own mental remonstrations echoed in his mind, and he knew it would ultimately be in his own best interest to give Dani Santoro as wide a berth as possible for the rest of his stay.  As much as he disliked the idea.  
Dani, however, had other plans.  
“Forget it,” she said, presenting him with a large plastic bag filled with green peppers, enough that he had to cradle it with both hands to carry it.  “I spent three hours this afternoon trying to clean the silt out of your radiator and flush your fuel lines.  You owe me.”
“You worked on my Jeep?” he asked, surprised and absurdly touched.  
“That’s why they pay me the big bucks,” she replied.  “Come on over here.  We’ll get started on the peppers while the others work on the meat and sauce.”
As they crossed the kitchen, she paused at different cabinets or steel tables where soldiers gathered, hard at work.  At each one, she’d introduce Andrew to her squad members.  
“This is Boston,” she said, pointing to a young man busy lining large aluminum foil baking sheets with pre-cooked corn tortillas.  He nodded once in greeting to Andrew, sparing him a glance before resuming his layering.  “Over there is Hartford, and that’s Maggitti, Reigler and Spaulding.”
“Hey,” one of the privates, Reigler, said to Andrew, lifting his hand in a quick wave without letting go of the metal spatula he used to stir ground beef sizzling on the flat-top griddle.  
“How’s it going, man?” said another, PFC Barron, who stood over an industrial-depth sink basin draining enormous cans of stewed tomatoes.  
Dani set her bag of peppers at an empty workstation.  She motioned to Andrew and he positioned himself opposite her, watching as she slid an enormous wooden cutting board between them.  “Barron, there, he’s from your neck of the woods, I think.  Didn’t you say you were from Alaska?”
“Anchorage,” Barron told her, with a curious glance at Andrew.  
“Fairbanks area,” Andrew said.  
Barron grinned.  “Ten bucks says the Seawolves take the Nanooks this year by at least three.”
Andrew laughed.  “You’re on, man.” Because Dani looked at him, visibly puzzled, he said, “Hockey.  There’s a big rivalry between the college teams in Anchorage and Fairbanks.”
“Oh.” She nodded.  “Me, I watch the Rangers.”
He tried to hold the pepper the way she did, with her fingertips curled slightly under, to best avoid whacking the tips off inadvertently.  She moved her knife easily in a fluid, up and down, hinged motion he tried unsuccessfully to mimic.  
“You’re pretty good at this,” he noted.  
“Yeah? I’ve had lots of practice.” With a demonstrative wave of her knife, indicating the other soldiers, she said, “Someone’s got to show these guys how to cook.” 
“O’Malley said you’re the only woman stationed here.  Besides Dr. Montgomery, I mean.  That doesn’t bother you?”
“No.” Dani laughed.  “Not really.  I’m pretty much used to it.  You don’t see a lot of women in my line of work.  I’m the youngest of four sisters.  So these guys here…” Again, she motioned with her knife.  “The ones in my regular Guard unit, they’re all like the brothers I never had.” With a pointed look at Reigler, most readily in earshot, she added with a grin, “Some of them, the ones I never wanted.”
“Yeah, that’s what O’Malley told me earlier, too,” Andrew said.  “That you’re like a sister, I mean.”
“Really?” Her brow arched.  “Sounds like you and Thomas had quite the conversation.”
Andrew laughed dryly.  “You could say that, yeah.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Andrew didn’t expect the warm welcome he’d received from Dani’s squad mates would be extended that night in the mess hall, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was.  O’Malley, however, was conspicuously absent.  
“I wonder where he is,” Dani murmured with a puzzled frown.  
“Yeah,” Barron, said.  “It’s not like O’Malley to miss a meal.”
“He needs to,” muttered another soldier, Reigler, making the others around him laugh.  
“The Major was looking for him earlier,” said a third, Spaulding.  “Maybe he’s in a briefing or something.”
After supper, Andrew offered to help with the remaining dishes.  “No, thanks,” Dani said, plucking his tray from his hands before he could sputter in protest.  “We’ll take it from here.”
Back upstairs in his room, he lay down on his belly atop his bed, watching a video he’d borrowed from the staff library downstairs, the cringe-worthy Universal Soldier with Jean-Claude Van Damme.  
When Dani came to the door, she knocked softly and he scrambled up.  Without even asking who was there, he opened the door, then smiled.  “Hey.”
“Hey, yourself,” she said.  “Still want to let me see that scrapbook?”
“Of course.  Sure.  Come on in.” He sidestepped to give her room.  “You want a beer?”
“You bought one of those six-packs from the PX?” she asked, eyes widening.  “They’re, what, fifteen bucks?”
“Twenty,” he replied, fishing one of the still-cold bottles of Bud Light—the only variety the canteen offered—from the pack beside his bed and twisting off the cap.  “But it’s okay.  My wallet’s all dried out now.  My money, too.”
Taking the bottle as he held it out to her, she shook her head and laughed.  “You’re crazy.”
Sitting down against the side of his bed, she took a long swig.  “Oh, man,” she said, closing her eyes and sighing happily.  “That’s good.  I haven’t had a beer since I got here.  I haven’t wanted to pay that much for them.”
He leaned against the wall, but reached out to tap his own bottle against hers in a toast when she offered.  He couldn’t help but notice yet again the conspicuous absence of a wedding ring on her hand.  
 “Okay, let’s see it,” Dani said, and his attention snapped from her finger to her face.  
“What? Oh, the book.  Okay.  Sure.” 
She scooted back on the bed to make room as he sat down beside her, lugging the scrapbook out of its hiding place in a dresser drawer and setting it between them.  He showed her some of the articles he’d gone through, giving her time to read each.  
“This place is a hospital?” Dani asked, tapping the photo of Moore and Alice standing outside of Gallatin.  
“A state mental institution, I think it must be,” Andrew replied.  “She told me her mother had to get a court order to have her committed there, and Dr. Moore had to petition for another one to get her out.”
“How long was she there?” Clearly, the haunting image of Alice cradled in her father’s arms, her eyes vacuous, as if she was a life-sized doll, troubled Dani.  A slight cleft had formed between her brows and her lips had pursed, an unhappy frown.  
“Three years.”
“God,” Dani whispered.  “How could someone do that to their child?”
“I don’t know.” Andrew shook his head.  “Alice told me she used to be violent, hitting and kicking.  She said she was better now, but still, I can’t imagine.  I mean, it’s a little strange sometimes, the things she does.  But she’s a nice kid.”
Closing the scrapbook, Dani pushed it away as if it was something soiled.  “I don’t understand.  You said Alice told you Dr. Moore was doing things to those chimpanzees to make them smarter, their brains grow.”
“Siamangs,” he corrected.  
“Whatever.  I wish we could get into that lab and snoop around some, try and find out what he’s up to out there.”
As he swallowed the last of his beer, he pivoted, tossing the bottle with a practiced ease into the waste can in the far corner.  “We can.  I know the pass code.  Alice gave it to me.”
“You’re kidding,” she exclaimed, beaming.  “Let’s go, then.”
“Wait.” He caught her hand as she moved to leap from the bed.  “It’s still daylight out.  There are soldiers all over the place.  We need to wait until it’s dark, when everyone’s gone back to the barracks and Moore’s working in there alone.  Otherwise we’ll get caught.”
“Oh.” She nodded, and with a dejected sigh, sat again.  “Shit.”
“It’s not that bad,” he said with a laugh.  “I’ve got plenty of beer.  And a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie.”
She groaned.  
“Or we could talk about your kids.”
At this, she smiled again.  “Deal.”
****
Dani returned to her room long enough to grab a small photo album.  She and Andrew sat against the headboard of his bed, their knees drawn to their chests, sipping beer while she gave him the photographic grand tour.  
“This is Eme in her Cinderella dress,” she said, pointing.  
“Did you make that?” he asked, leaning forward to peer more closely.  
“God, no.  I can’t even sew a button on straight.  They sell them fancy like that now.  She’s got one like Cinderella’s, one like Sleeping Beauty’s.”
“You must miss them a lot,” he remarked.  
Her eyes grew sad and somewhat forlorn.  “Yeah.  It’s not as bad as when I was sent over to Baghdad, but…” Her voice faded as her eyes grew glossy and, blinking, she turned her face away.  
Andrew said nothing, feeling awkward and intrusive, until he saw her shoulders relax as she regained that momentarily lost composure.  “You were in Iraq?” he asked and she glanced at him, nodding.  
“I was in maintenance, so it’s not like I’d see any kind of action.  Just what was left of the Humvees and Strykers after an IED attack.  I was stationed at Camp Liberty north of Baghdad.”
“How long were you over there?”
“A year and a half.  I haven’t been back very long.  Not even six months.”
“How did you wind up in the National Guard anyway?” he asked.  
She laughed without little humor.  “The usual way, I guess.  I enlisted.  Me and Tonio, we used to live in this crowded little apartment in the Bronx.  We talked about moving out, getting our own place, a real house, but we couldn’t afford it.  I’d quit my job with the city after Max was born, and all we had was Tonio’s paycheck coming in.  So every Wednesday, my mom would come over and sit with the kids while I’d haul all our clothes over to this 86aundromat on foot.  I’d come home, have lunch with them, help Mom get Max and Eme down for their naps, then walk back over to pick everything up.”
Her expression had grown distant, pensive.  “One day, I walked past a Guard recruiting office up the block from the laundry.  I must’ve passed it a thousand times, but I’d never really noticed it before.  They had a big sign in their window.  ‘Twenty-thousand dollar sign-on bonus.  ’ That was all it took.” With a smile, she glanced at Andrew.  “I could think of a lot of things we could do with that.”
“I bet.”
“I took what’s called an off-peak quick ship,” she said.  “That means I agreed to leave for basic training right away, putting me in the service before the first part of November.  In exchange for that, they gave me the money upfront.  We used half of it as a down payment and bought a little townhouse over in the East Bronx, a neighborhood called Castle Hill.  Two bedrooms, two baths, its own little yard.”
“Sounds nice.”
She shrugged.  “Anyway, I don’t know why I did it, other than I guess I had dollar bills flashing in my eyes.  You know, like they do in the cartoons? I didn’t ask anyone, didn’t tell anyone what I was going to do.  I just did it.”
He blinked at her, surprised.  “What did your husband say?”
“He was upset, of course.  Wouldn’t you be?” Another glance.  “Tonio and I never fight.  I think that’s the closest I’ve ever seen him come to losing his temper with me.  And mi madre.” She rolled her eyes.  
“Your mom?” Andrew asked, having wracked his brain back to high school conversational Spanish.  
Dani nodded.  “She’s always hated that I was into cars and engine work, that I wasn’t this picture-perfect daughter like my sisters, who used to make tostones or albondigón or pastales with her and now have babies and husbands and white picket fences, all that bullshit.  She thought marriage would change that, change me.  And I guess she was right, for awhile anyway.  She was pretty pissed when I enlisted.  And it was hard to make Max and Eme understand.  They don’t get things like money.  All they knew was that Mommy would be going away.” Her voice grew choked.  “At Christmas time, no less.” 
Her eyes dropped to her beer bottle again, and she toyed with an upturned corner of the damp label.  “You want to know the worst thing? A part of me didn’t even care, not at first.  I mean, of course I missed them.  They’re mis niños, my kids.  But by that point, I’d been a stay-at-home mom for almost five years.  Tonio was never home, always picking up swing shifts and late nights and then he said he could get paid double time on the holidays.  It was like I couldn’t escape.” 
Her voice faded for a moment.  “I felt like I had disappeared.  Like there was nothing left of me, the person I’d been before Tonio, before the kids.  And I missed that, you know? Having something that was my own, a life that was mine.  I wanted that back.  Not for always, not instead of my kids, but just a little bit of it.”
She cut him a glance.  “When I got sent to Iraq, I realized just how big a mistake I’d made,” she said.  “I missed Max and Eme so bad, it hurt inside.  I’d look at their pictures or think of their little faces or hear their voices over the phone, then lay in my bunk and just cry and cry.  I must’ve cried myself to sleep every night I was there.  And then, being called up again to come here.  They weren’t supposed to, not for active duty again, not this soon.”
Her eyes were glossy again, swimming with tears.  “You must think I’m a horrible person.”
He shook his head.  “No.  Not at all.  Of course not.”
Again, she turned her face away, her lips pressed together as she proudly tried to compose herself.  After a moment, she turned to him again, swatting once at her cheek with her fingertips and managing a shaky life.  “Enough boring you with my life’s story.  Tell me yours.”
He laughed.  “I’m not bored.”
She folded her arms, cocked her brow expectantly and he laughed again.  “Alright, alright.” 
For the next twenty minutes, he talked, until the sun sank low in the sky, dipping behind the tree-covered mountains, sending shadows spreading in thick, fast-moving fingers through the room.  
“I’m sorry they hurt you,” Dani said after he’d told her about the incident at the Pagoda Chinese restaurant.  “What a shitty thing your dad did.”
He managed a smile.  “My mom told me everything happens for a reason.  Even when it hurts, even if we don’t understand, it all happens for a reason.”
He fished his wallet out of his pocket so he could show her the letter from his father.  “He left my mom for Lila.  I haven’t seen or spoken to them since that night at the restaurant.”
“How long ago was that?”
“Seven years.  He still tries to call me, send me letters, gifts at Christmas.  I never listen to his messages, and send his shit back marked ‘return to sender.  ’ Maybe one day he’ll take the hint.”
“Why do you carry that letter with you?” she asked.  
He managed an unhappy laugh.  “So I won’t forget what he did to me.  Or my mom.  He’d been married to her for twenty-five years, then just pissed it all away, all for Lila.”
Her hand fell against his, gentle, comforting, drawing his gaze.  “Maybe he didn’t.  Maybe he was telling you the truth.  Maybe he really is happier now.”
Andrew smirked.  “At least one of us is, then.”
“Hey, I know how it is, how hard it can be,” Dani said.  “Tonio and I, we’ve been married seven years.  I can’t imagine what it’s like after twenty-five.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “You miss that sometimes, the way it is when you’re first together, when you first fall in love.  Because it’s exciting.  It makes you feel…I don’t know.  Alive somehow.  Didn’t you feel that way about her once? Lila, I mean.  Haven’t you ever felt that way since?”
He didn’t answer.  He looked into her eyes, all too aware of a pleasant tension that filled the silence, the narrow margin of space between them.  
It’s like a date, he thought.  A first date, where you’re trying to figure out who’s going to kiss who at the end.  
Andrew drew his hand to her face.  God, her skin was soft and warm, and he used the pad of his thumb to brush a light line following the curve of her bottom lip.  He could have sworn she trembled at his touch and he leaned toward her, tilting his head.  
 “Andrew,” she breathed, then he kissed her, letting his lips settle softly, gently against hers.  Though she didn’t lift her head, she didn’t draw away, either.  Her breath had drawn still, her body had gone rigid, that slight tremor he’d felt as he’d caressed her cheek now thrumming through her like an electrical current through a live wire.  
He brought his free hand up to cradle her face, lifting her mouth to meet his more fully.  He let his lips part, drew the tip of his tongue along the seam of hers, easing them apart to let him inside.  
“Andrew,” she whispered again, her voice ragged as she turned her face away.  She pushed him and he immediately sat back, ashamed of himself.  
“I’m sorry,” he said as she scooted off the bed, stumbling to her feet.  “Dani, I’m sorry.” He reached for her, but she backed away, shaking her head.  
“Don’t.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again, helplessly.  
“It’s late,” she mumbled, drawing her arms around herself in a fierce embrace, closing him off as effectively as Alice whenever she’d fugue out of conscious awareness.  
“Wait,” he pleaded.  
“I should go.” She bolted from the room, letting the door slam shut behind her.  
Shit.  Andrew sighed heavily, shoulders hunched, as he shoved his fingers through his hair.  Way to go, Romeo.  You just lost your only friend in this place.  


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“Well, well, well,” Suzette remarked Andrew approached her and Alice along their regular walk the next morning.  “Look who’s out at the crack of dawn again.”
He’d been hovering outside the bay door of the compound’s garage while Dani worked inside, trying to muster the balls to go inside and talk to her, apologize for what had happened the night before.  But when he’d seen Suzette and Alice coming, he’d been nearly grateful for the chance to escape and had abandoned his post, cutting across the yard to meet them headlong.  
“Hey, Suzette,” he said.  She’d sounded snide in her greeting, a thinly veiled sarcasm he didn’t understand.  Coming to a stop in Alice’s immediate path, since this was the only way to get her to stop, he squatted down to the girl’s eye level.  “Morning, Alice.  How are you doing?”
Alice blinked at some indistinct point beyond his shoulder, as if taking no notice of him.  The only way he knew with any certainty that she was aware of him at all was the fact that she’d stopped walking.  
“Where were you last night?” Suzette asked.  “I sat in the rec room for at least an hour waiting.”
“Sorry,” he said, looking up at her.  “I got roped into KP duty.” 
“KP duty,” Suzette repeated, using her thumb to flick a column of ashes off the tip of her cigarette, sending it tumbling to the grass.  She arched her brow and snorted.  “Since when did you start talking like them?”
“Like who?” He frowned slightly.  “That’s what it’s called.”
“That’s what they call it, the grunts,” Suzette said.  “What, did you eat with them in the dee-fack, too?”
“I was invited, yeah, and I accepted,” he said, glowering.  So I wasn’t imagining her bitchiness a minute ago.  What the hell’s her problem?
“I waited for you,” she said again, her brows narrowing.  “In the rec room.  With dinner.  I thought you were going to join me again.”
“I’m sorry,” he said.  
That little furrow between her brows deepened.  “I thought you were going to join me after that again, too.”
“Look, Suzette,” he said again as he stood.  “I really appreciate everything you’ve done for me since I’ve been here, your hospitality and—”
She uttered a sharp bark of laughter.  “Is that what you call it?” Shooting a withering glance at the garage beyond his shoulder, she added, “Let me guess.  You’re getting your hospitality from someplace else now.” 
For a moment, he stood there blinking, caught off guard and feeling somewhat trapped before it occurred to him that he had no reason to feel that way.  It’s not like anything happened with Dani, he thought, then the furrow between his brows deepened.  And it’s not like Suzette is my goddamn girlfriend.  
“Wait a minute,” he began.  
Dropping her cigarette onto the grass, she stomped on it, snuffing it.  “Why? So you can give me some other pathetic kind of excuse?” She clapped him on the chest as she walked past.  “Go fuck yourself, Andrew.  Because you sure won’t be getting any from me anymore.”
****
O’Malley hadn’t ever turned up for dinner the night before, and by lunchtime, was still missing.  None of his barrack mates had seen or heard from him in nearly twenty-four hours.  
“I’m worried,” Dani told Andrew, pacing restlessly in the corridor outside of the mess hall while inside, the rest of the company ate lunch.  He’d expected her to avoid him altogether, or even ream his ass verbally, as Suzette had done, and had been surprised instead when she’d sought him out back inside the barracks.  
“About last night,” she’d started, but he’d cut her off, plowing full-steam ahead with the apology that had been on the tip of his tongue all morning long.  
“I was an asshole,” he’d told her.  “What happened was totally out of line and I don’t know what I was thinking.  I wasn’t thinking.  I mean, I was, but I had no right to think that way, or to even think for one second that you might not have minded.  Because you did mind, and I know that now, and I’m sorry.  I mean, I knew that last night, too, but I wasn’t thinking straight.  I wasn’t thinking at all.  I just…I mean…”
He’d sputtered to a flustered, frustrated stop and looked up from his toes—where he’d pinned his gaze to that point—to find Dani regarding him with her head cocked, her brow raised, the corner of her mouth curled in a slight smile.  
“You’re laughing at me,” he’d said.  
“Only on the inside,” she’d assured.  
“I just…the past couple of days have been really cool, nice even,” he’d said, trying again.  “I like spending time with you and I’d like to continue.  Spending time with you, I mean.” 
That hint of a smile had widened, melting that awkward tension that had lingered between them.  “I’d like that, too.”
“I’m sure O’Malley’s fine,” Andrew told her now, watching as she continued wearing a path into the floor outside the dining room.  
“This just isn’t like him,” she insisted.  “I’ve looked everywhere.  I knocked and knocked on the door to his room, but there was no answer.  He’s not in the building and I’ve asked around.  No one has seen him since yesterday.” 
“Didn’t someone mention last night that Major Prendick had been looking for him?”
Dani nodded.  “Yeah.  But Prendick hasn’t seen him, either.  I asked.  Thomas was treated for post-traumatic stress disorder after he came back from Iraq.  He told me he’d just gotten out of some kind of hospitalization program with the VA.  I’m actually surprised they deployed him here.” Her brows lifted, her eyes round and worried.  “What if he’s had a blackout or flashback? What if he wandered off into the forest, thinking he’s back in Fallujah or something? He could hurt himself or someone else or…or…”
“You want me to go?” Andrew cut in gently and she stopped stalking long enough to blink at him in surprise.  “I’m a pretty good hiker.  If you’ve got some maps of the area, I can probably scavenge some gear from my Jeep.”
“That would be great,” she said.  “You sure you wouldn’t mind?”
He laughed.  “It’s not like I’ve got anything else to do this afternoon.”

The rear compartment of the Liberty had a distinctive odor, Andrew discovered as he popped the back hatch.  
“Eww.” Dani wrinkled her nose, fanning her hand in front of her face.  
He recoiled momentarily, wincing as the pervasive stink of mildew silt struck him.  Though most of the interior had dried, a thick dribble of sludge plopped down from the edges of the hatch door to the garage’s concrete floor.  
“You’re not going to find anything worth salvaging in there,” Dani said, keeping a modest distance, out of smelling range.  
“My bag should be okay,” Andrew said, making her laugh.  
“What is it, a submarine?”
“No.” He found the pack now, wedged in the aft compartment against the rear seatbacks.  Grasping it by a shoulder strap, he pulled it loose, grimacing as more sludge splattered.  “It’s a class five bag, fully submersible.  It should be fine.”
After checking the contents and finding everything dry, he drew the padded straps of the backpack over his shoulders.  Cinching the waist strap into place around his midriff, he shrugged a couple of times to get everything situated comfortably.  Meanwhile, Dani stripped and scrubbed down the .22 rifle he’d kept stowed in the Jeep, cleaning the bolt and chamber, bore-brushing out the barrel.  
“Think it will be okay?” he asked as he slung the .22 over his shoulder.  “It was pretty jammed up with mud.”
“Hopefully you won’t have to shoot it and find out,” she replied, not instilling him with confidence.  
She followed him to the garage bay door and watched as he started off for the adjacent woods.  “Andrew,” she called out, and he paused, glancing back at her.  “Be careful, okay?”
He smiled.  “I’ll be back before you know it.”
Pine needles whispered as low-lying limbs swung and swished back into place behind him.  It was cool outside, but not unseasonably so.  Rain clouds, heavy and grey, draped down toward the tree crowns, and the air felt humid with a lingering haze of moisture.  It had rained overnight and the ground beneath his boot soles was soggy, his feet sinking deeply into the mud and fallen leaves.  
“Any ideas where to start?” he’d asked Dani as they’d looked over the maps together.  
“Try here.” Sweeping her fingertip on the page, she’d indicated a broad circumference of space.  “That’s where we’ve been having some tactical maneuvers these past weeks, so it’s someplace he’s familiar with.” 
The area looked to be about an hour’s hike from the compound, by Andrew’s estimation.  Dani had given him a general idea of where the soldiers had blazed a trail to these training grounds, and presently, Andrew came upon a crude but clearly delineated footpath winding into the woods.  As he followed its steep, crooked trail deeper into the forests, he breathed in the moist fragrance of the forest air—pine sap and dried leaves—and listened to the familiar sounds of pine needles and tree branches snapping and crackling underfoot.  
At which point, he drew to a curious halt, his head cocked, his brow arched.  
There are no other sounds, he realized.  
On the day he’d wrecked his Jeep, he’d been trekking through basically these same woodlands, and the air had been thick with the sounds of wildlife—the last waning cricket songs as summer shifted into fall, the fluttering coos of mourning doves, the resonant tap-tap-tap of downy woodpeckers, the distant, overlapping cries of ravens and blue jays, chattering from chickadees and sparrows, sweet refrains from warblers and mocking birds.  
Where are all the birds? Frowning, Andrew looked up, panning his gaze through the trees.  Other than the sounds of his own footsteps, which were now silent, the woods lay shadow-filled, mist-draped and quiet.  
Something’s out there.  
“O’Malley?” Slowly, cautiously, he pivoted in a circle, studying the terrain surrounding him.  “Corporal O’Malley, is that you?”
Because he received no reply, his next thought was unequivocally predator.  As he stepped, he gave his shoulder a subtle little shrug, letting the strap of his rifle droop, the gun lowering so he could take it in hand.  All at once, he had a nagging hunch this was no bear.  They were opportunistic feeders, not stealthy hunters, so he doubted one could lay low and quiet in the underbrush for long if it was near.  
But with cougars on the other hand, stalk-and-ambush was pretty much their forte.  The cats preyed on a variety of species, including mule- and white-tail deer and would thus not have been particularly intimidated or dissuaded by Andrew’s size.  Not the sort for a trial by combat, they preferred to overpower their prey using the element of surprise, attacking from behind and delivering a suffocating and potentially crushing bite to the neck.  
Moving slowly, Andrew spared a downward glance, making sure he had a round chambered in the rifle.  He gripped the weapon deliberately, carefully, his index finger slipping against the trigger.  He turned in another circle, then drew still and held his breath, listening.  
Snap!
A twig breaking beneath the weight of some unseen passage to his right immediately drew his gaze.  When this was followed by a soft, but distinctive, rapid-fire rustle-rustle-snap-SNAP from this same direction, Andrew brought the rifle up, trailing the sound with the barrel sight.  
However, he didn’t fire.  The sound disappeared and when it didn’t immediately recur, he relaxed, releasing his breath in a long, slow huff.  Lowering the gun again, he studied the shadows and trees, frowning thoughtfully.  
Had it realized his awareness and run away, whatever it was? He waited, counting in his mind.  
One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi
He counted to sixty then started off again, but that heavy, peculiar silence lingered.  Even as he ventured more deeply into the forests, it was like the birds and other woodland animals knew something he didn’t—or at least, of which he was only dimly aware.  
Twenty minutes later, and a good half mile further along the trail, he heard another distinctive series of rustles.  These were quiet enough that he might have ordinarily otherwise missed them had it not been for that oppressive lack of any other sounds.  He’d opted to keep his rifle in hand and was glad for it as he turned in a startled semi-circle, eyes flown wide.  
“O’Malley?” he called.  There was no reply, but out of his peripheral vision, he caught a sudden hint of movement and swung again.  “Who’s there?”
There was no answer, only that permeating stillness, devoid of any rustling, any bird songs, any life.  This time, when Andrew started to move again, he broke into a broad, swift stride, weaving among the trees, ducking to avoid low-lying limbs.  
From behind him: Snap-snap-SNAP
He turned, rifle readied, but saw nothing.  Then, from his right, the crackling of leaves under heavy foots; from his left, the staccato patter of breaking limbs.  He whirled around, rifle raised, his heart racing.  They’re all around me.  
This was no cougar, no pack of coyotes on the prowl.  
“Who’s there?” he shouted, his voice hoarse, somewhat shaking.  At another quiet yet somehow ominous rustle, he pivoted and caught sight of something to his left, moving swiftly among the shadows and tree trunks—large and definitely upright, bipedal, it was little more than a fleeting glimpse, but still distinctive.  
He thought of the thing he thought he’d seen on the night of his crash, the bipedal creature that had been scuttling across the road, that had screamed at him in furious challenge less than a second before the Jeep had slammed headlong into it.  Not a bear, he thought.  It wasn’t a bear and it wasn’t a cougar, and unless it was my imagination, I don’t think it was human, either.  
“Shit.” Andrew heard more rustling and then turned, began to run.  Based on what he’d heard, there were at least three of the things in the woods—one behind him, one on either side, all moving in on him quickly, deliberately.  And he had no intention of sticking around to find out why.  
His boot soles skittered for uncertain purchase in the slippery carpet of leaves and brambles.  Twice, he lost his footing, falling onto his knees, his ass, and he scrambled upright as fast as he could.  When at last, he came to a stop, he pressed himself against the broad trunk of a pine tree, winded.  He wanted to gasp, to gulp greedily to reclaim his breath, but pressed his lips together instead, listening.  
Did I lose them? he wondered.  He’d cut a zig-zagging, erratic path through the woods on purpose in the hopes of shaking off anyone who’d tried to follow him.  
He poked his head around the side of the tree, listened and waited.  
One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi
He didn’t even make it to ten-Mississippi before he heard footsteps crashing  through the brush, coming up fast.  
 “Shit!” Andrew ducked out from behind the tree and ran again, pumping his arms, his feet pounding against the muddy ground.  He ran like he’d never in his entire life, until the frantic cadence of his heart left him feeling as if it would leap clear out of his chest, until his breath was so ragged, he was nearly gagging.  He ran until he felt something catch against his ankle, something that drew abruptly snug as he bolted past, and in an instant, just as he realized what it was…
Snare line!
…he was jerked off his feet, whipping ass over elbows into the air, caught in a rope trap that left him swinging in a wild, swooping arc at least twenty feet in the air.  
“Shit!” Andrew screamed, because everything in his line of sight was now topsy-turvy, looping and circling, and all of the blood was rushing into his face, his brain.  
“Shit!” he screamed again, his rifle tumbling from his hands to the ground below.  It hit the forest floor and bounced off the carpeting of leaves and pine needles.  He’d chambered a round earlier, and now it discharged with a sudden cloud of smoke and a thunderous BOOM that seemed deafening in the otherwise quiet woods.  In its aftermath, as it reverberated through the trees and against the low-lying clouds overhead, Andrew heard the rustle of footsteps again, this time running away.  From his vantage, upside down and dangling, he caught sight of four figures, little more than shadows, darting away from the clearing below, fanning out into the woods in opposing directions.  
“Shit!” he screamed a third time, as he careened face-first into something dangling upside from the tree next to him.  He didn’t even realize what it was at first.  All he knew was that he struck it headlong and it stunk like all hell, pungent like soured milk or some putrefied sort of cheese.  
Andrew put his hands out to push it away from him, and as he swung back in a wide arc, he could see it now—the desiccated remains of a human being likewise strung up by the remains of its ankle.  Its parchment-like flesh had peeled back and fallen away, exposing blackened tissue and underlying bone beneath.  The head and torso had decomposed enough to leave the skull almost entirely exposed, open and empty eye sockets glaring, its toothy, skeletal mouth hanging wide.  Scraps of hair, scraggly tufts poked out of what was left of its scalp, and as Andrew swung back toward it, helpless to stop himself, screaming the whole time, he could see the corpse wore the tattered remains of an Army uniform.  
He yowled in disgusted horror as he plowed into it again, sending it twisting and turning by the short length of its tether.  The recent heavy rains had left the corpse heavy and sodden and this time, when he pushed away from it, his hands punched through the husk of its chest cavity.  His fingers splayed into damp, spongy flesh beneath and released a tumble of wayward beetles and maggots, the last stragglers of what had surely once been a ravenous infestation.  
“Jesus Christ,” Andrew cried, flapping his hands wildly, trying to get the putrid flesh, the slimy remains off him.  He felt his stomach wrench and he gulped, choking on bile, struggling not to vomit.  
Calm down, he told himself.  Get a grip or you’re going to die.  
He forced himself to stop struggling, to hold still, and when he did, he slowly stopped swinging.  The dead man beside him stopped eventually swinging, as well, and  Andrew struggled not to look at it again.  If he did, he knew it would only rekindle his panic.  
Looking up—or in this case, down—Andrew saw the length of rope wrapped vice-like around his ankle, knotted expertly above him in the tree.  From his limited vantage, it looked like a simple snare design.  
Okay, he told himself.  I can do this.  
Jamming his hand into his right hip pocket, he fumbled for his folding knife.  Curling his fingers around it, he slipped it loose, moving slowly, carefully.  Because if I drop it, I’m seriously fucked, he thought, sparing a glance at the dead man to his left.  Just like that poor son of a bitch.  
The soldier had been wearing a set of camouflage fatigues.  Clearly in a state of advanced decomposition, there was no way it was Thomas O’Malley.  
Then who is it? Andrew wondered.  Like the body itself, there wasn’t much left of the uniform.  In fact, it looked to Andrew as if something had been feeding on both, ripping them apart with teeth and claws.  Anything like a name or rank insignia patch had long since been torn away.  Both of the skeleton’s arms were missing, along with most of its sleeves, and its abdomen—which Andrew had put his hands through—had been torn open at some earlier point in time, likely eviscerating the man.  
He caught sight of something on what was left of the uniform shoulder, a silver pin, a single bar.  An officer’s insignia, he realized.  What does that stand for? A lieutenant? A captain?
Andrew unfolded his knife, then tucked the blade between his teeth.  Furrowing his brows, mustering his strength, he uttered a grunt and tried to sit up in mid-air.  Hands outstretched, he tried to reach his feet, his fingers splayed wide and groping madly for the rope around his ankle.  The first three or four tries, all he succeeded in doing was sending himself in another set of concentric, swinging spirals above the ground and exhausting himself in the process.  
Dangling limply, he struggled to reclaim his breath.  Shit, he thought, both because the task was proving harder than he’d anticipated and because he knew if he dangled upside for too long, he’d risk blacking out or suffocating.  
I can do this, he thought, brows knitting again.  He forced himself to move, sitting up in the air, struggling against gravity’s relentless pull.  He pawed at the rope, his fingertips flapping against his heel, and then with a hoarse, strangled cry, he made himself reach further, strain harder.  This time, he caught hold of his boot laces, and from there, got a clumsy but firm grasp on the rope.  Snatching the knife from his mouth with his free hand, he clenched his teeth and set about sawing frantically at the snare line.  The muscles in his abdomen began to cramp, and the strain spread from there through his back and thighs.  His palms had grown slick with sweat, the knife handle slippery as a result.  
I can do this, he told himself, forcing the knife back and forth, driving the serrated edge through the rope.  I can do this, goddamn it, I can do this.  
When the rope snapped, he felt the tension abruptly slacken, then he plummeted to the ground.  He landed hard, luckily catching the brunt of the impact against his backpack.  It was still enough force to knock the wind from himself, and his head snapped back, rapping soundly against the butt of his fallen rifle.  His mind went murky, his vision fading to black.  Just as his eyelids fluttered shut, he caught a momentary glimpse of the soldier above him, gaping at him, eyeless and slack-jawed.  
A first lieutenant’s bar, he thought dimly before passing out.  That’s what it is.  


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

He wasn’t out long, to judge by the quality of sunlight seeping through both tree crowns and clouds when he opened his eyes again.  Raindrops had made their way through orange and amber leaves, past pine needles and sap-sticky cones to spatter against his face in a slow, steadying progression that had eventually drawn him out of unconsciousness.  
At least, his first dimly aware thought was that they were raindrops.  When he blinked dazedly skyward, bleary and bewildered, he watched something small, white and  pellet-like, plop down from above, falling straight at his head.  
What the…? he thought as it hit his mouth, bouncing off his lips into the leaves.  
His head swam as he sat up and he closed his eyes against a momentary swell of vertigo.  He felt something bounce of his head and frowned, glancing up again.  What the hell is that?
Looking down at the ground beside him, he realized.  
“Oh, Jesus,” he gulped, knocking the maggot that lay twitching in the leaves near his hip away.  They were falling from the corpse that dangled almost directly above him, tumbling one by one like lemmings off a cliff through the hole he’d accidentally punched in the body’s midriff.  
He felt another one hit him on the crown of his head, then slip down through his hair, sliding beneath the collar of his shirt.  With a disgusted yowl, he scrambled to his feet, dancing in a clumsy circle while he yanked the hem loose from his pants and shook the grub out.  Next, he swatted at his hair, his face, anyplace he’d felt the maggots landing as he’d roused from unconsciousness, then everyplace else just for good measure.  
Jesus, they were falling on me.  One of them almost landed in my mouth! And then, in his mind, he could picture what would have happened had his mouth been open—the maggot hitting not the closed seam of his lips, but his tongue instead, falling straight down the back of his throat.  He felt his stomach heave at this and gulped, clapping his hand to his mouth.  Turning in a stumbling pirouette, he grabbed hold of a nearby sapling for support and threw up into the weeds.  
“That is fucking gross,” he wheezed, spitting violently once he’d spewed the contents of his gut.  He wiped his lips on his sleeve, then wiped them again just to be sure.  
Since finding himself dangling upside down in a tree next to a rotting corpse, he hadn’t given much thought to the people in the forest who had chased him.  In fact, up to that moment, he’d pretty much reprioritized and forgotten them—that is, until he heard a rustling from the underbrush behind him.  Startled, he whirled, eyes wide as he stared out into the ambiguously quiet, shadow-draped woods.  
He heard another crunch, then a grey squirrel scampered between the trunks of two pines.  With a shaky sigh and even less certain laugh, Andrew relaxed, shoving his hair back from his face.  
“You little bastard,” he told the squirrel.  For its part, it blinked at him for a moment, cheeks distended with an acorn, then it turned and hopped away.  
Ducking to avoid any more kamikaze maggots, Andrew retrieved his fallen rifle.  Opting to leave it in hand rather than sling it out of reach over his shoulder, he spared a last look at the sorry bastard still strung up in the tree.  If his iPhone had still worked, with its built-in GPS and mapping applications, he could have marked the spot—literally—where he now stood so he could find it again.  As it was, he squatted and shrugged his way out of his backpack, opening the front compartment and fishing out the maps Dani had given him.  He didn’t have a pencil, but a quick glance around revealed a poke plant nearby, its thick stalks laden with ripened, purple berries.  He picked one, crushed it between his index finger and thumb, then marked approximately on Dani’s map where he’d found the snare.  Or, more accurately, it had found him.  
Because I’ll have to bring her back here, he thought, stuffing the map back into the bag, then slipping his arms through the straps, shouldering it once more.  And probably Prendick, too.  They’ll know who this guy is.  Maybe they can figure out what happened to him, how he wound up out here.  
Another rustle drew his gaze again to the shadows.  This time, he didn’t see any woodland creatures scurrying about to ease that sudden, anxious dread knotting in his stomach.  Time to get the hell out of Dodge, he thought, stuffing the map back into the bag, then slipping his arms through the straps, shouldering it once more.  
****
The hike back to the compound wasn’t the fastest he’d ever completed, but it came pretty damn close, especially considering he kept whipping around to look behind him, or to either side whenever he’d hear—or think he heard—a suspicious sound.  Thankfully, however, whatever footsteps had pursued him off the trail and into the woods didn’t follow him out again, and with the help of his compass, he was able to retrace his path accurately enough to reach the facility’s perimeter yard once more.  
 “You’re not going to believe this,” Dani said when she caught sight of him at the garage door.  
“They found O’Malley,” he tried.  
“He wasn’t even missing,” she said.  “He’d been asleep in his room.  Said he wasn’t feeling good.  Oh, well.” She laughed.  “At least you got some exercise out of the…” Her voice and smile withered when she drew close enough to get a good look at him.  His clothes were dirty and mud-spattered, and a rather putrescent stink lingered around him thanks to his trussed up neighbor in the woods.  Her nose wrinkled slightly.  “Don’t take this the wrong way, but you smell.”
He told her what had happened, the foot pursuit through the forest, the snare trap he’d stumbled upon, the decaying soldier left hanging upside down in the tree.  
“Oh, my God,” she gasped when he finished.  “He was a soldier? You’re sure of that?”
Andrew nodded.  “I couldn’t see a name patch, but he was definitely wearing a uniform.  And he had an officer’s insignia on him, one of those little silver pins.  A first lieutenant’s bar.”
At this, Dani frowned, puzzled.  “That doesn’t make any sense.  There aren’t any lieutenants here.  Not anymore, not since they sent Carter home to Arkansas.” Heading for the door, she said, “Come on.  We need to go find Major Prendick.” She cut him a glance and a wry smirk.  “You keep downwind, okay?”
He frowned.  “Ha, ha.”
****
 “Well, now, that’s quite the story you’ve come up with, Mister Braddock.” Prendick seemed completely blithe, even dubious about Andrew’s account of what had happened.  
Which, needless to say, pissed Andrew off.  “It’s not a story and I didn’t come up with it.  It happened.  I told you.  Someone or something chased me through the forest.”
“Or something,” Prendick repeated pointedly.  
Andrew nodded.  “At least four of them.  I was following the footpath Dani told me you use for patrols, then they forced me off it, into the trees.  They followed me for at least a quarter of a mile.”
Crossing his arms, but not losing his bemused, aloof expression, Prendick regarded him.  “Why would anyone do that?”
“Because they knew where the snare trap was.  They were herding me toward it.”
Prendick rolled his eyes.  
“I saw them,” Andrew snapped.  “Moving through the trees, just for a second, but they looked a lot like the thing I told you I saw the night I wrecked my Jeep.”
“Mister Braddock,” Prendick began.  
“I’m telling the truth, goddamn it,” Andrew snapped, planting his foot on the edge of Prendick’s desk and yanking up his pant cuff.  “Look at my leg.  You think I did this to myself?” He wrenched down his sock, revealing an angry red welt line encircling his ankle, the painful imprint left by the snare line.  
Prendick frowned.  “What I think, Mister Braddock, is that you hit your head pretty hard when you fell.  And what I know for a fact is that in this forest, it’s easy to get turned around, mixed up.  If you wander off the path, don’t recognize your surroundings, it’s easy to jump at shadows, every unfamiliar sound.”
“I work in forests like this pretty much every day of my life,” Andrew argued.  “I wasn’t lost or imagining things.”
“Well, I’m at a loss to explain it.” Prendick threw up his hands.  “Because you’re saying you saw a dead soldier out there in the woods, and I’m telling you we’re not missing any.  We’re all present or otherwise accounted for, and this is a brand new facility.  We’re the only unit that’s ever been stationed here.”
Any pretense of good humor had drained from his face and voice, and he glared at Andrew now, as bristled and close to angry as Andrew had yet to see him.  
“Major, if I may,” Dani ventured, her voice hesitant, her tone courteous and deferent.  “Upon our arrival here, sir, we were briefed on the possibility of encountering narcotics dealers out in the woods.  These mountains have a reputation for hiding marijuana crops and methamphetamine labs.  We were warned about the risks of booby traps, sir, set to protect their boundaries—nail-pits, pipe bombs, that sort of thing.”
“I remember the briefing, Specialist Santoro,” Prendick told her dryly.  “I was the one who delivered it.”
“Maybe that’s what Andrew ran into, sir,” Dani said.  Cutting Andrew a wide-eyed, tentative glance, she added, “Maybe this body he said he saw wasn’t really one at all, but some kind of effigy, like a scarecrow, that’s meant to keep people away.”
“No.” Andrew shook his head.  “It wasn’t anything like that.  It was a body.  I stuck my hands through it.  It was half-rotted, full of maggots and it stunk like hell.  You can still smell it on me.” 
“As I was saying, sir.” Dani’s comment was directed to Prendick but she glared at Andrew in unspoken imperative: Shut up.  You’re not helping.  “All of this land was held in federal reserve before this facility was built, which means they could’ve been out here for years, decades even, without being detected.  Which also means, sir,” she added pointedly.  “They could be growing or manufacturing illegal substances on federal land.  That would put it in our jurisdiction to investigate, wouldn’t it, sir?”
Prendick studied her for a long, stern moment.  “Et tu, Santoro?” he said.  Then with a sigh and another scowl in Andrew’s general direction, he grumbled, “Get your squad together and meet me in the courtyard in thirty minutes.  Mister Braddock, you go to your room, shower off and change your clothes—because you’re right, you do stink—then rendezvous with us in the yard, as well.  Can you find the spot where you claim this body was hanging again?”
Andrew nodded.  “I marked it on one of the maps in my backpack.  I know how to find my way back there.”
“Fair enough,” Prendick replied.  “Here’s your chance to prove it.”
****
Even though Andrew guided them along the trail, he stayed closely surrounded on all sides by armed members of Dani’s squad.  Each of the soldiers carried live M16A assault rifles and despite the light, jovial conversation that they’d exchanged in the courtyard, once in the woods, they got down to business.  Walking cautiously, keeping careful watch all around them, they ventured among the trees with the same sort of wary attentiveness they might have awarded a deceptively vacant street in some Afghani or Iraqi village.  
“So Santoro says some guys were following you through the woods,” one of them, Spaulding, said in a low voice to Andrew.  
Andrew didn’t feel like enduring the indignity of trying to explain that he didn’t think they had been guys at all.  When he simply nodded in reply, the soldier, Spaulding, pressed, “How many, you figure?”
“At least four,” Andrew said.  “Maybe more.  It was kind of hard to tell.”
“What’d they look like?” Spaulding asked.  
“I don’t know.” Andrew shook his head.  “I never saw their faces.”
“What were they wearing?”
Andrew shook his head again.  “I didn’t really get a good look.”
“You know, I’ve heard there’s a Bigfoot out here in these woods,” Hartford murmured from Andrew’s right.  
“Hey, fuck you, Hartford, what do you know?” another, Reigler, growled.  “Shut up, you dipshit.”
“Fuck you, Reigler,” Hartford grumbled back.  “I know plenty.  I read books and shit.  Last fall, some guy out this way, he got pictures of one of them Bigfoots in his garden, eating his green beans.”
“Me, I’m more worried about drug dealers out here growing pot than any Bigfoot,” Boston remarked.  
To Andrew’s consternation, the poke berry ink he’d used to mark the trail map had smeared on the page.  He’d folded it too quickly and it hadn’t fully dried, and now streaked the map in splotches, with no discernable point of origin.  This cost him brownie points with the soldiers, as several of them exchanged exasperated eye rolls when they found out.  
“I can still find my way back on my own,” Andrew insisted, but even Dani looked somewhat dubious.  “I know the general area.  That’s still marked.”
****
The area may have been marked, but Andrew quickly recalled a quote he’d heard once from legendary woodsman, Daniel Boone: I can’t say I was ever lost, but I was bewildered once for three days.  
Bewildered, Andrew thought, frowning.  That’s a word for it.  Along with fucked.  
They’d left the rutted foot path some time ago, beating their own trail through the woods for a good twenty minutes or so.  The silence this time had been broken not by the occasional rustle of footsteps in the leaves, but the sound of rain drops plopping heavily through the treetops, a light drizzle that quickly worked its way into something more steady.  To his credit—and Andrew’s surprise—Prendick hadn’t said anything, and on those fleeting occasions when Andrew would steal a sheepish glance in the older man’s direction, he found the Major seeming unbothered by neither the rain nor their circumstances.  
The trees had all started to look alike to Andrew, because when he’d been chased through them, he hadn’t thought to admire the view for long, or at least try to find some visual landmarks by which he might reorient himself later.  
 “Damn it,” he muttered.  
“It’s alright,” Dani told him, quiet and close enough so no one else heard.  
“I thought it was right around here,” he said, turning in a circle, looking every which way.  
“We’ll find it,” she murmured in reassurance.  But she didn’t believe that, and he knew it.  
Because she doesn’t believe me.  She’s my friend and she doesn’t want to hurt my feelings, but there you go.  She thinks I’m as full of shit as Prendick does.  They all do now.  
“Major Prendick, over here,” called one of the soldiers, Maggitti, who had ventured ahead of the group a modest distance, surveying on point for the team.  “I’ve found something.”
Andrew darted in the direction of his cry, with Dani and the rest of the squad right in step.  Whatever momentary excitement and vindication Andrew might have felt quickly withered, however, when he caught sight of a deer carcass dangling by the neck from a tree limb.  It had been stripped of its skin, its limbs hacked off, its entrails removed along with most of the viable meat.  What remained was putrid, ripe with the dim, sleepy buzz of flies.  
“Looks like poachers again,” Maggitti said to Prendick.  
“Aw, man,” Hartford remarked.  “I bet they got some good eating off that one.”
“You want me to cut it down, sir?”  Maggitti asked.  
Prendick shook his head.  “Leave it.  The coyotes and cougars will find it soon enough.”
“This isn’t what I saw earlier,” Andrew said, and when Prendick turned to him, any semblance of courteous tolerance was gone.  He looked doubtful and aggravated.  
“Mister Braddock, it’s getting late,” he said.  “The sun will be setting soon.”
“I’m telling you, this isn’t what I saw,” Andrew insisted.  
“You’ve done a lot of that since your arrival, Mister Braddock,” Prendick said, his voice growing sharp, his eyes cold and brittle.  “Telling, I mean.  It seems to me that in a few short days, you’ve seen all kinds of things in these woods, more than the rest of us have in months.  At least, according to you.”
Andrew bristled.  “I’m not lying.  Or imagining things.”
“Be that as it may…” Prendick’s voice trailed off and he offered a condescending shrug.  “It’s raining and cold and if we stay out here much longer, at least half of us will have hypothermia by the time we get back to the barracks.  Besides that, I’m hungry and tired and don’t feel like humoring you anymore.  If you want to stay out here and walk in circles a while longer, by all means, be my guest.” He held his hand up in the air, fingers folded into a fist, a signal to the soldiers.  “As for the rest of us, let’s head back in.”


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Upon their return to the compound, Andrew beat a hasty retreat to his room for the rest of the night, humiliated and frustrated, ignoring even Dani’s attempts to make sympathetic eye contact with him.  Flopping onto his bed, he propped himself up with pillows, kicked off his boots and tried to watch some of the video he’d borrowed the night before.  
As the opening credits for Universal Soldier rolled, he closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose.  A headache had been brewing there even before they’d found the putrid deer hanging from the tree, and he could feel it pulsing now behind his eyes, the steady, rhythmic cadence of a midget banging a bass drum deep inside his skull.  
I didn’t see a dead goddamn deer, he thought.  His head hurt.  He was exhausted, his mind foggy, his emotions scraped raw with fatigue.  I wasn’t imagining things.  It was a soldier in the tree.  A dead soldier.  I saw him.  I know I did.  
But in that moment, with nothing but the music from the TV overlapping with faint buzz of the overhead fluorescents and the whispered rush of the building’s central air-conditioning to surround him, he found himself no longer so certain.  
He’d known other foresters who’d panicked while out in the field.  Without a compass or GPS readily in hand for orientation, it was all too easy to feel disoriented and confused.  Even small animals could make noises that made them seem larger, more menacing in a carpeting of dried leaves, and one’s imagination could certainly play tricks, filling in the blanks, conjuring up mental images of all kinds of unseen horrors crashing and lumbering through the underbrush.  
Maybe that’s it, he thought, forcing his pride aside, the part of him that insisted he’d been a trained field professional long enough to know the difference between fact and fantasy, that he’d delved into deeper, thicker, denser woods than these a hundred times, if not a thousand, and made it out again with only his wits and an occasional glimpse of the sun overhead to guide his way.  Massaging his aching temples, Andrew struggled to push this part of him away, to muffle it.  Because the only answer that makes any sense is that I imagined it all.  I got scared, got lost, got caught in a trap and saw a dead deer hanging from a tree.  Anything else was all in my mind.  
“All in my mind,” he whispered, and man, he wished he could believe that.  It would have made things a hell of a lot easier.  
****
He heard a knock at the door and his eyelids fluttered open.  He hadn’t meant to doze off, didn’t even realize that he had until he tried to sit up in bed and winced to feel the tight strain of a crick that had formed in his neck as he’d napped.  
With a groan, he swung his legs around, his feet to the floor.  Shoving his disheveled hair back from his brow, he glanced at the clock and realized he’d lost almost an hour.  
“Alice?” he asked, blinking stupidly to find her on his threshold.  
The little girl looked up at him.  “There was smoke everywhere.”
Bewildered, he shook his head.  “What?”
“When the fire started, there was smoke everywhere,” Alice said again.  “I couldn’t see.  Martha couldn’t either and she got lost.”
It took him a second of fending off the last residual, groggy cobwebs from his mind before he realized what she was talking about.  The night her house was firebombed.  
“They found her after they’d put the fire out,” Alice said.  “She was all burned up in a corner of the kitchen.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, moved with sudden pity for her.  Folding his legs, he squatted down to her eye level.  
“She was seven steps from the back door,” Alice said.  “And in the smoke, she didn’t even know it.”
“Is that why you always count your steps?” he asked and she nodded once, reluctantly.  
“So I always know how to get out,” she whispered.  “So I don’t end up like Martha.”
Andrew cupped his hand against the back of her hair and drew her to his shoulder, offering her a hug.  If she drew comfort from his touch, it didn’t reflect in her posture.  She stood rigidly against him, as stiff as a plank of lumber, and made no move to return the embrace.  Feeling awkward, Andrew drew back.  “Sorry,” he said, but she only blinked at him impassively.  “You want to come in?”
She didn’t answer, but brushed past him, her bare feet whispering on the tile floor.  He closed the door behind her, then ducked ahead into the bedroom area, switching on the bedside lamp to counter the growing shadows.  There was a particularly loud and violent montage underway on the TV screen, full of people screaming and things exploding in enormous fireballs and Andrew darted forward, shutting it off.  
“Where’s Suzette?”
“Fixing supper.  She’s making salmon croquettes tonight.  And creamed peas to go with them.”
“Yuck.” Andrew wrinkled his nose, grateful all at once to not be bartering sexual favors in exchange for his supper.  
“I know.” Alice nodded solemnly.  “Where were you today? I didn’t see you out in the courtyard.”
Oddly touched that she would have been distracted enough from her habitual counting to notice his absence, he said, “I went for a hike in the woods.”
A strange look came over her at this.  Her eyes grew momentarily wide, and her bottom lip drew in beneath the shelf of her upper teeth almost anxiously.  “You shouldn’t do that.”
“What? Go into the woods?” he asked and when she nodded, he asked, “Why not?”
She looked up at him, all round, dark eyes.  “The screamers live there,” she said in a voice so soft and faint, he couldn’t be sure at first he’d heard her.  
“The what?” Folding his legs beneath him, he squatted in front of her.  “What did you say, Alice?”
Still, she stared at him, locking her gaze with his own.  “You’ve heard them,” she whispered.  “The screamers in the night.”
He nodded, a chill shivering through him, prickling the hairs along the nape of his neck.  “What are they?” he whispered back.  “Do you know?”
She shook her head.  “But I’ve seen them in the trees.  You have, too, haven’t you?”
Andrew nodded again.  I think I saw them today.  
****
He got Alice a snack from the vending machines in the downstairs rec room.  She’d lapsed into silence in his room, saying no more about the things in the woods she’d called the “screamers.” He’d meant to leave her for only a few minutes, then try and broach the subject with her again, but it took longer than he’d intended because he hadn’t paid much attention to the contents of the machine until that moment.  As he looked inside, he realized there wasn’t much except for junk food to choose from.  
I can’t feed her soda and a Snickers bar for supper, he thought, frowning.  He  knew he needed to get her back to the apartment.  Even if Suzette had been too preoccupied fixing supper to notice Alice slipping out the door, she’d have noticed her absence by now.  If she hadn’t then Moore sure as hell would whenever he returned shortly from the lab for his dinner.  
It’s their special time, Suzette had told him of Moore and Alice dining together at night.  Or some such bullshit.  
He finally settled on a package of peanut butter crackers.  He had no idea what kinds of food Alice liked, outside of Cheerio’s, which she apparently ate every morning for breakfast.  Every kid likes peanut butter, though, he thought, punching the button and watching the thin metal coil slowly rotate, dropping the crackers with a heavy plop into the dispensing trough at the bottom of the machine.  Don’t they?
Digging through the measly remains of his spare change, he also put together enough to get a can of 7-Up.  It’s caffeine free, I think, he told himself with a studious frown.  He wished Dani was there to ask.  She has kids.  She’d know these things.  
“Have you seen Alice?”
The rec room had been empty upon his arrival, the jukebox dark and quiet, the pool tables vacant and the voice from behind startled him.  He turned in surprise and found Suzette at the threshold, a somewhat frantic sort of look on her face.  
“Alice,” she said again, because he must have blinked at her stupidly for too long for her liking, and she frowned, planting her hands on her hips.  “She’s gotten out of the apartment somehow and run off.  Have you seen her?”
He glanced guiltily at the soda and crackers then shook his head.  “No.  Sorry.”
“Well, if you do, please come find me, okay?” she asked.  “Edward’s panicking.  He’s over at the lab building right now, probably tearing it up from end to end looking for her.  He said something about her getting in there, figuring out the access code somehow.”
“Uh, sure.” He shrugged.  “I’ll keep an eye out.”
She was too distracted to offer anything sarcastic or snide in reply, turning instead on her heel and walking briskly into the hall again.  
Hurrying, he carried the soda and crackers back to his room, only to find Alice asleep on his bed.  Curled on her side, her knees drawn to her chest, her hands draped delicately by her face, she didn’t stir when he came through the door.  Caught off guard, somewhat charmed, he nonetheless realized he was pretty much officially fucked.  
“Alice.” Setting aside the snacks, he knelt beside the bed.  “Alice? It’s time to get up.”
She didn’t stir and he stroked her hair back from her face.  “Honey, you can’t sleep here.  Your daddy’s looking for you.  He has a gun and he’s already tried to kill me once with it.”
As he tucked loose tendrils of her dark hair behind her ear, he felt something coarse and out of place, hidden beneath her scalp.  Curious, he leaned forward, pushing her hair further aside.  She had a thick crown, enough so that when combed just right, it had hidden from view a narrow strip of scalp that that been shaved bald and exposed.  It wasn’t until he parted her hair with his hands that he saw it clearly, a line of stitches closing a wound approximately two inches in length.  It was still fresh enough to have blood crusted along the seam.  
North of this, along the outermost edge of the shaved margin of scalp, he noticed a slight indentation in her flesh, a place where the hair had started to regrow, but had been likewise sheared at some point, because the new hair was only a few centimeters long.  With a frown, Andrew brushed his fingertips against this peculiar depression.  A thin red line bisected it, a scar from a now-healed incision.  
What the hell? For a moment, he leaned away from the bed, reaching for the lamp on his nightstand.  Hooking the lip of the shade with his hand, he flipped it enough to redirect the light in a broad pool against his bed, bathing Alice.  Now he studied her head again with bewildered fascination, finding two more sets of the curious dimples and scars near the crown of her skull, another closer to her hairline and at least three near the cap of her pate.  
It’s like the skull’s gone soft there or something, he thought.  Or like it’s gone altogether.  
“It’s where the medicine goes,” Alice said and he drew back, surprised to find her blinking dazedly at him.  
“I…I’m sorry,” he stammered, awkward and abashed.  “I didn’t mean to wake you up.” 
“That’s alright,” she said.  
“What happened to your head?” he asked quietly.  “What are those places?”
“I told you.  It’s where the medicine goes.”
“What do you mean? What kind of medicine?” 
She shrugged one shoulder, still laying on the other.  
“Who does this to you?” he whispered, heartsick and stricken because he knew.  Did your father do that, Alice? Oh, God, did that son of a bitch hurt you?
“Can I stay here with you, Andrew?” Alice asked.  “Please?”
He nodded, slipping his hand against hers, squeezing her fingers gently.  “Yes.  Of course you can.” Raising his hips, he leaned forward and kissed her brow through her hair.  “I promise, Alice.  I won’t let anyone hurt you again.”
****
“Oh, my God,” Dani gasped when he told her about the wound on Alice’s head, moved the girl’s hair aside so she could see for herself the grim evidence of past trepanning beneath the dark curls.  
He’d fallen asleep like that, holding Alice’s hand as he sat beside the bed, resting his cheek against the crook of his elbow while the girl had dozed again, It wasn’t until Dani had knocked on the door that he roused.  
“I brought you some supper,” she’d offered, looking somewhat sheepish as she’d held out a foil-covered plate between her hands.  “It’s not very good.  I’m not even exactly sure what it is.  C Squad’s on KP tonight.”
The plate remained wrapped tight and untouched atop the TV set.  “The poor thing,” Dani whispered, helping as he pulled the bedspread over, folding it in half so he could drape its warm folds over Alice’s diminutive form.  “What are we going to do?”
Andrew met her gaze grimly.  “We’re going to take her out of here.  I’ve still got my backpack and you can get us some supplies.  We’ll bundle her up in these blankets to keep her warm and take turns carrying her.”
“What? Tonight?”
“Yes, tonight—right now.” Even if the things he’d heard in the forest earlier, the people Alice had called the screamers were real, what choice did they have? “We can cut through the woods down to Highway 460 and head for the nearest town.  If it’s not big enough for a hospital, it at least has to have a police station.”
“I can’t leave,” Dani said.  “That’d be going AWOL.  I could face desertion charges.”
“How? You wouldn’t be doing anything wrong, Dani.” He shoved his finger emphatically at the door.  “Edward Moore’s been cutting holes in Alice’s skull for God only knows what sick fucking purpose.  Major Prendick’s got to know about it.  How could he not? And if he knows about it and he lets it happen, if he doesn’t do anything to stop it, then he’s just as sick and twisted and wrong as Moore is—and you have every right in the world to walk away.”
She looked at him, then down at the girl, visibly torn.  
“Dani,” he pleaded.  “Please.  If Moore’s doing this to his own daughter, what’s he capable of doing to you? To any of us?” 
Alice murmured in her sleep, burrowing more deeply beneath the folds of the comforter.  At this soft, fluttering sound, Dani’s expression softened, and when she cut her gaze back to Andrew, she nodded.  “Alright.  Give me thirty minutes and I’ll be back.” 


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

She was back, slapping urgently at his door, in less than ten.  
“I need your help,” she told him, grabbing him by the arm, yanking him into the hallway.  “It’s Thomas.  He wasn’t at supper again tonight.  I just thought he wasn’t feeling well again, but just now, he came to my room.”
“Is he alright?” Andrew asked, a stupid question considering he knew O’Malley wasn’t alright based on that frightened, frantic look in Dani’s eyes, the worry and fear that were both stark and apparent in her face.  
“He’s burning up with fever.  I need to get him to the infirmary.  Will you help me? He won’t walk by himself, says it hurts too bad.” Her voice had grown strained, choked with tears.  “I had to leave him on the floor in my bathroom.  He fell down and he’s too heavy.  I can’t lift him by myself.”
“Of course,” Andrew said.  Closing the door behind him as quietly as possible so he wouldn’t disturb Alice, he hurried with Dani downstairs to the first floor.  
Her bedroom was smaller than Andrew’s by at least half the diameter, furnished in equally Spartan fashion, but she’d brightened it as best she’d been able with photographs of her children and a variety of colorful drawings and paintings, rendered in marker, crayon and acrylic on sheets of construction paper she’d taped to the walls.  She’d been in the process of packing when O’Malley had come to her door.  He saw a large duffel bag open on her bed, a loose assortment of clothes surrounding it.  
“He’s in here.” Dani rushed to the bathroom door, but when she reached for the light switch, a low voice groaned from the shadow-draped interior.  
“Leave the light off.”
“Thomas, it’s me,” Dani said.  “I’ve got Andrew Braddock with me.  We’re going to get you over to the infirmary.  It’s going to be okay.” 
“Light…hurts my eyes,” O’Malley mumbled from inside, and past Dani, Andrew caught sight of him sprawled on the floor, half-upright, half-slumped against the wall, his legs splayed out in front of him.  The smell of vomit struck him even before he got near the threshold.  
“What’s wrong with him?” he whispered, shying back reflexively.  
“I don’t know.” Seeming oblivious to the pungent odor, Dani went into the bathroom and knelt beside her friend.  
“I got sick,” O’Malley croaked, sounding feeble and miserable.  
“It’s okay,” she said.  
“There’s puke on your floor.”
“It’s okay,” she said again.  
“I’m sorry,” he moaned.  
“Shut up, Thomas,” she said, then looked back at Andrew.  “He can’t stand.  He told me his legs hurt, his knees and ankles are all swollen.  Can you help me?”
Andrew nodded, stepping into the narrow confines of the bathroom, blinking owlishly for a moment as his eyes adjusted to the gloom.  He saw a thin puddle of vomit on the tiles near Dani’s feet.  As he squatted on the other side, he drew back in reflexive surprise.  Even in the dark, he could see O’Malley’s face shining with febrile sweat.  His breathing sounded heavy and labored.  
“Hey, Just-Andrew,” the Corporal croaked, managing a feeble smile.  “Dani told me…you went out in the woods…looking for me today.  Thanks.  That…that was alright of you.”
“Well, hey, you know, I’m a nice guy.” Andrew tried to force a smile, a nonchalant tone to his voice.  
“Yeah.” O’Malley nodded once.  “She…told me that, too.”
“Let’s get you out of here,” Andrew said, slipping his arm around O’Malley’s back.  “Lean on me.  You think you can stand up?”
“I don’t know.” O’Malley grunted as Andrew pulled him into a more upright, seated position, allowing Dani to get her arm around him from the other side.  “My legs…feel like they’re on fire.”
Dani cut a frightened look at Andrew.  “On three?” he asked and she nodded.  Andrew counted off, then they both gritted their teeth, struggling with O’Malley’s considerable and mostly dead-weight.  They managed to get him on his feet, although it took them several tries.  The effort to stand likewise exhausted O’Malley, and he leaned heavily against Andrew, his eyes rolling back into his skull, uttering a soft, breathless moan as his consciousness waned.  
“Thomas?” Dani first tapped, then more vigorously slapped his cheek, trying to rouse him.  “Thomas, wake up.”
“Help me get him to the bed,” Andrew said, struggling to keep his own feet underneath him while supporting O’Malley.  Together, he and Dani wrestled the young man to her bed, and she shoved aside the duffel bag and clothes to clear space for him.  
“Oh, my God,” Dani whispered, once they’d let O’Malley collapse against the bed spread.  Now, beneath the fluorescent glow of her overhead lights, they could see the left side of his face and neck were covered in some kind of rash.  Bright red welts, raised like poison ivy or hives and all but covered his cheek and forehead, encircling his left eye, swelling his eyelid shut.  
She leaned over, pulling open his shirt, revealing more of the weal-like rash cutting thick splotches down his neck and chest.  Golf-ball sized nodules had risen beneath his skin in places, following the contours of his ribcage, his abdomen and the back of his neck.  The warning signs Andrew had seen plastered throughout the house of pain came immediately to mind: 
CAUTION: BIOHAZARD
CANCER HAZARD
BIOSAFETY LEVEL 2
“That’s not Rocky Mountain spotted fever,” Andrew said.  Drawing back from the bed, he wiped his hands fervently on his pant legs.  “I don’t know what the hell he’s got, but it’s not that.” 
“Will you stay with him?” she asked.  “Just for a few minutes, until I can find Suzette?”
“Suzette?” Andrew blinked in bewildered surprise.  
“She’s a doctor,” Dani said.  “Look at Thomas.  He needs medical attention.”
“Alright,” Andrew said, not because he particularly wanted to—because the only thing that might have made him more anxious than the prospect of exposure to anthrax, ebola or other weapons-grade germs was that of another confrontation with Suzette—but because Dani had asked it of him, pleaded for it.  
“I’ll hurry, I promise.” Dani leaned over and stroked O’Malley’s close-cropped hair, speaking as much to him as to Andrew, even though the young corporal was pretty much incoherent now, oblivious to her.  
Dani rushed from the room, leaving Andrew standing beside the bed, uncertain.  Semi-lucid, O’Malley moaned weakly.  Not only did his breathing sound strained, but Andrew realized it sounded moist, sodden somehow, like maybe when he’d vomited, he’d aspirated some of his own bile and now it churned and frothed with every labored inhalation.  
“It’s going to be okay,” Andrew told him, feeling obliged to say something at least remotely comforting, if only for his own benefit.  
O’Malley turned his head weakly to one side.  As he did, a thin stream of frothy, pale foam dribbled out of his mouth, down his cheek and onto the bedspread.  
“Oh, hey,” Andrew said, eyes widening in abrupt panic.  He darted to the bathroom and grabbed the first towel he found.  Rushing back into the bedroom, he crammed it against O’Malley’s mouth, trying to tuck it beneath his head without getting any of the vomit on his hand.  
O’Malley groaned.  This turned into a low, warbling croak, a nasty, visceral sort of belch, then he convulsed sharply on the bed, spitting out a sudden, thick spray of bile all over Andrew.  
“Shit!” Andrew recoiled in disgust, holding his arms out impotently in the air, watching as more of that mucous-like emesis dripped from his now soaked sleeves.  The front of his shirt clung to his chest, sopping and stinking.  “Shit.”
O’Malley uttered another of those throaty cawing sounds, ending abruptly in a gulp as he spewed again, this time splattering Andrew’s shoes.  
“Jesus,” Andrew said, seizing a waste can from across the room and shoving it unceremoniously beside the bed.  “Here, man.  Get it in this.” He tried to get his arm around O’Malley, the sour stink of stomach acid making his own gut roil.  He could feel more of those weird, knot-like growths on the Corporal’s back through his shirt.  What the hell are those, boils or something? Tumors? 
“Lean over the side of the bed.” Grunting, he tried to lug O’Malley closer to the edge of the mattress.  It was like trying to drag a fallen telephone pole out of the middle of the road.  “Help me out here.”
When O’Malley hurled again, this time he hit the can, much to Andrew’s relief.  He also seemed to emerge somewhat from the haze of semi-consciousness into which he’d lapsed, and he blinked up at Andrew, vomit hanging in dangling, thick strands from his chin, his eyes glassy and dazed.  
“Hurts,” he groaned, spitting weakly, trying to dislodge those tenacious strings of phlegm.  
“It’s alright.” Moved with sudden pity, Andrew pulled the towel loose from beneath him and tried to wipe his mouth.  O’Malley’s skin felt like molten wax, blazing with heat, sticky with sweat and spattered bile.  “Hang on.”
Andrew left the bedside, hurrying to the bathroom sink.  Turning the cold tap open full blast, he stuffed the towel into the basin, letting it soak up the water.  Carrying it, soaked and dripping between his hands, he returned to O’Malley, mopping his face with it.  
“What’s…wrong with me?” O’Malley whimpered.  
Andrew shook his head.  “I don’t know.” He had a sudden, horrifying flashback in his mind—his sister Beth, lying in her hospital bed on the day she’d died.  She’d had that same glazed look in her eyes, that frightened, helpless, hopeless sort of light.  
Hey, Germ.  
The door to Dani’s room flew open wide and she rushed in, followed closely by Suzette.  
“He threw up again,” Andrew said, stupid and unnecessary, considering the smell was ripe and thick in the air, and he was still pretty much soaked from the chest down with puke.  If he’d been expecting animosity from Suzette, he was surprised when instead, she was the portrait of consummate professionalism.  Brushing past him without as much as a glance, she hurried to O’Malley’s bedside, rolling the younger man onto his back.  
“Can you hear me, Corporal?” Suzette asked, leaning over.  Using the pad of her thumb, she gently peeled back O’Malley’s eyelids, looking down into his eyes.  “How long has he been unconscious?”
“Not long,” Dani said, shied near Andrew, her eyes enormous and glossy with tears.  “He was awake when we got him out of the bathroom.  He passed out right before we helped him into the bed.”
“He woke up a little bit before you got here,” Andrew said.  “He told me he was hurting.”
“Look at his skin,” Dani said.  “He’s got some kind of rash all down the left side of him, those bumps.”
“Erythema marginatum,” Suzette said.  “It’s a type of skin inflammation, pretty characteristic of rheumatic fever.”
“Rheumatic fever?” Dani asked.  
“He had it as a child,” Suzette said.  “I talked to him earlier, when he first started feeling bad, and he told me.  It can recur throughout your life once you’ve had it, an uncommon complication of a streptococcus infection.  Strep throat.”
Andrew cut Dani a surprised and dubious glance.  That’s caused by strep throat? he thought, staring back at the stricken Corporal.  He hadn’t smelled any alcohol on Suzette’s breath—surprising in and of itself—but he wondered now if she wasn’t drunk after all, as crazy as her diagnosis sounded.  
“Once you’ve had it, you’re prone to recurrences in adulthood,” Suzette said.  “It’s rare, but it happens.  I’d suspected this was the cause and gave him some antibiotics from the infirmary.  I should have tried something more aggressive, stronger.”
She awarded Andrew a brief once-over.  “The strain of streptococcus that can lead to rheumatic fever is contagious.  You might want to change your clothes, take a shower.” 
She said this with a brittle edge to her voice, the sort that clearly imparted she’d just as soon have him catch whatever ailment had affected O’Malley, if only so she could enjoy letting it go untreated.  
To Dani, she added in a far more amiable tone, “Specialist Santoro, you’ll want to wash your hands, too, and see me later on.  I’ll get you started on some preventive antibiotics, just in case.”
****
 “I’m sorry,” Dani said to Andrew at the doorway to her room.  Suzette had gone to the infirmary long enough to get a rolling stretcher, the sort carried in ambulances, and return with it in tow.  Andrew and Dani had both helped drag O’Malley from the bed to the litter by grabbing handfuls of the bedclothes beneath him and using them as a rudimentary sling.  
“These will need to be burned anyway,” Suzette had remarked of the sheets and comforter.  “It’s all contaminated now.  You two go get cleaned up.”
“I need to let Major Prendick know what’s going on,” Dani had said, but Suzette had shaken her head.  
“I’ll take care of it.  He’s still helping Moore search the grounds for Alice.  I can handle things from here.”
“It’s alright.” In the corridor, Andrew reached up to caress Dani’s cheek, brush her hair back behind her ear, but realized he still had O’Malley’s vomit drying on his hand, sticky on his sleeve.  With a wince, he dropped his hand again, moved to wipe it on his pants, realized these were soaked, too, and grimaced.  
“I can’t leave,” Dani said.  “Not now, not with Thomas so sick.”
“I know.”
“I’m sorry.” Her brows lifted.  “I know what you said about Dr. Moore, what he’s doing to Alice, but I just can’t leave Thomas.”
“It’s alright,” he told her again.  
“Let me see how he is in the morning,” she said.  “If he’s stable enough to transport somewhere, it could be the excuse we need to smuggle Alice out of here.”
Andrew frowned, thoughtful.  “I can’t keep her in my room for too much longer.  Moore thinks she’s in the lab.  Suzette said he’s tearing it apart looking for her.  But sooner or later, he’ll check the barracks.  You know the compound better than me.  Is there someplace I can bring her for tonight? Someplace safe where Moore won’t think to look?”
Dani shook her head, then her eyes widened.  “Wait a minute.  There’s a bathroom in the back of the garage.  It doubles as a storage closet, so it’s pretty big.” She shoved her hand into her pocket and he heard the jangle of metal on metal as she pulled out a small key ring.  “It’s one of the only doors in the whole complex with a keyed lock.” With a wink, she added, “And I’ve got the only key.”
She dangled them in the air and when he held out his hand, she let them fall noisily into the basin of his palm.  
“God, I love you.” He said this with a laugh, meaning it playfully, but the moment the words were out of his mouth, his smile faltered.  He hadn’t said I love you to anyone since Lila.  For some reason, though, instead of sounding foreign and strange as they lingered in the air between Andrew and Dani, they seemed right somehow.  
But when she stared up at him, visibly surprised, offering nothing in immediate reply—not the I love you, too, which would have admittedly been nice, or even a What the hell are you thinking?, which would have admittedly been called for—he found himself abashed and awkward.  “I’m sorry.”
“Get out of here,” she said with a smile.  “You smell like puke.”


CHAPTER NINETEEN

Andrew found Alice exactly as he’d left her, curled up and sound asleep on his bed.  Moving quietly around the room so he wouldn’t disturb her, he’d pulled the last of the clean clothing provisions from a bureau drawer, then stripped off his soggy jeans and shirt for disposal.  Then he stood under the heavy shower spray and scrubbed his skin, Suzette’s words of admonition still ringing in his ears.  
The strain of streptococcus that can lead to rheumatic fever is contagious.  
Just the thought of possibly contracting the same bacteria that had caused such debilitating and disfiguring illness in O’Malley left him damn near wearing a groove into the bar of soap as he rubbed it between his hands, lathering up again and again.  
He got out of the shower stall and mopped at his head with a towel.  I can’t believe I said that.  With the smell of vomit off of him, his mind had wandered to other concerns besides potentially biohazardous contamination.  Most specifically, he thought about Dani and his unintentional slip of the tongue.  
She smiled at me, though, he thought, wrapping the towel around his waist, tucking the corner in to secure it loosely in place.  She didn’t kick me in the balls or anything and she could have.  She should have.  So she couldn’t have been too pissed off about me saying it.  Right?
Raking his fingers through his wet hair to comb it back from his face, he opened the bathroom door.  At almost the exact same moment, he heard a quiet series of beeps from his doorway.  It occurred to him dimly that someone was typing in a pass code and then the door burst open as Edward Moore shoved his way inside, Major Prendick less than a full step behind him.  
“Where is she?” Moore demanded, his face twisted with barely tamped fury, his fists clenched as he charged forward.  
Andrew backpedaled in surprise and alarm, but the ironic realization that this was the second time in as many days that Moore had barged into his room uninvited and caught him in nothing but a bath towel was short-lived.  Moore’s hand shot out, clamping beneath the shelf of his chin, slamming him into the bathroom doorframe, cutting his startled yelp breathlessly short.  
“Where is my daughter, you son of a bitch?” Moore shouted, his face inches away from Andrew’s own, peppering Andrew with spittle.  “What have you done with her? Tell me right goddamn now!”
Andrew pawed at his hand, trying to wedge his fingers beneath Moore’s, to loosen that furious, powerful hold that had crushed his windpipe, leaving him straining futilely for any hint of air.  “Let…go…!” he gasped.  
“Dr. Moore.” Prendick clapped his hand on Moore’s shoulder, but made no immediate move to haul the other man away.  “Let him go.”
“Please,” Andrew choked, pawing at Moore’s hand, staring desperately at Prendick.  Help me, he wanted to cry, even though all he could manage to croak out was a feeble, “Help.” Get this crazy son of a bitch off of me!
“Moore.” Prendick’s voice sharpened.  “Let him go.”
After a long moment, Moore at last drew his hand away.  Andrew stumbled backwards, whooping for breath.  
“You…” he gasped, staring at Moore.  “You’re crazy.”
Moore paid him no attention, instead turning and stomping into Andrew’s bedroom.  “Alice!” he shouted.  “Alice, answer me.  It’s Daddy.”
What the hell is he yelling for? Andrew thought, breathless and bewildered.  She’s not deaf, for God’s sake.  
Then he looked beyond the doorway into the bedroom and realized Alice was no longer lying on the bed.  “What the…?” he whispered.  
“Something wrong, Mister Braddock?” Prendick asked as Andrew brushed past him and limped into the bedroom, following Moore.  
Where’d she go? he wondered in rising alarm, watching as Moore dropped onto his knees and flipped back the bedspread, looking underneath the bed.  
“I said…” Prendick’s hand fell heavily against Andrew’s shoulder from behind.  “Is something wrong?”
Andrew frowned, shrugging Prendick away.  “Yeah, I’d say something’s wrong.  Moore just about killed me.  And you just about stood there and let him.  What the hell’s your problem?”
“Dr. Moore’s daughter is missing,” Prendick said, seeming unfazed by Andrew’s hostile retort.  “We were hoping maybe you had some idea of her whereabouts.”
“No.  Why would I?” 
“He’s lying,” Moore snapped.  
“Like hell,” Andrew snapped back, balling his hands into fists.  
“He’s done something to Alice.  I know it.” Moore whirled to face Andrew.  “Tell me where she is.  She’s a very sick little girl and she needs medicine to—”
“Yeah, I know all about your medicine,” Andrew cut in.  “The holes you drill in her head.  Did he tell you about this?” He glared at Prendick.  “He cuts holes into her skull to put this so-called ‘medicine’ into her.” Squaring off against Moore, he said, “You’re not a doctor.  You’re a monster.  A sick, fucking sadist who carves up his own kid, for Christ’s—”
Moore bellowed, an inarticulate, furious roar, and charged again like a pissed off rhinoceros or a linebacker with some kind of murderous vendetta.  Shoulders hunched, head tucked, he plowed straight for Andrew, and when Andrew danced back, out of his path, he stumbled over a chair, knocked over a lamp and crashed with them to the floor in heap.  After a long moment in which there were no sounds in the room except for the thick, sodden sounds of Moore’s labored breathing, he sat up.  
“Dr. Moore,” Prendick said, speaking in a patronizingly patient tone of voice, as if addressing one of a pair of malcontent children.  “She’s not here.  I’ll put together a patrol and we’ll start combing the woods.”
Moore shambled to his feet, limping in a semi-circle to face Andrew, his hair wildly askew now, a thin trickle of blood seeping from his nose.  Shoving one wavering forefinger at Andrew, he said hoarsely, “The only monster here is you.  And if anything happens to Alice, I will hold you personally responsible.  I will personally make you answer for it.”
****
 “Jesus.” After Moore and Prendick had left the room, slamming the door behind them, Andrew lowered himself to the floor, sitting against the wall, and allowed himself a shaky, breathless laugh.  
What the fuck just happened? he thought, massaging his neck with his hand, the area where Moore had pinned him still sore.  
“You shouldn’t have said anything about my medicine,” he heard Alice say, and he jerked in surprise when she poked her head out from underneath the bed.  “Daddy said it’s supposed to be a secret.  That’s why he does it up in the apartment, not in the lab.”
“Where…?” Bewildered, Andrew watched her crawl out on her hands and knees, then stand up and dust off her hands.  “Your dad checked under the bed.”
“I was in the box spring frame.  I tore a hole in the liner, crawled up inside and lay across the wooden slats.”
Andrew blinked at her.  
She blinked back.  “Why are you wearing a towel?”
He glanced down, realized the way he was sitting, with his knees drawn up, gave her an unrestricted view past the hem of the towel all the way up to his balls and immediately clamped his knees together.  “Uh.  I had to take a shower.  Someone puked on me.”
Her nose wrinkled.  If memory served, it was the first time he’d ever seen her show any outward sign of emotion.  “Ewww,” she said.  
“Tell me about it,” he agreed.  
****
He managed to smuggle her out to the garage, leading her across the darkened work bay to the back corner near Dani’s desk, to the bathroom.  As he fished the key ring from his pocket, then fumbled to fit the right key in the lock in the shadows, Alice studied the pictures and drawings around Dani’s computer.  
“She has kids,” she observed.  
“Two of them, yeah.” While sifting through the four nearly identically sized and shaped keys on the key ring, Andrew noticed that rather than a plastic or metal tab, a goofy charm or even vehicle remote control, Dani had some kind of small folding tool at the end of her key chain.  Gerber Clutch had been printed on the black exterior.  Being the owner of a Gerber knife himself—said knife currently in his backpack, wherever that had wound up—Andrew smiled appreciatively.  Clearly, Dani knew a good multi-tool.  
“Here,” he said to Alice, as he found the right key and unlocked the door.  “You’ll be safe in here.” 
She didn’t immediately answer and curious, he turned to see her lingering in front of Dani’s desk.  She’d taken one of the framed photos in hand, one of Dani in extreme close up, with Max tucked beneath one arm, Eme beneath the other, all three of them grinning goofily into the camera.  He could have sworn Alice looked almost melancholy.  
“I don’t have any pictures like this,” she said when Andrew went to stand beside her.  He folded his legs beneath him, leaning over to look at the photo.  
“You mean with your mom?” he asked.  With a sick bastard like Moore for her father, he found he wasn’t the least bit surprised to realize she missed her mother, despite the fact the woman hadn’t sounded much better than Moore, to have heard tell of her.  
Alice shook her head.  “Smiling.”
It took him a moment to understand.  “You mean, you don’t have any pictures where you’re smiling?” he asked and she nodded.  “Oh.  Well, uh…” If he’d had his iPhone, he could have taken one for her right there on the spot, with its built-in digital camera.  “I’ll take one for you someday.  How about that?”
“No.” She shook her head again.  “I mean, I don’t smile.”
“Of course you can smile.  It’s not like your face doesn’t work.”
“No, but my brain doesn’t,” she replied.  “It mixes things up, so I want to smile but I don’t remember how.  Or I want to cry, but the tears won’t come out.  I didn’t say I can’t.  I said I don’t.  You’re doing it again, hearing not listening.” 
Once he’d settled her safely into the little store room, Andrew made several clandestine trips between the barracks and the garage, stealing through the shadows, bringing her pillows, blankets, some snacks and drinks.  He made a cozy little pallet on the floor for her while she stood aside and watched.  The glimpses of uncharacteristic emotion she’d shared with him earlier seemed gone now and her face had turned impassive again, her gaze detached and aloof.  
“It won’t be long,” he promised her.  “Just for tonight, maybe tomorrow.” He stroked his hand against her hair, then led her toward the nest he’d made for her on the floor.  “I know it’s not much, but you’ll be safe here.  No one can get in without the key, see?” 
Holding up his hand, he let the key dangle in her view, then curled his fingers around it and tucked it into his pocket.  “As long as you stay quiet, no one will even know you’re here.”
After she’d curled up on the pallet, he drew the blankets snugly over her shoulders, kneeling down to tuck them beneath her chin.  “You hungry?” he asked, but she shook her head.  “Thirsty?” Another head shake.  “I brought you some crackers, a couple of bottles of 7-Up.  They’re right over there, see?” 
When he pointed, she followed the line of his finger with her gaze, then nodded.  
“I’ll come back tomorrow as much as I can and check on you,” he promised as he stood again.  
“I’m sorry Daddy hurt you,” she said, looking up at him, the overhead fluorescent glistening in her eyes.  
Andrew smiled.  “He didn’t too bad.  And it wasn’t your fault.” 
“Yes, it was.  He’s worried.”
“Alice.” He squatted again.  “Listen to me.”
How could he explain to her? Moore was her father, someone she obviously loved and held in high, adulating esteem, if only because in Alice’s young, idealistic and impressionable regard, he’d rescued her from the mental institution in which her mother had placed her.  
“Your dad…” he said, then paused, sighed, ran his fingers through his hair.  “Look, your dad loves you.  But what he’s doing to you is wrong.  He’s hurting you.”
“No, he’s not.” She shook her head.  “He uses local anesthetic before he starts to drill.  All I ever feel is pressure.  Like a finger digging in really hard.  Here.  I’ll show you.”
Stricken, Andrew caught her hand, stopping her.  “Alice, your father is sick.  There’s something wrong with his mind.”
“No, there’s not.  It’s my mind doesn’t work right.  I told you.  Daddy said it has something to do with neural pathways.  The electrical signals don’t go from one place in my brain to another like they do for other people.  Sometimes my signals get mixed up, sent to the wrong place.  And sometimes they just dead end.  It’s like the map in my head doesn’t work right, he said.”
“And cutting holes in your head fixes that?”
“No.  But the medicine he puts in the holes does.  It goes into my cerebral sinuses.  They’re sort of like big blood vessels surrounding your brain.  He goes through the fontanels.  The bone is newer there, thinner.”
Tilting her head slightly, she pulled back her hair, revealing the stitches he’d noticed earlier near her temple.  He must have looked disgusted, horrified, because she reached out, catching his hand.  
“I’m better now.”
“But Alice,” he said, helplessly.  “Your dad didn’t do that by cutting holes in your head.”
“Yes, he did.  The medicine makes new nerves grow.  It fills in the missing places in my brain.  It makes the electrical signals get to the right places.  Daddy said that one day, it will all be fixed.  I’ll be just like you are.” She looked at him earnestly, nearly pleading.  “I’ll be just like everyone else.”
****
Back inside the compound, Andrew stopped at the infirmary to see if Dani was there and had any news on O’Malley’s condition.  He also decided he needed to make her aware of Moore’s increasingly erratic and violent behavior, and poor Alice’s delusions that his abuse was somehow helping to cure her autism.  
Maybe Dani can talk to her, he thought.  She’s got kids.  She can relate better.  Maybe she can make Alice understand.  
His footsteps faltered as he approached the infirmary doorway and Major Prendick walked out, flanked on either side by a pair of armed soldiers.  All three wore bright yellow hooded jumpsuits over their uniforms, with plastic shields covering their faces and blue latex gloves over heir hands.  
“Mister Braddock,” Prendick called out.  “I’m going to have to ask you to stop where you are.”
“What?” Bewildered, Andrew raised his hands hesitantly, a reflexive gesture even though no one had demanded it of him.  “What’s going on? What’s wrong?”
“I need you to come with these men,” Prendick replied.  The two armed soldiers forked out, each keeping wary distances from Andrew as they moved to either side of them.  
“Where? What’s going on?” Andrew asked again.  
“You’ve been exposed to a highly virulent strain of contagion.  By military protocol, I’m to confine you to your quarters until I’m able to determine whether or not you’ve been infected.”
“What protocol? You mean like quarantine?” Andrew asked.  “You’re placing me in quarantine? You can’t do that.  Suzette said all I had to do was take a shower.  Hey!” When one of the soldiers reached for him, he jerked away, brows furrowed.  “Where’s Dani? Where’s Specialist Santoro?”
“She’s been restricted to her personal quarters until further notice, as well,” Prendick said.  
“I want to talk to her.  I want to see her right now.”
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, Mister Braddock.  It’s for her own good and yours.  We need to make sure no one else gets sick.”
The soldiers stepped forward, grabbing him roughly, with enough force to prevent him from breaking free.  
“Hey,” Andrew exclaimed, struggling.  “Get your hands off me!”
“I’d prefer that you do this voluntarily, Mister Braddock,” Prendick said.  “But I’m authorized to confine you by force, if needed.”
“I said get your fucking hands off me,” Andrew yelled as the soldiers began to haul him down the corridor.  


CHAPTER TWENTY

As he was shoved unceremoniously into his room, Andrew stumbled and crashed to the floor, barking his knees.  “Hey,” he began, frowning, his fists bared as he scrambled up again, but it was too late.  The soldiers slammed the door in his face and he heard the tell-tale beep-beep-beep-beep as they locked it.  
It was a moot point and he knew it, but he tried punching in his own pass code anyway.  He wasn’t the least bit surprised when it didn’t work.  There was no way they’d have been that stupid,
With an angry, frustrated cry, he struck the door.  “Damn it!”
Spinning around, he shoved his back against the door, then folded his legs, sliding his spine down until his ass met the floor.  Shoving his fingers through his hair, he closed his eyes, tilted his head back.  
Great, he thought.  This is just great.  Now what the hell am I going to do? I can’t just sit here, twiddling my thumbs, waiting to see if I’m going to get sick.  I can’t leave Alice alone in that closet or Dani locked in her room downstairs.  There’s got to be a way out of this mess.  
He’d felt something in his pocket poking him in the hip when he’d sat down, and shifted his weight now as that uncomfortable pressure continued digging into his skin.  With a frown, he raised his hips, cramming his hand down his pocket, meaning to take out whatever was in there and hurl it across the room.  Instead, when he pulled out Dani’s key ring—with her Gerber multi-tool attached to the chain—he paused, cradling it against his palm.  
Less than three inches long, the Clutch had a little heft to it nonetheless and curious, he slipped his fingertip into the little grooves and notches, unfolding each of the miniature blades and implements in turn: needlenose pliers, a small knife, emery board, tweezers, flat head and Phillips head screwdrivers.  
“I love you, Dani Santoro,” he murmured even though she wasn’t around to hear.  Standing, he walked across the room to his window, shoving back the drapes to either side.  The top three-quarters were unblemished glass, a picture pane designed more for aesthetics than any sort of practicality.  But at the bottom, side by side, was a pair of casement windows.  Like pop-out quarter windows in older model cars, these were designed to open only as far as the hinge would extend when fully unfolded, roughly six inches.  It was a security feature Andrew had seen in both his college dormitory and hotel rooms, designed to prevent people from falling out.  
Frowning thoughtfully, he went to the bed and yanked back the bedspread, heaping it in heavy folds on the floor.  Working quickly, he stripped the bed sheet and bed spread from the mattress, then returned to the window and glanced down.  
What is that, a fifteen foot drop? Sixteen? he wondered, studying the parking lot, the landscaped perimeter between it and the building below.  If he estimated the distance from the vertex of his thumb to that of his elbow as one foot, he figured he could measure out the bed linens and cut them into strips to make a crude rope of about the right length to climb from his room to the ground.  
If I can get those casement windows open a little more, he thought.  Which, thanks to Dani, I just might be able to swing.  
He knelt in front of the window.  Working quickly, shooting nervous glances over his shoulder toward the door all the while, he used the multi-tool’s screwdriver implements to disassemble the hinge mechanism on one of the casement windows.  Once he was able to dislodge it fully from the sill, he could push the panel out wider, giving him another six or seven inches, little more than a foot through which to try and escape.  
I can fit, he thought, frowning again as he grabbed hold of the metal window frame and leaned out experimentally, shrugging his shoulders to squeeze through.  Barely.  This would be a hell of a lot easier if I was Dani’s size.  Or Alice’s.  
Ducking back inside, he set to work measuring out, then cutting thick strips from the sheet and bedspread, fettering them together in quick but secure double figure-eight, fisherman-style knots until he had a fairly sturdy rope assembled.  Next, he shoved the bed, mattress, box springs and all, against the far wall.  He secured his makeshift rope to the metal frame with a clove hitch knot.  Rather than anchoring it on one of the legs, instead, Andrew tied it around one of the thicker, weight-bearing transverse beams.  
Once finished, he stood up and stepped back, admiring his handiwork.  
There’s no way in hell this is going to work.  
But since the prospect of waiting around to burst into a virulent rash, along with grotesque nodules, was even less appealing than this, he muttered, “Fuck it,” then chucked the free end of the rope out the window, letting it droop almost fully to the ground.  
Turning around with his back to the glass, he knelt on all fours, then backed up to the open casement.  Slowly, carefully, he lowered himself past the sill, dropping his feet down the exterior wall.  Once he’d gone out far enough to be off-balance, he caught the sheet rope in his hands, grimacing at the sound of cheap thread counts snapping with his sudden weight.  
Back in his college years, he’d rappelled pretty frequently, one of many outdoor activities he’d enjoyed.  While by no means an expert, and of late, fairly rusty at the art, he still felt fairly confident that he could get down from the window.  If the line holds, he thought, not possessing this same faith in his rope-making ability.  
As he slowly lowered himself down, he tried to balance his weight between his arms, which quickly began to feel the brunt of the strain, and his feet, which he planted against the wall so he could walk, of a sort, down the outside façade.  The parking lot below was quiet and still, draped in alternating patches of stark glow and shadows from security lights, and Andrew felt very exposed and vulnerable as he dangled in perfectly plain sight of anyone who might happen to pass by.  Once he reached the ground, he managed a shaky, astonished laugh.  
Holy shit, I made it!
Then he realized there was no way to hide, disguise or remove the rope from the side of the building.  The bright white cotton sheets looked damn near aglow in the proscenium of nearby lights, like a neon sign, a big fat arrow pointing down, declaring, HE WENT THAT-A-WAY.  
Shit.  
But there was nothing to be done about it, unless he wanted to climb back up the way he’d gone down and somehow try to re-rig a line that would be both secure enough to get him to the ground, but loose enough to come undone once he got there.  
Not going to happen.  
Sticking to the shadows, he crept to the entrance of the compound building and ducked beneath the concrete overhang.  He glanced across the parking lot to the garage, wondering briefly if he should go and get Alice.  
No.  He shook his head.  She’s locked in that closet.  No one can get in, so she’s safe for the time being.  It’s Dani I need to worry about.  
Hunched over the entry key pad, he punched in his pass code, then frowned when the light remained red, the front doors locked.  
“Shit,” he said.  They’d locked him out of everything.  After a moment’s consideration, he laughed.  I know Moore’s code.  
Feeling triumphantly smug, he punched in one-zero, one-zero.  
Nothing happened.  
“What the hell?” he said, typing in the numbers again, moving slowly, making sure he pressed each key on the pad firmly inward.  
Still no luck.  Either Moore had figured out that Andrew was clued in on his personal code, or he’d changed it after discovering that Alice knew it, too.  With a groan, he stepped back, shoved his hand through his hair.  
Now what? He weighed his options.  Alice could crack the door code.  She’d figured out her father’s easily enough.  But if I get her, then she’s vulnerable again.  If she’s with me, she could get caught.  
He frowned, studying the key pad.  
Daddy always chooses binary numbers, using only zeroes or ones, Alice had told him.  He says they’re easier to remember.  
She’d said that meant Moore had only eight possible four-digit code combinations to choose from.  He’d already found out that the one she’d been using—one-zero, one-zero—no longer worked.  Which means there are only seven choices left, Andrew realized.  
Standing at the key pad again, he frowned.  I can do this, he thought.  I’ve got a Master’s degree, for Christ’s sake.  I can guess seven goddamn numbers.  
His finger hovered uncertainly over the zero, then he began to type.  Okay, he told himself.  The decimal system is a base-ten, meaning there are ten possible digits that can be combined, zero through nine.  Binary’s a base-two system, meaning every single number can be expressed only with the numerals one or zero.  When counting with decimals, when you get to nine, you move up to the next place value and start all over again at zero.  In binary, you do the same, except it happens when you get to one.  
How long ago had he learned this shit? Five years ago? Seven? Ten? He had no idea and struggled to recall.  When you get to one, you add a place value in.  So zero in decimal is zero in binary.  One in decimal is one in binary.  Two in decimal is one-zero in binary.  Three in decimal is one-one in binary.  Four is one-one-zero.  Which means…
Which meant there weren’t any four-digit binary numbers until you counted to eight, which in base-two was one-zero, zero-zero.  
Andrew punched this into the key pad.  The light remained red.  
Okay.  No problem.  Let’s try nine.  Which would be… He paused, frowning, trying to remember.  One-zero, zero-one.  
He typed this in.  The light stayed red.  The door stayed locked.  
“Shit,” he muttered.  This is taking too long.  Any minute now, someone’s going to walk through the foyer and see me.  
Binary ten had been Moore’s previous code—one-zero, one-zero—so Andrew skipped it now and moved on to eleven: one-zero, one-one.  
Still no luck.  
“Shit!” It was cold outside and he was wearing nothing but a T-shirt and sweat pants.  Goosebumps had raised all along his arms and he shivered, his breath huffing out in a thin, moist haze around his head.  
Twelve, then, he thought.  Let’s try twelve.  If eleven is one-oh, one-one, that means you move up a value, so it’s…
He struggled to think, then jammed his finger into the key pad.  One-one, zero-zero.  
So convinced that this sequence, too, wouldn’t work, he didn’t even realize at first that it had, that the light had turned green and the snact! he heard was actually the door unlocking.  After a moment of bewildered surprise, it sank in and with an incredulous laugh, he grabbed the door handle, swinging it open wide.  
He didn’t get more than three steps past the threshold, however, before an alarm claxon began to sound.  Shrill and pulsating, it ripped through the interior of the barracks and sent Andrew scrambling for cover, hands clapped to his ears.  “Shit!”
He could hear the heavy patter of footsteps, combat boots rushing toward him and down the stairs from the second floor.  Shit!
He thought of ducking back outside, then decided against it, running instead down the nearest corridor.  The footsteps behind him drew closer now, and panicked, he skidded to a stop at the first door he happened upon.  It was locked and he tugged frantically, futilely on the handle for a moment before remembering he’d cracked Moore’s access code.  
Managing a bark of humorless laughter at his own stupidity, he hurriedly punched the four digits into the key pad, jerked the door open wide and darted inside.  There was a small rectangular window near the top of the door, level with his view, and when a group of soldiers suddenly rushed past, responding to the alarm, Andrew shrank back.  He hit something behind him, something heavy, solid and apparently on wheels, because he slapped it with his hand then felt it roll away, sending him staggering backwards, off-balance.  
“Shit,” he yelped, then fell to the floor.  With a loud thunk, the thing he’d stumbled into—which he now realized was some kind of wheeled storage cart—hit a nearby counter, coming to a listing, inching halt.  
“You have activated the Head Start Heart Smart,” a tinny female voice suddenly chirped.  
What the hell? Andrew’s gaze darted back to the window, his heart jackhammering.  Scrambling to his feet, he rushed to the cart and found a machine, some kind of unfamiliar computer with a small display screen now aglow and alight.  
“Please follow the voice prompts provided for correct application and use of this electronic device,” the machine said.  
“Shit,” Andrew hissed.  There weren’t many buttons to choose from, and he began pushing them all quickly, frantically, shooting alarmed looks over his shoulder toward the door, sure at any moment, a soldier would pop into view, alerted by the clamor.  
“If you are near a telephone or have access to a cellular device, please call for emergency service now,” the mechanized woman’s voice said.  
“Shut up.” Andrew smacked it, grabbing at some wires dangling from the side, hoping one might be a power cord he could unplug and disable.  At the unattached end of each was a small, square-shaped pad, one with a bright red trim, the other bright yellow.  
“You have removed the Head Start Heart Smart cartridges.  Please review the on-screen diagram for appropriate placement and press the start button to begin the automatic assessment.”
“Shit, shit, shit.” Andrew picked the machine up, turned it this way and that, trying to find the on-off switch.  As he looked behind him again, he froze in bright, frightened panic to see a shadow in the doorway, the outline of a head peering up into the window.  
Shit! 
He scrambled around the side of cart and sat on the floor, holding the machine in his lap.  Now the voice was muffled against his stomach, but still audible.  
“You have disengaged the automatic assessment function.  Please select the joule level you would like to administer,” it mumbled into his shirt.  
“Shut up,” Andrew whispered, thumbing buttons, turning the solitary knob, trying anything.  On a small LED screen on top of the console, he watched numbers correspondingly fly up and down, from 25 to 10, then back to 50, then 110, then 200.  “Shut the fuck up.”
A wild look toward to door revealed a soldier peering through the window, and Andrew could hear the door rattling as he tried vainly to open it.  Miraculously, the machine fell silent and stayed that way, the vocal prompts muted.  Hugging it against his chest again, just to be sure, Andrew risked another glance at the window.  The soldier was gone.  
Sitting back, closing his eyes, daring to hope, Andrew waited.  One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi
At thirty-Mississippi, he knew the soldier had gone and heaved a sigh of relief.  Opening his eyes, he glowered down at the console in his lap.  No longer panic-stricken, he realized what it was—a cardiac defibrillator.  The irony that he’d damn near suffered a heart attack trying to get it to shut up wasn’t lost upon him.  
“Piece of shit,” he muttered, shoving it away from him, sending it sliding across the room, the red and yellow paddles trailing behind like the tails of a kite.  
Andrew limped to his feet and looked around, trying to get his bearings.  The overhead lights were off, but thin fluorescent tubes mounted beneath periodically positioned overhead cabinets cast dim puddles of pale glow on countertops and the floor.  He saw a suite of small examination rooms on one side, rows of supply shelves and medicine cabinets on another
The infirmary.  
Though he’d seen Prendick and the haz-mat clad soldiers leaving the infirmary shortly before being locked in his room, and Suzette had said she would bring O’Malley there on the wheeled stretcher, the area was strangely empty and quiet.  
Where did everybody go? Andrew crept forward, curious and cautious.  He picked his way across the infirmary, slipping in and among more carts and tables along the way.  Once he reached the examination rooms, he walked slowly down the row, pushing each door open and peering inside, flipping light switches on each in turn and frowning to find everything vacant.  
That doesn’t make any sense, he thought.  Suzette wouldn’t have ordered O’Malley back to his room.  He was way too bad off.  She’d have kept him here, where she could keep an eye on him, give him medical attention.  
Andrew stopped all at once, a peculiar, creeping chill stealing down the back of his neck.  You don’t need medical attention when you’re dead.  
“Shit,” he whispered, because he’d reached the end of the line, literally.  The last examination room was empty.  There was no one in the infirmary.  
He heard a loud clatter from behind him, the tinkling crash of broken glass as something large and heavy fell to the floor.  Andrew whirled, eyes flown wide.  
There was no further sound except the rush of his own frightened breathing.  Not at first, anyway.  Then he heard something moving through the shattered remnants of glass.  Out of his view around the nearest wall dividing the main infirmary from the exam rooms, it sounded distinctively like someone walking, or shuffling, more specifically, a heavy, clumsy, dragging sound.  
That soldier is back.  He must’ve gone to get the pass code, then come back.  
“Shit.” Andrew cut his eyes around quickly, catching sight of an empty IV stand in one of the exam rooms.  Leaning across the threshold, he grabbed it.  Twisting the chrome shaft between his palms, he unscrewed it, leaving the plastic base behind.  Warily, keeping the metal rod poised in his hands, he crept back toward the main area once more.  
He didn’t hear footsteps anymore, but a new sound had taken their place—a gurgling sound, soft and thick, like someone trying to breathe through a lungful of oatmeal.  It reminded him of the way O’Malley had sounded earlier that night, congested, nearly sodden.  Maybe this guy’s sick, too, he thought, visions of ebola and anthrax dancing in his head.  Maybe there’s been some kind of breach in Moore’s lab, that’s what the alarm’s about.  There’s some kind of outbreak they’re trying to contain.  
As he inched forward, ahead of him, he could see the expansive main room coming more and more into view.  Scattered pieces of broken glass, hundreds of shards, glittered in the faint light, winking like stars.  One of the fluorescents from somewhere out of view had started blinking on and off as if on the verge of burning out, a strobe-like effect bouncing off the floor tiles and walls.  
Then he heard something else, a quick, staccato-like flurry of sounds, sharp inhalations that made him think of a dog trying to scent the wind.  
Sniffing, he thought.  No—smelling.  Like something’s out there and it smells me.  
He’d reached the doorway, but didn’t venture past.  Instead, he pressed himself back against the wall.  He could feel fear-infused adrenaline coursing through him, causing his arms to tremble, his palms to sweat, slick against the chrome IV stand.  
He heard another shambling step, a coarse dragging sound, the muffled tinkling of glass crunching under foot.  He leaned forward enough to still have the cover and protection of the doorway, but peek into the room beyond.  Though he couldn’t look back in the direction of the sound, ahead of him, he could see another wheeled cart.  Waist-high and square shaped, its sides were made of polished steel, and though its reflective quality was anything but mirror-perfect, through it, he caught sight of a figure outlined in silhouette against the backdrop of the flashing, pulsating light.  
Shit.  Andrew drew back, pressing into the wall again.  It was the soldier he’d seen looking through the window in the door.  It had to be.  Who else could it be? he thought.  I don’t think anyone was here when I first got inside.  I didn’t see anyone.  And who’d be sitting in the infirmary in the dark, all alone?
If it was the same soldier who’d peered in through the window, then he didn’t know Andrew was there.  Not with any certainty.  
Which means I can get the jump on him.  Andrew adjusted his grip on the IV pole, readying himself.  One end of it tapered down to a threaded, three-inch long prong where it had screwed into the base and the other forked in a T, twin hooks where bags of intravenous fluid or medicine could be attached.  Andrew raised this end back in his hands, ready to swing around like a Louisville Slugger and drive it squarely into the soldier’s head.  He took a deep breath, let it loose, then leapt from around the doorway.  
Only it wasn’t a soldier on the other side, at least not the sort Andrew had been expecting.  What stood before him in the infirmary didn’t even register as human at first in Andrew’s brain, and he shrank back, his arms drooping to his sides, holding the IV stand with limp-wristed impotence.  
It was shaped like a man, upright and bipedal.  From there, most other resemblance ended.  Grotesquely deformed, its flesh seemed to have erupted, enormous overlapping tumors stacked thickly one atop the other, protruding from nearly every visible inch.  So violently had these growths occurred, they had actually ripped through the skin in places, peeling it back in broad swaths, leaving behind panels of red, raw, exposed meat and tendons.  Its facial features had nearly been obliterated by the disfiguring growths, and its bald scalp had split open and retracted, the skull bulging out on one side like something beneath had swelled to near bursting.  What remained of its skin was slick with pus and blood, both of which oozed, greasy and glistening, from the lumps and cysts covering its form.  
It was a mottled pair of fatigue pants and combat boots it wore that finally gave it away.  
“Jesus Christ,” Andrew gasped, shocked, horrified.  “O’Malley?”
When the deformed man in front of him moved his head, following the sound of Andrew’s voice, there was a moist, sickening, slippery sound, muscles and ligaments moving.  Again he heard sniffing, canine-like and loud.  
“Corporal O’Malley?” Andrew asked, his voice little more than a stunned, disbelieving croak.  “Is that you?”
O’Malley stepped toward him, his heavy boots falling loudly against the floor, his right leg dragging behind him, as if injured or maimed.  
“It’s Andrew Braddock,” Andrew said, obligingly stepping back, hoisting the IV stand again, leveling it protectively in front of him.  “Remember? Just-Andrew.”
The rational part of his mind, usually so calm and collected, was nowhere to be found.  In its place was something shrill and panic-stricken.  What’s wrong with him? Jesus Christ, what happened to his skin?
“You’re sick,” he said, inching sideways, trying to ease his way behind a nearby cart and use it as a crude barrier between himself and O’Malley.  “You…oh, God, you’re in bad shape, man.  Let me go get Dr. Montgomery.  She can help.”
O’Malley’s head whipped on his neck again, his entire body pivoting, squaring off in his direction.  Baring his teeth in a vicious grin, he hissed like a cat, sending a spray of spittle flying from the loose skin of his lips.  
He can’t see, Andrew realized.  In Dani’s room earlier that night, he’d noticed how the nodules on O’Malley’s face had swelled around his eyes, nearly sealing them shut.  It’s happened all the way, then, when those growths on his head spread.  He’s tracking me, but not by sight—with his sense of smell, his ears.  
If O’Malley couldn’t see, Andrew knew he might stand a chance of reaching the door, getting out of there without his notice.  But when he took a step in that direction, O’Malley hissed again, aware enough of his footsteps to be alerted by the sound.  
“Listen to me,” Andrew said.  “Dani’s worried about you.  She’s right down the hallway.  Let me get her.  Let me get Dr. Montgomery.”
He had no intention, of course, of bringing Dani anywhere near the grotesque thing now shambling in his direction.  The shock alone at seeing what had happened to her friend would probably have killed her.  But he had to say something, anything to try and reason with him.  
It’s still O’Malley, Dani’s friend.  He’s a good guy and he’s still in there somewhere, no matter what’s happening to his body.  He has to be.  
Because the alternative was too horrifying to even consider.  
“You’re sick, Thomas.  I just want to help you.” Without abandoning the IV stand, his only semblance of a weapon, Andrew shut up and stepped again toward the door, this time quietly enough to not attract O’Malley’s notice.  
As he moved, O’Malley hunkered down to the ground, panning his head this way and that in a sweeping arc, uttering those loud snuffling sounds again.  Morbidly curious, disgusted but fascinated, Andrew paused, watching.  O’Malley’s movements were primitive, nearly bestial.  Using his arms for forelegs, O’Malley scuttled forward, quick and spider-like, tracking Andrew to the cart, then pausing there, sniffing curiously.  
He turned his face toward Andrew, and for a moment, Andrew could have sworn that he could see him somehow, that he knew who Andrew was.  
“O’Malley?” he whispered.  “Are you in there?”
O’Malley sprang at him, moving so fast, Andrew had no time to recoil or fight back.  He barely even had time to cry out before O’Malley slammed into him, plowing him off his feet and sending him sprawling to the floor.  His voice cut short in a breathless whoof! as the wind got knocked from his lungs and he smacked the back of his head against the tiles hard enough to leave him seeing spots of light twinkling in front of his eyes.  
In a flash, O’Malley lunged at him, snapping his teeth directly at Andrew’s face.  When he’d landed, Andrew had managed to wedge the IV pole between them laterally, and wrenched it up now in front of his face so the bite—meant for his head—sank instead around the metal shaft.  O’Malley reared back, straddling Andrew, and shook his head like a Rottweiler shaking off a dousing of water, trying to wrestle the pole away.  
Andrew swung the right side of the IV stand around, ripping it loose from O’Malley’s mouth and slamming the T-junction into his head.  O’Malley fell sideways and Andrew scrambled backwards, flipping himself over, hurrying to his feet.  He felt O’Malley’s hands slap and paw for purchase on his pant legs, his ankles, then slip away as he bolted for the infirmary door.  
Though he reached it, he heard the thunder of footsteps in heavy pursuit, felt the thrumming in the floor beneath him as O’Malley approached, and he whirled, again swinging the IV stand.  This time, O’Malley ducked around the blow and grabbed the shaft.  He jerked against the pole, incredibly strong, and Andrew heard a sharp, metallic snap as it broke in two.  He staggered back, blinking in wide-eyed, stricken shock at the severed remnant of metal in his hand.  
Oh, shit.  
O’Malley seized him by the throat, clamping down with a powerful ferocity that made Moore’s earlier stranglehold seem now like a snuggle.  Andrew gulped, jerked off his feet and into O’Malley’s face, close enough to feel the sharp, moist huff of his breath, close enough so that when he bared his teeth and hissed again, droplets of mucous and spit peppered his cheeks.  
“O’Malley,” Andrew gasped, pawing at the iron-like grip on his throat.  “Please!”
O’Malley threw him like a rag doll, sending him sailing across the room.  With a rush of wind in his ears, Andrew slammed into the far wall.  He fell the floor in a shuddering heap, panting for breath.  Forcing himself to move, he stumbled to his feet, clutching his broken piece of IV stand in hand.  
What do I do? Andrew forced his lips together in a tight seal, muffling his ragged gasps.  He tried to be quiet, limping sideways, following the counter, cabinets and wall back toward the door while O’Malley, crouched again and dog-like, sniffed the floor and drew closer to his side of the infirmary.  
What do I do? What the fuck do I do? Andrew panned a quick, frantic gaze around him.  On one of the counters, he saw glass jars neatly arranged, some filled with cotton balls, others filled with paper-wrapped swabs and others filled with wooden tongue depressors.  He inched toward these now, reaching out and slowly raising the metal lid from this last jar.  It made a soft, nearly imperceptible scraping sound as the threaded grooves in the lid brushed the glass lip of the jar, but it was enough to attract O’Malley’s attention.  Cat-like, he leaped, collapsing the distance between him and Andrew to less than three feet as he landed on all fours, hunkered near the floor, the bulbous, swollen mass of his nose twitching as he sniffed.  
Holding his breath, frightened that the racing, pounding cadence of his heart would be enough to further alert him, Andrew dipped his free hand into the glass jar, curling his fingers around a cluster of tongue depressors.  He eased them out then cut his gaze across the room, away from the door.  With a deliberate flick of his wrist, he tossed one of the wooden sticks, sending it flipping end over end into the shadows.  It hit the floor, skittered and spun, and O’Malley’s head snapped around to follow the noise.  Again moving with preternatural, impossible speed, he darted across the room.  
For each step Andrew took toward the door, he chucked another tongue depressor, luring O’Malley away from him, driving him to the opposite end of the infirmary.  Just when he thought he was nearly home free, well within five easy strides of the door, he turned around, meaning to risk it and dart to the threshold, punch in his code and escape.  Instead, he stumbled headlong into the same goddamn crash cart he’d tripped over on his way into the room, and as he fell, first against the defibrillator console, then to the floor, its little computer screen reactivated, its tinny voice loud and shrill.  
“You have activated the Head Start Heart Smart.”
Shit, Andrew thought, scrambling to his feet as O’Malley wheeled toward the sound.  Shit, shit, shit!
He ran for the door just as O’Malley charged, swinging his arms, plowing aside medical carts, shelves, anything and everything in his way.  What he couldn’t knock away, he clambered over with terrifying speed and ease.  
“Please follow the voice prompts provided for correct application and use of this electronic device,” the defibrillator said, milliseconds before O’Malley tackled the crash cart, sending it toppling to the floor.  
As O’Malley grappled with the machine, tangled now in the cables connecting it to the red and yellow pads, Andrew reached the door.  Oh, Jesus, he thought, pushing his hair out of his face, struggling to remember.  What the fuck was the code? Was it one-zero, one-zero?
He punched this in before realizing this had been Moore’s old code, not the new one.  “Fuck,” he hissed, then tried again.  He was frightened and panicked, his hand shaking, and for the life of him, he couldn’t remember the goddamn pass code.  From behind him, he heard O’Malley thrashing, scrambling to his feet.  
One-zero, zero-one.  
He typed this in.  The light stayed red.  The door stayed locked.  
“Fuck,” Andrew cried.  Balling his fist, he beat against the window.  “Somebody help me,” he screamed.  “Get me out of here!”
He felt the floor beneath him shudder, O’Malley’s footsteps thunderous as he charged and Andrew whirled, clasping the ruined IV stand in his hands, shoving the threaded tip out ahead of him in feeble self-defense.  When O’Malley barreled into him, the shaft caught him just beneath the sternum, punching into the vulnerable meat of his midriff.  O’Malley’s own forward momentum drove it through him, impaling himself.  A hot splash of blood flew back, soaking Andrew’s hands, his arms, slapping him in the face, and for a moment, he and O’Malley stood together, close enough to kiss, both of them leaning heavily, drunkenly against each other.  
“O’Malley,” Andrew whispered, horrified, helpless.  He turned loose of the shaft and O’Malley floundered backwards, wrapping his hands around the metal rod protruding from his chest.  It was slick and he fumbled for purchase, pawing at it, uttering sodden, slobbering sounds like a cat trying to work a hair ball loose from its gullet.  His efforts were hampered by the defibrillator.  Somehow his arms had become entangled in the cords, the adhesive patches stuck to his skin and the console dragged behind him on the floor, bouncing and scraping along, its mechanized tutelage still rambling on, unabated:
“Please verify that the Head Start Heart Smart cartridges are correctly positioned on the victim’s bare torso and have not been applied over the nipples, any medication patches or implanted devices.”
Andrew watched, shocked and astonished, as O’Malley began easing the broken metal shaft from his torso, sliding it out centimeter by centimeter, panting heavily all the while.  
Oh, shit, he thought, because at first he’d thought O’Malley had retreated because he’d been mortally wounded, that he’d fallen back because he’d been about to collapse, just like any normal human being with a rod through their torso would have done.  But judging by the fact that O’Malley spared a vicious grin, a menacing, spittle-laced snarl in his direction, the shaft nearly yanked in full from his chest, Andrew understood he was about to be in for a serious world of hurt.  
“Shit.” He spun back around to the door and punched again into the key pad.  One-zero, zero-one.  
The light stayed red.  
“What’s the fucking code?” he screamed.  He would have beat his head into the door had he the time.  Four digits, binary code, seven options.  It wasn’t ten.  It wasn’t eleven.  
“Twelve,” he whispered, eyes flying wide.  “Twelve.  The pass code’s twelve.”
He reached out to punch it in—one-one, zero-zero—and felt O’Malley’s hand, heavy and bloody, clamp against his shoulder.  As he was whirled violently around to face O’Malley, then slammed back into the door with enough force to splinter the window behind his head in a network of thin, spiderweb-like fissures, he balled his hand into a fist.  
“Get off me,” he yelled, punching O’Malley in the face.  It felt as if he’d just socked a side of raw beef, one that had been left out to hang in the sun for awhile on a hot summer afternoon.  Wet and spongy, the flesh yielded beneath his knuckles, squelching between his fingers.  Even though it seemed to stun O’Malley momentarily, he kept hold of Andrew’s shirt, and with another furious cry, Andrew punched him again.  
“Let go of me,” he shouted, hitting him again and again, driving O’Malley back.  He could feel those nasty pustules and nodules bursting with every blow.  Firm beneath the skin, upon impact, they would pop like overripe melons or overfilled water balloons, squirting pus and blood, thick and hot, against his hands, onto his arms.  
“Let go,” Andrew yelled, his voice dissolving into an inarticulate, furious garble of sounds as he drove O’Malley away from him.  O’Malley stumbled then fell, landing hard against the defibrillator console.  
“Defibrillation initialized,” the machine said.  “Clear the patient.”
It wasn’t like on TV.  There were no sparks as the electrical current surged.  No resounding thump! No violent heaving as the affected body became a living, breathing power conduit.  The affected body in question was that of O’Malley, and he simply twitched when two hundred joules of electricity surged into his body, lancing up and down the metal IV stand protruding from his chest as it might have a lightning rod.  He twitched once, then twice, then pitched sideways, landing with a wet plop! against the infirmary floor.  
“Defibrillation complete,” the machine said.  “Please continue administering CPR until emergency personnel have arrived.”
“Oh, Jesus,” Andrew hiccupped, watching in horrified fascination as a thin tendril of smoke snaked up from O’Malley’s chest, the place where the IV stand had run him through and the electrified metal had burned him.  With it came a strange smell, almost like frying bacon, and with a nauseated gulp, Andrew whirled around to face the door again.  “Twelve,” he muttered, his finger shaking as he reached for the key pad.  “The pass code is twelve.”
Which, when translated into base-two, was one-one, zero-zero.  
He wrenched the door open when the light shifted to green, then yanked it closed behind him.  Leaning heavily against it, he closed his eyes and struggled to control the heavy shuddering that shook him from head to toe.  


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Despite Andrew’s screaming, his less-than-subtle escape from the infirmary, no soldiers came to investigate, which shocked the glorious living shit out of him.  Even more ominous, there was no answer when he knocked frantically on Dani’s door.  
“Dani?” He tried the knob, but it was locked.  “Are you in there? It’s Andrew.”
He rammed his shoulder into the door once, twice, three times unsuccessfully, then decided battering wasn’t such a great option.  Not only was it not working, but it was loud as hell to boot in the otherwise silent, empty hall.  Then he remembered Moore’s pass code.  
He let himself into my room earlier tonight, he thought.  Maybe it’s a master code, sort of like a skeleton key that lets him bypass anybody else’s.  
Figuring it was worth a shot, he punched it into Dani’s key pad.  One-one, zero-zero.  To his pleasant surprise—the first of few in as many hours—the red light turned green.  
“Dani?” Pushing the door open wide, he hurried inside.  The smell of O’Malley’s vomit lingered, thick in the air, and he drew his hand to his mouth and nose, grimacing.  “Dani? Are you in here?”
He glanced into the bathroom, then once more into the bedroom to be sure it was all empty.  Then he left, closing the door behind him to block out that horrible stink, and frowned.  
Where is she?
“I took her.”
Andrew whirled, startled, at Edward Moore’s voice.  The older man walked down the corridor toward him.  He had his pistol in his hand, and this time, when he raised his arm parallel to the floor, drawing aim on Andrew’s head, Andrew doubted any semblance of rational self-control would stay his trigger finger.  
“Where’s Dani?” he asked.  “You son of a bitch, if you’ve hurt her…”
Moore drew back the hammer on the nine-millimeter with an audible, ominous click! “I don’t believe you’re in any position to be threatening me, Mister Braddock.”
Conceding, Andrew lifted his hands.  “Where’s Dani?” he asked again, his voice softer now, pleading.  “Where have you taken her?”
Moore studied him down the line of his gun sight for a moment, then said, “My lab.”
“Why?” Andrew asked.  
“To make her tell me where my daughter is,” Moore said, closing the distance between them first to mere feet, then inches.  “To make her tell me what you’ve done to Alice.”
“I haven’t done anything to her,” Andrew said.  
“Liar.” Moore pistol-whipped him, smashing the gun barrel into the side Andrew’s head.  The impact left him staggering sideways, then crashing to his knees, breathless and dazed.  
Moore planted his foot against the base of Andrew’s spine and forced him down onto his belly, his shoe heel digging brutally into Andrew’s kidney.  Cramming the pistol barrel against Andrew’s temple, he seethed: “Tell me where Alice is.  Tell me right goddamn now, or so help me, I’ll—”
“Daddy, no!”
There she is, Andrew thought, recognizing Alice’s voice even as his mind abandoned him and he passed out.  She’s right…behind you.  

“Hey, Germ.”
In his mind, he could hear Beth’s voice, could see his sister in her hospital bed, with death so close and pervasive a thing, it had changed the way the air in the room had smelled to him, felt against his skin.  
“Hey, Bess,” he’d replied, because he’d been able to see it in her face, the gaunt frailty there, her ashen complexion.  The shadow of death.  That’s what he had thought of when he’d seen her face, her pallor.  Wasn’t that something out of the Bible? 
Beth had started to cry, the brave façade she’d affected for their parents crumbling while alone with her brother.  Her eyes had flooded, her tears rolling down her cheeks, and her bottom lip had quavered, her voice growing choked and strained.  
“I’m scared,” she’d whispered, and he’d leaned over, letting her coil her reed-thin arms around his neck and cling to him, shaking as she’d wept.  
“Don’t cry, Beth,” he’d breathed, even as his own tears had welled up and fallen.  “Please don’t cry.”
****
He opened his eyes, disoriented for a moment, so certain that the dampness of his face, the warmth of tears had come from his dead sister that her name lay poised on his tongue.  
Beth.  
Instead he looked up at Alice as she leaned over him, her dark hair spilling in cascade of tangled waves over either shoulder to frame his face.  Her pale cheeks glistened with tears, her slim body trembled and her lips quavered as she hiccupped for breath.  
“Get away from him.” Moore snatched his daughter by the sleeve, dragging her backward.  
“But, Daddy,” Alice began in protest.  
“He’s dangerous,” Moore said.  As he spun her around to face him, his expression shifted from murderous rage to sudden, inexplicable shock.  “You’re crying.”
“I am?” Seeming as shocked as her father, Alice blinked, her hands fluttering up to her face.  “I am,” she gasped, then began to laugh, as if delighted by the tears she felt on her cheeks.  “Daddy, look, look at me! Look!”
Andrew sat up, grimacing as he cupped his hand gingerly over the swollen, bloody knot on his temple where the pistol had caught him.  “I’m not dangerous,” he growled at Moore.  “You’re the one who hit me.”
 “And you’re the one who burned my house to the ground,” Moore snapped, pointing the gun at him again.  “A woman died in that fire, you son of a bitch.  A good woman who was my friend, a better mother to Alice than her own has ever been.  You had no goddamn right…”
There was more, but in his dazed state, it took Andrew a moment to process.  “What?” He shook his head.  “Wait a minute.  You…you think…?”
Somebody firebombed his house, Suzette’s voice echoed in his mind.  They think it might have been a group of animal rights zealots.  PACA, I think they’re called.  People Against Cruelty to Animals.  
“You think I had something to do with that?” he asked Moore, stricken.  “You think I’m part of that group, PACA?”
“What else would you be doing here?” Moore demanded.  
“I’ve told you.  I was working out here.  I don’t know anything about your house or this PACA organization.  All I know is what Suzette told me.  I’m sorry that happened.  I’m sorry Alice’s nurse died, but I didn’t have anything to do with it.  Why the hell would you think that?”
From outside, they heard a sharp, sudden burst of automatic gunfire, followed by another, then another.  Overlapping these came a sudden, reverberating shriek from somewhere out in the forest, an agonized scream that, like the gunshots, quickly echoed again and again.  
“What the—?” Andrew turned to the nearest window, startled.  
“He sent the soldiers into the woods a little while ago,” Alice whispered, eyes enormous with fright.  “He told them you were out there, that you were dangerous, Andrew.” Stricken and trembling, she said, “He told them to kill you.”
“What?” Andrew asked.  “Who said that, Alice?”
He knew, of course.  With a sinking feeling, he knew what she’d say even before she opened her mouth.  “Major Prendick.  He’s the one who told Daddy you set the fire that killed Martha.”
“Alice, stop it,” Moore said.  He reached for her, but she shrugged him away, scurrying to Andrew.  
“He told Daddy if he let you leave, you’d bring the others back.  The PACA people.”
“Alice,” Moore said, but Andrew stood, blocking his path, positioning himself between father and daughter.  
“He said you’d try to hurt us again—hurt me again—like they did in Boston when they killed Martha,” Alice whispered, curling her fingers anxiously against his shirt.  
Oh, Jesus, no wonder Moore hates me, Andrew thought in dismay.  No wonder he’s had it out for me all along.  
“I’d never hurt you,” he said to Alice.  “Either of you.” 
“I know,” she replied.  “But Daddy believed Major Prendick.  The soldiers did, too.  Now they’re out there looking for you.  And they’re all going to die.”
Andrew turned to Moore.  “What’s out there with them?”
The older man didn’t answer, simply stood there and angry, Andrew marched toward him.  “What the hell is out in the woods?” 
He reached out, jerking the gun from Moore’s grasp.  With a frown, Moore moved to snatch it back, and they tussled together, grappling over the pistol, staggering and stumbling in wide, clumsy circles.  
“Andrew, no! Please!” Shoving her way between them, Alice held out her hands like a school crossing guard, tearful and pleading.  “Both of you, please stop!”
In that moment, the lights overhead made a strange sort of noise, like the snap-crackle-pop! from old Rice Krispies cereal commercials, then, with a staccato flickering, they abruptly went dark both inside and out, plunging the entire compound into darkness.  
Alice cried out, a confused and frightened mewl, and Andrew felt her press herself against his side, trembling beneath the shelter of his arm.  
“What happened to the lights?” he asked Moore, tightening his grip on the gun lest the doctor use the opportunity to try and wrestle it from him.  
“They knocked them out,” Alice whispered from beside him.  “They must’ve killed all the soldiers and now they’re coming for us.”
“Who did?” Andrew asked, again directing the question not to her, but to her father.  “Who’s coming?”
When Moore cut his eyes briefly away, back down the hall in the direction of the infirmary, Andrew felt a sinking, sickening horror because he knew.  
The screamers.  
****
Andrew ordered Moore to take him to the lab to get Dani.  
“You don’t want to do that,” Moore had said, just as another patter of gunfire echoed from deep in the woods.  The sounds had grown sporadic, nearly disappearing in full, and Andrew was of the frame of mind this was not a good thing.  
“Yes, I do.” Andrew had gestured demonstratively with the gun in response.  
“We can barricade ourselves in here,” Moore had said.  “Even without the power.  We’ve got food, potable water, enough so that we—”
“I said we’re going to the lab.” Andrew had mashed the barrel of the pistol into Moore’s nose, flattening it.  “Now.”
As it had been earlier, when Andrew had trekked out in search of O’Malley, the woods around them lay heavy, still and silent, unnaturally so.  Even the wind seemed to have gone dormant and the air felt cold and thick around them, seeping through their clothes and skin, sinking deep into their bones with an unsettling chill.  
Andrew tried to do some quick math in his head, in spite of his mounting panic and the fact his senses were still somewhat reeling from where he had been struck with the gun.  How many soldiers did Prendick send out into the forest? There were twenty-four to start with, Dani told me, less seven from Alpha Squad, and Lieutenant Carter, who were all shipped home.  That makes sixteen, then minus one for Prendick, another O’Malley and Dani…
“Twelve,” Alice whispered to him.  He hadn’t realized he’d been thinking out loud until her quiet voice interrupted him.  “Prendick sent twelve soldiers into the woods.”
When Moore tried to take Alice by the hand so she’d walk with him, Andrew pulled her protectively behind him.  “She’s with me.”
“I don’t trust you with my daughter.” Moore’s voice was tight and clipped, his eyes narrowed into slits.  
“Yeah? I don’t trust you period,” Andrew shot back.  
They reached the house of pain, the main door, and Andrew held the gun out, his finger poised against the trigger.  “Open it.”
“I can’t,” Moore replied.  “With the power out, the building is sealed.”
Swinging the gun away from Moore’s head, Andrew aimed for the center of the plate glass door.  It was tempered, but not bullet-proof, and when Andrew squeezed the trigger, sending out a sharp, booming report, it punched a single hole, no bigger than a silver dollar, through the center of the heavy pane, with a spider web of cracks and fragments—thousands of splinters and shards—spreading out in a broad circumference.  
The recoil from the pistol shot shuddered through Andrew’s hand, up his arm and into his shoulder, nearly staggering him.  Alice had tucked her face into his side at the thunderous shot, hands clamped to her ears, her entire body rigid.  She looked up, remaining huddled next to him, coughing on the acrid gun smoke that lingered in a thin haze.  
Cringing, shoulders hunched, Moore blinked at Andrew in wide-eyed aghast.  “You’re crazy,” he gasped.  
“I’m getting there,” Andrew agreed, motioning with the gun.  “Now help me kick that glass out.  Come on.”
****
The entire building was silent, save for the quiet crunch of their footsteps in broken glass and the quiet, insectile buzz of emergency lights sporadically recessed in the ceiling.  Running off limited battery power alone, these cast pale splotches of glow in narrow circumferences, lining their path like a dot-to-dot puzzle in a kids’ activity book.  
“Which way?” Andrew asked.  
“I locked her in my office,” Moore replied.  
Good, Andrew thought.  He’d been to Moore’s office before and still had a dim recollection of the way.  Hopefully enough so that I’ll know if he tries any tricks, takes me anyplace else but there.  
“Move.” He waved the gun again.  “Go.”
With a glower, Moore started off, Andrew and Alice trailing behind him.  “You’re not going to shoot me,” Moore said.  “Not in front of Alice.”
“You sure about that?” Andrew asked and he fired the gun again, sending a round into the drywall.  The gun shot was deafening in the confined quarters of the hallway and Alice screeched in frightened surprise.  Moore whirled, wide-eyed with alarm.  
“I’m crazy, remember?” Andrew said to him.  “Your words, not mine.”
Moore glared at him.  “You’re wasting your bullets,” he said at length through his teeth, bristling as he turned and started to walk again.  
They ventured deep into the darkened building for ten minutes.  When Andrew had been locked inside by himself, trying to find an exit, he’d easily gotten lost because all of the corridors had looked alike to him.  Without the overhead glow of numerous fluorescents and only the dim light of the emergency bulbs to guide them, they were even more confusing.  So much so, that when Moore drew abruptly to a halt in front of him, Andrew had no idea if it was because they’d reached his office or not.  For all he knew, they could have backtracked to the exact spot they’d started from and he wouldn’t have been able to tell the difference.  
“What is it?” he asked.  “Why did you…”
His voice faded as he heard a noise in front of them, emanating from one of the dark, shadow-draped spaces between the faint circumferences of emergency light.  
“…stop?” he finished clumsily, because he recognized the wet snuffling, like the jowls of a water-logged bloodhound dragging against the floor while it tried to pick up a scent.  O’Malley had made a sound like that because that’s exactly what he’d been doing, trying to smell Andrew in the infirmary.  
Shit, he thought.  
“Shit,” Moore whispered, backpedaling.  Apparently the prospect of Andrew and his pistol didn’t intimidate him as much as whatever lay ahead of them in the hallway, and that fact alone raised the hairs along the nape of Andrew’s neck all the more uneasily.  
Shit, he thought again.  
“Shoot the heart,” Moore hissed at him.  
Andrew cut him a glance.  “What?” Then out of the corner of his gaze, he saw movement, and looked back down the corridor in time to see something step out of the shadows, emerging slowly into nearest proscenium of light.  
Ashen and nude, the creature’s neck was indistinguishable from its broad shoulders and hunchbacked spine thanks to bulbous, swollen growths that had erupted from its skin.  Like O’Malley, these tumors had threatened to cover its face and upper torso.  However, unlike O’Malley, the growths had overtaken its forearms and hands, covering them in heavy layers of swollen nodules and scaly, wart-like growths, almost like tree bark.  Its fingers had fused together, leaving it with three unnaturally elongated, talon-like claws.  Beneath the surface of its pale flesh, a tangled network of prominent veins were visible, blood vessels that pulsated and throbbed like live snakes or eels.  
“A screamer,” Alice whispered, trembling as she shied behind her father’s hip, her fingers clutching anxiously at his shirt tail.  
The screamer saw them and hunkered down, its grotesquely distended hands dropping to the floor like paws.  Its brows furrowed, its eyes red-rimmed and shadow-draped, and its lips pulled back as it bared its teeth.  
“Shoot the heart,” Moore said again, then when the creature sprang at them, leaping from the ground with impossible, cat-like speed and fluidity, he screamed it out, snatching Alice by the hand and scrambling backwards.  “Shoot the heart! For God’s sake, shoot it in the heart!”
Andrew shot it in the head instead, and it snapped in mid-air like a puppet with its strings abruptly cut.  A thin arc of blood trailed behind it as it crashed to the floor, landing spread-eagle on its back, more blood pooling around its head in a widening circumference.  
Keeping his gun arm extended, though shaky, Andrew inched toward it, fanning his free hand in front of his face and blinking against reflexive tears as the pungent smoke waned.  
“Did you hit it?” Moore asked, little more than a croak from behind him.  
Andrew nodded, glancing back at him.  Moore held Alice in a fierce embraced, shied against the wall, both of them wide-eyed with frightened shock.  
“In the heart?” Moore asked.  
Andrew looked down at the screamer, close enough to take it fully into view.  The bullet had taken out a broad, meaty swath from its cheek and jaw, peeling back flesh to leave underlying muscles, tendons and bones all starkly revealed.  From there, it had punched deep into the skull, leaving behind a bloody, spongy channel, before apparently exiting the opposite side.  
“Did you shoot it in the heart?” Moore asked again.  
Letting the gun fall limply to his side, Andrew squatted beside it.  This was one of the soldiers, he thought.  Despite its grotesque appearance, it hadn’t been some sort of horror movie monster.  Like O’Malley, it had been somebody’s husband or son, a living, breathing human being.  
And I killed him, Andrew thought, feeling sick.  
“Did you shoot it in the heart?” Moore screamed, and Andrew looked back at him, startled by both his persistence and vehemence.  
“No,” he snapped, scowling as he stood.  “I shot it in the head, took out about half its skull from the looks of things.  I think that’s going to do the goddamn trick.”
Alice ripped herself loose from her father’s embrace, hands outstretched as she shrieked.  “Andrew, look out!”
He pivoted, surprised and bewildered, and the screamer tackled him, sending him crashing to the ground.  It had scrambled up from its supine position so quickly and silently, Andrew hadn’t even suspected.  Now it landed against him heavily, knocking the breath from him, plowing his head soundly into the floor.  In an instant, it had him pinned, one of its enormous, misshapen hands mashed against his face, craning his cheek toward the floor, leaving his throat vulnerably exposed.  He’d dropped the gun and could see it on the ground in front of him.  It had skittered just out of his reach, and beyond that, pressed in horror against the far wall, he saw Alice.  
Oh, God, it’s going to kill me right in front of her, he thought in a moment of sheer, blind terror.  Oh, God, Alice, don’t look!
“Andrew!” she screamed, rushing forward, shrugging loose as Moore tried to grab her, restrain her.  
“Alice, no,” he cried out, hoarse and stricken.  
“Leave him alone,” Alice shouted, then Moore hooked her by the sleeve and whipped her smartly around, grabbing her again.  It was too late, however.  Distracted by Alice’s movement, her cries, the screamer scrambled off of Andrew and toward Moore and his daughter.  
Moore’s eyes cut frantically about as he searched for any semblance of a weapon.  “Here,” he called out.  He pushed Alice into a corner, then stepped away in a broad stride, holding his arms out, waving them madly, capturing the screamer’s attention instantly.  “Here,” he shouted again, backing down the corridor, trying to lead it away.  “Here I am.  Come and get me.  Come on.”
“Daddy,” Alice mewled, clapping her hands to her face.  When the screamer lunged at Moore, forcing him to turn and run, she screamed more loudly.  “Daddy!”
The screamer was fast, impossibly so, and Andrew stumbled to his feet, snatching the fallen pistol off the floor.  Though Moore cut a frantic, zig-zagging path down the hall, the creature stayed straight on course, bee-lining for him, and when Andrew squeezed the trigger, the bullet plowed into the meat of its shoulder, spinning it wildly, knocking it off its feet.  
In a flash, it was upright again, whirling about and charging back at Andrew, using its deformed hands and feet to break into a wide, frenzied gallop.  Andrew staggered backward, keeping the gun raised.  
“Shoot the heart,” Moore cried out, and when the screamer leaped at Andrew, hands outstretched, it left its upper torso a wide-open, vulnerably exposed target.  Andrew’s index finger flexed inward, and again, the pistol bucked against his palm.  This time, when the bullet dropped the creature, it stayed down.  
“Jesus,” Andrew whispered, shuddering as he stumbled back into the wall for support.  He couldn’t bring himself to lower the gun and stood there, arms outstretched, shaking like a leaf.  
“Daddy!” Alice flew down the hallway into Moore’s arms.  
He scooped her up, letting her legs lock around his waist, her arms around his neck as he hoisted her to his chest.  Looking past the tangled mess of her hair, he said to Andrew, “Did you get it this time?”
Limping forward, cautious, Andrew prodded the fallen screamer with his foot, turning it onto its back.  He could see the bullet’s point of impact left of the sternum, the putty-colored flesh puckered in and peeled back around the sunken, bloody crater.  
“Yeah.” At last, his arms drooped and he turned, meeting Moore’s gaze.  “I got it.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“We need to keep moving,” Moore said grimly.  Obviously not trusting Andrew at his word this time, he’d checked out the dead screamer personally, satisfying himself that the nine-millimeter slug had indeed punctured its heart.  Standing, he wiped his hands on his pant legs, then reached for Alice.  
“What the hell was that?” Andrew asked.  “You know, don’t you?”
Moore didn’t answer, but when he tried to brush past Andrew, hauling Alice in tow, Andrew caught him by the shoulder and shoved him back against the nearest wall.  “What was that thing?” he demanded again.  “Was it one of the soldiers like O’Malley?”
Moore tried unsuccessfully to shrug away.  “It’s part of what’s left of Alpha squadron.”
It took Andrew a moment to remember.  “The ones Prendick sent home? The ones with Rocky Mountain spotted fever?”
Moore nodded.  “They weren’t sent anywhere.  They were the first test subjects.”
At these words, test subjects, Andrew felt his skin crawl uneasily.  “For what?”
Moore didn’t respond, his brows narrowing stubbornly, and Andrew pushed him into the wall again.  “Answer me,” he snapped.  “Whatever happened to O’Malley, is that what happened to those poor sons of bitches, too? What did you do to them?”
“It’s complicated,” Moore said.  
Andrew shoved the gun into his face.  “Try me.”
“Do you know anything about bioengineering?”
“No.  Try me anyway.”
Moore sighed.  “They were infected with a retrovirus, a specific, synthesized microorganism that can imprint its own genetic sequencing into a foreign cell, transforming that cell into one that’s like the virus.  It’s a complete transformation, erasing whatever genetic code it’s replacing and proliferating until the entire host organism is overrun.”
“You mean a germ did that?” Andrew asked, pointing with the barrel of the nine-millimeter at the dead screamer.  
Moore awarded him a glance that suggested he felt like he was trying to teach one of his chimps or Siamangs to play Candyland.  “A highly specialized, man-made germ,” he replied.  “One that affects only a specifically targeted segment of susceptible hosts.”
Between you and me, this is the strangest assignment I’ve ever had.  
Dani had told Andrew this and her words came to his mind now.  
We’re all a hodge-podge of different units, different companies, different regiments.  I didn’t know any of these guys up until two months ago when we all got here.  
“The soldiers,” he said.  “That’s why they all came from different units, why there are so few of them.  You’re saying they were hand-picked to be here.”
“From their medical records, yes.” Moore nodded.  “They were each identified as a potential host.”
A host.  The term was cold, brittle, callous.  Expendable, Andrew thought.  It sounds like something expendable.  
“Why them?” Unspoken but even more desperate, from inside his mind: Why Dani? 
“Because,” Moore said.  “According to their medical records, none of them have ever been exposed to human-specific varicella zoster virus.  Chickenpox.”
Andrew blinked, surprised and bewildered.  “You’re kidding, right? You made some kind of mutant form of chickenpox?” This sounded as asinine and preposterous as Suzette’s assertion O’Malley had been stricken by some kind of side effect from strep throat.  
“No,” Moore said.  “But what I made shares similar enough properties that if introduced into a subject who has been exposed to varicella or its vaccine, they won’t be infected.  Which, for the record, does not include you.”
Startled, Andrew blinked.  “What? How do you know if I’ve had chickenpox or not?”
Moore smirked.  “Because Prendick let you live.  You can’t be naïve enough to believe that he’d have let you survive even a night at this compound if there wasn’t some reason for it, something in it for him.  There’s a fairly simple blood test that shows whether or not your body has the varicella antigens, a type of immunological memory cell, you could say, that helps prevent future infections.  And if you’d tested positive for those antigens, Prendick would have shot you himself.” 
Suzette had drawn a blood sample from him on his first night at the facility.  He hadn’t understood why at the time but it hadn’t even occurred to him to ask.  
Then he remembered something, a flash of childhood memory, his mother taking him to a neighbor’s house for a party.  
“Whose birthday is it?” he’d asked his sister.  
“No one’s,” Beth had answered.  “It’s a chickenpox party.  Billy Cramer’s got it and they think you’ll catch it, too.  Then you won’t have to worry about it later.”
But although Andrew had spent the afternoon playing with Billy and the rest of his friends, he hadn’t caught chickenpox.  In fact, he’d made it through at least two such parties in his youth unscathed and had never been infected.  
Which means I could still get it.  Horrified, he looked down at his shirt, splattered with virus-laden gore.  Chickenpox spreads through contact.  
“Don’t worry.” Moore made a chuffing sound, dismissive and derisive.  As if reading Andrew’s mind, or at least, the stricken expression on his face, he said, “I specifically engineered the strain to control its communicability.  You can only be infected when it’s directly injected into the cerebrospinal fluid or cranial sinuses.” 
“You were going to do that to me?” Andrew asked.  “Make me one of those things, too?”
“Do you have any idea how rare it is for an adult in this day and age to have had no exposure to either the varicella virus or its vaccine?” Moore asked, again with a smug sort of glance that suggested he thought Andrew wouldn’t have much of an idea about anything.  “You, Mister Braddock, are among a very select tier of the American population, one of only five percent in the entire country.”
And of all the backwoods in all the world where I could’ve run my damn Jeep off the road, I wind up in this one, Andrew thought.  Lucky me.  
“If I’m so rare, why would the government want a weapons-grade chickenpox virus?” he asked.  “You said if someone’s had it or been vaccinated, they can’t catch your bug.”
“Because it’s the host that’s the weapon, not the virus itself.” 
Alice uttered a small, birdlike cry.  They’d been walking past a room in which the door had been left standing ajar, and as Andrew followed her horrified gaze, he recognized the rows of animal cages lining the walls.  Now those cages lay tossed and scattered, the pale tile floor splattered and stained with something dark.  
“Alice,” Moore exclaimed as the girl darted away from them and into the room.  
“Alice!” Andrew shoved past Moore and hurried after her, skittering to a halt just past the doorway.  It looked like an F-5 tornado had ripped through the chamber.  The door hadn’t been pushed open as much as plowed through, and listed now on its hinges, the metal crumpled inward with deep pock marks and craters.  Animal crates had been tossed about with haphazard brutality, the sides dented and battered, the metal grates twisted and torn loose of their moorings.  The monkeys and Siamangs that had been kept inside were all dead, some little more than bloody entrails or limbs left scattered across the floor.  
Alice, meanwhile, had raced across the room.  When she poked her head into the playroom, she shrank back from the doorway with another wounded cry, then rushed inside.  
Lucy, Andrew realized.  
Alice had found the Siamang lying half-way beneath the table at which the three of them had played Candyland.  Alice had fallen onto her knees, folding herself over the lifeless primate.  
There were no emergency lights in the playroom, the only illumination coming from the dim recessed bulbs in the storage area beyond, and it wasn’t until Andrew drew near that he saw what was left of Lucy.  Mangled almost beyond recognition, her arms and legs had been torn loose from their sockets, her gut torn open, her face battered and bloodied.  
“Jesus,” he whispered.  He went to Alice, kneeling beside her.  
“They killed her,” she said, stunned.  “Lucy…she’s dead.”
Something had attracted the screamers to that store room.  They had either heard the monkeys or smelled them inside.  Something, Andrew thought.  They knew they were here and they bashed their way through the locked door to get them.  
Oh, God, what if they’ve done the same thing to Dani?
****
“Why does the government want things like the screamers?” Andrew asked Moore.  He’d thought that Alice would weep with the discovery of Lucy’s remains, but instead, the girl had simply sat on the floor beside the dead Siamang, her eyes distant and vacant as her mind had slipped into whatever fugue-like cocoon her autism sometimes allowed her.  “You said your virus made the hosts the weapons.  What did you mean?”
“It’s altered their DNA,” Moore replied.  Unlike Alice, he seemed unmoved by the carnage as he surveyed the playroom.  Moving idly, he’d started picking up fallen books and game boards, placing them back on bookshelves or countertops.  “You’ve seen it for yourself.  They’re faster now, stronger, more resilient.  The virus allows them to produce growth hormones that facilitate healing more quickly, making them relatively impervious.  The limbic system in their brains have been enhanced, so their natural aggression levels have been heightened, intensified.  They’re tough as nails and meaner than hell.  They are, in essence, super-soldiers.”
“Not too super,” Andrew remarked.  “O’Malley was blind.  Those tumors on his face, they’d grown over his eyes.  That one in the hallway, its head was being covered up, too.”
“A human’s immune system can fight off a viral infection, but only if it can interrupt the virus’s reproductive cycle,” Moore said.  “If allowed to replicate itself, a virus can overtake its host.  That’s what happened to the men in Alpha squad.  They were given too much of the retrovirus too quickly.  Instead of enhancing their physiology, it overwhelmed them.”
“It’s made them monsters,” Andrew said.  “You made them that way.”
“Not me.” Moore glanced at him, seeming surprised by the accusation, if not somewhat stiffly offended.  “It was Prendick’s call to administer the higher doses.  I tried to warn him of the side effects, the risks involved, but he was impatient.  He didn’t want a gradual transformation.  The United States government is a results-oriented organization, that’s what he told me.  And he wanted to give them results.  He wouldn’t listen to reason, not from me or Lieutenant Carter, not from anyone.” 
“Carter?” Andrew said.  Dani had told him the lieutenant had been sent home shortly after Alpha squadron, suffering from Rocky Mountain spotted fever.  Except Alpha squad didn’t really have Rocky Mountain spotted fever, he thought.  “Did he become one, too?” he asked.  “One of the screamers?”
At first, because Moore remained silent, Andrew thought he wouldn’t respond, but at length, he sighed heavily.  “He threatened to go above Prendick’s head, to report Prendick trying to speed up the testing timeframe.  Prendick turned the Alpha squad loose on him in the woods.  Have you ever seen a wolf pack cull their prey? They separate the weak or sickly deer from its herd.  Then they keep upwind of it, tracking it by its scent, before splitting up and chasing it until they exhaust it.  When it’s beyond the point of resistance, they attack together, a collaborative effort.”
The corpse in the woods, Andrew realized, because at the time, he’d seen a rank insignia affixed to the tattered remnants of its uniform.  A silver bar, a First Lieutenant’s insignia.  
“They killed him,” he said and Moore nodded grimly.  “The screamers, Alpha squadron.  They chased him into a snare trap, then once he was hanging there, helpless, they killed him.”
And the same thing would’ve happened to me, he thought with a shiver.  If my rifle hadn’t fallen, if it hadn’t discharged when it hit the ground and scared them off, they would have killed me, too.  
“That’s what animals do,” Moore said.  “That’s what they are now, what the retrovirus has done to them.  It’s made the most primitive, predatory areas of their brain grow in size and dominance.  It’s made them animals.”
“And we’re the prey,” Andrew whispered, aghast.  
Again, Moore nodded.  “Exactly.” Abandoning the books scattered on the floor, he approached his daughter, hooking his hand beneath her arm to pull her onto her feet.  “We need to keep moving.”
As much as Andrew wanted to get the hell out there and find Dani, he found himself bristling.  “Give her a minute, will you?” he said, planting his palm on Moore’s shoulder, jarring his grip on Alice loose.  “Lucy was her friend.  She’s grieving.”
“Lucy was a Siamang,” Moore replied drolly, shrugging away from Andrew’s hand.  “And she’s not grieving.  She doesn’t know how.”
“Bullshit.  She knows how to cry.  Not an hour ago, both of you stood in the hallway at the barracks, acting like it was some kind of miracle.”
“It was,” Moore said simply.  
He reached for Alice and again, Andrew caught his arm, stopping him.  “You know that thing wasn’t just a monkey to her.  You taught Lucy to play Candyland.  I doubt it was so you could sit around and play with her.  Yeah, it might’ve all just been part of your experiment, but still.”
His voice abruptly faltered.  Wait a minute, he thought, remembering the soft spot in Lucy’s skull.  Her brain grew too big for her head.  That’s what Alice had told him.  It’s part of his experiment.  
He’d felt similar soft places along Alice’s own scalp.  
The medicine makes new nerves grow, Alice had told him.  It fills in the missing places in my brain.  It makes the electrical signals get to the right places.  
“It’s the same,” he whispered in horrified realization.  “You gave that shit to Alice?” He gave Moore enough of a shove to send him stumbling back a step.  “The same virus you put inside Lucy? Inside O’Malley? Are you out of your mind? She’ll turn into one of those…those things!”
Moore reclaimed his footing, then bared his fists, squaring off against the younger man.  “In small enough doses, your body can regulate the virus on its own.  I used Lucy to calculate those proper doses to correct the neurological defects that caused Alice’s autism.  Look at how much progress I’ve made.”
“Progress?” Andrew nearly spat the word.  “You’ve been carving holes into her skull!”
“She was crying,” Moore snapped back.  “You saw her—crying and laughing.  Crying over you, and laughing because it’s the first time in her entire life that she’s shed tears at the right place and time.  Do you have any idea what it’s like to be autistic? To have an autistic child?” He managed a bark of laughter.  “No, you don’t.  And spare me your bullshit, half-assed sympathies about how you can only imagine how hard it must be, because you can’t, Mister Braddock.  You have no earthly idea.”
He shoved his forefinger out, pointing to Alice.  “Look at her.  She’s not grieving.  She’s disassociated.  Whenever she’s challenged too hard to think or feel or reason, this is what she does—she tunes out, turns off, disappears somewhere inside of herself so deeply, there’s no way to reach her.  Nothing you can say, nothing you can do, not until she wants to, not until she chooses to emerge from this self-imposed psychological exile.  
“By the time she turned three years old, she’d stopped smiling.  She’d stopped laughing.  She didn’t cry, she wouldn’t look at you when you called her name.  It was as if something somewhere inside of her had come unplugged, some vital electrical circuit that made all of the other circuits in her brain work properly.  And without it, she became a hollowed out shell, a life-sized, living, breathing doll.”
His brows furrowed and the corners of his mouth wrenched down in a frown.  “Autistic catatonia, that was her diagnosis.  She was so developmentally disabled and neurologically impaired, the doctors told us the most she could ever hope for was a lifelong regimen of medications.  Do you know what it was like to hear that, Mister Braddock? To hear that your child is going to be afflicted with the mental capacities of a nine-month old infant for the rest of her life? To know that although you may have won a Nobel Prize for unraveling the secrets of the human body’s immunological processes, you couldn’t offer the same insight or capability to benefit your own flesh and blood?”
His voice had grown ragged and strained, his eyes glossy in the dim light.  “Do you have any idea what that’s like to know your daughter will never look at you and be able to say I love you, not just because she can’t find the words, but because she can’t feel it? It’s hell.  An unending, relentless life sentence in hell.  It drove a wedge between me and my wife from which we never recovered.  She left me.  And when she did, she took Alice with her.  Less than a year later, she had Alice institutionalized.”
“Gallatin,” Andrew whispered.  The state hospital he’d seen in the photograph in Moore’s scrapbook.  
Moore nodded.  “Yes, Gallatin State Hospital.  They stopped calling it a lunatic asylum some years ago when it was no longer politically correct.  Do you know what Alice’s treatment there consisted of? Regular bouts of electroconvulsive therapy—electroshock.  She was forcibly administered electrical currents through her brain that triggered seizures and loss of consciousness, because the state of Massachusetts said this would make her better.  And there was nothing I could do to stop them.”
Jesus.  Stricken, Andrew looked down at Alice.  She remained oblivious to them, her gazed fixed somewhere across the room, her hand draped lightly against Lucy’s blood-dampened fur.  
“Last year, Prendick came to me on behalf of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency,” Moore said.  “He promised me that they could get Alice out of there.  By that point, she’d been incarcerated for nearly three years.  I would have done anything, traded my own life, to get her out of that place.  I don’t expect you to believe me, much less care, but it’s true.  I had been battling nonstop in court to have Alice released.  Prendick promised me he could have her set free in a day.  And all I had to do was agree to work for them.”
“And you did,” Andrew said.  
“You’re damn right I did.  And I’d do it again—a thousand times, whatever it takes, if it meant fixing Alice.  I don’t give a flying fuck about anyone or anything in this entire compound except my daughter.” Shoving Andrew aside, he marched back toward Alice.  “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to get her out of here before we end up carcasses strung up and eviscerated in a tree.” 
“But the roads,” Andrew said.  “You can’t leave.  Prendick said—”
“Prendick’s the one behind this entire operation,” Moore said without even pausing in his stride.  “It was in his best interest to keep everyone trapped here.” He spared Andrew a glance.  “Or at least believing that they were.”
“Wait.” Andrew watched him catch Alice by the hand and pull her unceremoniously to her feet.  Like a puppet, she complied, her expression neutral.  “What about Dani Santoro? We can’t just—”
“She’s a soldier,” Moore said.  “Given my past association to this point, I don’t have much sympathy for her.” 
“She’s a mother.”
“Again, given my past association, I don’t have much sympathy.”
“But I don’t know the way to your office,” Andrew said.  “We can’t leave without her.”
Moore uttered a sharp laugh.  “There is no we, Mister Braddock, except for me and Alice.  You do what you have to.”
He tried to march Alice out of the playroom and furious now, something inside of Andrew snapped, just as it had that long-ago day in North Pole, Alaska, when his father had smiled at him in the front lobby of the Pagoda Chinese restaurant and told him he’d be marrying Lila Meyer.  Fists balled, he went after Moore, grabbing him smartly by the sleeve and whirling him around.  
“Dani has two kids.  Her son is Alice’s age.  His name is Max,” said he said.  
With a frown, Moore tried to pull himself loose.  “Shut up and get your hand off me.”
“He makes straight A’s and this past year, he dressed up like a soldier for Halloween.”
Moore’s brows furrowed.  “I said shut up.”
“That’s what she said he wants to be when he grows up, a soldier like his mother.  Because just like Alice idolizes you, Dani’s boy worships the ground she walks on.  Because just like you, Dani’s a good parent who’d do anything for her kids.”
“Shut up!” Moore shoved Andrew away from him, sending him floundering backwards.  
“As much as you love Alice, Dani loves her kids, too,” Andrew said.  “She doesn’t deserve to wind up like that.” He cut his eyes toward the mangled, mutilated remains of Lucy.  “Please.  If you won’t show me the way to your office, at least tell me how to get there.  Please.”
Something in Moore’s face faltered at this, that cold and unaffected exterior momentarily softening.  “Alright,” he said at length, his voice strained and terse, as if it pained him to speak.  “Follow the corridor beyond the storeroom to your right, then take the second hallway off it to your left.  Take it until it forks to the left, then take that hall all of the way down to the next right.  Four doors down, the left hand side of the hallway.  Room number one twenty-seven.”
“Thank you,” Andrew said.  
As he turned to leave, Moore clapped a hand against his arm.  “They’re inside the building,” he said, his voice grave and oddly gentle.  “She’s already dead, son.”
Andrew frowned.  “I’m not your son,” he said, jerking free of Moore’s grasp.  “And you’re wrong.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

“Dani!” 
Ten minutes later, hopelessly lost in the belly of the laboratory building, Andrew turned in a clumsy circle, screaming his damn fool head off.  
“Dani,” he cried again, his voice hoarse, bouncing off the white-washed walls, industrial-grade linoleum floors and ceiling tile panels.  He’d tried to remember Moore’s directions, had muttered them over and over again to himself after he’d left the storeroom, but had lost track of just how many rights he took before hanging a left, or down which corridor he was supposed to turn when.  
One twenty-seven.  He remembered the office number Moore had given him, but to that point, all of the doors he’d seen had looked alike and non-descript, and those that had been numbered all seemed to fall in the one hundred-eighty-something range.  
At some point along the way, the emergency lights had winked out, plunging the house of pain into abrupt and absolute darkness.  Whether the back up generator had given out, or something more sinister had happened, Andrew didn’t know.  But he’d frozen, eyes flown wide, gripped with an overwhelming, child-like fear of the blackened hallway, the unshakable certainty that something was out there, screamers hunkered down and lurking, watching him.  
Once he’d snapped out of that initial, terrified paralysis, he had inched his way forward.  Now, still submerged in darkness, he swung the pistol back and forth in one hand, panning his aim nervously ahead of him.  With the other, he fumbled along the nearest wall, using it to guide him.  
“Dani,” he shouted out again.  His voice cut short when he felt his foot connect with something heavy, solid and semi-soft on the floor in front of him, almost like an oversized sand bag.  
What the fuck? He danced to the left, nearly falling over in panicked fright.  His heel settled again onto something firm but yielding underfoot, lumpy enough to trip him.  
“Jesus,” he yelped as he crashed onto his ass, sitting down hard against the floor.  The pistol jarred loose from his hand upon the impact, and he heard a loud clatter as it hit the floor, then skittered away, unseen.  
Shit! He groped blindly for it for a long, desperate moment before uttering a frustrated cry and slamming his fist against the floor.  “Shit!”
Only his fist didn’t hit the linoleum tiles.  Instead, he hit that heavy, motionless lump beside him again, and this time he felt the coarse texture of heavy fabric, heard it rustle as he struck.  
Shit, he thought, realizing what he’d tripped over, what was sprawled on the floor beside him.  
A dead body.  
He scrambled back until his back hit the wall, and sat there, gasping for breath, teetering on the verge of panic-stricken hyperventilation.  Not good, not good, oh, this is not good at all.  
Clapping his hands over his mouth to keep himself quiet, he strained to listen for any tell-tale snuffling or rustling sounds.  Because if there’s a dead man on the floor, chances are, whatever killed him is still somewhere close by.  
Though he didn’t hear anything, he remained rooted in spot another moment or two, trying to make sure.  Now without a gun, he wouldn’t stand a chance against one of the screamers even in the best of lighting conditions, let alone in the dark.  
I’ve got to find that pistol.  
Forcing himself to move, Andrew crept forward on his hands and knees, hands outstretched as patted down the length of the soldier’s body.  Near his feet, he felt the cool press of metal, and felt a momentary thrill as he grabbed for it, thinking it was the nine-millimeter.  Instead, it was some kind of cylindrical shaft, somewhat heavy despite its slim circumference.  A flashlight, he realized.  I’ll be damned.  This guy had been carrying a flashlight.  
Hoping like hell that it hadn’t broken in the fall, Andrew fumbled along the shaft until he felt the on-off button.  When he pushed it, a bright beam of golden light speared across the corridor and he uttered a happy little cry.  It cut abruptly short when he saw what the flashlight’s beam had pinned in its stark and momentarily dazzling glare—more soldiers lying near the wall, sprawled together, one nearly atop the others, all of them dead and battered.  
“Oh, God,” he gasped, recognizing their faces—Maggitti, Reigler and Spaulding, three from Dani’s company.  
He realized what had happened to the lights.  They’d been shot out, the bulbs splintered by stray bullets.  The wall was riddled with automatic gunfire, pock-marked in wildly erratic patterns, as if several armed men had spun in manic circles, shooting all the while.  
He’d seen something else near the dead soldiers—their assault rifles.  Crawling forward, tucking the flashlight beneath his arm to direct its beam ahead of him, he reached for one of the fallen M16s.  When he went to push a leg aside to grab the nearest stock, he realized it was severed from its corresponding torso.  He’d been expecting resistance from the deadweight of a corpse.  Instead, the leg slid with surprising ease away from him.  It made a squishy sort of sound as it moved, like a mop that hadn’t been wrung out well being slopped across the floor, and he jerked his hand back, feeling his stomach roil.  
This is crazy, he thought.  God, what am I doing? I’m supposed to be in a motel room in Pikeville right now, watching pay-for-view porn and plugging tree counts into my laptop to email back to the office.  
Nevertheless, he uttered a triumphant little cry as he wrestled the rifle loose from beneath the tangled heap of dead soldiers.  Once he had it free, he scrambled back to the wall.  Shrugging the gun strap over his arm, he shouldered it long enough to sweep the flashlight along the corridor in either direction, surveying his surroundings.  He saw another one of Dani’s squad mates dead on the floor nearby, Barron, the young man from Anchorage who’d bet Andrew ten bucks the Seawolves would win out in that year’s college hockey face-off against Fairbanks.  It had been Barron’s body that Andrew had first tripped over, Barron’s flashlight that he now held in hand.  And it was beside Barron’s outstretched and motionless hand that Andrew’s pistol had come to rest when he’d dropped it.  
“I’m sorry,” Andrew whispered as he leaned down, retrieving the nine millimeter, shoving it beneath the waistband of his pants.  He spoke not just to Barron, but to all of them, because although they hadn’t been close enough for him to consider them friends, per se, they’d been more than mere acquaintances, and they’d made him feel welcome among them, a part of their group.  
He tried not to look at them again as he started down the hallway again, carrying both the rifle and flashlight at the same time so he could keep the beam of bright illumination trained ahead of him.  He focused his attention on each closed door as he passed, each stainless steel knob glittering coldly in the flashlight’s glow.  
One forty-two, one forty, the numbered placards outside the nearest read.  Because these were the lowest numerals he’d found so far, he felt a momentary, fledgling hope that it meant he was finally heading in the right direction.  
One thirty-eight, one thirty-six, he saw to his right, while on the left, one thirty-seven, one thirty-five.  
As he passed by door number one thirty-four, he heard faint but distinct noise seeping through the wood and froze.  It sounded like someone crying from inside the room.  
A woman crying, he realized, and he whirled, training the flashlight beam directly at the door.  Dani!
Moore had told him his office number was one twenty-seven, or so Andrew had thought.  Maybe I misheard, he thought.  Or maybe I remembered it wrong.  Or maybe that son of a bitch just lied to me so I’d wind up lost.  
Whatever the case, it didn’t matter.  She’s in there.  She’s alive.  
He tried the knob, but it was locked.  
“Shit,” Andrew muttered, because he’d started to punch the pass code in before realizing the power was out; the key pad didn’t work.  Turning the knob futilely in his hand, he pressed his ear against the door.  “Dani,” he called out.  “Open the door.”
After a long moment in which there was nothing but silence, he closed his eyes, chanting over and over in his mind like a mantra, Answer me, Dani.  Come on, be alive.  Be alright.  Answer me.  
Then, through the door, he heard, “Andrew?”
He laughed, slapping his hand against the door.  “Dani,” he cried.  “It’s me.  Let me in.  I can’t open the door from this side.  The power’s out and the key pad doesn’t work.  We have to get out of here.”
From the other side, he heard a series of shuffling footsteps, some fervent sniffling, then loud, overlapping crashes and bangs, like someone had stumbled into something in the dark, toppling a pencil cup or cutlery set across the floor.  
“Dani?” Concerned, he leaned against the door again.  When it opened unexpectedly, swinging inward, he stumbled forward, falling against the woman on the other side.  
“Oh, God, Andrew,” she gulped, and all he caught was a glimpse of blonde hair and a pungent whiff of alcohol before she staggered into him, clapping her arms around his neck in a fervent embrace.  
“Suzette?” 
She’d buried her face against the side of his neck and when she looked up, he saw her make-up streaked down her face, crooked lines of smeared mascara ringing her eyes, bisecting her cheeks.  She hiccupped moistly for breath as she choked back tears.  
“Suzette,” he said again.  “What are you—”
“Shhhh!” Spraying his face with spittle, she shoved her hand over his mouth, muffling him.  Her eyes were round and wild, rolling in their sockets as her gaze darted frantically past him, up and down the corridor.  “Don’t let them hear you.”
She staggered back into the room, dragging him with her, slamming the door shut behind him.  He panned the light around and saw they were in a small office.  She’d shoved the desk against the wall and piled blankets in a tangled heap in the chair nook beneath, making a rudimentary nest for herself.  Beside this, he saw a cardboard box heaped with cartons of crackers, canned vegetables, some Spaghetti-O’s, but these were far outnumbered by the dozen or so bottles of gin, tequila, red wine and vodka, the latter of which she’d already been hitting pretty heavily, judging by her condition and the nearly empty bottle that listed on its side, cap removed, well within view.  
“I’m so glad you’re here,” Suzette slurred, shambling toward him again, offering a crooked smile.  Her hair was wildly askew, her clothes rumpled and blood-stained.  Her eyes remained haunted, gleaming in the reflected flashlight’s glow with a manic sort of glaze.  As he watched, she dragged her hands across her cheeks, trying to wipe her ruined make up away, then fought to smooth her hair down behind her ears.  “I brought some things.  Do you see? Everything I could carry.  It should be enough to last us a week, maybe more, a little less.”
“What are you talking about?” Andrew asked, then she snuggled into him again, twining her arms around his waist, burrowing her nose into his chest.  
“God, I’m so glad you’re here,” she crooned, muffled against his shirt.  
“Suzette, look at me.” Shrugging the gun over his shoulder and setting aside the flashlight, he tried to tilt her face up.  “What are you doing here? How did you get inside the lab?”
“Through the front doors,” she replied, then she snorted laughter.  Holding out one unsteady index finger, she mimed punching in a pin code.  “I just pushed the buttons.” Her smile faltered, then withered.  “I’m scared,” she whispered.  “I’m so scared, Andrew, and I heard gunshots outside, people screaming.  It was horrible.  I didn’t think there was anybody left, no one but me, and that they’d find me somehow.  They’d break down the door and kill me.”
“It’s alright,” he said, and she crumpled into him again.  He embraced her clumsily, awkwardly.  “It’s going to be okay, Suzette.”
“I’m so glad you’re here.”
“Do you know where Dr. Moore’s office is?” he asked.  “Do you know how to get there from here?” When she nodded, still tucked against his chest, he said, “You have to show me.  Right now.  Come on, let’s go.”
Stepping toward the door, he pulled away from her, leading her by the hand.  Her eyes flew wide with renewed alarm and she shook her head.  
“No,” she said.  “No, no, oh, no, we can’t go.  Are you crazy? They’re out there.”
The way she said this, the emphasis she placed on the word they’re made him frown.  “Do you know what’s going on?” he asked, cocking his head, meeting her bleary gaze.  “Suzette, do you know what they are?”
Because by all rights, she shouldn’t.  
She cut her eyes away, burying her face again into his shirt.  “Stay with me,” she mumbled.  “Please, Andrew.  It will be okay.  You’ll see.”
“You do, don’t you?” he asked.  “You know what the screamers are.  You know what Moore did to the soldiers from Alpha squad.”
“It’ll be okay,” she said again, shaking her head, clinging to him.  “Another week, maybe two and we won’t have to worry.”
“Why not? Why won’t we have to worry?” Grasping her by the arms, he hauled her forcibly back from his chest.  He gave her a sharp shake, rocking her head on her neck, making her cry out miserably.  “Tell me, goddamn it.  What are you talking about?”
She blinked at him, tearful again, her bottom lip quavering.  “The virus will eventually overtake them.”
“You know about Moore’s retrovirus?” he demanded and she nodded.  
“I helped him design it,” she whispered.  “The restriction enzyme that breaks down the host cell’s DNA, anyway.  That’s what allows the virus to encode its own genetic sequence.”
“What?” Stricken, Andrew shook her again.  “You’ve been helping him all along? You knew what he’s been out here doing, and you never tried to stop him?”
“How could I?” she cried.  “No, I wasn’t helping him.  I told you before, I work with his daughter, not his research.  Not anymore.”
“But you used to,” Andrew said.  “I saw your picture in the scrapbook Alice made.  You used to be Moore’s lab partner.”
She nodded, then uttered a harsh, scraping laugh.  “Back when he was just Edward Moore, before he became a Nobel Laureate.  That son of a bitch.  He wouldn’t have won that goddamn prize if it wasn’t for me.  It was my enzyme that made his precious vascular endothelial growth factor work, anyway.”
She flapped her arms furiously and he let her go.  Suzette staggered over to her messy blankets and bent over, lifting the vodka bottle off the floor.  Tilting her head back, she opened her mouth wide, tongue protruding, and dribbled the last trickles down her throat.  When she’d finished, she threw the bottle aside, sending it clattering across the floor, while she yanked another from her box.  
“He left me behind,” she told Andrew, unscrewing the cap and pitching it behind her.  “Isn’t that just like a man? You dip your dick, then you hit the road.”
“You were sleeping with Moore?”
She tipped the bottle at him, a mocking toast.  “When he left Cold Spring Harbor, he left me, too.  He said they’d give me his post.  Said he’d lined it up for me.  You know what I got instead? Fired.  This was his idea of making things up to me.  This.” She motioned to indicate the room, the lab, and vodka slopped messily over the lip of the bottle top.  “Being stuck out in the middle of godforsaken nowhere, U.S.A.  playing Nanny-goddamn-McPhee to his half-wit, retarded brat.”
“Alice isn’t retarded,” Andrew said, bristling.  
“You know what they had the nerve to tell me at Cold Spring Harbor?” Suzette continued, oblivious to his comment or choosing to ignore it.  “That I had a drinking problem as well as a…” She cleared her throat, affected a, exaggerated stuffy, prim expression, her lips pursed, her nose wrinkled.  “…‘demonstrated moral turpitude.  ’ Whatever the hell that’s supposed to mean.  Anyway, they told me that they couldn’t turn over the helm of a multi-bazillion-some-odd dollar bioengineering research facility to a woman with a bottle in one hand and her ex-boss’s dick in the other.” Another long swig.  “Never mind you can’t fill a kindergartener’s hand with Edward’s pathetic excuse for a cock.”
Glancing at him now, her brow arched, her lips uncurling in a thin smile.  “Now your cock on the other hand,” she murmured, sidling toward him, stumbling unsteadily and marking a meandering path.  “I can think of a few places I might fill with it.”
“Suzette,” he said with a frown, even as she reached for him, tickling him lightly along the collar with her fingertips.  
“Andrew,” she replied, mimicking his stern tone, then following up with a drunken titter.  Setting aside the liquor bottle, she hooked her fingertips beneath his waistband.  “Why don’t we start at the top…work our way down?” The tip of her tongue swiped her lips suggestively as she dropped to her knees, trying to ease his pants down with her.  
“Stop.” He caught her elbows, his grip tight enough to make her wince, her expression bewildered at first, then pained.  “Get up.”
“You’re hurting me,” she whimpered, then she yelped as he hauled her to her feet.  
“Tell me about the screamers,” he said.  “You said in another week, it would be alright.  What did you mean?”
“Let go of me,” she mewled, squirming in his grasp.  
“Tell me what you meant,” he snapped.  
“The virus can’t be stopped,” she cried.  “Once it’s inside you in a large enough dose to overwhelm the immune system, it replicates out of control.  The skin growths it causes, the tumors…they’ll cover their mouths and noses, crush their lungs from the inside out, stress the heart to the point of cardiac arrest.”
“You’re saying they’ll die?” Andrew asked.  “What’s happening to them, it’s eventually going to kill them? How long until that happens?”
“I told you, another week,” Suzette said.  “Maybe a little longer, maybe a little less.  But once it’s started, there’s no way to bring it back into check.  It’s like trying to find the square root of pi.  It’s impossible.  It never ends.”
Andrew gave her a little shove, sending her reeling back from him then unslung the M16 from his shoulder.  Grabbing Suzette by the elbow again, he headed for the door, hauling her in struggling tow.  
“What are you doing?” she whined.  Her free hand flapped feebly for the vodka, knocking the bottle off the table, spilling alcohol all over the floor.  
“Taking you with me.  You’re going to show me where Dr. Moore’s lab is.”
“Why?” Suzette tried to dig in her heels and stop.  “It’s not going to do any good.  It’s too late.  I told you—there’s no way to stop the virus.  There’s nothing you’re going to find in there that’s going to make any difference.” Even as she spoke, realization dawned on her, cutting through the thick, belligerent haze of drunkenness.  “But that’s not why you want to go, is it?”
She jerked mightily against him, pulling herself free.  “She’s there, isn’t she? Dani Santoro, that fat-assed Hispanic bitch.  Well, fuck you, Andrew, and fuck her, too.  I’m not helping you do shit.  You hear me?”
He reached for her, but she staggered away, her brows furrowed, her eyes flashing in furious challenge.  “Fine,” he said.  “Suit yourself.  I don’t have time for this shit.”
Wheeling around, he marched to the door, throwing it open wide.  
“I hope they’ve broken down the door and taken turns fucking her,” Suzette screeched from behind him.  “I hope they tore her apart and are waiting for you there so they can rip your sorry ass to shreds right along with her!”
Andrew glanced off his shoulder.  “Good bye, Suzette.”
“Fuck you!” she screamed, snatching the fallen vodka bottle in hand, winging it at his head.  He slammed the door on her, and heard glass shatter on the other side as it struck.  


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Following the numbers on the office placards, Andrew cut to his right shortly past Suzette’s door.  To his amazement, he realized he’d inadvertently come to find his way along the path Moore had given him, because the fourth door down on his left was, sure enough, room number one hundred twenty-seven.  
“Dani,” he cried, pounding on the door.  “Dani, it’s me!”
He was so abjectly relieved to see the door intact, no signs of forced or attempted entry, he nearly burst into tears.  And when he heard her voice, frightened and strained, from the other side, he laughed out loud.  
“Andrew?” she called.  
“Dani!” He fell against the door as if collapsing physically into her arms.  “Are you alright?”
“Yes.” Her voice was closer to the door now, as if she’d come to stand directly on the other side, and like him, had pressed her cheek to the wood.  “Are you? Dr. Moore locked me in here.  He had a gun.  He was talking crazy, said you’d done something to Alice and he was going to find you, make you talk.  I thought…oh, God, I thought he was going to hurt you.”
She’d begun to cry.  He could hear her soft, hitching breaths through the door as she hiccupped against tears.  
“I’m alright,” he said, pressing his palm to the door.  
“I thought he was going to kill you,” she said.  “He had a gun and he…he told me he was going to shoot you.”
“Dani, I’m alright,” he said again.  “Open the door.  Let me in.”
“I can’t,” she whimpered.  “He did something to the door, messed up the code somehow.  It’s locked from the inside.  Even before the power went out, I couldn’t get it open.”
“What?” Andrew drew back from the door now in dismay.  He grabbed the knob, but it was locked from his side, too.  Still, he tugged at it, feeling panic swell inside him again.  Clasping it in both hands, he twisted furiously, until the entire door shook in its frame.  
“Andrew, I’m scared,” Dani said.  “Get me out of here.  Please get me out.”
“I will,” he promised.  “Stand back.  Let me try something.”
The hall was narrow, but still allowed him enough space for leverage.  He backed up to the far side, then charged forward, ramming his shoulder into the door, hoping he could force it open.  All he managed to do was knock himself backwards in the recoil, his shoulder aching and nearly bludgeoned out of its socket.  
“Damn it,” he said, then tried again.  Over and over, he backpedaled in the corridor, then lunged forward again, slamming into the door once, twice, three times, all with no effect whatsoever.  
“Damn it!” he shouted, grasping the knob again, shoving his shoulder forcibly against the wood as he tried to shake it loose.  From the other side, he could hear Dani trying, too, grabbing the knob and jerking with him.  “Damn it, damn it, goddamn it!”
He shoved his hands through his hair, uttered a hoarse, frustrated cry, then kicked the door.  “Goddamn it,” he yelled.  
“Wait a minute,” Dani said.  “I can take the door off the hinges.” She uttered a quick, strained laugh.  “Why didn’t I think of it before? I can take the door off its hinges.  I’ve got a screwdriver on my multitool, a knife I can use to wedge under the main pin.  I can…”
She’d sounded so excited, he’d felt it, too; he’d gone back to the door, laughing along with her, forgetting about his frustration, his own futile attempts, until her voice abruptly faded from the other side.  
“What?” he asked, his own smile faltering uncertainly.  “Dani? What’s wrong?”
She laughed again, but it fell flat, a humorless sound.  “It’s on my keychain,” she said.  “My little multitool.  It’s on my goddamn keychain.”
He realized.  Which is in my pocket.  
“Shit,” he said.  “Wait.  I can slide it under the door.” Pulling it out, he dropped to his hands and knees, setting the flashlight down to aim the beam beneath the bottom of the door.  “Do you see my light?”
Within that equally narrow, illuminated space, he suddenly saw a sliver of her face come into view, her eye and cheek, the side of her nose.  It was enough to make him smile.  “Hey, you.”
She managed a miserable laugh.  “Hey, yourself.”
“Here.” He tried to slide the Gerber Clutch under the door, but it wouldn’t fit.  The tool case was too wide.  With a frown and a grunt, Andrew turned it lengthwise, then tried forcing it, shoving it repeatedly, uselessly.  “Goddamn it,” he snapped, frustrated, frightened, hurling the keychain down the corridor, sending it skittering and clattering into the darkness.  
“I’m sorry, Andrew,” Dani whispered.  
He looked back into her eye, saw it glistening with tears, then wedged his fingertips under the door, brushing against hers.  “I’m going to get you out,” he promised.  
From the far end of the corridor, back in the direction he had come, came a sudden, terrified shriek.  Andrew jerked at the sound, eyes flown wide as his head snapped up, his eyes darting in that direction.  
Suzette, he thought, as another piteous scream, shrill and agonized, ripped through the lab building.  Oh, Jesus, that was Suzette!
“Andrew,” Dani cried.  “Oh, God, what’s that? What’s going on out there?”
“Nothing,” he told her, peering under the door again, meeting her panic-stricken gaze.  “It was nothing.”
I have to get her out of there, he thought, scrambling to his feet.  He’d shrugged the M16 over his shoulder, but took it in hand now, raising it over his head.  With a desperate cry, he rammed the stock down into the key pad beside the door, hoping against hope that this would somehow disable the locking mechanism in the door.  He hit it again, then again.  With the fourth blow, he managed to knock the key pad casing loose and it listed severely to port, revealing a tangled mess of multicolored wires beneath.  Another shout, another blow, and the case clattered to the floor, leaving the inner workings of the key pad vulnerably exposed.  
Still, the door remained locked.  Another shriek echoed down the hallway, but this time it wasn’t Suzette.  The sound was visceral, scraping and shrill, something brutal and primal, the triumphant howl of a wolf pack’s alpha male claiming first dibs on a kill.  
“Andrew, you have to go,” Dani pleaded through the door.  If Suzette had been able to hear the gun blasts as Barron, Spaulding and the other soldiers had tried to fight off the screamers, then Dani likely had, too.  She may not have understood fully what was going on, but she’d been able to deduce enough to recognize the peril.  
“Not without you,” he replied, gritting his teeth, turning the battering ram of his rifle’s butt against the door knob now.  
“Andrew, please,” she cried.  “I don’t know what’s going on out there, but people are screaming.  Something’s wrong, there’s something very, very wrong, and you have to get out of here!”
“I’m not leaving without you,” he said again.  Backing up, he leaned down, grabbed his flashlight again.  Propping it beneath his arm, he clasped the rifle between his hands.  “Stand back,” he called to her.  Then as a second thought, he added, “Way back.  Get underneath Moore’s desk.  I’m going to try and shoot out the lock.”
“Andrew,” she protested.  
“Just do it,” he cried.  “I’m not leaving without you.  I’m going to get you out of that goddamn office and out of these godforsaken backwoods, and I’m going to personally drive you all of the way back to the Bronx so you can see your kids again, do you hear me? Then we’re all going to go to North Pole, Alaska so I can introduce you to my mom and tell her she was right, that everything happens for a reason because you’re my reason, Dani Santoro, whether you like it or not, now just shut the hell up and stand back so I can shoot this goddamn door!”
And with that, bracing himself, readying for the thunderous report as it fired, he squeezed the trigger.  Then blinked, bewildered, at the hollow click that followed.  
“What the hell?” He frowned, cocking the gun to get a better look at it, trying to figure out what he was doing wrong.  
“What is it?” he heard Dani say.  
“I’ve got an assault rifle,” he called back.  “It won’t shoot.”
She said something, but he couldn’t understand.  Moving back to the door, putting his ear to it again, he called, “What?”
“Turn the safety off,” she said again.  “There’s a switch on the side panel.  Turn it to semi.”
He tilted the gun again, spied the little toggle she’d mentioned, then did as instructed.  “Okay.  Now what?”
“Is your bolt open?”
Another glance at the gun.  “How can you tell?” 
“It’s a slide bolt on the top of the gun.  Is it pulled back?”
“Uh.  No.”
“Then you’ve got a round chambered in there already.  You’re ready to shoot.”
“Okay.  Got it.” He backed away from the door again, raising the rifle.  “Stand back.  I’m going to try again.”
This time, when he squeezed the trigger, a loud series of rapid-fire shots blasted out.  The rounds ripped into the doorframe, door and neighboring wall, pulverizing the drywall, punching through the metal door, clanging noisily off the chrome knob and lock plates.  
“Jesus!” he yelled, because the gun had a mind of its own, and even though he’d gripped it tightly, the shots went wild, a meandering semi-circle arcing wildly toward the ceiling.  
When he’d stopped shooting, he stood there stupidly, listening to the soft patter of drywall dust peppering the floor, watching it dissipate in the air in a thin haze.  
“Holy shit,” he said as the door to Moore’s office slowly swung inward, then listed on its bullet-ridden hinges and crashed to the floor.  He could see Moore’s desk inside through a lingering haze of gun smoke and shattered plaster dust.  
Dani slowly raised her head from behind the desk, eyes wide.  “I said switch it to semi, not burst.”
Sheepish, he let the gun fall from his hands, clattering to the floor.  “Sorry.”
“Don’t do that again,” she said, then scrambled out and rushed across the room, stumbling over the fallen door.  With a gasp and a cry, she flung her arms around his neck and fell against him.  
He allowed himself the luxury of holding her for a long, lingering moment.  “Come on,” he whispered through the tangled mess of her hair and into her ear.  “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
She nodded.  “Sounds good.” As they drew apart, she caught him by the hand, cutting a glance down at the M16.  “But I think I’d better handle the rifle from here on out.”
“Yeah.” He nodded as she hefted it in hand, snapping the safety back on.  “That sounds good, too.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

The hallway leading to Moore’s office stopped at a dead end.  Which means we’ve got to go back the way I came, Andrew thought.  Back toward the office where Suzette was hiding.  Where we heard her screams coming from.  
Shit.  
“Stay behind me,” he whispered to Dani once they reached the mouth of the hall, the juncture from which he could look to his left and see Suzette’s door, half-ajar and plainly in view.  He had snapped off the flashlight before reaching this point and stayed in the relative shelter of the wall for a long moment, unmoving.  
“What are you doing?” Dani whispered.  
“I’m listening,” he whispered back.  
“For what?”
For sniffing, he thought, because even when the tumors had grown over the screamers’ eyes, they’d been able to smell their quarry, a distinctive snuffling.  Truth be told, he was also listening to an equally telltale sound—that of chewing.  Because Lucy and the other primates in the stockroom hadn’t just been mauled to death.  They had been eaten.  
“Come on.” The recessed emergency lights in the hallway were dim but cast enough of a glow so he could see nothing moving.  But the fact that Suzette’s door stood open kept him uneasy, even as he crept out from the adjoining corridor to approach.  He heard the soft whisper of Dani’s footsteps as she fell in behind him.  
They made it several feet down the corridor, then a soft sound, a warbling groan, drew them both to abrupt, simultaneous halts.  It was a woman’s voice, feeble and pained, and it came from beyond the darkened threshold of Suzette’s little office.  
Dani stepped toward the door and alarmed, Andrew reached out, catching her by the arm.  “What are you doing?” he whispered, eyes wide.  
“Someone’s hurt,” she whispered back.  “It sounds like Dr. Montgomery.”
“We can’t go in there.”
“She’s hurt,” Dani said again, brows narrowing.  “We can’t just leave her.”
She was right and he knew it.  Even though nearly every instinct in his body was screaming flight not fight at the moment, he resisted the urge to simply charge past the opened door and run as fast as he could down the corridor.  Because even though he might not have much cared for Suzette at that moment—and even though there would’ve been no way in hell she’d do the same thing for him—he knew she was still alive and needed help.  Especially if the screamers were still in there with her.  
Following Dani this time, he reached behind him, drawing the pistol from the back of his pants.  At the click as he thumbed off the safety, Dani glanced over her shoulder at him.  Taking the nine millimeter into account, she raised her brow.  
“I’m better with this one,” he tried to reassure her.  
She managed a quick smirk.  “Here’s hoping.”
They stood together at the threshold of the office, backs pressed to the wall.  Cautiously, Dani leaned forward, using the barrel of the rifle to ease the door open all the way, sending it swinging inward in a slow-moving arc.  Earlier, emergency lights inside had been aglow, but now there was only darkness.  With her hand, Dani motioned Andrew forward so he could point the flashlight beam into the room, sweeping it in reconnaissance.  
Moving in unison, they stepped through the doorway.  Dani had thumbed off the safety and chambered a fresh round in the M16.  She held it drawn to her face now, her head tilted slightly as she lined up her aim with practiced skill and ease.  Andrew panned the light across the interior, surprised and caught off guard to find no screamers inside.  
There were, however, definite signs of a struggle.  Andrew could see dimpled impressions left in the drywall, places where something had hit the walls hard enough to crack the surface.  Some of the ceiling tiles overhead lay lopsided, the fluorescent light fixture covers dangling from their hinges.  Suzette’s cardboard box of supplies had been overturned and scattered, the packages of crackers stomped on and shredded, crumbs strewn everywhere like a dusting of snow.  Cans of peas and green beans had rolled in all directions, their aluminum lids winking in the Maglite’s beam as it swept past them.  Something else glittered weakly in the flashlight’s glow; dark and smeared on the floor, it glistened like wet paint that had been tracked in on a boot heel.  
Not paint, Andrew thought.  Blood.  
“Oh, God,” Dani whispered as the flashlight found what was left of Suzette.  Sprawled in a heap in the corner of the room, she looked like a rag doll that had been tossed tempestuously about by a toddler on a rampage.  The front of her blouse was covered in blood, her khaki slacks were splattered with it in a grisly patchwork.  Her stomach had been torn open.  The meat of her entrails lay in a glistening, bloody heap against her groin, drooping in fleshy coils to the floor.  
Slinging the rifle over her shoulder, Dani rushed forward, dropping to her knees beside Suzette.  
“Dani,” Andrew began in protest, sweeping the light one last, anxious time around the breadth of the room.  Where’d they go? he thought.  If the screamers had attacked Suzette, they’d been quick about it and even quicker to disperse, which made no sense because they would’ve had no reason.  So where are they, then? Why did they leave?
“She’s still alive,” Dani exclaimed.  She’d felt along Suzette’s neck for a pulse and apparently had found one.  Turning to Andrew now, her voice urgent, she said, “Bring the light over here.  She’s still alive!”
Even as he crossed the room to squat beside Suzette, Dani was on the move again, hurrying toward the desk, the heap of blankets Suzette had piled beneath in a makeshift pallet.  “We can use one of these to make a litter,” she said, pulling a sheet loose, flapping it between her hands to shake off cracker crumbs.  
At this sound, sharp and smart, Suzette’s eyelids fluttered open.  Andrew could see her nose had been broken and was now a swollen and misshapen lump, the nostrils crusted with blood.  Her lips were likewise battered and bloodied, and a narrow laceration zig-zagged down the side of her face, nearly from her hairline to her chin.  Her gaze focused blearily on Andrew and when she gasped, a ragged exhalation of air, blood peppered up from her lips to spatter her chin.  
“It’s alright,” Andrew said, reaching instinctively for her hand.  Their last encounter had been anything but friendly, but all at once that didn’t matter.  She was clearly in pain.  The glazed look in her eyes reminded him powerfully, poignantly of his sister, Beth’s; an injured rabbit caught in a trap that has struggled to the point where it had nearly torn, chewed or clawed its tethered leg loose to free itself.  
“It’s going to be okay, Suzette,” he whispered.  
Her eyes rolled helplessly from him toward Dani, then up at the ceiling, then down again.  She croaked something, a gurgling sound he couldn’t make out.  
“Don’t try to talk,” he soothed.  
She seized the front of his shirt with surprising strength and he gasped in surprise as she pulled him toward her.  “Run,” she hissed.  
With a loud BANG that Andrew mistook at first for gunfire, the ceiling panel almost directly above his head came crashing down.  He caught a blur of motion, felt thrumming in the floor beneath him as something heavy and large sprang down from the narrow open overhead, landing in front of him.  
“Jesus!” he screamed.  That was all he had time for, because before he could even scuttle backwards or raise his pistol in feeble self-defense, the creature—a screamer, one of the deformed, mutated members of Alpha squadron—seized him roughly by the throat, hauling him abruptly off his feet, hoisting him into the air.  
It was hideous, its face and form a twisted, gnarled mess of varicose veins, bulging nodules and pus-filled cysts.  Tumors had covered one of its eyes with stark red lumps and growths, while the other bulged from its socket as if shoved out from behind.  Its lips wrinkled back and the bulbous globe of its protruding eye locked on Andrew’s face.  
“Andrew!” Dani cried as the screamer threw him the length of the room, sending him smashing into the far wall, leaving a crumpled depression in the plaster.  The force of the impact knocked the wind from him and he collapsed in a heap on the floor, his ears ringing, his mind swimming.  
Dani screamed again as with an overlapping series of crashes and thuds, more screamers pounced from hidden alcoves in the ceiling.  They had all been hiding in the claustrophobically small channel between the drop tiles and original ceiling, clinging to conduits, I-beams and whatever else had been on hand to support them.  
“Oh, my God,” Dani shrieked, then she fired the M16, sending a rapid-fire series of rounds scattering into the clustered screamers.  The report was deafening, and with each brutal impact, the screamers danced wildly, jerking and writhing, staggering backwards, falling over.  
“Shoot them in the hearts,” Andrew tried to tell her, but even if he hadn’t still been gasping vainly to catch his breath, he doubted she’d have heard him over the furious ratta-tat-TAT of automatic gunfire.  Now he understood why Moore had told him this when they’d encountered the first creature inside the lab.  The regenerative capabilities caused by his synthetic virus meant anything less than an instantaneously lethal wound would only slow them down.  And probably piss them off.  
The gunshots ceased, the room fading to silence, a lingering haze of smoke and drywall dust hanging in the air.  The screamers all lay sprawled on the floor, tangled together, a mass of mostly indiscernible appendages that had once been arms and legs, feet and hands.  
“What are they?” Dani whispered.  “What the hell are those things?”
That was right about the time one of the screamers began to move, recovering from this initial attack.  A pair of spindly, jointed limbs rose from the heap of bodies, each as big around as Andrew’s forearm and longer than one of Andrew’s legs, grotesquely oversized and insectile.  
When the screamer lifted the remains of its torso up between these two hideously peculiar limbs, Andrew realized they were some of its ribs, that somehow several of the lower bones in its ribcage had fused together, then grown out from its torso in crude protuberances.  Between these and its arms—which had likewise split along fault lines from the vertexes of its thumbs clear to its elbows, separating the hands and the parallel bones of its forearms into separate limbs—the screamer balanced itself, spider-like.  
Unlike O’Malley or any of the others Andrew had seen to date, this screamer’s head remained relatively untouched by the tumor-like growths.  Its mouth looks swollen, its eyes bulging out as the brain matter behind and beneath grew out of control, swelling inside its skull cavity, but its features still looked human, a contrast to its monstrously deformed body that made it somehow even more grotesque.  
“Oh, my, God,” Dani whispered with a breathless, stunned sort of horror, the barrel of the M16 drooping toward the floor.  “Langley?”
PFC Grant Langley—or what was left of him, anyway—scrabbled around, crab-like and swift, at the sound of his name.  His distended eyes swung to lock on Dani’s face and the thin seam of his mouth cut wide, his lips pulling back as he grinned at her, gleeful and deranged.  
“Santoro,” he said, although his voice no longer sounded even remotely human, more a lisping, scraping sound, like fingernails against a chalkboard or a knife blade against a whetting stone.  
The places where Dani’s bullets had struck Langley were healing, new tumors bubbling out like heated air bubbles from a lava bed, regenerated flesh forming to fill in the crater-like points of impact where he’d been shot.  
The other screamers began to stir and rise all around Langley.  The one that had attacked Andrew rose clumsily to its feet, propped on the oversized, gnarled twists of its hands like a silverback gorilla.  One of Dani’s rounds had caught it in the head and glistening, spongy tissue burbled out like the innards of a rotten melon spewing from a fissure.  
Dani moaned.  “Duvall?” she whispered to this one, shrinking back.  Her stricken, horrified gaze panned from screamer to screamer, staring past the tumors and disfigurements, finding enough familiarity in each to recognize them all.  “Parker?”
Another had been shot in the neck, unleashing a gory rush of blood from its punctured carotid artery.  If that wound hadn’t spontaneously healed, then the blood flow had at least been rerouted by the same regenerative abilities, as new blood vessels, each as thick as Andrew’s forefinger, began to grow, vine-like, to encircle its throat, to reach up toward its head in rapidly spreading tendrils and capillaries.  
“Madison?” Dani moaned.  “Oh, God, what’s happened to you?”
“Shoot them,” Andrew screamed.  
“What?” she stared at him, stricken, shaking her head.  She looked back at what was left of Alpha squadron as they shambled toward her, backing her further and further across the room.  “No, no, I can’t do that, I can’t.”
“Dani, shoot them,” Andrew screamed again, stumbling to his feet, grimacing at a sharp, grinding pain that lanced through his lower back at the movement.  
“I can’t!” she screamed back, her voice strained and hoarse.  She’d retreated into a wall and pressed herself there.  To Andrew’s horrified dismay, the M16 tumbled from her hands, clattering to the floor by her feet.  “I know them.”
“Santoro,” Langley hissed again, scuttling forward, swallowing the distance between them in less than a second.  
“What happened to you?” Dani whispered.  “They told us you got sick.  All of you…you were sick.” Her voice cut short in a frightened cry as one of his forked, deformed hands shot forward, its long, spindly fingers splayed wide to frame her face.  
“Santoro.” He continued to smile at her, his grin stretching wider and wider until the skin of his cheeks began to split with the strain, ripping open with a sickening sound, like old parchment tearing along moldering seams.  
“Oh, God,” Dani moaned.  
The flesh under Langley’s chin also split as his neck began to elongate, stretching like molten taffy being pulled to unnatural, elastic proportions.  Further and further, his neck stretched, the muscles and ligaments beneath pulling taut, new blood vessels growing in a bizarre, interlocking latticework, until Langley’s head bobbed at least three feet above his shoulders.  
“Santoro,” he said again, his cheeks rived wide enough so that when he opened his mouth, his bottom jaw seemed to come completely unhinged, dropping unnaturally, grotesquely wide.  She screamed at this, then screamed again as what looked like a pair of chelicerae, the massive fang structures of a spider or crab, suddenly protruded from beneath his upper lip, extending from where he’d carried them retracted and tucked against his upper palate.  This was apparently what had happened to his front teeth and gums, how Moore’s retrovirus had transformed them into something horrific, hideous and new.  
“Dani!” With a desperate cry, Andrew lunged at Langley, plowing into him from the side, trying to knock him away.  Instead, Langley pivoted to greet him, keeping Dani pinned to the wall with one hand and reaching out, catching Andrew with surprising speed and force with the tines of the other.  Those twin spikes locked beneath Andrew’s throat, abruptly snuffing his airflow and he choked vainly for breath, thrashing as Langley hoisted him off his feet, leaving him to struggle in mid-air.  
“Andrew!” Dani wailed.  
“Andrew,” Langley echoed, those grotesque pedipalps waggling.  Arching his back with a sickening series of pops as his vertebrae snapped into new, unnatural configurations, Langley exposed his stomach, bowing it out so that when he dragged the hooked tip of one of his mutated ribs to gouge open his navel, both Dani and Andrew had clear and unobstructed views.  
“Dani.  .  .  run,” Andrew gagged as Langley eviscerated himself, slicing open a thin seam in his gut that split wide with a moist, squelching sound, letting a tumble of intestines suddenly protrude.  Dani screamed, her voice ripping up shrill octaves as the slick coils of entrails suddenly began twitching and moving of their own accord.  Like a nest of snakes uncovered, they began to writhe and wriggle, sliding free in thick, fingerlike projections that reached out from Langley’s belly to touch her, grope at her.  
“Dani,” Andrew croaked.  “For…for God’s sake…”
His voice cut short as Langley threw him across the room, sending him crashing into the wall, bouncing off the desk and slamming face-down against the floor.  Although he didn’t black out from the impact, he hit hard enough for his mind to slip into a momentary murkiness, for his eyes to droop closed and remain that way, at least until Dani’s next shrill, piercing shriek ripped him soundly from the edge of that unconscious oblivion.  
The nasty tendrils of Langley’s intestines had encircled her arms, heading for her shoulders.  She struggled wildly, screaming like a fire bell.  Andrew remembered the video of Langley and the camel spider, the sadistic glee he’d taken in tormenting it.  
He’s toying with her, Andrew thought, gritting his teeth against a swell of dizziness as he shoved his hands beneath him and struggled to sit up.  He’d jostled a broom that had been left propped against the desk in his fall, and when it toppled, the handle barked him in the head.  
“Leave…her alone,” he seethed at Langley, knocking the broom aside.  It was flimsy and cheap with plastic bristles and a lightweight, hollow aluminum shaft.  It was nothing he could use as a weapon, which he was about to need in short measure, he realized, as the other screamers broke away from their tight circumference around Langley and Dani and started shambling toward him.  
Shit, he thought, sitting up, scrambling back toward the desk.  He glanced around wildly, looking for his pistol, which he’d lost in the initial screamer’s attack.  Not that it would do him much good, he suspected.  The screamers were too badly infected with Moore’s virus.  Its regenerative properties were so accelerated now, they were nearly instantaneous, and he doubted even a wound to the heart would be lethal anymore.  He didn’t see the gun, but did spy something else, a rumpled package of Marlboro Lights among the blankets beneath the desk, Suzette’s chrome-encased Zippo lighter beside it.  
He grabbed the broom in one hand, Suzette’s fallen lighter in the other.  His fingers were shaking, so much so, he had to tuck the broom beneath his arm and use both hands to flip back the lid of the Zippo and paw at the flint wheel.  It took him three tries, each one more desperate and harried than the last, before he got it to light, and he whipped the end of the broom around, shoving the flame beneath the angled edge of the grey plastic bristles.  
Please work, he thought, inching back even as the screamers inched forward.  Like Langley, they were fucking with him, playing cat-and-mouse, biding their time so they could take him at their leisure.  They didn’t perceive him as a threat, and hadn’t all along, which was probably why he’d made it out of the forests alive after escaping their snare trap in the first place.  
Because they let me go.  
“Fuck,” he whispered, blowing lightly on the bristles, which had begun to blacken and sear with the heat of the wobbly flame.  They weren’t igniting, but they were smoldering long enough to burn the plastic, to send thickening strands of pungent smoke spiraling toward the ceiling.  
The screamers fanned out around him in a quickly collapsing circumference.  There was the silverback looking one, he of the massive forearms and oversized tree-trunk hands that had initially attacked Andrew.  Another, the one who’d been shot in the neck, now boasted a macabre mask of throbbing, pulsating blood vessels, each thick and glistening, heaped and tangled around its face and neck like mangrove roots.  Another had lost most of its lower jaw in Dani’s initial gunfire; it listed loosely in a broad, irregular maw, its tongue lolling out of the gaping space in between.  The last one had a crest of irregular bony protuberances framing its head, where the upper and transverse processes in its vertebrae, the prominences in its spinal bones, had grown radically and out of control, punching through its skin, fanning out like the frills of some prehistoric dinosaur.  
Larry, Curly, Moe and Shemp, Andrew thought, still frantically waggling the Zippo beneath the broom bristles, even though the lighter had grown hot in his hand, the stink of searing metal growing as acrid as that of scorched plastic.  Enough of the bristles had melted that the entire end of the broom now smoked, stinging his eyes, making him blink against reflexive tears.  
He stepped over Suzette’s outstretched, motionless legs, sparing her a glance.  Her head listed toward her shoulder, her eyes frozen in a sleepy half-blink.  
Damn it, Suzette, why didn’t you come with me? he thought with a momentary pang that might have been anger with her, but more powerfully, was anger at himself.  Why didn’t I make her? Why didn’t I try to make things right with her, do something, say anything so she’d have just shut up and come?
Tilting his head back, he hoisted the broom head aloft.  He’d deliberately moved this way to reach one of the smoke detectors set into the ceiling.  It was a photoelectric variety, and he strained to get the smoking bristles as close to it as he could.  From overhead, a sharp, startling tone suddenly sounded, a woman’s voice coming from hidden speaker plates beneath the ceiling tiles.  
“Warning,” she said.  “Smoke detected in sector nine-seventeen.  Fire suppression system to engage in ten seconds.  Please observe emergency protocol and evacuation procedures at this time.  This is not a drill.”
He didn’t know if the screamers understood what he was doing until that moment, but they figured it out and lunged at him, any pretense of coyness or clumsiness aside.  They charged like grizzly sows defending their cubs.  
“Nine seconds,” the automated woman’s voice said.  
Andrew swung the broom between his hands, smashing the end of it into Shemp’s head as he charged.  The broom handle snapped, the cheap aluminum splintering in two with the impact, but the blow knocked charred and smoldering bits of plastic bristles scattering like confetti and stunned the screamer enough to send it stumbling sideways.  
“Eight,” said the woman.  “Seven.”
The screamer with the broken jaw—Moe, as Andrew had come to think of him—darted in from Andrew’s left.  As Andrew pivoted, it grabbed the broken broom shaft in its hand, trying to wrest it away from him.  
He’d dropped the Zippo, but true to design, the flame had remained lit as it had fallen into some of the blankets from Suzette’s nest.  These had started to smolder, sending more smoke into the air, with small flames beginning to lick at the fabric in widening tongues.  
Andrew shoved against the broom handle, turning it loose as the screamer tripped over Suzette’s corpse.  It floundered for a moment, its bulging eyes seeming all the more wide with surprise, then fell against the burning blankets.  With a startled howl, it scrambled upright, its deformed arms and legs getting tangled in the smoldering folds.  It flapped its arms, danced a mad jig and screeched as it tried to shrug its way free.  
“Six,” the overhead voice droned.  “Five, four.”
The mangrove-looking screamer—Curly, as seemed fairly apt—plowed into Andrew like a runaway bull, knocking him off his feet, pinning him to the ground as they landed together.  Andrew reached up, but rather than grabbing it in a chokehold, felt his fingers sink between the pulsating shafts of its veins.  With a disgusted yell, he clawed at them, seizing fistfuls and yanking, feeling the rubbery tissue squelch and yield beneath his fingers.  Blood spurted as he ripped them open, spraying his face.  As quickly as he could rip open the veins and arteries, he watched new ones grew whip and twine upward to take their place.  
“Three, two,” said the automaton.  “One.  Fire suppression engaged.”
A claxon sounded, sharp and shrill, and then, from overhead nozzles, a thick spray of highly pressured carbon dioxide vapor suddenly plunged down.  Immediately, the room was engulfed in a dense fog.  Andrew managed one deep gulp for breath before it washed over him, obscuring even the screamer straddling him from view.  Clamping his lips together, he held his breath.  
There was no amount of regeneration in the world that could allow an organism to breathe without oxygen and in less than five seconds, the heavy blanket of gas had completely displaced all of it in the room.  The screamer fell away from Andrew and he could see it if he squinted.  It writhed on the floor beside him, pawing at its throat as it suffocated.  Once it was off of him, Andrew acted fast, scrambling to his feet, rubbing furiously at his eyes to get the sting of blood out of them.  Hands outstretched, he floundered toward the doorway until he hit the wall, and from there, he patted and pawed until he found the blue metal box mounted just inside the threshold.  
It’s oxygen, Alice had told him.  Little portable tanks, a mask.  They’re in all the rooms.  Daddy said it’s an ocean standard.  
He found two cans inside, each smaller around than a beer can, but each affixed with a clear rubber face mask at the end of the tapered nozzle, with a little plastic handle for administering the flow of oxygen from can to mask.  Yanking them loose, he shoved one against his mouth and nose, then depressed the trigger.  He heard a soft hiss and took a breath.  
How long before you smother? he thought, panicked.  He spun around and stumbled forward, tucking the second canister protectively beneath his arm.  He didn’t know how much oxygen one of the little cans contained.  Judging by the size, he suspected not much.  They’d been designed to provide enough oxygen for the wearer to get out of the building, not for any long-term survival.  
The carbon dioxide nozzles had stopped spraying, and the hazy cloud began to dissipate.  He could see the silhouettes of screamers sprawled on the floor, still scrabbling weakly with their deformed limbs, uttering horrible, sodden, gagging sounds.  When he found Dani, he fell to his knees.  Taking only intermittent breaths from his mask, then laying the can aside, he tore at the overlapping tendrils of Langley’s intestines, which he’d used to bind her in a gruesome, mummy-like fashion, nearly to her hairline.  Andrew ripped them back from her face enough to find her mouth and nose, then pressed the oxygen mask against her, depressing the plastic trigger.  It took two hits from the canister before her eyelids fluttered, then flew open wide.  He heard her muffled cry against the rubber mask and shook his head at her.  
It’s all right, he tried to convey, leaving the mask on her face.  She was disoriented, though, frightened and confused, and struggled briefly with him, trying to push him away, slapping at him in a frantic frenzy.  After a moment, realization dawned on her, along with recognition, and her struggles ceased.  She uttered a stifled cry then sat up, shrugging and thrashing to work her hands loose from Langley’s guts.  
Working together, they managed to wrestle her free.  Leaning heavily against him, she stumbled to her feet, both of them keeping their oxygen masks over their mouths and noses.  Andrew nodded to indicate the doorway, and she nodded once in affirmation.  He kept a steadying arm around her as they limped together toward the door.  One of the screamers—Larry, it looked like, to judge by its massive, misshapen hands—pawed weakly for them as they passed, and with a muffled cry, Dani danced sideways to avoid it.  It didn’t move again, but they passed it quickly nonetheless, giving the rest of them as wide a berth as possible in their bid to escape.  


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

By nothing short of a miracle, they managed to make their way back to the main entrance of the laboratory, and staggered together out into the night, the darkened expanse of the courtyard.  Only then were they able to cast aside their oxygen masks, and both Andrew and Dani collapsed to their hands and knees, side by side in the grass, dragging in deep, whooping mouthfuls of air.  It was cold outside, the pervasive chill made even worse considering their clothes were soaked with blood.  
Blood and God only knows what else, Andrew thought, sitting up, grimacing as he drew the tacky, soggy front of his T-shirt back, then let it slap against his skin again.  
“I couldn’t shoot,” Dani whispered, her voice strained.  “Andrew, I…I’m sorry.  I couldn’t shoot.  I just kept seeing them in my mind, the way they were.” She blinked at him, her eyes enormous, childlike and fearful, her face streaked with gore, her hair sopping with it, clinging to her scalp and framing her face in messy tangles.  “I knew them.  All of them except Langley…they were my friends.”
“It’s alright.” Hooking an arm around her neck, he drew her against his shoulder.  She trembled in his embrace and he kissed her brow, grime and gore be damned.  “Everything’s going to be alright now, Dani.”
“What happened back there?” she asked with a timid glance over his shoulder at the lab.  
“Inert gas fire suppression,” he said.  “Carbon dioxide.  It’s heavier than oxygen, so it displaces it, puts any fires out.”
“No.” She shook her head.  “I mean, what happened to them? To Langley and the others…to Alpha squad.”
He tried to explain, even though he felt fairly certain her understanding of bioengineering would as limited as his own.  
“Dr. Moore did that to them? On purpose?” She began to rock back and forth against him, clearly in shock.  “ Oh, God.  Oh, my God.”
“It’s alright,” he soothed again, stroking his hand against her hair.  “Come on.  We’re wet and it’s cold.  We need to get one of the trucks and get out of here.” He told her about Moore and Alice’s escape, and what Moore had told him about the roads leading to and from the compound.  
“They’ve been clear the whole time?” Dani asked.  “But why would Major Prendick lie about that? Why would he want us to think we couldn’t leave?”
“I don’t know.” Andrew shook his head.  
They stood together and, huddled against the chill, made their way across the courtyard toward the parking lot and garage.  “What happened to Langley,” Dani said.  “That’s what was happening to Thomas, wasn’t it?” Her eyes had grown tearful at the mention of her friend and when Andrew nodded, she uttered a soft, pained gasp.  “They did that to them, Prendick and Moore.  They meant to do that to all of us.”
They’d neared the parking lot and could make out the looming silhouettes of two heavy duty trucks parked near the garage.  “Where are the keys?” Andrew asked.  
“By my desk,” Dani replied.  “Inside the garage.”
They both spared a long moment to study the garage door, which unfortunately for them, was closed.  
“The power’s out,” Dani said, breaking away from Andrew and squatting in front of it.  “But I think there’s enough room to get our fingers beneath the bottom, try to raise it by hand.”
“Okay.” Andrew crouched beside her, wedging his fingertips between edge of the door and the pavement.  “On three?” 
She nodded and he counted out.  At three, they both furrowed their brows and dug in their heels, grunting as they strained to pry the enormous door up on its tracks.  With a grating squall of metal against metal, it lurched and rumbled slowly, begrudgingly up a few inches.  It was all they could manage before the strain grew too much, and they both released their grips, resting for a moment.  
“If we can get it up a little more, I can crawl underneath,” Dani said.  
“Let’s try again, then.” Andrew slid his hands beneath the metal rim.  “One, two…three!” 
Again, he gritted his teeth as he and Dani both heaved against the door.  This time, the scraping as it rolled up the tracks sounded agonized and shrill.  It moved slightly higher, no more than a few centimeters and exhausted, they had to fall back.  
“Did you mean what you said?” she asked.  “Back inside the lab, when I was still locked inside Moore’s office.  You told me I was your reason.  Did you mean that?”
He looked at her for a long moment, holding her gaze, unable to turn his eyes from her.  Yes, he wanted to tell her.  Yes, I meant it, each and every word.  
“Dani,” he said softly, reaching for her.  He let his fingers brush lightly against her face.  She smiled at his touch, turned her face toward the caress.  
He was so distracted that at first, he thought the sharp ratcheting sound he heard was the door lifting in the overhead tracks, that somehow the power had come back on and its motor was raising it once more toward the ceiling.  It wasn’t until he felt bright, searing pain lance through his right ankle and his entire leg abruptly gave out from underneath him, sending him crashing to the ground, that he realized.  
Gunshots.  I’ve been shot!
“Andrew!” Dani cried, then more shots rang out, the rapid patta-pat-PATTA of an M16 assault rifle set to burst mode, allowing a torrent of rounds to fly from behind them.  They clanged in a noisy, staccato burst against the metal garage door, leaving dented craters with each resounding impact, sending a spray of sparks as they struck.  
“Run,” he yelled, scrambling forward, ducking his head and forcing his shoulders beneath the thick lip of the garage door.  “Dani, take cover!”
 She dove for the garage door, smaller than he was, wriggling beneath more easily.  His waist had cleared, his ass nearly so, but when she reached to help him, getting her feet beneath her again, more bullets punched into the slick concrete floor between them, forcing her to dance back.  
“Stop shooting,” she screamed, even as more rounds pelted into the garage door, an overlapping barrage of drum-like pounding.  “Whoever’s out there shooting, stop,” she yelled again.  “It’s Specialist Santoro and Andrew Braddock.  We’re friendlies! We’re friendlies!”
Andrew had made it into the garage and crawled on his belly away from the threshold, trying to get out of the line of fire, dragging his injured leg uselessly behind him.  Reaching the side of the nearest truck, he sat up against the front wheel and jerked up the cuff of his pants.  The bullet had sheared away a hefty chunk of flesh from the back of his ankle.  Shit, he thought, clapping his hand against the wound.  Blood had soaked his sock and pooled in his boot.  He could feel it there, squishing and hot beneath his heel.  
“Andrew,” he heard Dani call out.  He risked a peek around the truck’s front bumper and saw her crouched against the wall by the partially opened door.  “Are you okay?”
“I’m hit,” he called back.  Using the fender to brace himself, he tried to get to his feet.  Each time he’d settle his weight against his injured leg, however, it would abruptly fail him, sending him crashing to his knees with a frustrated, hurting cry.  “I can’t stand up.”
“Hang on.  I’m coming,” Dani said.  But as soon as she ventured a cautious step forward , new rounds burst out, plowing chunks out of the concrete near her feet and she scrambled back again, yelping in fright.  
“Who’s out there, goddamn it?” she shouted.  “We’re friendly, I said.  Friendly!”
The shots stopped.  As the resonant echoes subsided, a heavy silence fell upon the dark garage.  Then, from outside, a soft but steady sound, the crunch of thick boot treads against concrete.  Footsteps.  
“I would have thought you’d be dead by now, Mister Braddock,” a voice called as a pair of legs stepped into view beneath the edge of the door.  “I’ve given you plenty of opportunities.”
A familiar voice.  
“Prendick,” Andrew seethed.  When the bullets had flown again, he’d shrunk behind the truck’s tire, but raised himself enough now to look beyond the grill.  As he watched, Major Prendick crouched down and entered the garage, crawling the way he’d undoubtedly learned in basic training ages earlier: on his belly, his rifle in his hands, his head raised so he could keep a wary eye ahead of him.  Once inside, he stood again, sweeping his gaze cautiously around, waiting for his field of vision to adjust to gloom.  Cocking the M16, he chambered a round, then clasped the gun at the ready.  
“And you, Specialist Santoro,” he said.  “I’m extremely disappointed in this gross dereliction of duty.  This is going to go down in my report, I’m afraid, along with a recommendation you be brought up on official charges.  You’re looking at a bad-conduct discharge, young lady, along with forfeiture of pay and jail time.  All mandatory.  I hope aiding and abetting Mister Braddock in the undermining of this facility and its operations has been worth it.”
Past the older man’s shoulder, Andrew saw Dani, even though Prendick hadn’t yet.  She’d been crouching, motionless, in the shadows by the doorway, but moved her hand now, reaching for something lying on the floor.  Andrew couldn’t make out what it was until she picked it up and it caught a wink of dim light—a monkey wrench.  Looking across the garage, she met Andrew’s gaze, her eyes round and imperative.  
He read her loud and clear.  
“The only one guilty of anything around here, Prendick, is you,” he snapped, watching the man’s face whip in the direction of his voice.  Prendick swung the gun toward him as well, his finger folding against the trigger, and with a yelp, Andrew scrambled back on his hands and knees as bullets peppered the front end of the truck.  Within the confines of the garage’s interior, the sound was deafening, like overlapping rounds of cannon fire.  
“You missed me,” Andrew yelled, once the echoes faded and the pungent stink of scorched gunpowder began to dissipate.  
He heard the faint squeak of rubber against the floor as Prendick stepped toward him, then the older man chuckled.  Andrew pressed himself onto his belly so he could look beneath the truck.  He could see Prendick from the knees down, as well as Dani as she peeled herself away from her corner by the doorway and began inching along behind the Major, the wrench raised in her fist.  
“You’re a good one to talk about dereliction of duty, you son of a bitch,” Andrew called out, baiting Prendick.  “Since it’s your fault those guys in Alpha squad ended up monsters.  Moore tried to tell you what would happen if you gave them the virus too fast, but you wouldn’t listen.”
“I’m having trouble deciding where I’m going to shoot you next, Mister Braddock,” Prendick said, still in an odd, friendly sort of voice.  
“You set up every soldier in this camp,” Andrew snapped.  “They trusted you and you brought them out here to put that shit inside of them, use them as your goddamn guinea pigs.”
 “Some place that won’t be immediately fatal,” Prendick continued, sounding unfazed.  
“You mean like Idaho?” Andrew called back.  “Because the way you shoot, that’s about all you’re going to hit, you dumb fuck.”
“Some place that’s sure to cause you excruciating pain,” Prendick said, then uttered a little a-ha! sound.  “I know.”
Pivoting, he squeezed the trigger, shooting at Dani.  
“No!” Andrew screamed, just as Dani’s anguished cry overlapped his own.  She jerked in an erratic, convulsive dance as several of the rounds struck her, then she crumpled to the floor, laying in a sprawled, motionless heap.  
“You son of a bitch,” Andrew howled at Prendick, groping at the body of the truck and kicking vainly with his feet as he struggled to rise.  Again and again, his foot failed him and he collapsed.  “You son of a bitch!”
Prendick smiled as he turned away from Dani and approached the truck.  “I’ve done my duty at this outpost,” he said to Andrew.  “Just like I’m doing it now.” 
“Duty? Thomas O’Malley is dead because of you.  Lieutenant Carter’s dead.  All of the soldiers in Alpha squadron, everyone who was stationed here, they’re all dead now because of what you.  That’s your duty?”
“The United States government expects results, Mister Braddock,” Prendick replied coldly when he stepped around the front fender.  Shouldering the rifle, he took aim at Andrew’s face.  “A return on their investment.  Lieutenant Carter wasn’t prepared to give that to them.  Nor, as it turns out, was Dr. Moore.  But their failings—their weaknesses, Mister Braddock—are not my own, I assure you.  I am unafraid to embrace risk in the name of duty, to suffer necessary casualties as a result of those responsibilities.”
The headlamps of a truck facing them, less than twenty feet away, abruptly snapped on, pinning Andrew and Prendick in a sudden, broad swath of bright light.  
“What the—?” Prendick turned as Andrew squinted against the blinding glare, trying to shield his eyes with his hand.  He heard the growl of the engine revving, the squall of its thickly treaded tires against the garage floor.  Like a Rottweiler turned loose from its leash to lunge at a would-be intruder, the enormous vehicle plowed forward.  
Andrew had less than a second to scrabble backwards in frantic alarm, ducking beneath the truck behind him.  Flat on his belly, he clapped his hands over his head, his frightened cry drowned out by the roar of M-923 five-ton cargo truck’s diesel engine as it slammed into the one above him.  When one truck’s massive bumper plowed headlong into the other’s broad, steel-plated flank—mashing Prendick like so much peanut butter in a sandwich between them—it sounded like the eruption of some great and terrible volcano, a caldera of epic and catastrophic proportions that had lain dormant for millennia, its inner stew of magma and searing gases released in a sudden, apocalyptic explosion.  The floor beneath Andrew shuddered violently; a sharp blast of wind from the point of impact buffeted him and the screech of metal against metal, twisting, warping, bending, snapping, ripped through the air.  The force was enough to shove the truck over Andrew’s head sideways a good three feet, and after a long moment in which he huddled against the floor, shaking and shaken, he lifted his head, wide-eyed and breathless, to find himself blinking at the scorched, stinking treads of the other truck’s left front tire.  It had come to a stop less than two inches from Andrew’s head.  
“Jesus,” he whispered.  
With a hissing spatter, antifreeze began dribbling down in a frothy, steaming puddle from the truck’s splintered radiator.  Nearby, another fluid began peppering down, slowly at first, then dripping more steadily—oil.  He became dimly aware of a loud, droning BLAT; the truck horn.  It rang out incessantly, as if someone had mashed their hand onto it and held it fast.  
Moving slowly, keeping his teeth clenched as molten agony speared through his leg with every jostling movement of his shattered ankle, Andrew crawled out from beneath the truck.  By the time he cleared the wreckage, the puddles of engine fluid had widened in broad circumferences, making him slip and slop for clumsy purchase against the slick floor.  
“Dani,” he called out, his voice hoarse and warbling.  With a grunt, he pawed at the step leading up to the driver’s side door, hauling himself up.  Resting his weight on his uninjured leg, he pulled with all of his might, catching the side view mirror and door handle to support himself as he stood.  
“Dani,” he gasped again, slapping at the door.  The horn hadn’t stopped honking, which meant whoever was behind the wheel had slumped across it, either injured or worse.  And because there was no other whoever in the garage to have been driving, that meant Dani had somehow managed to get into the cab and run Prendick down.  
Groaning, he hooked his fingertips into the window frame and tried to drag himself upright enough to look inside.  “Dani,” he pleaded, hitting the window now, leaving palm prints smeared against the glass in blood, antifreeze and grease.  “Dani, open up.  Can…can you…?”
When he fell, he fell hard, losing both his grip and tenuous footing simultaneously and crashing back to the floor.  He barked his chin first on the fender, then again on the steel step, then crumpled into a heap beside the right front tire.  His mind slipped again into a murky haze of pain-induced semi-lucidity, and when he heard the screech of door hinges from the opposite side of the truck cab, Alice’s voice crying out his name, frightened and tearful, he thought he was dreaming.  
“Andrew!” 
He came to being shaken, small hands clutching at his shoulders.  His vision swam into bleary view, Alice’s face, her large eyes standing out in stark contrast to her alabaster skin and dark hair, which clung to her forehead and cheeks in messy, blood-smeared tangles.  
“Andrew,” she pleaded, her voice choked and strained.  Tears spattered in warm, wet droplets from her eyelashes and cheeks against his face.  
“Alice?” he croaked.  Not right, he thought, dazed.  This isn’t right.  You shouldn’t be here.  You’re supposed to be gone.  Long gone.  You and your dad both.  
“Andrew, please,” she pleaded, coiling her fingers in his shirt and tugging frantically.  “I’m scared.  Daddy’s hurt.  He won’t wake up.  Please.”
He felt his mind fade again, his eyelids droop, but when Alice shook him, it startled him awake again, and with a grunt, he shoved his elbows beneath him and sat up.  
“Help me,” he groaned.  She was a child, half his height and probably no more than a quarter of his weight, but she did much of the work and bore most of the brunt as he hobbled clumsily upright again.  The moment he tried to step down onto his maimed foot, he nearly toppled again, and had to balance himself unsteadily between the truck and Alice until the pain subsided.  
Beyond the crumpled front end of the truck, which looked like the lips of a menacing dog turned back in a snarl, he saw Prendick pinned at the midriff, his legs trapped beneath the mangled grill, his upper torso folded over the hood.  Face-down, arms outstretched as if embracing the truck, he lay motionless, his uniform soaked with blood.  
Jesus, Andrew thought.  “Where’s your dad?” he asked Alice.  
“In the truck,” she said.  “He won’t wake up.”
Prendick had dropped his rifle when he’d been struck, and Alice brought it to Andrew so he could use the stock as a crutch.  With Alice’s help, he managed to wrestle the door open and looked up into the cab.  Moore slumped forward in the driver’s seat, his head turned to the side so he faced Andrew, his cheek mashed against the steering wheel.  When Andrew managed to shove him back into the seat, the horn at last fell silent.  Even without a medical degree, Andrew could see Moore was in rough shape.  His nose had been broken, a swollen, misshapen mess.  His lips were busted, his scalp lacerated, his face and shirt soaked with blood.  
“We have to get him out,” Alice whimpered, tugging at Andrew’s arm, pleading.  
How? Andrew thought, at a dismayed loss.  The dash had collapsed around the steering column, trapping Moore’s legs.  “I thought you left,” he said to Alice.  “I thought your dad…he was going to get you out of here.”
“The door closed,” Alice said.  “Daddy got it open but then it rolled shut before we could get out.”
With another pained grunt, Andrew grabbed the door and muffler stack pipe, hoisting himself on his good leg up onto the step again.  “Moore,” he said, keeping one hand on the frame to keep his balance and using the other to reach beneath the shelf of Moore’s chin, fumbling for a pulse.  “Dr. Moore? Can you hear me?”
Moore didn’t answer, but beneath Andrew’s fingertips, he felt a faint, thready vibration.  Moore uttered a sigh, a moist, rattling, laborious sound.  The steering wheel was big, raised enough so when he’d crashed forward at the impact, he’d caught it against his face and upper chest, probably crushing ribs.  
“He’s hurt,” Alice moaned and Andrew glanced down at her.  There would be no sparing her from this, no hiding or disguising it.  No sheltering her.  
Because I’m not going to be able to get him out of here, Andrew thought.  Not without a hacksaw to cut his legs off at the knees.  
“Listen to me.” Biting back a pained gasp of his own, he stepped down from the ruined cab of the truck.  Sitting against the stool was not only a blessed relief to his wounded leg, but it put him down at the girl’s tearful eye level.  “I need you to help me,” he said, cupping his hand against her cheek.  “Can you do that, Alice?”
She nodded and he tried to smile, reassuring and calm.  “Good girl.  Do you remember the little bathroom where we made you a pallet to sleep? There’s a desk right beside it, Dani Santoro’s desk.” God, it pained him to say her name at the moment, because the last he’d seen, she’d fallen to the ground, having taken at least one shot from Prendick’s M16, if not more.  He didn’t want to think about what that might mean.  
“That’s where Daddy found the truck keys,” Alice said.  
“That’s right.” Andrew nodded, still forcing bright nonchalance into his face and voice.  It was working, he could see it in Alice’s face.  He was acting calm, so her own anxiety was dissipating.  “I need you to look around inside the drawers and see if you can find any more keys.  These trucks are too smashed up to drive now.  We’ll need to get another one.”
She glanced up at Moore, momentarily hesitant, then back at Andrew and nodded.  “Okay.”
“Good girl,” Andrew said again, with a smile he didn’t feel.  
He watched her scurry across the dark landscape of the garage, hands outstretched, her feet whispering against the smooth floor.  Then he stood again, and, using the rifle to balance himself clumsily, leaned back into the cab.  
“Moore,” he said, giving the older man’s shoulder a little shake.  After two or three such attempts, Moore groaned, his eyes opening.  His gaze was unfocused, pain-filled and dazed, settling in visible confusion on Andrew’s face.  
“Alice,” he said in a warbling voice that dissolved into a sudden, sodden stream of coughs.  Blood peppered his cheeks and chin with each forceful, painful exhalation, and in the aftermath of the fit, he slumped back against the seat, eyes closed, blood dribbling down his chin.  
“She’s alright,” Andrew told him.  “She’s not hurt.”
He didn’t know if Moore had passed out again or not, at least until the other man nodded once.  “Good,” he murmured, a faint croak.  His hand flopped out, groping weakly at the front of Andrew’s shirt.  “Don’t…let her see me…like this.”
“I’m going to get you out of here,” Andrew said.  
Moore peeled back one eyelid and regarded Andrew for a long, wheezing moment.  “Son, you’re going to be doing good to…get yourself out of here.”
The corner of his mouth hooked in a smile and Andrew managed a hoarse laugh.  “Don’t worry about me,” Moore said.  “Just…get Alice out.” When Andrew started to protest, he shook his head.  “My aorta is ruptured.  I…can tell from my breathing…the pain in my chest.  I’m bleeding to death.  Do you understand?”
Stricken, Andrew stared at him.  
“You…can’t stop it,” Moore continued with a grimace.  “There’s nothing you can do.  So promise me…please.” Again, his hand hooked against Andrew’s shirt, pulling the younger man near.  “Take care of Alice,” he whispered.  “Please.”
“Alright.” Andrew nodded, but it was too late.  Moore’s fingers uncurled, limp and loosening, his hand drooping to dangle lifelessly in the open doorway.  His breath rattled to a moist, strained halt and his eyelids drooped to a sleepy, eternal half-mast.  
Oh, Jesus.  Andrew stumbled back from the door, leaning against the barrel of the rifle, teetering unsteadily.  He cut his eyes around, but there was no sign of Alice.  He thought he could hear the soft sounds of rustling from somewhere across the room, in the direction of Dani’s desk.  
Then he heard another rustling, this one much closer and when he turned, he realized that, contrary to popular misconception, Major Prendick was alive and well.  Or if not well, then at least lifting his head from the wrinkled hood of the truck.  
“Oh, Jesus,” Andrew said.  


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

“Glaaaggghhh.” 
Prendick uttered a horrible cawing sound, his mouth slack-jawed and agape, blood drooling down in thick streams over the outer edge of his bottom lip.  His eyes punched into Andrew, round and wild, the cornea on his left side stained red with hemorrhage.  His hands moved against the hood of the cargo truck, fingers splayed wide and outstretched, scrabbling and slapping at the crimped metal.  
He’s still alive.  Andrew shrank back in horror, hopping on his good leg as he snatched the M16 between his hands.  Oh, God, how can he still be alive?
“Glllaaaaaggghhh,” Prendick squawked, his fingernails scraping the metal hood like a slate chalkboard: Screeeeeech! He began to shrug his shoulders and wriggle at the waist, twisting from side to side slowly at first, then more quickly, fervently, furiously.  
He’s trying to get loose.  Oh, Christ, he’s trying to get to me.  
What had Dani had told him about firing the rifle?
Turn the safety off.  There’s a switch on the side panel.  Turn it to semi.  
“Major Prendick, you…you shouldn’t be moving,” Andrew stammered helplessly, pawing at the rifle, thumbing the toggle switch to arm it.  “You’re pretty messed up.”
Prendick uttered a warbling croak, then vomited blood, sending a thick torrent splashing against the smashed front end of the truck, down into the steaming, exposed engine components.  Still, he thrashed against the grill, and Andrew heard a moist grinding sound as flesh and bones, meat and guts began to rind and rip.  
“Stop,” he cried out, hoarsely, shouldering the rifle.  His hands were shaking, his balance unsteady, and the barrel waggled erratically this way and that.  “For God’s sake, Prendick, stop it!”
With a sickening, wet tearing sound and even more horrific POP as his spinal column snapped like a pencil bent too far too fast, Prendick wrenched himself free.  Or, more specifically, the top half of him.  His upper torso, head, shoulders and arms all suddenly toppled to the floor in front of Andrew, leaving the rest of him—everything from the navel up—pinned against the side of the cargo truck.  Blood immediately spurted in grisly fountains from severed blood vessels, and a heaping pile of entrails left exposed from his torn abdominal cavity spilled out.  
“Jesus Christ!” Andrew forgot himself in his shock and horror, and stepped down onto his maimed heel in recoil.  Immediately, pain lanced through his entire right side, and with another cry, he collapsed to the floor.  The gun slipped from his fingers.  With a strained grimace, Andrew reached for it, arm outstretched.  His fingertips brushed the butt and he crawled forward on his belly, mewling at fresh pain.  
Just as he slapped his hand against the stock, Prendick grabbed hold of the rifle by the barrel.  
“Glagggh,” he said and Andrew screamed again because there was no way Prendick could still be alive, no way in hell Prendick could still be moving around, never mind grabbing for a goddamn gun, not cut in two like he was, with half of his guts on the garage floor behind him, the other half smeared out across the front end of the cargo truck.  
Andrew stared in terrified shock down the short length of the muzzle and into Prendick’s face.  His brows were furrowed, his lips pulled back from his teeth in a blood-stained smear.  Again, he uttered that awful, cawing sound—“Glllaaaaagghh!”—then Andrew pulled the trigger.  
He’d inadvertently set the gun to burst again, not semi, and a wild stream of bullets suddenly spewed from the barrel.  The rounds ripped into Prendick, punching baseball-sized craters where his left eye had been, pulverizing his nose, shearing back the skin of his cheek and splintering teeth beneath.  Andrew screamed the whole time, even as the gun jerked and shuddered in recoil, forcing him to lose his grasp.  As his finger slipped from the trigger, the gun fell still and silent, leaving a thin film of acrid smoke lingering in the air between him and Prendick.  
“Andrew,” he heard Alice cry out, frightened.  
“It’s alright,” he called back, but his voice was strained and shrill, sounding anything but alright.  But God, oh, man, the last thing he wanted was for Alice to come barreling around the corner and find the bisected remains of Mitchell Prendick sprawled on the floor, not to mention the body of her dead father still slumped behind the wheel of the truck.  
“But you were shooting,” he heard her hiccup, a tremulous, tiny sound.  “I heard you scream.”
“Everything’s okay.” He managed to sit up, get his knees beneath him, then flipped the safety back on and used the rifle to prop him as he stood.  “Just stay where you are.  Okay? I’m coming to you.”
And then, through that thin haze of gun smoke, he saw something moving on the floor, something wriggling and twitching, like an oversized earthworm caught on the sidewalk on a warm summer’s day, a nightcrawler struggling to make it back to the loam.  
A whole nest of them, in fact, Andrew realized, as the smoke thinned further, and he could see more of them now, those peculiar, snakelike things squirming on the floor.  Like fingers, he thought.  Reaching for me.  
“Oh, shit,” he whispered.  
The gunshots had at first covered a sound he now heard clearly, like a rotten walnut slowly cracking open to reveal blackened, festering meat within.  Snap-crackle-POP went this curious, nasty sound, then something crawled out of the smoke and shadows underneath the wreckage toward him.  
It wasn’t Prendick, not exactly, not anymore.  
Like they had with Langley, the lower sets of his ribs had broken free from the bands of costal cartilage securing them to the sternum.  In Langley’s case, these ribs had grown, protruding through the flesh in new, arm-like appendages.  With Prendick, they had lengthened, but also sprouted articulations, like the jointed legs of a spider or scorpion.  These spindly limbs fanned out beneath the ruins of his torso, while he used his hands to arch what remained of his spine back, lifting his head, cobra-like, from the ground.  Again like Langley, the mess of his eviscerated guts seemed to have come alive, a writhing, intertwining mess of intestines and colon, like the tails of a swarm of rattlesnakes thrumming in menacing admonition.  
“You took the virus,” Andrew said.  “Moore’s retrovirus.  You injected it into yourself.”
Prendick’s remaining eye rolled toward him, a pale blue disk floating in stark, ghoulish contrast to the bloody-red of his cornea.  The tips of his rib appendages, squared-off and raw, made wet squelching noises as they tap-squish-tap-TAPPED on the floor, propelling him forward with an insectile efficiency.  The popping sound Andrew had heard as Prendick had torn himself in two had been the sound of the base of his spine wrenching free of his pelvic girdle.  Although at first the length of it trailed behind him like a grisly tail, he raised it now, as if the vertebrae had become flexible, hinged joints instead of a fused column.  His spine arched behind him like a scorpion’s tail, and likewise, capping the tip like a spear was the ragged point of Prendick’s tailbone.  
“You stupid son of a bitch,” Andrew whispered and Prendick screeched, lunging at Andrew, the whip of his spine striking, scorpion-like and lightning fast .  Andrew ducked sideways, hunching his shoulders, and heard a loud, hollow crash as the tip punched into the side of the truck behind him.  
Prendick’s shriek was eclipsed by another, this one high and trilling, as Alice scurried around the back of the truck and caught sight of him.  
“Alice,” Andrew cried, pulling the trigger again, grasping the gun with both hands to keep it steady while he sprayed Prendick with a wild volley of bullets.  He could hear them ricocheting off the concrete floor.  Prendick began to screech and through the gun smoke, Andrew could see the horrible mass of his entrails flapping and flailing.  
“Come on!” Wheeling about, floundering with his wounded leg, Andrew grabbed Alice beneath the arm and hauled her in step.  Using the gun like a cane, he hobbled, hopped and otherwise hauled ass however he could toward the garage door.  
“Wait! What about my daddy?” Alice cried out, then stumbled and fell to the floor.  Andrew stooped, getting his arm around her, then they both looked up to see Prendick on the move again, scuttling on those horrific little legs across the tarmac.  Alice screamed, and Andrew let loose another crazed round of rifle blasts, shattering chunks out of the floor.  
“Hold on to me,” he told Alice, grabbing her about the waist.  He felt her arms first lace, then lock around his neck and he stumbled to his feet, supporting her against his hip with one arm, holding the rifle like a crutch with the other.  
“He’s still moving,” Alice wailed as Andrew shambled for the door.  She was small, but while he might have ordinarily bore her slight weight without a problem, he was half-crippled and hurting, just barely making any headway.  
He’s not going to stop, Andrew thought grimly, brows furrowed, teeth gritted, tendons standing out, taut and strained, in his neck.  Not going to stop moving, or coming after us.  Not until he hunts us down and kills us.  Because it’s like Moore said.  That’s what animals do, and that’s what he’s become.  Hell, it’s what Prendick’s been all along.  
He limped past Dani, and thought it was only a trick of his eyes, the drape of shadows, when he saw her move.  He paused long enough to look again, then heard a soft moan.  
“Dani!” Leaning over, he set Alice on the ground, then hobbled to Dani’s side.  She’s alive, he thought, uttering a hysterical, happy, relieved laugh.  Oh, God, she’s alive!
“Dani, can you hear me?” There was no time for niceties, not  with Prendick behind them.  He dropped to his knees and took her by the shoulders, giving a firm shake.  “Dani, wake up!”
“He’s coming,” Alice whimpered, pointing.  Andrew glanced up, saw a hint of movement among the shadows: Prendick scuttling in the dark.  This time, when he fired the gun, he managed to do more than chip olive drab off the Army trucks or knock holes into the floor.  One of the rounds hit Prendick high in the remains of his torso, shearing one of the spindly, spider-like legs at the base.  With a shriek, he danced sideways, then back-scrambled, disappearing beneath Andrew’s old work Jeep for cover.  
“You hit him!” Alice sounded delirious, caught between joy and hysterics.  
“That won’t stop him long.” Andrew shook Dani again, harder.  “Dani, wake up.  Alice, help me get her on her feet.”
Together, they pulled and tugged, and by the time they forced Dani upright, she’d roused somewhat.  Dazed and bewildered, she blinked first at Andrew, then down at Alice.  
“What’s going on?” she murmured.  
Prendick scuttled from beneath the Jeep, dragging the slithering mound of his entrails behind him.  He’d flattened the length of his spinal column to crouch beneath the Jeep, but hoisted it now, curling it up behind him, the tapered point of his tailbone poised to strike.  
Dani caught sight of this and stiffened, her breath drawing to a sharp, horrified halt.  “Oh, my God.”
“Come on,” Andrew said.  They lumbered together toward the door, listening all the while to the nasty tap-squish-tap-TAP as Prendick darted after them.  
Dani looked over her shoulder, one arm around Andrew’s neck, the other around Alice’s.  “Oh, God.”
“Don’t look back,” Andrew said, but Alice did, too, and began to mewl with panicked fright.  
“He’s too fast!” she cried.  
“Take her.” He didn’t know to whom he was speaking more directly, Dani or Alice, but in any case, he shrugged himself away from Dani and hoisted the rifle again.  “Keep going.  Don’t stop until you’re outside the garage.”
With that said, he laid down a sweeping burst of gunfire in Prendick’s direction.  Prendick danced from side to side, scuttling wildly.  He didn’t retreat, however, as he had before, instead darting and ducking around the bullets.  The jointed segments of his ribs folded as he crouched, then he pounced at Andrew, hands outstretched.  
“Shit!” Andrew shot wildly, missing Prendick altogether in his floundering, backpedaling panic.  Prendick hit him hard, knocking the M16 from his hands as they crashed to the floor together.  
Prendick clamped his hands around Andrew’s neck, abruptly cutting off his airflow.  Andrew opened his mouth wide, straining for breath, pawing wildly at Prendick’s thick, strong fingers.  He struggled beneath Prendick’s crushing weight, as the spindly points of Prendick’s ribs dug down to restrain him.  From over Prendick’s shoulder, the wicked curve of his tail bone raised again, waggling momentarily before swooping down at Andrew’s head.  
Shit! Andrew jerked to his left and felt the rush of wind as Prendick’s coccyx whipped past him.  The concrete beneath him shuddered as the tip plowed into the floor.  Prendick reared his tail back and Andrew cut his head to the right as again, he narrowly avoided a blow aimed squarely for his nose.  
He bucked his hips, kicking his legs furiously, feeling the nasty, wet coils of Prendick’s intestines sliding around his thighs, his knees, tightening around him, holding him down.  The need for air was growing desperate and agonizing.  Andrew clawed at Prendick’s hands, his vision growing murky, his mind even more so as he struggled vainly for breath.  
He heard the sharp report of automatic rifle fire from somewhere close by, then felt Prendick jerk above him, the interlocking clamp of his fingers at last loosening around his neck.  Another burst of gun shots and Prendick fell to the side, the looping folds of his entrails sliding against Andrew’s legs.  Gagging reflexively, clutching at his throat, Andrew rolled onto his side, whooping for air and pedaling his feet weakly to dislodge Prendick’s guts.  
“Get up,” he heard Dani say, and he blinked up in bewildered surprise to see her shouldering the rifle.  She leaned over, reaching for him.  “Andrew, come on!”
With her help, he stumbled to his feet, hopping to keep his weight off his injured ankle, keeping his arm draped across her shoulders.  Even as she dragged him toward the doorway, he could hear Prendick moving behind them, recovering from his latest wounds.  He glanced back and could see the convex curve of his tail as it raised once more into the air.  
Dani followed his gaze.  “Shit,” she hissed, tugging frantically against Andrew’s waist, urging him forward.  “Come on.  Hurry!”
The only way he could manage to keep in step was to force himself to rely on his wounded leg.  Putting pressure down on his shattered heel left him almost instantly reeling from the pain, and he struggled to keep himself from falling over, taking Dani with him.  By the time they made it past the threshold, ducking beneath the overhang of the garage door, he was breathless all over again, this time in pain, his body coated in sweat.  When Dani drew her arm away, he fell to his knees, swooning.  
“He’s coming,” Alice wailed.  
 “We have to get the door closed.” Shambling under the strain of her own wounds, Dani turned and went back to the garage.  
Prendick was less than ten feet from the door.  Both her aim and proficiency with the M16 had surpassed Andrew’s, and she’d shot off all but one or two of Prendick’s appendage-like ribs.  Without them, he’d lost the advantage of his arachnid-like speed, but none of his murderous ferocity, that feral determination to kill.  He crawled now toward the threshold, dragging himself forward inch by grueling inch with his arms, using the stump of his spine to shove him along from behind.  When he saw Dani in the doorway, he paused long enough to lock gazes with her, to set the tips of his spilled entrails twitching again.  
“Bitch,” he seethed, the only distinguishable English he’d uttered since Moore had plowed into him with the truck.  
Dani grabbed the door and grunted, tugging on it.  “Alice, help me,” she cried after a futile moment.  The little girl hesitated, shied next to Andrew, then scurried forward at Dani’s desperate beckon.  
Together, they pulled frantically at the door and Andrew heard it scraping along the tracks as it rolled down an inch or so.  
“Bitch!” Prendick snapped from inside the garage, moving faster now, hauling himself forward, peeling his fingernails back, bloody, ragged, raw as he scraped them against the floor.  
“Oh, God,” Dani cried, because within two feet, he’d be upon them, and already, the snaking tendrils of his intestines were spreading out ahead of him, nearly reaching her boots.  “Pull, for God’s sake!”
With a hoarse groan, Andrew forced himself to stand, to shamble in a clumsy circle and return to the garage.  Standing between Dani and Alice, he wedged his fingers in between the metal panels in the door and shoved.  Again, the door screeched as it dropped another precipitous inch.  
Alice screamed, a high-pitched peal of pure, unadulterated terror, and fell abruptly away from the door, like a cartoon character slipping on a banana peel.  She hit the ground hard and Andrew had a half-second to realize one of the looping coils of Prendick’s entrails had wrapped, vice-like, around her ankle, and then she was jerked beneath the garage door, back into the shadows beyond.  
“Andrew!” she wailed, the last syllable of his name scraping out, shrill and frantic: “Ooooooooooooo!”
“Alice, no!” he cried and dove after her, turning loose of the door and forgetting that his damn ruined ankle would no longer bear his weight.  He ducked beneath the overhang of the garage door, arms outstretched as he sprang, and as he hit the floor, landing on his belly, rapping his chin hard on the concrete, he felt his fingertips brush against Alice’s.  
“I’ve got you!” He scrabbled, catching her by the wrist.  “I’ve got you, Alice.”
“Andrew,” she squealed, caught now in a tug-of-war as Prendick jerked her toward him.  “Andrew, help me!”
“I’ve got you,” Andrew said again, fighting to keep his grasp on her arm.  “Let her go!” he shouted at Prendick.  
Prendick wrinkled his teeth back in a gruesome parody of grin, then whipped his tail around, striking at Andrew.  Alice screeched and Andrew rolled to the side as the tip of his coccyx struck the ground.  Prendick may have been injured, but he was strong as hell, stronger than Andrew had anticipated, and in that moment of distraction, Andrew nearly lost his grip on Alice when Prendick gave a mighty heave on her ankle.  
She screamed, piteous and panicked, and Andrew looked wildly around for anything he might use as a weapon.  He heard the whistle of wind as Prendick drove the wicked hook of his tail bone at him again, and this time when he rolled, he felt the bone scrape against his cheek as it struck the floor millimeters from his face.  
Fuck, that was close, Andrew thought, not wanting to consider the sort of damage could incur if one of those vicious strikes hit home.  He saw a wink of light against metal to his left—the wrench Dani had dropped when Prendick had shot her.  It had skittered across the floor when it had fallen from her hand and now lay within a few feet of his own.  
I can reach it, he thought, stretching out his free hand, fingers splayed wide.  Shit, almost! He cut a glance at Alice, then cried out, rolling again as Prendick drove his tail toward the base of his skull.  The jagged tip whipped past his ear close enough to lacerate his scalp in a stinging stripe.  
“Andrew,” Alice cried.  
I have to get that wrench, he thought.  Another glance at Alice, into those wild, wide, terrified eyes.  If I let her go…
He shook his head.  There was no way he’d risk it.  The only thing keeping Prendick’s attention—and most specifically, his tail—diverted from her at the moment was Andrew, and if he turned her loose, even for a millisecond, it might be all that it took for Prendick to hurt her.  
“Don’t let go,” she pleaded, as if having read his mind, clutching at him desperately with both hands.  “Please, Andrew!”
“I won’t,” he said, teeth gritted as he strained to reach the wrench.  His fingertips fumbled against it, knocked it further beyond his reach.  Shit!
“Look out,” Alice cried and Andrew tucked his head and jerked again as Prendick’s tail smashed into the concrete beside him.  He’d long since battered the sharpened wedge of bone to bits, but the regenerative capabilities of the retrovirus kept refashioning it, rebuilding it anew.  Now more than one point, it had grown into three, a deadly triton of bony spines, each nearly as long as Andrew’s forearm.  
Shit! Andrew thought as Prendick struck at him again, then again, forcing him to scramble and flip like a fish caught on a line, struggling all the while to keep his hold on Alice.  Desperately, he strained as far as that grasp would allow and grabbed hold of the wrench.  He heard the whip of air as Prendick attacked, and swung the heavy wrench around like a baseball bat, smashing the triton tip aside.  He heard the definitive, sickening crunch of bony, and Prendick uttered a high-pitched screech.  
“Let her go,” Andrew yelled, smashing at Prendick’s intestines with the wrench, bludgeoning the thick coils, pummeling them over and over until they began to squelch open and burst.  “Let her go, you son of a bitch!”
Prendick lunged forward, gnashing his teeth, and from the doorway came a sudden, thunderous burst as Dani fired the M16.  Bullets plowed into Prendick’s deformed trunk, punching wet craters into the meat of his torso, splattering the twining tentacles of his guts.  He shrieked and thrashed, violent and enraged, and at last, Andrew felt the resistance against Alice slacken.  
“Keep shooting,” he screamed to Dani, scrambling backwards, yanking Alice away from Prendick.  
“Come on!” Dani cried out over the booming reports of gun fire.  
“Can you run?” he asked Alice, hooking his arm around her waist, As he stumbled to his feet, he leaned on the girl to keep from putting his weight on his maimed side.  
“Can you?” she gulped back, eyes wide and frightened, all-too aware of the pain he was in.  
“Yeah,” he said through gritted teeth.  I have to, he thought.  Furrowing his brows, he bit back a strained cry as he forced himself to try anyway, in the end dragging his right foot behind him.  
“Close the door,” he yelled to Dani as he dove back onto the pavement outside, holding Alice pinned against him, her face tucked into the nook of his shoulder.  “Close it.  Hurry!”
Once he was clear, Dani threw the gun aside and seized the door again.  Even in the dim light and heavy shadows inside, he could see that Prendick was on the move again.  The deformities in his face and head as the battered tissue regrew, swelling out in protruding masses, soon swallowed any distinguishable from his silhouetted form.  There wasn’t anything evenly remotely human left in that shape.  
Gritting her teeth, Dani heaved with all of her might.  Andrew limped upright and helped her, falling against the door, putting all of his weight against it as he pulled.  With a sudden, shuddering lurch, the door came crashing down, slamming into the plane of concrete beneath it.  
From the other side of the door, they heard Prendick screech, that inhuman, furious sound, then the metal plate shook as he barreled into it from the opposite side.  Over and over again, he battered into the door, causing it to shake violently in its tracks.  
“He can’t get through,” Dani said, her voice breathless and shaking, on the verge of hysteria.  She looked at Andrew, wild-eyed and trembling, her face and clothes blood-soaked and torn, and began to laugh.  “He can’t get through! Oh, my God.  We did it.”
He hooked his arm around her and they crumpled together.  She shuddered in his embrace, clutching at him, laughing and sobbing all at the same time.  Beyond her shoulder, he could see Alice staring, glassy-eyed and shell-shocked at the garage, watching it shake with each furious blow.  
“Alice.” Easing away from Dani, he reached for her, crumpling to his knees so that when she stumbled hesitantly toward him, he could fold her into his arms.  She didn’t weep, didn’t make a sound, but simply shivered against him, her fingers twining anxiously against the front of his shirt.  
“It’s alright.” He kept saying that over and over, mantra-like, as he rocked her back and forth.  “It’s alright now, Alice.  I promise.  Everything’s going to be okay.” 


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

“My daddy’s dead, isn’t he?” 
Alice had found the keys to one of the compound’s Humvees, and the hulking truck jostled and bounced beneath them as Dani drove them down the mountain toward the highway.  As she had on the night Andrew had first met her, she sat behind the wheel, clutching it in her hands with such force, her knuckles had turned white, and the dim light from the dashboard instruments cast her face in an eerie glow.  
Andrew sat in the back with Alice curled beside him, her head resting on his shoulder.  He’d found some blankets in the rear of the truck and wrapped them around her.  Dani had the heater going full blast, belching hot air throughout the cab, but still Alice trembled like a dried leaf caught in a maelstrom at his side.  
As she spoke, her voice was small and tremulous.  Her hair was damp with grime.  He could see the pale skin of her scalp in places where the locks had clumped and coiled together and the sutured edge of one of her most recent trepanation wounds.  
 “I’m sorry,” Andrew whispered.  
Because that’s what people say when they find out someone’s dead, Dani had told him once, back when he’d still thought of her only as Specialist Santoro, before he’d come to understand that everything he’d felt for Lila Meyer had been a lie, a pale and distant shadow to what love would truly be when he stumbled across it.  
Alice looked up at him, her large, dark eyes swimming with tears.  Lost.  That was how she looked.  He recognized that disconnect and shock that had glazed over her eyes.  He’d seen it in his mother’s, as well as his own, when Beth had succumbed to lupus.  
Lost.  
“Did you cry when your sister died?” she asked.  
Andrew nodded.  “Yes,” he said.  “I cried a lot.”
“Oh, good.” She offered a crooked smile, her tears spilling.  “Then I’m doing it right.”
****
The nearest hospital was in Pikeville, the eight-story regional medical center housed in a building of unexpectedly contemporary design, fronted on all sides with smoky glass windows, sharp angles and a cool, clinical façade.  Dani pulled the Humvee beneath an overhang in the back outside of the emergency ward, the place where ambulances customarily docked to deliver patients.  
“You can’t tell them anything about what happened,” she said, turning in her seat to look at Andrew.  Alice had long-since fallen asleep during the nearly two-hour drive, and rested with her cheek against his heart.  “Only that you got shot, okay? Just let me handle it.”
He started to ask why, righteously indignant, then remembered what Suzette had told him upon his arrival at the camp.  Top secret.  Hush hush.  
“I’ll call my C.  O.  in New York,” Dani was saying, only now she seemed to be talking more to herself than to him.  Like Andrew, she was in shock from both blood loss and pain, and rocked in the driver’s seat back and forth, like a little girl in need of the bathroom.  “He’ll know what to do.  There’s a base in Fort Knox.  They can send someone to take care of things.”
A man in a rent-a-cop uniform tapped on the Humvee window, a hospital security guard.  When Dani jumped in surprise, then opened the door, he stepped back a wary distance and studied her for a moment, taking into account her ghastly pallor and shell-shocked eyes, her wet, blood-stained clothes and battered, disheveled appearance.  
“What seems to be the trouble, miss?” he asked, suspicious enough to drape his hand against the sidearm he wore holstered at his hip, to flip back the restraining strap with his thumb to allow himself ready access to the pistol if needed.  
“I’m Specialist Daniela Santoro, with the U.S. Army National Guard.” Dani held up her hands, palms facing the guard.  “There’s been an accident.  I have civilians in my truck.” At this, the guard glanced past her into the Humvee, catching sight of Andrew and Alice, now roused somewhat and blinking in sleepy bewilderment.  “Please,” Dani said, drawing the man’s gaze again.  “We need help.”
****
 “Andrew Braddock?” one of the nurses asked, a fresh-faced kid who looked for all the world like he’d just graduated from high school.  
They had just finished transporting Andrew inside, having transferred him from a wheeled stretcher to a hospital bed in a brightly lit emergency room bay.  They’d begun removing his clothes and connecting a variety of medical equipment and instruments to him, an automatic blood pressure cuff around his arm, a pulse and blood oxidation monitor to the tip of his index finger.  
“Where’s Dani?” he’d asked repeatedly.  “Where’s Alice? Please, are they alright? I want to see them.”
The hospital staff bustled and buzzed around him, a ceaseless blur of uniforms and faces, people talking to him, around him and about him.  It was enough to make his head—dazed to begin with—spin all the more.  He couldn’t imagine how terrifying and bewildering it would be for poor Alice.  
They hadn’t let him see her, or Dani, either, but he’d been able to overhear them at least in part from one of the neighboring bays as they’d tended to Dani’s injuries.  She was the worst off of the three of them, and he’d caught a glimpse of her on a fast-moving wheeled gurney, with a crowd of harried nurses around her as they’d wheeled her away from the ward for surgery.  
“That’s your name, isn’t it?” a male nurse asked him.  “Andrew Braddock?”
“Yes,” Andrew said.  “How did you know?”
 “I’ve seen your picture in the paper,” the nurse replied.  “You’re the guy who went missing a few days ago, back in the hills, right?”
“They’ve been looking for you,” another nurse said, taping down a clear plastic I.  V.  port beneath the bridge of his knuckles, then began fiddling with the line, making sure there were no kinks or constricting loops.  
 “Who has?” Andrew jerked again at the doctor’s light but painfully persistent prodding.  
“The sheriff’s office,” the nurse replied.  “Couple of good-sized search parties, too.  Your disappearance has been the most excitement we’ve seen in these parts for awhile.”
She seemed friendly enough, sympathetic, and when she moved to leave his bedside, he caught her by the wrist.  
“Please.  There was a little girl with me.”
“She’s fine,” the nurse soothed.  
“You don’t understand.  Her name is Alice Moore.  She’s autistic.  Just let me talk to her for a minute.  I can—”
One of the doctors did something to his ankle at that moment, which though unseen, felt akin to peeling back the flesh with a pair of needlenose pliers, then prodding the molten tip of a fireplace poker into the raw, exposed meat beneath.  Andrew cried out sharply, and the doctor gave a nod to the nurse.  
“Give him two milligrams per minute, morphine sulfate by push,” he said, and within moments, the nurse was fiddling with the intravenous tube again, this time inserting a filled hypodermic syringe into another plastic port in the line.  
“What is that?” Andrew asked, alarmed, because the last time someone had poked a needle into him, as it had turned out, they’d been identifying him as a potential subject in a bioengineering experiment.  
“It’s medicine,” the nurse said.  
“It will help your pain, Mister Braddock,” the doctor told him.  
“Everything’s going to be alright,” said the nurse and about that time, Andrew felt his eyelids drooping, his mind growing cloudy.  The pain in his leg became something distant and vague, like a nightmare that upon waking, is nearly forgotten, with only the lingering unease it inspired remaining.  
****
 “Mister Braddock?”
Andrew felt his mind emerging from this subterranean bliss, a murky sea of clouded dreams.  He was only dimly aware of something draped against his face, some kind of tendril-like tubing he could also feel against his arm in loose coils.  When his eyelids fluttered open a dazed half-mast and a man came into view leaning over him, dressed in military fatigues, Andrew had a moment of stark and bewildered terror.  
Prendick made his way out of the garage, oh, Christ, and found me!
With a gasp, he sat up, flailing his arms, trying to knock away what he thought were Prendick’s entrails that had reached out again to grab him.  It took him a disoriented, frantic moment before he remembered where he was
the hospital in Pikeville
and that the tubes he’d mistaken for Prendick’s snake-like intestines were instead the IV lines delivering clear fluid and blood into twin ports in his hands.  The soldier above him wasn’t Prendick, but a tall, lean black man, his hair shaved high and tight, his expression stern-faced and stoic beneath the rim of his hat.  
“Mister Braddock?” he said.  “I’m Captain Darnell Peterson with the Office of the Special Assistant Commanding General, U.S. Army Armor Center, Fort Knox.”
I’ll call my C.  O.  in New York, Dani had said when they’d arrived at the hospital.  He’ll know what to do.  There’s a base in Fort Knox.  They can send someone to take care of things.  
With a groan, Andrew glanced around, taking in his surroundings.  A jumble of broken bits of memory flooded his mind all at once, from being wheeled into the emergency room to a series of radiography suites after that.  He seemed to have fuzzy recollection of being asked for his signature on papers and forms, consent for surgery, a smiling nurse had told him.  They needed to operate on his ankle.  
“Where’s Dani?” he asked, his voice hoarse, little more than a croak.  “Specialist Santoro.  Is she alright?”
Peterson nodded.  “She’s going to be just fine.”
“I want to see her.” Andrew grimaced, trying to sit up more in bed.  His foot had been immobilized in some kind of soft, inflatable cast.  It looked like a astronaut’s boot.  
The Captain smiled at him, a practiced, polished and patently insincere sort.  “I’m afraid that’s not possible, Mister Braddock,” he said.  
Andrew frowned.  “Why not?”
“She’s been transferred to the Keller Army Community Hospital in West Point, New York.”
“She’s gone?” Andrew asked, startled, and when Peterson nodded, he stammered, “But I…I didn’t say…” I didn’t get to say good-bye, he thought, stricken.  I never told her that I love her.  
“She was transported yesterday, shortly after Alice Moore left.”
“What do you mean?” Andrew asked.  “Where did she—”
Peterson cut him off, cool and smooth.  “She’s been remanded to the charge of the state of Massachusetts, a ward of the court.”
What?
“It’s my understanding that Edward Moore had sole parental custody of her, that her mother had signed away her rights in the last year.  With no surviving family to take charge of her, until such time as Dr. Moore’s estate has been settled, guardianship reverts to the state.”
“But they’ll lock her up.” Andrew tried to swing his legs around, to get up and out of bed, but that damn inflatable boot was apparently hooked up to some kind of machine through a network of tubes, keeping it inflated, and thus hampered his efforts.  “They’ll put her back in Gallatin, goddamn it! How could you let them take her?”
Peterson looked mildly insulted at this.  “I didn’t let them do anything.  I’m afraid the girl is well beyond the Army’s realm of responsibility, Mister Braddock.”
“What the hell is your realm of responsibility, then?” Andrew snapped.  “What are you doing here? Get out of my room.”
“I’ve been authorized to debrief you on the events that occurred at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Appalachian Research Facility,” Peterson said.  
“I don’t need debriefing.  I was there.  I know what happened.”
Despite the fact that Andrew was getting more pissed off by the moment, Peterson remained cool and collected.  “You were injured in a motor vehicle collision.  You were brought to the research facility for medical attention.  While you were there, an incident occurred in which some National Guardsmen attempted to carry out an isolated act of domestic terrorism.”
“What?” Andrew shook his head.  “That’s not how it happened.”
Just let me handle it, Dani had said.  Was this what she’d meant? 
Peterson continued, ignoring Andrew’s interruption.  “Through the heroic efforts of others stationed at the compound, including base commander Major Mitchell Prendick, the attempt was thwarted.  Unfortunately, several people, including Specialist Santoro, were injured and others lost their lives during the incident, including Major Prendick and Dr. Edward Moore, a civilian contractor working at the facility.”
‘There’s a base in Fort Knox.  They can send someone to take care of things.  ’ That’s what she told me.  That’s what this is, what this guy, Peterson, is telling me.  They’re taking care of things—by sweeping it all under the rug.  
He managed a humorless laugh.  “You son of a bitch,” he said to Captain Peterson.  
“That is all you are authorized to disclose about this incident, Mister Braddock,” Peterson said.  “Any deviation from this account will result in your immediate arrest and prosecution for trespass on federal property.”
“Yeah, I know.  Title Eighteen, Chapter Sixty-seven, Subsection Thirteen-eighty-something, am I right? Punishable by up to six months in jail and a fine of five grand.  I’ve already had that run down.”
“Good.” Peterson nodded once, that smarmy smile at last withering from his face.  His mouth drew in a thin line and his brows narrowed slightly.  “Then you understand how this works.”
Andrew locked gazes with him.  “Perfectly.”
Peterson turned on his heel and walked briskly to the door.  
“Captain,” Andrew said, making him pause and glance back over his shoulder, one brow arched.  “What’s going to happen to the facility?”
“I don’t see how that’s any of your concern.”
“I mean, are you going to send more troops there?” To claim the bodies, he wanted to add, but couldn’t muster the words, not with visions of Dani’s squad mates, Maggitti, Reigler and Spaulding, all dead in the corridor of the house of pain, or Suzette’s body mangled and sprawled in the corner of a vacant office.  
And then something Peterson had mentioned earlier came to mind: With no surviving family to take charge of her, until such time as Dr. Moore’s estate has been settled, guardianship reverts to the state.  
How could he be sure Moore was dead?
He licked his lips because his mouth suddenly felt tacky and dry.  “You’ve already sent troops there, haven’t you?” he asked with a sudden, sinking feeling.  
The corner of Peterson’s mouth hooked wryly, as if he found Andrew’s visible apprehension amusing, pathetic or both.  “It’s a fifty-one million dollar research facility, Mister Braddock.  Fifty-one million.  A containment crew was dispatched from the moment we learned of Specialist Santoro’s survival.  Once they’ve secured the facility and assessed the situation, I’ll forward their report along to the appropriate agency personnel for further consideration and action.  It’s fairly standard protocol.”
“Did they open the garage?”
Peterson looked puzzled.  “Their orders are to sweep and secure all of the compound buildings and—”
“Did they open the garage?” Andrew shouted, balling his hands into fists, making the little LED monitor near his bedside that had been monitoring his heart rate suddenly begin firing off a rapid series of beep-beep-BEEPs.  
At this, Peterson’s lips puckered, as if he’d tasted something sour, and his brows narrowed.  “I would assume so, yes.”
Then they’re already dead, Andrew thought, leaning back against the pillows.  “You son of a bitch.” Again, he laughed, a hoarse, dismayed sound.  It was either that or burst into tears.  “You’ve killed them all.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

“They have horses, Andrew!”
One month later, Andrew sat on the couch in his apartment, feet propped on the coffee table, a freshly opened bottle of Harp in one hand, his replacement iPhone in the other, and listened as Alice chattered excitedly in his ear.  
“They have stables and a barn and a riding ring and they said I could take lessons every day.  They even gave my own horse! Not to keep or anything, not forever at any rate, but they said I could ride her whenever I feel like it, as much as I want.  Her name is Sunshine and they let me feed her carrots.  She eats them right out of my hand!”
“Gross.  Horse slobber,” Andrew said, making her laugh, a high-pitched, happy sound.  “I’m just kidding.  I’m glad you like it there.”
“I love it!” she gushed.  
As it had turned out, when Moore had sued the state of Massachusetts to have Alice released from Gallatin, in the process, he’d made sure that no one would ever be able to institutionalize her there again.  He’d left specific instructions in his will, along with a sizable trust in Alice’s name, that placed her in the custody and care of Cochrane Academy, a facility in western Massachusetts specializing in the long-term treatment and care of autistic children.  
“Two of the girls in my therapy group told me there are dance lessons in the fall, too.  Ballet and tap.  I want to take them both.”
“Wow.” He tried to feign the appropriate note of enthusiasm.  “That sounds like fun.”
In the weeks since his return, Andrew had been keeping an eye on the internet, straining for any hint of news from the Appalachian region that might give him a clue as to what might have happened to Prendick.  
A containment crew was dispatched from the moment we learned of Specialist Santoro’s survival, Captain Peterson had told him.  Which meant that Prendick had, in all likelihood, been freed from his prison inside the garage.  Suzette had told him the screamers would suffocate within a week, that the virus would cause growths to block their airways, but Andrew was no longer so sure.  
Search Continues for Missing Hunters.  That had been the headline on Google News, cached from the Times WV newspaper online edition two and a half weeks ago.  The WV stood for West Virginia and the hunters who were being sought had disappeared from the heavily forested area surrounding the small town of Elkins in this very same state.  
“How’s your ankle?” Alice asked him over the phone.  
“Getting better.” As he spoke, he tilted his head back, took a long drink of beer, then looked at his outstretched leg, wiggling his foot experimentally.  “A couple more weeks, and they think I can lose the cast.” 
When Prendick had shot him, the bullet had ruptured his Achilles tendon, among other things.  The moon boot from the hospital in Pikeville had been replaced with a plaster cast after he’d been hospitalized for more reconstructive orthopedic surgery in Pittsburgh.  He’d worn the cast for several weeks, transitioning only recently into the walking variety that looked better equipped for hitting the ski slopes than the sidewalk.  But his occupational and physical therapists had both been pressuring him to walk as often as he could, forcing upon him a daily regimen of exercises to support and strengthen the repaired tendon.  
“Does it hurt?” she asked.  
“Not at all.”
“Liar.”
His mother had come to stay with him upon his release from the hospital, and had only returned to Alaska a few days earlier.  To his absolute astonishment, his father had flown in from Anchorage, as well, and Katherine had told him that Eric had kept a nearly constant vigil at his bedside during his first few days in the hospital, when he’d been in and out of surgery, heavily sedated.  
Eric had come to the apartment only once, and if Andrew had answered the door himself things might have wound up differently.  As it turned out, Katherine was with him, and she had let Eric inside.  Andrew had hobbled in from the kitchen on the damnable crutches he’d been forced to use for a time, and he’d stopped in the living room, staring at his father face to face for the first time since that awful night at the Pagoda Restaurant.  
“Dad.  Hey,” he’d said, a non-confrontational greeting he’d since come to blame on the Percocet he’d still been taking pretty regularly for pain.  
“I brought you some kung pao pork,” Eric had replied, looking anxious, as if expecting Andrew to throw another punch at him.  He held a grease-spotted white paper sack in his hand, Chinese take out.  “You…uh, used to like it best, you always said.” 
Andrew had shrugged, the crutches digging ruthlessly into the meat of his armpits.  “I still do,” he’d said, and that was it.  The big reconciliation with his dad.  It wasn’t like they’d gone back to the way things were before, or like that night in North Pole had never happened, but it had been a fresh start, in any case.  For both of them.  
On the phone to Alice, he said, “How about you? Still having bad dreams?” 
Though he heard only silence on the other end of the line, in his mind, he could see her retreating into herself, her bright expression faltering, her smile growing slack.  She’ll shrug her shoulders once, he thought, and drop her eyes down to the floor.  And I’ll have to coax her back now, find a way to draw her out.  
“Never mind,” he said.  “Tell me more about this horse of yours.  What’d you say her name was, Sunset? Sunrise?” 
Another silent moment, then Alice said, “Sunshine.” And with that, she returned to him, emerging from the shadows into which even passing mention of Kentucky had forced her to retreat.  “She’s a quarter horse, chestnut colored with dark brown mane and tale.  She has a white star on her forehead.  She likes it if I scratch her there.” 
“She sounds terrific,” he told her with a smile.  
Were Dead Fowl Mutilated or Killed By Hunters? read another news headline, linking to an online article about a string of Canadian geese carcasses found in the wooded region outlying Horse Shoe Run, West Virginia in the expansive Monongahela National Forest.  
And another from three days earlier: Body of Missing Hiker Found, describing the gruesome discovery of a woman’s eviscerated corpse following an exhaustive search in the Dans Mountain Wildlife Management Area outside of Lonaconing, Maryland.  
Andrew had pulled out his iPhone and carefully plotted each of these points into his mapping application.  Just out of curiosity, he’d told himself, watching with a growing sense of dread as the points had seemed to indicate a very clear, if not direct line running north from the eastern edge of Kentucky toward New England.  
From right about where Moore’s DARPA facility was to here, as a matter of fact, he’d thought.  It’s like someone or something is working its way from Kentucky to Pennsylvania.  
He doubted either Suzette or Moore had anticipated the voracity of the virus they’d custom designed, or just how accelerated the new tissue growth would become once it had overwhelmed its host.  Who knew what Prendick was capable of anymore? Given the regenerative properties the virus had imbued him with had seemingly no limitations, Andrew was willing to bet that Prendick could have not only overpowered any additional troops deployed to the compound, but escaped them as well, retreating into the woods like the screamers of Alpha squadron before him.  
Where he could survive quite nicely for a long, long time, Andrew thought.  Survive and hunt.  And wait.  And grow.  
“Next week is Family Weekend,” Alice told him.  “They’re having a picnic on Saturday, with hot dogs and hamburgers.  My teacher said we’re going to do silly sports, like run a race with your leg tied to your mom or dad’s, or while you’re carrying an egg in a soup spoon.” Her voice grew small, fragile.  “Will you come?” 
He smiled.  “Of course I will.”
“Maybe you could bring Dani with you?” She phrased this as a question, left it hanging hopefully in the air.  
His smile faltered.  “I don’t think so.”
He hadn’t seen Dani since Pikeville, hadn’t talked to her, hadn’t as much as exchanged an email or text message.  He’d gone as far as trying to look up her home phone number online, finding a listing for Antonio Fernando Santiago Santoro, with a spouse listed as Daniela E.  He’d wondered what the E stood for, and felt a lingering melancholy to realize he’d probably never see or speak to her again to find out.  He’d dialed the number a thousand times, but hung up before it would connect.  The one time he’d let it ring through, a man had answered, presumably Tonio.  Andrew had promptly hung up, abashed.  
She’s married, he kept telling himself.  Let her go.  Move on with your life, for God’s sake.  She’s married.  
“But I’ll be there,” Andrew promised Alice.  “Trust me, after all the practice I’ve had lately hopping around on one foot, we’re a shoo-in for first place in the three-legged race.”
After hanging up the phone, he leaned his head back and closed his eyes.  Like Alice, since leaving Kentucky, he, too, had suffered some moments of definitive night terror, with visions of Prendick’s outstretched tentacles, the sick, squelching sounds as they’d moved so fresh in his mind, he’d swear he could still hear them, see them, smell them in the apartment.  He’d been spending more nights on the couch than in his bed since his homecoming from the hospital.  He couldn’t explain why, but thought maybe being closer to the front door—an avenue of escape—made him feel better.  
He looked down at the iPhone in his hand, studying that grim little line of missing or mutilated bodies on the screen.  The longer he studied it, the more troubled he felt.  West Virginia.  Maryland.  Next up, Pennsylvania, he thought with an uneasy shiver and a glance at the nearest window, the imposing darkness that lay beyond.  It’s like something following a trail.  Hunting, almost.  Working its way north.  Working its way toward me.  
At the sound of a soft tapping sound from the front door to the apartment, he jerked in surprise, then had to laugh at himself.  “Jesus,” he muttered, because he had himself jumping at shadows.  
Like Prendick’s going to slash his way through the forests to track me down, then bother to be polite and knock.  
With a groan, he lugged his ski boot down off the coffee table and hobbled to his feet.  Truth be told, he felt ungangly in the walking cast, no matter how much therapy he had to adjust to it.  He felt like Frankenstein’s monster as he lurched along.  Pausing at the threshold, he leaned forward and peered through the security peep hole.  
 “Dani?” he gasped, opening the door, not convinced he wasn’t seeing things.  But there she was, standing at his door even though New York City was a good three hundred miles away from Johnstown, a four-hour drive at least.  Dressed in a simple cream-colored sweater with a tan leather jacket shrugged atop and her lips unfurling in a hesitant smile, she was every bit as beautiful as he remembered.  
“I’m getting a divorce,” she said.  
That was it.  No greeting, no ‘hey, partner,’ or ‘how’s it going’ or ‘nice to see you again, Andrew.  ’ He blinked at her stupidly.  “What?”
Dani took a deep breath as if mustering resolve, then said, “The night we met, the night you crashed, I’d driven out to Powell’s Creek.  That was the only town with a post office near the base.  I’d written Tonio a letter, told him I want a divorce.  I’d sealed it in an envelope with my wedding ring inside.  I was on my way back when we almost hit each other.”
Andrew stared at her, wordless.  Her eyes had glossed over with tears and she swatted at them as they fell, smearing them against her cheeks, even as she laughed.  “I keep thinking about what you said.  How everything happens for a reason, and how I was yours.  I think you’re mine, too, Andrew.  My reason.”
Without another word, she stood on her tiptoes, clasped his face between her hands and kissed him fiercely.  He drew her against him, deepening the kiss, feeling her relax against him, her mouth opening in warm invitation.  Her breasts pressed into his chest, her fingers splayed through his hair and for a long moment, they stood that way, tangled together in the corridor outside of his apartment.  
“So are you going to invite me in now?” Dani asked, her voice low and breathless when at last, they drew apart.  “Or do you want me to rip your clothes off and do you right here in the hall?”
****
Later that night, she jerked beside him with a frightened cry, her body wrenching so violently, so rigidly, at first he thought she was having a seizure.  “No!”
Startled awake, he reached for her.  “Dani?” 
They had fallen asleep spooned together in his bed, the curves of her buttocks nestled in near-perfect complement with his groin and his arm draped across the slim indentation of her waist.  Bleary and bewildered now, he started to sit up, but she struck at him, her hands balled into fists, her hair hanging in her face in a dark, disheveled tangle.  
“No,” she cried, her voice shrill with panicked terror.  “No, no, get them off, get them off, get them off me!” 
“Dani.” He caught her by the wrists, and she struggled with him, wailing in frightened protest.  “Dani!” Grasping her by the shoulders, he shook gave her a firm, forceful shake.  “Dani, wake up.”
At once, she fell still and blinked at him, her dark eyes round and glistening in the dim light coming through his window.  A light tremor worked its way through her slender body, and when she spoke, her voice came out quavering.  “Andrew?”
She looked around, pushing her hair back behind her ears, getting her bearings.  Slowly but surely, the frightened tension drained from her body, but the trembling remained, growing stronger, more insistent.  
“It’s alright,” he said, touching her face gently to draw her gaze.  
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, and when he drew her into his arms, she crumpled against him and burst into tears.  “I…oh, God, I thought I was back in the lab, back when they had me.  When Langley had grabbed me and those things were wrapped all around me…those horrible things coming out of his body.”
“It’s alright,” he said, holding her, rocking back and forth and kissing her head through her hair.  “I promise, Dani.  It’s over now.”
At length, her sobs subsided and he felt her relax.  Her shudders waned to trembles, then dissipated altogether, but still, Andrew rocked her in his arms.  Again he thought of the map he’d made, the line that seemed to be working its way north, heading with a deadly, brutal accuracy.  
West Virginia, then Maryland, then on to Pennsylvania, he thought again.  New York comes next, then east to Massachusetts.  Hunting us down, one by one.  First me, then Dani.  Then Alice.  
The ones who had stopped Prendick.  The ones who had escaped.  
He leaned down and kissed Dani’s brow.  “It’s alright,” he whispered again.  “It’s over now.” In his mind, he added: God, please, let it be over.  






ABOUT THE AUTHOR

“Definitely an author to watch.” That's how Romantic Times Book Reviews magazine describes Sara Reinke.  New York Times bestselling author Karen Robards calls Reinke “a new paranormal star” and Love Romances and More hails her as “a fresh new voice to a genre that has grown stale.” Find out more about Reinke and her work at: www.sarareinke.com.  
