						
Acknowledgements

	There are a lot of people who are responsible when an author writes a book. It is rarely just a writer and his medium, be it paper, computer, word processor or just thoughts in his head. No, there are many people involved.
	I guess the first people I have to thank are my parents. They have always supported me; reading my horrible stories about crazy monsters and aliens. I spent many nights on their bedroom floor due being scared of whatever I read or watched on T.V. I wore their patience thin, but they always bought me a horror book when I asked.
 In order to write you need a muse. Who do you write for? Why do you write? Does your muse inspire your content or just fuel your ambition to write? Me? Well I write for my wife and daughter. They inspire me to write (not the content, believe me). I guess I hope they will be proud of what I have done and what I hope to accomplish. And if one day I can make a better living than I’m making now, so be it.
	After your muse you need some sucker who you can bounce ideas off of. Lance, you always gave great critiques and never held any punches. Also, the great writers on fanstory.com; all of you helped me tremendously in polishing my works.
	Once you have an idea and a ‘willing’ reader, you need someone to give you a chance. My email inbox is full of reject letters from many different magazines and anthologies. It’s ok; I’m a big boy and can handle some rejection. But, there is one reply which is not a reject. Wil Stanton, the owner, publisher, editor and all around head honcho at Exiles Magazine gave me my chance. He published my stories when no one else would. Even after taking some heat for my story “Found” he still stuck by me and I’m thankful. Exilesmagazine.com if you are looking for some great reading from some less-then-well-known talent.
	I almost never read these acknowledgements in the beginning of any book, but I hope you have. Enough boring stuff, it’s time for some blood soaked horror.






















Contents:
Found
December Wind
Dinner Party
Hack
Driving By Moonlight
Shower Scene
My Beauties
Smooth Jazz
The Man in the Tweed Suit
Sweet Young Thing









Bits of Bone
			
					       
By: Daniel J. Volpe





































FOUND
"Can you help me? I'm lost." Bryan looked down at the source of the petite voice. A young girl, no older than five, stood at his side, chocolate ice cream smeared across her face and hands. She had tears welling up in her doe eyes and she spoke again. "Mister, I can't find mama. I'm lost," she began to sob.
He looked at the girl and immediately felt sorry for her. "Well let’s see if we can’t find her," he said in his sweetest voice.
She smiled holding out her grubby, chocolate stained hand, which Bryan grasped. "Where did you last see her?" he asked looking around at the few people left on the boardwalk. Most were young couples and none had the look of a worried mother.
Bryan was old, but didn't look a day over eighteen. His sandy hair and cool blue eyes exuded youth and he figured that these features were why the girl approached him. He looked nice.
"She went to the bathroom and I was supposed to wait, but I didn't. There was a boy with a puppy and I went over to pet it." She looked around, "When I went back, she was gone."
“Ok," said Bryan, who was now only half listening; rather he was scanning the area. "We'll look around a little bit more."
They started walking farther down the boardwalk when the girl gave his hand a tug. "We need to go thataway. The bathrooms are thataway," she said.
He tugged back, a little too hard. A small whimper escaped her throat. "I know they are that way, but she may be out looking for you so she wouldn't still be there." He forced a smile.
"May-maybe I'll just go over there and wait for her," her voice was filling with fear. "She told me to wait and I'm sure she'll be back."
"Nonsense," he said, "we should go down and check the beach. She might have thought you went down by the water or under the boardwalk." Bryan pulled her along the darkening walk-way.
New tears began to form in her eyes, not from being lost but from being found. "I wanna go by the bathrooms," she said a little louder this time. A couple of teenagers looked at them, but nothing more than a parting glance. When the police questioned them later on, they would say they saw a man but for some reason couldn't remember a thing about him.
He squeezed her hand harder, her fragile bones rubbing together. Bryan looked down at her, "I'm trying to help you, don't you get it," he spoke through his teeth in a deep guttural growl. He found an exit off of the boardwalk and down to the beach. The girl was weeping, fear keeping her from screaming out.
A sliver of the sun rested on the horizon before resigning to the inevitable. Darkness blanketed the beach and the area under the boardwalk was as black as pitch.
"Look," he said pointing under the boardwalk, "there she is." Her eyes lit up and he began pulling her towards the darkness.
Once under the boardwalk she said, "Momm-," her voice was cut off by Bryan's strong hand around her throat. Her large eyes bulged as lifted her off of the ground pulling her face to his. Fear and pain washed over her when she saw Bryan open his mouth. His jaw creaked and cracked, opening like a snake. Sharp, razor like fangs closed over her head and in an instant her entire body had been consumed whole. He looked at the lump in his gut and rubbed his hands over it, making it flat.
Bryan reappeared on the boardwalk and a moment later was stopped by a frantic young woman.
"Excuse me, sir, have you seen a little girl in a pink shirt about this high?" she placed her shaking hand about three feet from the ground.
He rolled his eyes back as if deep in thought, "No, sorry. Just a bunch of teenagers down there, but I'll keep my eyes open." She patted his arm and sped off towards the beach.
Bryan walked away and noticed something sticky on his hand. He brought it up and saw a brown stain on his palm. His vile tongue came out of his mouth, tasting the stain. "Chocolate ice cream," he said under his breath. A sly grin surfaced on his lips as he walked down the boardwalk into the waiting darkness.
DECEMBER WIND
I huddle against the door jamb, bitter December wind slicing through my light jacket. The credit card feels like ice in my numb fingers, but it works anyway. A small 'click' and the front door opens. Deja vu crawls over me and I know that I have never been in this house before but everything looks so familiar. I don't worry about a dog barking, Julie said that Max died in the summer, which is good for me. 
Julie, my goddess, my love, the one thing I will never obtain in this life. 
The stairs creak and groan, but I know this night will be perfect and no one will wake. Pictures of Julie, her brother and parents line the wall going up the stairs. So cute. I’m at the top and I see four doors. Now, one is her room, the others I'm not so sure of. My eye lids slide over the globes in my face, shhh, brain is working. I can feel her…there. A plain wooden door is slightly ajar and I smell her vanilla and lilac perfume. 
I touch the wooden grip of my Dad's Chief special .38 snub nose revolver. He was passed out and made it all too easy for me; he keeps it in his nightstand, how original. 
I open the door the rest of the way and there she is; my prize. The one thing I have wanted since grade school and the one thing I will never have (she made that quite clear). The soft moonlight makes her flesh look like porcelain and her chest rises and falls with every slumbering breath. 
I take the gun from my pocket and point the short barrel at her face. Tears slide down my cheeks, thinking of how shitty she's gonna look when this 158 grain bullet slams into her head at 800 feet per second. 
I pull the hammer back with a click, and her eyes flick open. Fear dances across her face, and I shoot her. The report deafens me, but I don't care. Her parents are ripped from their slumber, scrambling around. I look at her face, a tiny hole below her left eye. Huh, not as much damage as expected. I push her limp body over and lift her head. There's the gore I had expected. The bullet made an exit wound the size of my fist and Julie's brains dripped onto my sleeve. No more spelling bee championships for her. 
I lie next to her, cradling her gently, taking her lovingly into my arms. There is no sound but for the ringing in my ears; I don't even hear her parents come crashing in. The tiny barrel rests lightly against my bottom teeth, gunpowder and cordite bitter on my tongue. A bright flash and there is nothing but darkness. 
In the bedroom there are two sounds; the shrill wails of parents who have brutally lost a child and the cold, relentless pounding of the December wind.
DINNER PARTY
Kevin Haim slept quietly, yet this sleep was far from peaceful. The demon was lurking in his soul, disrupting his slumber. Finally it had become too much. His eyes flew open, his naked chest slick with sweat. The room was cool; the open window and the early March air made it so, but this wasn't sweat from the heat. He blinked the sleep from his eyes and ran his fingers through his long blond hair. It felt greasy and gritty, like he washed it with GO-JO, but without the sweet orange smell. 
He shivered and got up to shut the window. He must have stood too fast and he was hit by a wave of nausea. Kevis fought the urge to puke and looked for something to put on; the sweat felt like ice clinging to his body. An old Metallica t-shirt soaked up the majority of the sweat when he put it on, but now he wore a cold, wet shirt. Now that he was covered, he needed to calm his stomach. 
His apartment was a tiny studio above a Mexican convenient store on North Street in Middletown. The owner Manuel ("typical," Kevin thought when they met for the first time) was a decent landlord in some ways. He wasn't on Kevin's ass for the rent, which was good since he had been without steady work for months. On the other hand the place was dump. It smelled like hell. The odor of stale Mexican food wafted up from below and the stench of cat piss came from the ceiling. He thought that everyone of Middletown's strays were living in there, pissing and shitting all day long. No stove, only a hot plate, a nasty slop sink in the corner, a small dresser and nightstand, along with Kevin's mattress, were the only amenities in the room. The bathroom was in the hall, which he didn't mind; he was the only tenant and usually had free range to take a half hour shit if he wanted to. 
He spotted what he was looking for, his trusty D.A.R.E. mug, half filled with old tea. He picked the black mug up off the dresser, threw the tea bag into a plastic bag and downed the cold, black tea. It went down rough and for a moment he thought it was coming back up. He held it down and walked over to the slop sink to rinse the mug. 
A small mirror bounced his tragic reflection back to him and he stopped. His once vibrant blue eyes now looked like thunderheads sunken into his hollow cheeks. The Metallica shirt, which once used to cling to his muscled chest, now hung from a gaunt frame. Kevin just stared at the ghost of himself, the mug falling from his hand, a small piece chipping away on the scarred wooden floor. 
Thin, yellow fingers reached up and touched his face. He recoiled from the sight of the grotesque digits, until he realized they were his own. They explored his rough features, the patchy stubble sprouting from his cheeks, the small, white scar on his pimply nose. He was entranced with the man in the mirror and would've stood there forever had the strange trance not been broken by a car alarm outside. 
He jumped at the sound, now realizing that a fresh batch of sweat had popped out while he was staring into space. The demon was returning and he was hungry; Kevin just hoped he could feed it. He walked back over to his bed, his stomach feeling like water. Something was gonna come out, he just didn't know what end it was coming out of. He opened his nightstand drawer looking for the tools necessary to satisfy the beast. 
He hoped the thin needle, rubber hose, spoon and lighter were right where he left them. He hadn't shot up since the early morning and the red face on his clock said 5:15pm. Almost twelve hours; damn, had he slept for that long? Oh well, he would feel better soon. He began to set up his operations; the hose tied around his arm like a hug from a loving parent. The needle, which still contained some of his blood and heroin from his earlier trip, was set down like the Holy Fucking Grail. Now for the stuff; Kevin pulled a small square of wax paper from the drawer and looked at it. It was empty, but he had more, he had to have more. Five more squares littered the floor, all empty. He pulled the drawer from the rails and shook it upside down, nothing. He ripped the hose from his arm and threw it across the room, then he began to cry, the nausea was getting worse and he was going to puke. 
Kevin hated puking, he would much rather shit himself all day then puke once, but he didn't have a choice. His stomach retched and he barely made it to the slop sink before the tea came spewing out. Numbness and tremors invaded his body as he lay on the floor, one hand clinging to the slop sink. Finally his stomach had knotted up, nothing left to come out. He rinsed his mouth with the dingy water and collected his thoughts. 
‘How the fuck did I get here?’ he thought. His back was against the wall as he sat on the floor, the bitter taste of vomit still clinging to his gums. The question flew through his mind, thinking back to the better days, before his addiction, the days with his family. One day stood out above the rest, his last blown chance and his last day at home. 
******
"I'm going to kill him this time! God dammit, I fucking mean it!" screamed George Haim. His balding head was a terrible shade of red. 
"George, calm down; you don't know what he's doing. Maybe he was playing video games with Bruce and he just decided to stay the night." This was the voice of non-believing reason, Patty Haim. They both knew that their son was getting high; it wasn't the first time he hadn't come home. 
He shot her a look, "And maybe today I'll shit rainbows, Patty." He sat down and looked at his watch, 6:27, he had to be at work by 8 and if he didn't leave soon he would miss his train. George sipped his coffee and stared at the front door, while she moved lightly around the kitchen trying to prepare lunches for her other two children. 
"Two weeks Patty, two weeks he's been out of rehab and now he's back on the shit!" He sipped again but took too much, burning his tongue. "This is it, I mean it!" Patty her light brown hair in a sloppy pony tail, just continued to finish her tasks. "He's out; I'm not going to have a fucking junkie under my roof anymore!" 
The sound of footsteps coming down the stairs alerted Patty, "Not in front of the other two, please George." 
He frowned and more carefully sipped his coffee. Rachael and John came walking into the kitchen. 
"Brush your teeth?" questioned Patty. The twins both made mock grins, showing all of their budding adult teeth. ‘Almost ten,’ thought Patty of her two youngest. ‘Where does the time go?’
A car door slammed and heavy feet began walking up the porch stairs. Kevin was home. Patty looked at her husband, the red hue returning to his face, his neck beginning to bulge at his white collar. "Come on kids," she said patting the two on their heads. "You don't want to be late to school." 
They both looked at the clock on the microwave and John said, "But it's only 6:30, school isn't for another 30 minutes." 
Patty didn't want them to see what was about to happen, so she did what any good mother would do, she lied. "I know that silly, but I have to go get milk so I can make cookies later." The twins looked at each other with a hungry gleam in their eyes at the thought of cookies. "So, grab your stuff and head out to the car, I'll meet you out there." 
"Ok," they said in unison, grabbing their lunches, and running towards the garage. 
Patty placed a hand on George’s shoulder; which was like a quivering rock. "Please George, try to relax." She pecked him on the cheek and followed her twins outside. 
The pristine, blue front door with the polished, brass knocker swung open and in came Kevin. He was coming down off of his high and only wanted to sleep, but his father had other plans. George grabbed his son's arm and pulled the sleeve up. The needle mark was barely scabbed over. 
Kevin’s glossy eyes met his father's, "Sorry Dad." 
The anger of all of the rehab trips and jail visits bubbled to the surface. George punched his son in the face knocking him to the ground. 
Kevin didn't try to fight him, his body was too weak, and he just lie there and bled. 
"You," George had tears in his eyes, "get your shit and get the fuck out of my house." Tears streamed down his face as he looked at the shell of his oldest son, his baby boy the junkie, cowering on the floor with blood dribbling from his lip. He turned his back and saw the picture of Kevin in his football jersey hanging on the wall.
Kevin was slow to rise, his body still weak from the drugs, "But Dad, where am I supposed to go?" He knew he fucked up big time. The first time he did the jail-rehab combo he thought he was dead meat. The second time his father didn't speak to him for weeks; now just two weeks after completing another 28 day rehab he was back at it again. This was it. 
"I don't care where you go, just know that if you are still in this house by tomorrow morning I will not be responsible for my actions." George had made many empty threats to his son over the last 20 or so years, but this one he meant and Kevin knew it. He shouldered his way past his son and out the door. 
******
Kevin slept for most of that day, his dreams invaded by images of his father. He awoke to the smell of dinner cooking, his stomach craved food but he was starting to feel sick from the withdrawals. He picked up his shoe off of the ground and pulled the sole out, revealing a small blue wax paper square of heroin. He had no needles so he just snorted a bit, just to get him feeling regular. 
He made his way downstairs just as his mother was putting the food on the table. Her eyes were red from crying all day, and cooking was her therapy, so a feast was laid out on the table. Kevin took his seat as did the rest of the family. Food was passed silently around the table, tension thick in the air. 
Rachael bit into her chicken wing and looked from her older brother to her father and back. John didn't seem to notice the tension; he just continued to gnaw away at his drumstick. "What's wrong?" asked Rachael.
George looked at Patty, telling her with his eyes to field their daughter's question. He felt that if he opened his mouth all of his harbored feelings would come pouring out. 
Kevin kept his head slung low, staring at the mashed potatoes.
"Nothing's wrong sweetie, now eat your dinner." Rachael, unsatisfied with the answer she was given, took a bite of her chicken. 
She turned to her father, "Daddy, just tell me. I'm a big girl and I wanna know what's wrong?" John, who was finally done devouring his drumstick, looked at his father too. 
George began to sweat, his face tinting red, "You wanna know what's wrong, baby girl?" He didn't think he could contain it any longer. His heart was replaced by a hammer and was pounding away. Kevin looked up at his father; he was still pretty high from the little bump he snorted before dinner. Patty held her breath. He pointed across the table to Kevin, "He's what's wrong!" 
"Now George is that necessary?" questioned Patty, who was trying to stop the inevitable. 
George continued on like nothing was said, "Your brother is what's wrong." The twin's mouth's dropped. "He is a no good, piece of shit, junkie!" He stood from his chair and was screaming now. 
"George, please sit down, you're scaring the kids." The twins were starting to weep. 
"No, I won't sit down!" He flung the chair into the wall. Now the twins were bawling. He shot one final blood curdling glance at Kevin before grabbing his keys and storming out of the house. 
Kevin slowly rose, not for dramatics but if he moved quickly he would surely fall, and went upstairs. He came down minutes later with a duffel bag and looked at his mother's tear streaked face as she was cleaning up from dinner. No words were spoken, just an exchange of glances. He opened the blue door and closed it gently behind him. 
******
Kevin picked himself off of the floor and walked downstairs to the store. It wasn't busy but it smelled like unwashed bodies had been in here all day. Manuel sat behind the counter thumbing through 'El Diario' as an old woman looked at cans of Goya. 
"Eh, Manuel?" asked Kevin. The clerk put the newspaper down. 
"Yeah?" said Manuel, his thick black mustache twitched slightly. 
"Can I use the phone in the back?" Kevin watched the old lady, her head of grey hair move back and forth at two of the same exact cans of black beans, trying to decide which one to get. Manuel gave him a questioning glance. 
"Local?" 
"Yeah," he said. 
"Ok." The old lady made her selection and brought it to the counter. 
He made his way into the back, navigating the hallway which was packed with cases of rice, beans and God knows what else. A plain black phone hung on the wall and he grasped it like a life preserver. 
He punched in a number quick and a raspy voice answered, "Hello?" 
"Hey, hey it's K. You good?" 
A pause, then, "Yeah I'm good. Ten minutes?" 
Kevin smiled at the news, "Ten minutes." There was a click and the other person was gone. He nearly sprinted out of the store, thanking Manuel on his way out. 
The mild warmth of the March day had receded and the cool night was creeping in. He shivered, but a good shiver, not a dope shiver just an ‘I'm fucking cold shiver.’ 
Kevin walked down North Street for a few minutes before tuning up Railroad Avenue. He scanned the rows of apartments, looking for 16B, finally finding it. He made a cautious sweep of the area and walked up the steps. He knocked once and the door swung open. 
T-low, the neighborhood shit bag, answered with a purple pick stuck in his nappy hair. "What's up?" he said. T-low looked around cautiously for rivals and cops. 
Drug dealers always made him nervous. In Peekskill the drug dealers were usually white kids, who needed more money than what mommy and daddy were giving them. They didn't bother Kevin as much. It was a whole different story when he moved to Middletown. Most of the dealers were black or Hispanic, not that he was racist, he was just careful. Many of them were poor and they sold to make a living. This was the only life they knew and they were good at it. 
"Ah, just one." said Kevin, who was now digging in his pockets for the ten he knew he had. 
"One? Motherfucker, you woke me up for a lousy one?" T-low reached down his pants and pulled out a bundle of blue wax paper squares with a red top hat stamped on them. He removed one from the pack. "Now, you know this is the good shit right?" 
He wasn't really listening, just digging deeper and deeper in his pocket for that elusive money. "Yeah, T, your shit's always good." he muttered. 
"No, no, no. You’re missing my point. I don't have the regular shit. I got the new shit." Kevin looked and saw the packet with the red stamp. 
"So what's the difference?" It looked the same to him. 
"What's the difference? You ever see American Gangster?" 
"Yeah," Kevin replied. A white taxi drove by and for a second both men thought it was the police. 
"This shit's pure. Well as pure as you're gonna get here." He turned the packet over and over in his hand waiting for Kevin to give him some money. "So, you gonna pay for this so I can go back in? It's fucking freezing." For the first time he realized that T-low only had on basketball shorts and a wife beater. 
Kevin had no money, that elusive ten must've been spent on last night's party. "I...I'm a little short T." 
"A little short? How little? This Magic Dust is 30, not 10 like the regular shit." 
His heart sank, 30 dollars, he didn't have a cent on him or at home. "Well, I'm actually real short. I thought I had a ten, but I don't." The drug dealer reached down his pants and brought the bundle back out. "Wait, T. Give it to me on credit. You know I'm good for it." 
The drug dealer continued to put his shit away, "The fuck you are. I gave you the last two on credit and still haven't got shit. Now bring me some paper, if not then I can sell this shit to a million other junkies." T-low backed away and slammed the door in his face. 
He walked away, the sickness returning and this time he was overheating. The moon felt like the sun and Kevin thought he was cooking. More vomiting was surely on the way, then the shitting and fever. Damn, he needed a fix. 
He started walking home, depressed, knowing what torments would be awaiting him. Then there she was, like a gift from God; the old woman with the beans. She had to have money. He wouldn't take it, no, just ask her. She seemed nice enough to help a young man down on his luck. 
Curly grey hair framed her head. An armload of groceries and purse were clutched tightly to her chest. There was no one else out and the streetlights just came on, bathing the area in golden hues. Their shadows grew and shrank as they approached, the old woman watching him carefully. 
"Hello," he said with his best church voice. 
She ignored him, and simply kept on walking. "I said hello," now he was a little bit frustrated. Who did she think she was ignoring him? He wasn't some piece of shit ghetto trash. He turned and followed her, keeping pace. "Just wondering if you could spare a dollar or two?" She didn't answer, just looked straight ahead and kept moving. "Come on, I know you can spare something. I saw you in the store and I'm hungry." 
She turned to face him. The crisscrossed wrinkles on her skin make her face look like leather. "Are you really hungry?" she said with a thick Spanish accent. He nodded, giving her a sad look, while smiling on the inside. She adjusted her bags and pulled out a can of beans. She tossed it to him and as stunned as he was, he caught it. "May God bless you," was all she said and started walking away. 
The demon, the beast inside of him was welling up. This fucking bitch couldn't spare a couple of bucks but she gave him a can of fucking beans! His hand tightened on the can and his knuckles cracked. She knew too, she fucking knew he wanted money, that he needed money. Vindictive cunt! 
Kevin reared back and threw the can. He watched it fly through the air and hit the woman square in the back of the head. She went limp immediately; her forehead and face hitting the sidewalk with a sickening thud. He rushed up and flipped her over. She was dead; her skull crushed and eyes lifeless. Blood oozed from her wounds and false teeth hung from her mouth. 
Panic set in and Kevin did the only thing he could think of; he grabbed her purse and ran. He ran and ran until his weak body could run no more. Panting, he stopped in an alley and opened the purse. The wallet had three fresh twenties and a ten. He pocketed the bills and tossed the purse in the nearest dumpster. 
Kevin made his way back to T-low and bought two bags of this new Magic Dust. Sirens pierced the night air; someone discovered her body. Fear that someone saw him coursed through his veins. He couldn't walk back, what if someone recognized him with her? Headlights turned down the street and he could see the white Crown Victoria coming towards him. ‘The police, it's over,’ he thought. To his pleasant surprise it was not the police, it was a cab. He quickly flagged it down and rested his eyes for the five minute drive home. 
******
So here he was again, hose around the arm, heroin in the spoon, heroin in the needle. Kevin drew the plunger all the way back, taking all the  liquid in the syringe. He figured T-low was full of shit and wanted to get the money Kevin owed him, so he stamped a few bags and told him it was some good shit. Yeah right. He had both bags loaded into the syringe and he lay back on his bed, ready for the ride. The needle slid through the scab already on his arm and as soon as he pushed the plunger down he knew T-low wasn't lying. His eyes closed. 
******
Space and time closed in around him, hugging him, and then letting go. Faces and visions flew past him, old teachers, old girlfriends, and his family. He was everywhere and nowhere, he felt like God. He could see his parent's house in the distance; it was getting closer and closer until he was on the front porch. The brass knocker attached to the blue door stared at him. Kevin stared back and could see his reflection in the gleaming knocker; he was his old self again. 
Hair short and properly groomed, face full and skin healthy, even his baby blues were shinning again. What a wonderful, dope induced dream. He opened the door and smell of fresh food cooking overwhelmed him. A wide grin spread across his face. 
"Mom, Dad. I'm home. What's for dinner?" He walked into the dining room to see his family all seated around the table, napkins tucked carefully in their shirts. 
His Dad stood and hugged him, "Kev, what's up? You’re just in time for dinner." 
George took his seat as Patty rounded the table to kiss her eldest boy, "Hey Mom, food smells great. What did you make?" 
She turned and walked away, "Oh, I didn't cook, honey." Kevin looked at her questioningly. "Esmeralda did." Patty took her seat and replaced her napkin. The table was full of covered dishes, their heavenly aromas filling the room. 
"Who's Esmeralda?" he asked. The kitchen door opened and his heart skipped a beat. 
Esmeralda had a large platter with some kind of meat on it. But Kevin didn't see that, he only saw her face. It was the woman from the street, the one he had killed. 
"I'm Esmeralda," she tried to say, but her teeth were hanging from her broken face; her skull still leaking crimson. "And I cooked just for you." He now realized that the tray of meat was a baby, a tiny apple stuffed in its mouth, which was frozen in its final death cries. She started laughing and his family joined in. Not a sweet loving laugh, but a laugh that sounded like they all had gravel in their throats. 
The dishes were uncovered and his family began to dig in. One contained organs from god knows what, Kevin saw one with shards of glass. He looked over at his mother as she helped herself to a generous portion of shit. 
"Kevin," said his mother through her mouthful of excrement. "Sit down and eat something. You look like fucking shit!" She paused and threw her head back in raucous laughter, brown spit dribbling down her chin. Patty reached over and tore a chunk of meat from the baby's side and crammed it in her mouth. She was smiling the whole time. 
Rachael had a handful of bugs; the bees and scorpions stinging in vain at her little hands. She pushed them into her mouth, green ooze ran from her cheeks. 
"Now son, don't be disrespectful. This nice woman cooked all day. Now sit down and eat!" His father yelled, and began eating a handful of rocks and screws. Kevin could hear his teeth breaking. George took one last swallow and looked at his son, flashing him a big smile. His mouth was a mixture of tooth shards and blood
Kevin began moving towards his chair, he could do nothing to stop it. Esmeralda stood waiting for him, a covered dish at his seat. He walked by her and sat; looking at his family as they happily ate from this grotesque feast. He took his seat; Esmeralda stood over him, her crushed skull dripping blood on his lap. 
"I saved the best for you." She lifted the cover to reveal a pile of rusty syringes. "Now..." she tried to push her teeth back into her mouth, "FUCKING EAT!" Some unseen force made Kevin open his mouth as she piled the needles in. He could feel them shredding him; they poked out of his cheeks and went through the roof of his mouth. He began to chew them greedily the pain intensifying with every bite, yet he could not stop. 
Everyone else stopped eating and looked at him. They had no expressions, just blank slates; then George started to laugh. His whole family joined him and before Kevin's eyes they all began to melt. Flames danced out of their mouths and bore holes through their flesh, igniting the table. He tried to run but couldn't move. Esmeralda was at his side laughing as the flames moved closer and closer. 
The flames reached him and he was starting to burn, when Esmeralda whispered gently in his ear, "Still hungry?" The dinner party was consumed by flames; Kevin's last image was of his mother laughing as the flesh melted from her bones. 
Darkness encompassed him and the pain was no more. ‘Just a dream, just a horrible dream,’ he thought. ‘I'm going to open my eyes and be in my shitty little apartment.’ Kevin opened his eyes and finally accepted that it wasn't a dream, it was his Hell. His reflection stared back at him from the brass knocker on the bright blue door. He started to cry as his hand reached up and opened the door.

Hack

The fat woman in the tweed pant suit smiled just before the bullet impacted her skull, spraying gore all over the guy sitting behind her. Skull fragments and grey matter dotted his face.
	The woman’s body fell out of her chair and this motion seemed to ignite the crowded auditorium. Bodies began crashing against one another as more rounds flew from the AR-15. Blood curdling screams rose and were cut off as a flurry of bullets tore into soft, bureaucratic flesh.
	Colleagues and friends tore at each other trying to reach the door, which was quickly filling with corpses. Some people weren’t killed by the gunman but merely wounded; the stampede of loafers, dress shoes and high heels finished them off.
	The loud crack of the semi-automatic rifle stopped for a moment and some of the fools thought the slaughter was over. That was until they heard the fresh magazine rammed home and bolt slide forward, chambering a new round. The rifle continued its symphony, pumping jacketed hollow points into the crowd.
	If anybody had cared to pay attention to the assistant with the rifle they would’ve noticed the grin of sheer pleasure on his face. He turned his sights to the one person he hated most, his boss and regional executive, Warren Barnes.
	Warren didn’t flinch; he just stared down the smoking bore of the rifle. His lips parted and his assistant could see those pearly whites and it looked like he was going to speak. 
	‘Perfect timing, cocksucker!’ the gunman thought. ‘Try to talk your way out of this one!’ His finger began pressing the trigger but part of him wanted to hear what his boss had to say.
	“Mountain View has to close,” said Warren, his voice seeming to rise above the screams and echo across the room. 
	The gunman was in such shock he released the pressure off of the trigger. “I’m about to blow your fucking brains out and you mention Mountain View?” His finger went back on the trigger. “Dumb shit, hack-job motherfucker!” he pulled the trigger, but nothing happened.
	“We need to cut spending and unfortunately Mountain View is in the first wave of budget cuts,” the regional exec said.
	The gunman was speechless and could only think about killing. He looked down at his gun check the malfunction, but to his dismay the weapon was gone. Now he held a clipboard and his ass was firmly planted on a chair. He looked towards the crowd of legislators he just slaughtered and instead of a pile of shot up corpses they were all in their chairs. Panic rushed over him and his face must’ve showed it.
	Another one of the execs lackeys came over to him, “Jason, are you ok?”
	Jason cleared his head of mass murder fantasies and wiped his face; which he noticed was sweaty. “I’m fine,” he whispered so not to disturb the regional exec’s speech.
	Jason’s chair was a couple of feet behind the podium from where Warren gave his speech. He calmly pulled a handkerchief from his breast pocket and wiped his face, which was now slick with sweat. “I’m fine,” he said again, not knowing if it was for the asshole behind him or for himself.
******
The meeting lasted for about another two, painstaking hours. Jason was driving and lost again in another daydream of extreme violence against those who truly deserved it, when a high pitched yell came from the backseat.
	“Fuck them!” Warren yelled into his cell phone from the backseat of the plush, public-funded Explorer. His little ass came off the seat when Jason failed to negotiate a deep pothole. He shot his assistant a look in the rear view mirror and re-focused on his phone call. “I don’t give two shits what they think they should get! Those fucking pussies are nothing but trouble.” He quieted down and did something rare; listened. He looked at Jason again in the mirror, this time he put two fingers to his head, simulating shooting himself.
	‘Don’t tease me like that,’ thought Jason, just picturing the little troll’s brains decorating the smooth leather interior.
	“Ok, ok,” said the regional exec, obviously cutting off whoever he was talking to. He pinched the bridge of his nose as if under a great deal of stress.
	Jason almost laughed out loud at the gesture, quickly looking back for a moment. Horns blared as he ran a stop sign, but he really didn’t give a shit. ‘So stressed are we? You hack,’ he thought. ‘I guess I would be stressed too if I made as much money as you. Where to spend it all? Hmm, maybe on my whore, who loves to powder her nose? No, no, how about another boat. You can never have enough boats.’ He nearly hit another car and now he had to focus before he ran someone over.
	“Just offer them two and half for four years. If they don’t like it, tell them to fuck their mothers and we will take this shit to the arbiter.” Warren didn’t wait for a response; rather he just hung up on the lawyer. He searched his jacket pocket and pulled out a gold flask. The cap was unscrewed in a moment’s notice by nimble fingers that were used to the task. He put it to his mouth filling his throat with smooth, yet spicy whiskey. He pulled the flask from his lips with a sickening slurp. Another quick sip and the flask was back in his pocket. Now he felt a little better.
	Jason glanced at his boss and their eyes met. ‘Shit, now he’s gonna want to talk to me,’ he thought. His thoughts were spot on.
	“So,” said Warren, the potent liquor starting to glaze his beady eyes. “What are your plans for the night?”
	Jason’s mind raced for a moment thinking of something far from the truth. The truth being that he would probably start his night with a lump of frozen lasagna, followed by an hour or two of video games. Every round he fired from his virtual gun he would imagine impacting Warren’s face. Right before bed he would jump on the internet, watch a little porn, beat his dick like it owed him money, and call it a night. But he couldn’t tell him that. He looked at his boss in the mirror, his eyes transitioning back to the road every half a second. “The usual Friday night; have a couple beers, go out and meet some friends. Have a few more beers,” Warren smiled at the addition of extra booze, “and hopefully find some nice young lady to put my dick in.” The exec’s smile widened more at the last part.
	“Sounds like a hell of night,” said Warren, who was sitting on the edge of the bench seat like a little kid.
	Jason knew the only reason he was asked about his plans were so he could reciprocate the question. He did it in one word. “You?”
	Warren leaned back and ran a hand over his suit jacket as if he were smoothing out non-existent wrinkles. “Probably head out with Josephine, have a nice dinner,” he said. 
Josephine was Warren’s girlfriend of the last seven months. At fifteen years his junior, she was quite the stunner. Her days as an athlete were over, but she still had the body. Her long legs rose up to her shapely round ass and her flat torso gave way to tiny, yet perky tits. Jason always thought they probably looked like ski slopes, his favorite kind of titty. Thick auburn hair framed her delicate face and she had an infectious laugh. 
For the longest time Jason could not figure out why she would let a weasely little shit like Warren Barnes fuck her and then he found out about her dirty secret. She liked coke, and lots of it. A habit that was not cheap and very risky if you were caught. This is where Warren came in. He had the money to supply it and the power to keep her out of trouble if she was caught. So every now and then she would let him poke her with his pathetic excuse for a dick for all of three minutes. A small price to pay for the constant high she was on.
With his pants starting to tighten at the thought of Josephine naked, another woman popped into Jason’s mind; Wendy, Warren’s wife.
She was a humble woman who didn’t deserve the scumbag husband whom she married. She knew of his infidelities, hell the whole world knew, but she ignored them like a lump discovered in your body. She knew, that just like the lump, her marriage was cancerous and would eventually kill her, but she did her best to ignore pain. 
Warren put a thoughtful hand to his chin. “Maybe we’ll go out after dinner, let her get a taste of a real man,” he said with a smirk on his face.
Jason gave him a fake smile and thought, ‘You wouldn’t know the meaning of being a man if it jumped up and bit you in the ass.’
Gravel crunched under the weight of the large SUV and Jason realized they were pulling into Warren’s driveway. He didn’t remember even turning onto the road, his mind on auto-pilot. ‘Thank god,’ he thought, ‘done with this douche for the weekend.’ He put the Explorer in reverse and parked next to his Nissan Sentra. 
Warren jumped out, followed by Jason, who tossed the keys to the Explorer to his boss. 
“Ok, have a good one,” said Warren, who was almost to the front steps of his large house.
 “You too,” Jason said to the closing oak door. “You little fuck,” he whispered under his breath. He started towards his car and kicked a rock. It shot like a bullet into his car door, leaving a tiny dent. He wanted to curse, but he knew it would do no good. At least his car started on the first turn of the key. Thank god for small miracles.
******
	Jason’s fingers moved nimbly over the buttons on the video game controller. The red dot sight of his AK-47 settled on an enemy’s chest. He wished the animated enemy was his scumbag boss, as a burst of automatic gunfire tore through his body. The enemy fell in a heap, life blood pouring out of his digital body. Jason swiveled the sights of his gun looking for something else to kill, but the game narrator interrupted his rampage, telling him his team had won.
	“Good game, assholes,” he said into his grey headset. The other players, who were miles away, yelled back. He smiled at their anger and turned off his game system.
	Jason tossed the controller and headset on the couch and grabbed a beer off of the end table. It had gotten warm since his last sip, but it didn’t stop him from draining the rest of it in one gulp. He rubbed his stomach and let out an earthshattering burp, something his mother wouldn’t have approved of. The clock on his DVR said it was a quarter past three in the morning and he didn’t even feel that tired. 
	Jason’s apartment was decent, but nothing to write home about. A typical bachelor pad; a large 60 inch LED TV hung from one wall. The overstuffed, cheaply made couch was right across from the TV. Besides the end table, there was no other furniture in the living room. His kitchen table was a Wal-mart special and leaned a little to the left. That didn’t matter because he usually ate from a TV tray at the couch. His bed hadn’t seen much action lately and, besides a beat up dresser and a TV, was the only furniture in his bedroom. Home, sweet home.
	He flipped channels, but there was nothing on. He just kept casually flipping, knowing if he didn’t find something soon he was just gonna beat off and call it a night. Something caught his eye and he stopped channel surfing. The local news had a picture of an old woman on the screen. Jason turned up the volume and listened to the news report.
	“…was killed early this morning,” said the late night reporter. He stood on main-street amongst the throngs of emergency vehicles. Red and blue lights flashed, giving the grisly scene an ethereal feeling. The reporter’s glasses reflected the LED emergency lights, making his eyes shift colors. “Police believe the victim, Beatrice Wells, had left Saint Mary’s church shortly before her death,” said the reporter as he moved towards a large church. It loomed in the background. The reporter skirted police tape; detectives working around the area where Beatrice was discovered. 
Her body was long gone, but the detectives’ work was just beginning. Uniformed officers flanked the scene, many knocking on doors waking residents to find out if they had any information. One officer was with another parishioner, who was sobbing on the steps of the church.
The cop, who barely looked old enough to shave, flipped his note pad closed and gave the grieving woman a soft pat on the back. He walked over to the detectives and shared his information.
Jason watched the reporter move towards the heartbroken parishioner.
“Excuse me, ma’am,” said the reporter. He climbed the church steps. A woman in her early seventies looked up at the reporter, her eyes moist and rimmed red. “Do you know what happened?”
The elderly woman produced a handkerchief from her sleeve and blew her nose. She noticed the bright light of the camera and tried her best to compose herself. “Someone killed…” the word stuck in her throat and she croaked it out, “Beatrice.”
“Who?” The reporter asked. He knew this story could be his chance to get off the overnights and back to a regular schedule.
“I don’t know,” she sniffled, sucking snot back into her sinuses. “We come here every Saturday morning for the Perpetual Adoration. She comes at one and I come at two,” the old woman wiped away the line of clear snot running down her upper lip. “Bea had just left, when I heard the noise.”
“What noise?” He pushed his foam tipped microphone closer to her mouth.
“Tires squealing and a loud bang, that was it,” she said. “I got up as fast as I could and when I got outside I saw…” she choked back a sob. “I saw Bea in the road,” her tears were flowing freely now. 
The door to the church opened. A tall, thin man stood in the entrance, his white collar stood out in the darkness of the night. In the light of the camera, the reporter could see that the priest’s steel colored eyes were jumbled with emotion. He bent down and helped the woman off of the cold steps and into the church.
The reporter knew his story was over and turned back to the camera to regurgitate his findings.
Jason didn’t need to hear what he already knew and turned the TV off. The fatigue of the week had caught up to him; he was exhausted. The image of the grieving woman’s face flashed in his mind over and over. He got up and walked towards his bedroom; suddenly he wasn’t in the mood to jerk off.   
******
	A shrill piercing noise tore through Jason’s ears. His eyes slowly opened, shedding a thin layer of crust in their corners. The noise continued, making his already throbbing head throb even more. He didn’t drink too many beers last night, but it must’ve been enough to give him a slight hang-over. His cloudy mind took a moment to realize the sound was coming from his phone. His hand reached out for it, but the ringing stopped. He waited for the caller to leave a voice mail, but they never did. 
	‘Fuck’em, couldn’t have been that important,’ he thought. Dim rays of sunshine filtered through his blinds. On his days off he usually slept until early afternoon, but he could tell by the sun it wasn’t even close to noon. He rolled over and looked at his alarm clock. The red numbers said it was only 7:32 in the morning. With a groan Jason turned back to his pillow in an attempt to get comfortable. He found his groove in the pillow and closed his eyes.
	The shrill noise started again; his eyelids flew open. He grabbed his phone and looked at the LCD screen. “Fuck,” he whispered. Warren’s name was lit up on the screen, right next to the incoming call icon. He thought about ignoring the call and turning his phone off, but he knew he would hear about it come Monday. He reluctantly hit the answer button.
	“Hello,” said Jason, trying to make his voice sound like the phone call had woken him up.
	“Hi, Jason?” The voice on the other line questioned.
	‘Who else would it be, jackass? You called my phone,’ he thought. “Yes sir, this is Jason,” he said, reaching under the blanket to scratch his balls.
	“Oh, hi Jason,” said Warren, his voice sounding distant. “So, what are you doing?” he asked.
	Jason’s jaw dropped, ‘What am I doing? Sleeping, like most people do at 7:30 in the fucking morning on a Saturday,’ he thought. “Ah, just woke up,” He stifled a yawn with the back of his hand.
	“Oh, ok. Well…” Warren’s voice trailed off. He roughly cleared his throat in the phone. “I kinda need some help with something.” 
	Jason wanted to scream obscenities into the phone, but he didn’t. He took a deep breath and responded. “Sir, it’s my day off and I kind of have plans,” he lied.
	Warren’s response came in a torrent, “I know it’s your day off, but there are only so many people I can trust.” He paused, waiting for Jason to thank him for instilled trust. The thanks never came, so Warren continued on. “I will pay you,” then as an afterthought, “off the books, of course.”
	Jason did need some extra money and his plans for the day consisted of Sportscenter, video games and maybe some light reading; nothing he couldn’t postpone for a little extra coin. “I don’t know Mr. Barnes, I have tickets to a show with my mother and I can’t get a refund this late,” a brilliant lie, especially for 7:30 in the morning.
	“I’ll pay double the price of the tickets, and, and,” Warren stammered, “I’ll double your hourly wage for the day; all cash, no bullshit.”
	He was sold. He could convince Warren his “show tickets” were at least $100 each and with double time he was looking at a decent payday. “Ok, I’ll help, but I have to call my mother now and break the news,” he chuckled a little.
	“Yes, yes,” Warren replied impatiently, “just hurry over here.”
	“Give me 45 minutes or so and I’ll be over,” said Jason
	“Sure, I’ll see you then,” said the regional exec.
	“Wait,” he said before the call was disconnected, “what am I doing?”
	“You’ll find out when you get here.” The line went dead.
******
	45 minutes later Jason’s Sentra crunched on the gravel in Warren’s driveway. The driveway was empty, which he found odd. ‘Where’s the Explorer?’ he asked himself. He stepped out of his car and before he could close the door Warren was yelling to him from the porch.
	“Jason!” Warren shouted. His stumpy little legs pumped as he trotted down the stairs and towards Jason.
	As he approached, Jason realized the exec looked like shit. 
Warren’s hair, which was normally parted on the left and neat, looked dirty and disheveled. Random strands clung to his forehead in a greasy mess. He was wearing a suit; actually it was the same suit he wore yesterday and it looked like he had slept in it. His eyes were bloodshot and sunken and white crud gathered at the corner of his mouth.
	Warren reached Jason and extended his dainty hand. Jason shook it and could not feel one patch of rough skin. “Good to see you,” said Warren. 
Jason could smell the booze on his breath. It was as if the odor made a cloud around him. No wonder he looked like shit.
He patted Jason on the back and began leading him towards the garage.
	’Wish I could say the same, shit for brains,’ thought Jason. “You too, sir,” he followed Warren’s guiding hand. “So, what do you need me to do?” He asked as they reached the side door of the garage. 
	Warren opened the door and pointed to the Explorer. “I had a little accident last night.” The front bumper of the Explorer was smashed and smeared with something brown. “Goddamn deer jumped out right in front of me,” he said. Warren looked at Jason to see if he had any reaction on his face. 
	The assistant’s face revealed nothing and Warren began to fidget. He tried to smooth his hair, but to no avail. His fingers found their way into his mouth and he started chewing on his nails.
	Jason turned to his boss and said, “So, what do you need me for?” He walked closer to the Explorer to further inspect the damage. Something caught his eye, but he didn’t want to pry too far with Warren standing there. “Just take the accident report to DPW and have them fix it on Monday.” 
	Warren looked at him like he was a moron. “You know I can’t do that.” 
	Jason feigned ignorance. He knew the region’s policy about using vehicles for un-official duty. It was a big ‘no-no’ and Warren had been busted for it once before. If the legislatures found out about this one, he would lose the Explorer. He put a finger to his lips, like he was deep in thought and said, “Oh, right, now I remember.”
	Warren nodded, “So, this is where you come in.”
	‘Damn, he smells like a distillery,’ thought Jason. “What can I help you with? I’m no mechanic.” He looked at the damaged vehicle again, “This needs a professional.”
	Warren tore off a finger nail with his teeth and spit it on the concrete floor of the garage. “I know it does,” he said in a matter-of-fact tone. “But everyone in the area knows me and this truck. We need to go outside of the area and far. I was hoping you knew a place.”
	Jason’s mind went into overdrive thinking of garages and more importantly, how much money he was going to squeeze out of his boss. An idea struck him like a lightning bolt. “Well, sir,” Warren looked at him, his glassy eyes full of hope. “There is a place, but it’s up north quite a bit.” He furrowed his brow. “Not even a twenty minute drive from my Uncle Peter’s summer house.”
	“Great, let me go change and we can get going,” Warren turned to walk back to the house.
	“Sir,” Jason said. Warren stopped at the doorway of the garage and turned around, looking at him. “I don’t mean to sound greedy, but it is almost a three hour drive and this kind of damage will take at least a day and a half to fix.”
	Warren put his hand up, knowing where this conversation was headed. “Don’t worry about the money. I will keep my word and every hour we are away I will pay you double your hourly wage.” He started to walk away and over his shoulder said, “Ha, I’m glad I didn’t give you a raise this year,” He chuckled at his weak joke and walked away.
	When Warren finally entered the house Jason began examining the damage more closely. He touched the brown smear and figured it was blood, but that wasn’t what he was interested in. He crouched down lower, pulling something out of the cracked bumper. It was hair, but it didn’t feel like animal hair. There was something attached to the hair; a bloody chunk of scalp. An image flashed in his mind; the smiling face of Beatrice Wells, the woman who was killed earlier in the day. Her pristine smile and her snowy white hair, the same hair Jason held in hand.
	“Jason,” Warren called as he walked back towards the garage. “Are you ready?”
	He dropped the hairy chunk of flesh like it was on fire and began wiping his hands vigorously on his pants. ‘This dirty little fuck…’ The thought died in his mind as Warren walked in.
	“Hey, you ready?” Warren asked. He looked a little more presentable; his hair covered by a hat and his suit replaced by slacks and a light windbreaker.
	Jason turned to him, hoping his face didn’t show the shock he felt. “Yeah, yeah I’m ready. Just a little tired.”
	Warren tossed him the keys, “Well, we can stop for some coffee, my treat.” He yawned, his jaw creaked and he looked like a snake. “Damn, I’m tired too,” he said jumping into the back seat. “Fucking Joesphine kept me up late.” He said smirking.
Jason didn’t say a word; he just fired up the big V8 and opened the garage door. 
******
	What should’ve been a three hour trip, took five. Warren’s bladder must’ve been the size of a grape, because he had to piss every half hour. And for some reason, his pisses always took ten minutes. Jason didn’t care anymore; they had finally reached his Uncle’s cabin.
	The cabin was a little bigger than Jason’s apartment, but much nicer by far. Built over a hundred years ago, the logs were hand cut and fit together perfectly. Rustic furniture made the cabin even more inviting. A black cast iron stove was nestled in the corner of the kitchen, its black chimney exiting the roof.
	He tossed his book bag with his change of clothes on the couch. Warren did the same. 
	Warren stood in the foyer and looked around. ‘What a fucking shithole,’ he thought. “How…” he looked around and turned on that politician charm, “…nice this place is.”
	Jason knew he was full of shit, but thanked him anyway. “Yeah, it has been in my family for years. My great-grandfather…”
	“Is there anything to drink?” asked Warren. He kicked off his shoes and made himself comfortable in an old recliner. “My hangover is really bad and you know what the best cure is?” He didn’t wait for Jason’s response. “A little hair of the dog.” He put his head back and let out a howl.
	Jason paused for a moment, his hate for Warren growing even more. “Ah, yeah; I think my Uncle keeps a bottle of Jack in the kitchen.”
	“Perfect,” said Warren. “Oh, make that a double; my fucking head is killing me.”
	Jason opened the cupboard and stopped; his hand around the neck of the bottle. ‘Killing you, killing you! You are the one who does the killing!’ The day’s events came flooding back, ending with a chunk of Beatrice Well’s scalp in his hand. Everyone has a breaking point and Jason just surpassed his. He left the bottle and grabbed a two foot piece of wood from next to the stove. It felt great in his hand. 
	“Hey, what’s taking so long?” asked Warren, who had his head back and eyes closed in the recliner. “Just pour that shit in a glass and bring it in here, would ya?” Jason didn’t respond but Warren heard footsteps. He opened his eyes just as the piece of wood smashed into his forehead. His world went dark.
******
	There was something on Warren’s face, he could feel it. His eyes were sticky and he strained to open them. The left one opened easier than the right and confusion set in. Thin rays of sunlight fell around him, motes of dust dancing through the air. ‘The cabin,’ he thought, but this didn’t look like a cabin, more like a barn. He looked around and validated his thought; he was in a barn or shed of some sort.
	Old wooden slats had long since separated, allowing light through the walls. Ancient tools hung from pegs driven into the beams and the floor was lightly covered in hay. ‘Where the fuck am I?’  He didn’t know where he was, but he knew it was time to go. First he needed to get the shit out of his eyes. He reached up to wipe his right eye and froze and not by choice either. He couldn’t move his arms. Panic set in and finally the complete picture came into focus.
	Warren was lying on a workbench, his arms and legs were tied down like he was Christ. He was far from Christ, but he was just as nude. He looked at his flabby, naked body; his flaccid penis was hidden by his paunch. His head thrashed from side to side as he pulled against his restraints to no avail. He had to stop before he passed out; his head was killing him. He took a deep breath and the recent events came back to him.
	“Jason!” Warren screamed. He didn’t care that it hurt his head; he was going to scream until his lungs bled. “Jason, you little FUCK! Where are you? Let me go you worthless cocksucker!” He pulled on the ropes, the veins in his neck straining, his face turning red and blotchy. A door closed and he looked towards the sound.
	Jason stood in the doorway with a smile on his face and axe in his hand. 
For the first time in his life Warren was truly scared. He squirted piss on his leg; he could hear it dripping through the table onto the floor.
Jason walked towards him, with the axe head dragging on the floor, the cruel smile never leaving his face.
The axe groaned as it slid over the rough wooden floor. Warren didn’t seem to like this sound and more piss dribbled out.
The exec’s mind raced, looking for a way out of this mess. “I can pay you. Whatever you want, I’m fucking rich.”
The smile faded from Jason’s face. “Pay me, pay me?” He ran a hand through his hair. “You stupid little shit. How could you ever think this was about money? This is about justice.”
“Bu, but, I haven’t done anything wrong,” said Warren. He was starting to cry now, silent tears, no sobbing, yet.
Jason looked at him in disbelief and let the axe fall from his hand, clattering on the floor. 
Warren let out a sigh of relief. This was short lived when he realized Jason had a pair of shears. He whimpered and pled as the rusty shears gently closed around the first knuckle of his left pinky. “P-p-p, please don’t do this,” snot ran down his face. 
Jason squeezed the handles, neatly snipping off the tip of Warren’s finger. A little blood dribbled, but he screamed like hell.
“I cannot believe you can say you’ve done nothing wrong, with such conviction!” Jason didn’t think Warren was listening to him anymore, but he didn’t give two fucks! “You ruin the lives for people you are supposed to govern and watch over on a daily basis! All while you blow coke, drink and fuck your dirty whore!” He cut off the rest of the finger. “I could almost deal with that, because hey that’s politics, but your recent fuck up, the reason we are here, was the last straw!”
	Even through the extreme pain, Warren knew what Jason was talking about. He hit that old woman and left her to die like a stray dog. Deep down in his psyche, he knew he deserved this. 
Jason gave Warren a moment to collect his thoughts and to let the pain dull down to a throb, before the real work began. He tossed the shears and picked up the axe again. Jason gently lowered the blade onto Warren’s chest. 
Warren let out a sob as Jason ran the blade down his body; leaving a thin, red line in its wake.
Jason smiled and gave him a wink, before raising the axe high above his head. He brought it down in a sweeping arc. 
Warren’s right hand flew off of the table in a brilliant spray of gore. He screamed so hard his vocal cords strained, making almost no sound. He flailed around the best he could, spurting blood onto the wall.
Jason swung the axe again, making a delicious ‘hack’ sound as it traveled through the right forearm. Muscle and bone stood no chance against six pounds of wedge-shaped steel. The blade bit into the wooden bench and he had to wiggle it free. He didn’t even realize he was laughing hysterically.
	The blood was flowing freely now, Warren’s stump of an arm pumped gore everywhere. Thick globs plopped on the floor, mixing with the hay.
	Warren was fading fast, his body slowly succumbing to shock.
 Jason’s maniacal laughter filled the air. The only interruption was a deep, resounding ‘hack’ every time the axe claimed another piece.

DRIVING BY MOONLIGHT
	The battered truck creaked and groaned with every hole it hit. Lance did his best to avoid them, but the road was littered with pot holes. He decided it was in his, and his truck’s, best interest to slow down. Besides, he was in no rush to get home.
	Lance worked in a paper plant about twenty minutes from his house and just as he and the other thirty or so midnight employees punched in, a sprinkler head broke. The water was turned off, but the damage was done and the system had to be repaired before work could continue. Mr. Galvin, the midnight manager, had no choice but to send everyone home early and with a full day’s pay.
	Lance wanted to get home fast, but knew rushing on the winding and bumpy back roads would do no good. He just decided to take it easy and enjoy the cool summer night. Lance reached over and rolled his window down; letting in a steady rush of crisp air. He fished around on the passenger seat and found his pack of smokes. He pulled one of the Camel’s from the pack and pushed in the lighter on the dashboard. It popped out with a ‘snick’ sound and he put it to the cigarette, inhaling deeply.
	He rolled the window down the rest of way and stuck his hand out. Embers trailed behind his truck as the cigarette burned a bright red.  It was a beautiful night, those nights you wait for as a kid; not too hot or cold. The only bugs to be found were lightning bugs and crickets; not a cloud in sky. Everything looked so pristine bathed in moonlight, like a still life photo.
	Lance pulled on the cigarette again, blowing the smoke through his nose. The truck rounded a bend and entered a fairly straight patch of roadway. This stretch of road and the overly bright moon gave him a not so bright idea. He quickly reached up and flicked off his headlights, driving only by moonlight. His nerves got the best of him and he put the headlights back on. But still, the excitement was there.
	He flicked the cigarette butt out of the window as he turned onto his road. The house he shared with his wife Lauren was dark except for one room.  “Hmm, she must be having trouble sleeping,” Lance said to himself. Lauren being up late didn’t concern him; she had battled insomnia in the past. What did concern him, was the old 5.0 Mustang sitting in the drive-way next to Lauren’s shit-box Honda.
	His heart began to race, the steering wheel slick from his sweating palms. Something was wrong, either she was getting fucked by this Ford driving asshole, or the house was being robbed. Either way, Lance knew the outcome would be less than enjoyable.
	He flipped off his headlights and dumped the clutch as his truck rolled into the driveway. The gravel popped and crunched under the tires. Lance opened and closed the truck door with the greatest of care. He took one step towards the house and stopped, ‘What if Lauren is being robbed? I can’t go in without a weapon.’ He used the moonlight to find the latches on the toolbox in the bed of his truck. He pulled a claw hammer from the box and left it open to avoid any more noise.
	Lance walked up the steps, every creak sounded like a shrill wail to his adrenaline filled ears. He reached for his keys, but decided to try the knob first. It was unlocked and he opened the door. The hammer was hurting his hand and when he looked down he realized his knuckles were bone white. He relaxed his grip, letting the blood flow back into his fingers. Even though the night was rather warm, goose bumps sprung up all over his body. He felt like a stranger in his own house, like he shouldn’t be there. Kinda like a whore in church. 
	The living room was empty and the computer’s screen saver was casting colorful images on the wall. Lance stopped for a second and listened; he could hear muffled noises coming from the bedroom.
	Ever so gently, he made his way across his small living room and was standing in the line of light coming from underneath the bedroom door. A bead of cold sweat slid down his neck, dampening his t-shirt. He listened and now the sounds weren’t so muffled. He knew Lauren was getting fucked; not raped, but all out consensual fucking. A wave of emotions flooded over him, leaving an oil slick on his skin. 
Millions of scenarios ran through his head of how to handle this bullshit: kick the door in and start swinging the hammer? No. Grab the cleaver from the butcher’s block and hack away? No. Perhaps the axe or maybe the chainsaw; yeah, really fuck shit up. No.  
	Lance decided to wing it and let the chips fall where they may. He opened the door.
	A hairy ass was on the bed and facing Lance, its owner mounted behind Lauren. The hairy ass kept slamming forward and with every thrust Lance could hear their bodies slapping together. 
Lauren’s face was down in a pillow, her head cocked (no pun intended) to the right.
	Lance stood there for a moment watching the performance. Not because he enjoyed it, oh no he was thoroughly pissed off, but from the sheer shock. He always thought him and Lauren had a great marriage. Sure they fought from time to time, but always made up. Guess the honeymoon was over.
	Lauren shifted her body under her lover and moved her head. At first she thought the figure she was seeing was a reflection, until she realized it was fully clothed. She shrieked and threw her fuck buddy off of her.
	“Hey, what the-?” hairy ass began to say. He followed her glare to the door way and turned pale with shock.
	Lance stood there with tears in his eyes. One tear-drop contained a multitude of emotions and if he didn’t start crying and let them out, he would explode. 
	Lauren covered herself with a sheet and hairy ass tried to cover his softening dick with his hands.
	“Lance, I-,” began Lauren. “I don’t know what to say.” She brushed a sweaty chunk of hair from her face
	The hammer felt good in Lance’s hand and he had a death grip on it. Hairy ass saw this and began scanning the room for exits. Lance knew he wouldn’t do anything with the hammer, not now. He was too much of a pussy. He wanted to kill them both, but deep down he didn’t have the killer in him.
	An eerie silence fell over the room, and for a moment life stood still. Lance broke the silence and bedroom window as he flung the hammer across the room. He turned and slammed the door behind him. His boots echoed on the hardwood as he stormed out of the house. Just as he reached the front door he stopped and turned around. He walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. Lance grabbed an 18 pack of beer and then left the house. This was a shitty night and he was gonna get drunk.
******
	Without a destination Lance just drove.  He drank beers, smoked cigarettes, cried and drove. Not all at the same time, but close. The booze and smoke was starting to make his head spin and he knew he needed to pull over. As pissed as he was, he knew he didn’t need a DWI. 
	His truck rumbled down an old side road. He followed that for a couple of miles, getting deeper and deeper into the woods. He was searching for a clearing. All he wanted to do now was drink and look at the moon, but the trees were really fucking that up for him.
 A road, which was barely more than a path, appeared on his left. There was an old, bullet ridden “No Trespassing” sign nailed to a tree next to the path. Lance could see the old eyelets drilled into the trees and figured a chain or some wire used to hang there, blocking the way. Well, there was nothing there now and he could see the moon down the path. He followed it and found himself on the banks of a small lake.
	Lance got out of his truck, beer in hand and took in the scenery. The huge, silvery moon hung in the sky, its twin reflecting off of the still water. Crickets played their tune and were joined by bullfrogs and other creatures of the night. Even a dog got into the mix, letting out a predatory howl. He listened to nature’s cacophony in bliss.
	The hood of the truck was pretty hot, but he didn’t care. He hopped up and lay back against the cool windshield. A beer hissed in his hand and he gulped the suds. The night sounds could only cheer him up temporarily. Lance remembered why he was out here all by himself. The overwhelming emotions of the day came back to him in a flood. He started out weeping, but in his drunken state, weeping quickly turned into wailing.
	Lance finally reigned in his emotions and took a sip of beer. He pulled the bottle from his lips and listened; but he didn’t hear anything. Nothing; it was as if someone hit the mute button. All of a sudden he was scared. He didn’t know where the fuck he was, but he did know that someone was out here with him. He whipped his head to the left, chasing a phantom sound. His drunken brain took a moment to catch up and when it did, his vision spun.
	Lance strained his eyes, searching the moonlit coastline, but couldn’t see a thing. His heart was pounding through his chest. Blood rushed to his ears, filling every capillary used for hearing. Again he was met with silence. A slight breeze brushed his right ear, followed by a low rumble. He turned his head and came face to face with a living nightmare.
	The head of a wolf looked back at him. But it couldn’t be a wolf, because he was sitting on the hood of his truck and this wolf would’ve been six feet tall. In the split second, before life as he knew it ended, Lance took in the features of the wolf in moonlight. 
The beast was covered in silvery hair. Its ears were pointed, but its snout was short and round. The eyes were round like a humans, yet yellow like an animal. Oversized incisors protruded from the creature’s mouth.
	In the millisecond Lance had to compute the data his brain was receiving, he realized he was face to face with a werewolf. The werewolf made a quick movement and Lance felt a hot pressure on his stomach. Thinking he pissed himself in fear, he looked down. The werewolf, in one quick swipe, shredded his stomach, spilling his guts. Intestines poured from Lance and he hurried to gather them up. It was no use, and with an arm full of guts, he lay down against the windshield waiting for the inevitable. He began to cry. Not from the pain of evisceration, (that did hurt, but his body was in shock and the beer could’ve helped) but from the pain of betrayal.
******
	The werewolf looked at his meal holding a pile of its own stinking guts. He opened his mouth and could taste the coppery blood in the air; it tasted good and he began to drool. His stomach longed for human meat, deer just wasn’t satisfying, but his delicate senses picked up something else coming from this human. The werewolf grabbed the bloodied human by its collar and lifted it off of the truck.
******
	Lance thought this was the end, but the werewolf stopped short of biting his head off. Its breath was foul, stinking like rotten meat and swamp water, but he was too weak to turn his head. Rather than bite him, the werewolf stuck out its human-like tongue and licked his face.
******
	The human tasted good, but there was something else lurking in this one. Its eye water tasted of sorrow and hate. It had rage coursing through its veins. Even the sense of fear was belittled by this one’s hatred. It was worthy. The werewolf bit.
******
	Lance tried to scream as the werewolf bit into his shoulder, but his strength was sapped. He could feel flesh tear and veins pop under the pressure of the bite, but there was no pain; his body was all out of it. The werewolf dropped him against the hood and Lance waited to die. His fleeting mind thought, ‘At least I won’t be eaten alive.’ He could feel darkness closing in on him. It started on the fringes of his vision slowly creeping in, and then it stopped. The darkness began to pull back, like the ebb of a wave. His vision was clearing and the darkness was no more. Strength was returning to his body and he thought he must’ve died. 
Lance lay on the hood, which still had some warmth to it, in shock. He felt fine, better than fine, great. He stared at the moon, taking deep breaths and realizing his stomach had no pain. How could that be? Only moments ago he was holding a pile of intestines in his arms. His hands probed his midsection and only found a ripped shirt. His body was perfect and whole.
	Lance sat up and looked around. The werewolf stood a few feet from the truck looking at him. Its eyes glowed in the moonlight. He may have been hallucinating, but he could’ve sworn the beast gave him a nod. 
The werewolf, which was standing on its hind legs, dropped to a crouch. It looked at the sky, waiting for a thin wisp of cloud to pass the moon. The cloud moved and the moon shone in its glory. The werewolf breathed deep and let out an ear shattering howl.
	Lance wanted to cover his ears, but the sound was beautiful. He could feel the howl in his bones and it felt good. Once the last echoes of the sound dissipated, he could feel something else. His body was changing and fast. He felt bones pop and snap. Skin stretched taught and tore in some places. His jaw creaked and hissed as it elongated. Perfect, sharp teeth sprouted like mushrooms on a pile of shit. The pain of the transformation ended as quickly as it started and a well of strength overflowed in his new body. 
	He looked around for the other werewolf, but it was nowhere to be found. Lance squatted down and howled at the moon.
******
	Hairy-ass, AKA Duane Moore, rolled into the small parking lot of his apartment complex. He turned off the ignition on the Mustang and sat for a moment. The old car hissed and ticked as it shut down, joining the other sounds of the night.
	Duane stared out of the windshield into the darkness. He knew they would get caught eventually, but Lauren didn’t want to listen. She just kept telling him everything would be ok and they could be together. He didn’t know what this ‘be together’ shit was about, but the pussy was good and she could be a freak sometimes.
	His apartment building was nothing to be envied. It was a squat cement building that almost looked like a shitty motel. He figured that’s what it once was. He didn’t care; rent was cheap and the land lady wasn’t too keen on making sure it was paid on time. All of the apartments had a concrete slab which acted as a porch. Duane spent many hot nights on his porch, sipping beer and listening to the crickets.
	He got out of the car and the door closed with a little more than a click; even that sound made him wince. He figured his neighbors knew he was up to something, but they didn’t need any more ammo. 
Tall grass whooshed along his jeans as he approached his door. The keys rattled and he fumbled around with them. Something was wrong. He couldn’t see. Duane strained his eyes in the fading moonlight (a fat cloud obstructed the glowing satellite) trying to see the bulb on his sensor light. He reached up to touch it and pulled his hand back, putting his fingers in his mouth. Some asshole broke the light, leaving nice shards of glass poking out.
	“Fucking kids,” he muttered through his bloody fingers. He felt the glass crunch under his boots and froze. The glass breaking was the only sound he heard. All of the insects stopped their calling, the Mustang cooled off and was no longer ticking, and even the distant highway traffic was a dull roar.
	A wave of unnerving fear washed over him and then there was a sound. It was faint at first, almost like someone’s stomach growling, but then it gained a little depth. Duane looked to the deep shadow in the corner of his porch where the sound was coming from. There was shuffle of feet just as the moon came out from its cover.
	He tried to scream, but a powerful, fur covered hand was around his throat. The werewolf picked him up like he was a child, putting them face to face. It growled and if Duane wasn’t in immediate fear for his life, he could’ve sworn the beast smiled. He wriggled, but the creature’s grip was like a vice. In a flash the werewolf’s free hand shot out and Duane felt a strong pressure and then earth-shattering pain.
	The werewolf put his hand in front of Duane’s face, showing him what he had done. In his bloody hand was Duane’s manhood, all of it. Shriveled, bloody and wrapped in tighty-whities and denim, it was quite a sight to see. For Duane Moore, this was the final sight to see. The werewolf flung the severed parts into the weeds by the road and placed his dagger like nails against the hollow of the man’s throat, right above his ribcage. With little trouble, the werewolf pushed his fingers into Duane’s neck, letting hot blood flow over his knuckles. The strong hand of the beast curled around the top of the ribcage and pulled. It sounded like a thousand wishbones on Thanksgiving, but to the werewolf it sounded like justice. A splash of blood, followed by severed organs, plopped on the porch.
	Duane was good and dead and his body hit the concrete with a wet thump. A light came on in one of the apartments and the werewolf was in the shadows before the fat woman could waddle her way out.  
	The beast was off through the woods; he had other business to attend to. He had barely made it a hundred feet when the woman found Duane. Her scream was violent and piercing, almost like a howl.
******
	The vacant side of the bed was cool and felt good against Lauren’s flushed skin. She moved her head from side to side trying to find the coolest patch of fabric, but instead was assaulted by a barrage of scents. 
	The first scent to register was that of Lance; a strong, earthy sweat that was mingled with his generic shampoo. It comforted her and caused pain. She hurt him and she knew no amount of ‘sorry’ could erase what she had done. Duane’s scent hit her next. He reeked of cheap cologne, and way too much of it, mixed with exhaust fumes; she wretched at the smell of him. A few hours ago that very scent had lit a fire in her like nothing ever had before, now it made her want to puke. And to think she had actually wanted to be with this guy. 
	Lauren threw back the sheets and stared at the ceiling. A lazy fan twirled overhead, doing nothing to alleviate the heat. She needed to get out of the house, to clear her mind. She ruffled through her nightstand and pulled the pack of cigarettes she hid from Lance and walked out of the bedroom.
	It may have been warm in the house, but outside it was quite brisk, especially since she was only wearing underwear and a t-shirt. She sat on the porch steps and lit the cigarette. Her head was going a mile a minute. Thoughts were bouncing around her brain and the smoke was doing nothing to quell them.
	A gentle breeze carried her smoke away, but made her even colder. Lauren stretched the t-shirt out over her bent knees like she was 10 again. It made her feel innocent, but she knew she was far from innocent. She had betrayed her best friend and was caught in the worst possible way. She would give anything to have Lance here with her now.
	The sounds of the night rode the next breeze to her ear. She always loved cool late summer nights. Running around catching lightning bugs, endless games of manhunt and tonight would’ve been perfect. She stubbed out her smoke and looked up at the perfect, round moon. It gave off just the right amount of light for manhunt. 
	Lauren’s attention faded from the moon and suddenly something was wrong. She couldn’t put her finger on it, but she could feel it. A chill ran over her body and this time it wasn’t from the breeze. There was no sound. It was as if nature was muted. She jumped up and turned to go back into the house.
	She froze at the front door. The loose boards creaked and there was low growl in her ear. 

SHOWER SCENE
Mike's eye twitched and flew open at the sound of the dripping faucet. "Carol can you check the shower, it's dripping again." He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and waited for her response, but none came. "Carol," he sat up, yawned and put his feet on the floor. Jameson, their brown, long hair cat came over and nuzzled his leg.  He listened to see if his wife was downstairs and heard nothing except for the leaky faucet. "Carol," unjustifiable panic had crept into his voice, "where are you?" 
The bathroom door was ajar and Mike cautiously walked over, his heart thundering in his chest. The door opened with a squeak and he slammed his hands over his mouth to keep from screaming.
Carol was sitting on the toilet, throat cut so deeply she was almost decapitated. Her blood hit the floor, making a distinctive dripping noise. 
Mike looked around in horror and panic; his fear intensified. On the wall above Carol's head was a bloody arrow pointing to the shower. The curtain was drawn, a bloody hand print on its edge. He didn't know if his mind was playing tricks on him or not, but a chuckle came from the shower.
	He grabbed the curtain...

MY BEAUTIES
	Bryan dug around his pants pockets looking for loose change. “Ah, give me a minute,” he said. “I know I have it.”
	The convenience store clerk, a mid-forties Indian gentleman, gave him a disapproving look.
	“Wait, wait,” said Bryan, pulling his hand out of his pocket. “There,” he slammed a dime, a nickel and five tarnished pennies on the glass counter.
	The clerk slid the money into his hand, a look of disgust on his face. He bagged Bryan’s beer and handed it to him.
	“Thanks,” Bryan said, but received no answer from the clerk, who was already ringing up the next customer. He walked out, sat on a bench in front of the store and cracked a beer. The pilsner went down smooth and almost quenched his thirst on the blistering July day. He took another gulp and belched. 
	An old woman, who had just exited the store, gave him a harsh glance. He was getting a lot of shitty looks from people and his day had barely begun.
	Bryan Strack had been receiving sneers and evil eyes ever since he was a boy. Whether he spilled something, or hit someone, somebody was always yelling at him or giving him a look of death. It never bothered him. Most people forgave him after a while, (except Roger, whose sister Bryan fucked and may or may not have posted it on the internet) and if not, he could care less.
	He put the can on the ground and pulled his pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket. He popped a Camel in his mouth and opened his Zippo, making the trademark ‘ping’ sound. The thick smoke filled his lungs, nicotine flooding his veins. He picked up the beer can with his other hand and took another sip. But he put it down quicker than shit through a cat as the Sheriff car pulled into the gravel lot.
	‘Please don’t let it be that dick Kirby again,’ Bryan thought. 
	The driver side door of the black Dodge Charger opened and out stepped his favorite person, Deputy Kirby. The bald Deputy put on his Stetson and slid his hefty nightstick into a belt loop. He pulled up his sagging duty rig and hawked a loogie.. His heavy boots crunched as he walked to the store’s entrance. His eyes moved over to the man on the bench and froze when he realized who it was. He smiled.
	Bryan and Deputy Kirby have, what some would call, a little history. Always little confrontations here and there, but nothing major, until last January. Bryan was down at Crunty’s, a local watering hole, when some assholes from neighboring Delaware Valley came in and started trouble. Long story short, when Kirby came to break the fight up, he gave Bryan a healthy dose of pepper spray and a kick to the balls. Bryan, in turn gave the Deputy a straight right hand, breaking his jaw. Assault on a police officer was the charge they gave him, plus a nice ninety days in the county jail and two years’ probation. Things have been a little uneasy since then.
	“Well, what do we have here? Drinking in public?” asked Deputy Kirby. He put his hands on his belt, one hand on the pepper spray, the other on his black, semi-automatic handgun.
	Bryan looked up at the Deputy, shielding his eyes from the sun. “No,” and then as an afterthought added, “sir. Just,” he looked for a quick excuse, “checking the board for jobs.” Bryan stood up and turned around, looking at the cork board on the wall. It was covered in fliers, most of which were months old and falling apart. Except for one, which had big ‘HELP WANTED’ written across the top of it. “Ah, here we go,” he said, pulling the flier off of the wall.
	The Deputy looked at the bag lying at Bryan’s feet. “Looks like they shorted you a beer,” he said.
	“Oh, ah-“ Bryan stammered. “Yeah, I must not have-“
	“Wait, just a second,” said Deputy Kirby. He pulled the nightstick from his belt. “Lookit here, Strack, your missing beer.” He pointed to the open beer can with the stick. “But it looks like someone opened it for you.”
	“That’s not mine, Deputy.” Bryan looked at the beer like he had never seen a beer in his entire life. “I certainly wouldn’t be drinking in public, not with being on probation and such.”
	Deputy Kirby shot him a grin and flexed his jaw. A couple of months ago, his jaw would be screaming from any movement. The bones were healed from Bryan’s punch, but the joint still clicked every now and then. He kicked the beer, splattering most of it onto Bryan’s pants. “Well, that takes care of that.” He spit in the puddle of spilled beer and walked into the store.
	Bryan brushed some of the suds from his pants. His anger level was rising and he knew it was time to leave. He walked over to his dusty pick up and hopped in. The truck smelled of spilt beer and old smoke, but the bitch ran like a top. He reached for his keys, realizing he still had the flier in his hand.
	He read it over:
HELP WANTED- Looking for seasonal farm work and odds and ends. Heavy lifting involved, 12 hour days. Lunch included. $10 an hr.
	‘Eh, what the fuck? I need a job anyway,’ thought Bryan. He pulled his cell phone out of the center console and dialed the number on the flier. The other line rang ten times and he was about to hang-up, when someone answered.
	“Hello,” said the gruff voice on the other line. There was a lot of background noise and for a second, Bryan thought he was hearing static.
	“Hello? Ah, yes, my name is Bryan Strack and I’m calling about the flier I saw outside Mable’s deli.”
	“Ho-, hold on a second,” the other person said. The background noise disappeared. “Ok, now that’s better. What are you calling about again?”
	“My name is Bryan Strack, and I’m calling about the job on the farm.” He lit another smoke. Deputy Kirby walked out of the store and discretely flipped him the bird.
	“Yeah, what about it?” asked the voice.
	“Is it still available?” ‘This guy sounds like an asshole already,’ thought Bryan. He almost hung up, but he knew he could really use the money.
	“How old are you?”
	“26,” he answered.
	“Fat ass?”
	“Nope,” he was in great shape after his little stint in the county.
	“Been in any trouble?”
	He hesitated, but knew the man just had to ask around to find out his story. “A little bit,” he answered.
	“Good, can’t trust a man who’s never been in any trouble. Ok, I’ll give you a shot. Kinda like a test run.”
	He breathed a sigh of relief.
	“The day starts at 5 am. Are you ok with that?”
	“Yes, sir, “Bryan answered.
	“Good. Oh, and don’t call me sir. My name’s Hubert, but call me Buck. 75 Benson Hill Farm Road is the address.”
	He grabbed an old mini-golf pencil from the glove box and wrote it down on a receipt.
	“I’ll see you in the morning,” Buck said.
	“Ok,” Bryan paused and thought, ‘Buck is a pretty gay name, but it’s better than Hubert,’ “Buck. I’ll be there.” He was just about to hit the ‘end’ button, when Buck spoke up.
	“Bryan,” he said.
	“Yes, si-, Buck?” he answered.
	“Wear an old pair of boots. Preferably one you’re not afraid to get pig shit all over.” And with that the line went dead. 
******
	Motes of dust and dirt drifted in and out of the path of Bryan’s headlights. His truck bounced over a deep pothole, and he almost smacked his head on the ceiling.
	“Fuck me,” he said, this time he swerved around a hole, only catching the edge of it. He reached over to make sure his coffee mug hadn’t spilled. Luckily, it was still in the cup holder. Thank God for small miracles.
	Buck’s driveway (if you could call it a driveway) was more than a mile long. Deep potholes plagued the crude road and the brush was beyond overgrown. 
Bryan felt like he was driving down a tunnel.
	He looked at the clock on the dashboard which read 4:53. Bryan was rarely late, but only being seven minutes early was late for him. Never did he anticipate having to go five mph down the shithole driveway. He grabbed his mug and sipped the black coffee. It was still a little too hot and his tongue tingled with a slight burn.
	He rounded a bend and large shadows could be seen in the distance. The eastern sky was a faint purple, but gave just enough light to silhouette the farm’s buildings. Bryan strained his eyes and could pick out three distinct buildings: one was obviously a house, with its large gabled roof standing tall amongst the other buildings. Another building was long and narrow. Its roof was gabled too, but not nearly as tall. He figured that must be the barn. 
The final building was a bit of a question. It looked out of place compared with the other two buildings. As his headlights washed over it, he saw how much different it really was. The house and the barn stood tall, both having faded red siding on them. This final building was made of all cinder block. It was low, squat and kind of reminded him of a jail cell. Goose bumps popped on his arms when he passed it. 
Bryan stopped in front of the house and hopped out of the truck.
“You’re late,” said a voice in the darkness. 
He heard the porch shift and groan as someone moved over it. He looked at his watch, which now read 4:58. “I’m sorry, Buck.” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t realize how,” ‘Pick your words carefully,’ he thought, “rough the driveway was. It took me almost ten minutes to get down it.” Bryan pulled a smoke from his shirt pocket and lit it. The nicotine helped calm his nerves.
“Hmmph,” grumbled Buck. He stepped down from the porch and walked towards Bryan. He was in his late 50’s and every year showed. His nearly bald head had a few remaining strands of grey hair, which seem to go every which way. Once baby blue eyes now had the look of watery nail heads. A bulbous nose, crisscrossed with deep veins, alluded to a life of hard drinking. He reached Bryan and stretched out a well calloused hand.
Bryan took it. “Nice to meet you, Buck,” he said as he tried not wince from the man’s vice like grip. With being in this close of proximity to him, he noticed something else; the man reeked like shit.
“You too,” said Buck. “Ok, enough pleasantries, we have work to do. I’ll show you-,” he stopped mid-sentence and looked at the pair of headlights coming down the driveway. “Huh, didn’t think he was coming back.”
Bryan flicked his cigarette, “Who is it?”
“That’s Hodge, the guy you are replacing,” answered Buck.
Hodge’s Jeep stopped in front of the pair. A tall, lanky man stepped out. His head was covered in a thick mop of hay colored hair.
Buck walked up to Hodge and shook his hand, “Didn’t think you were coming back,” he said.
Hodge looked questioningly at Bryan, his gaze seeming to linger before turning back to Buck. “Well, I told you I would finish out my time and I’m a man of my word.”
“That you are,” Buck said. He saw Bryan out of the corner of his eye. “Oh, where are my manners.” He put a hand on Bryan’s shoulder and gently pushed him towards Hodge. “Hodge this is Brandon.”
Bryan extended his hand, “Bryan,” he said, not wanting to make too big a deal over the name mix up.
Hodge shook his hand almost as hard as Buck, “Hodge, nice to meet you.” He had a flat expression on his face.
“Hodge has worked for me for- oh, how long; a year, year and half?” Buck put a fat finger on his stubbly chin as if deep in thought.
“Six months,” Hodge replied.
“Six months? Well, seems a hell of a lot longer to me.” Buck hooked his thumbs in the straps of his overalls. “I was just about to give Bryan,” he put extra emphasis on the name, “the grand tour, but since you are here, you might as well do it. You know the drill, just show him around, get him used to the layout and explain a day’s work.” He walked away from the pair towards the cinder block building.
Once he was out of earshot, Hodge mumbled, “Asshole.”
Bryan, who was half daydreaming said, “Huh, I’m sorry?”
“Don’t worry about it. Come on; let me introduce you to the swine.” The two men walked to the barn.
Bryan could hear the pigs before they even reached the door. It was like a low humming and he quickly placed the sound as the same one he heard on the phone the day before. 
Hodge opened the door and flipped on the lights. Pens were arranged down the center of the barn, with walkways in-between each one. A long walkway lined the walls of the barn, so one could get to every pen with ease.
Bryan’s stomach did a little flip from the putrid smell, but he would get used to it.
“Ok, first things first,” said Hodge, “these are the pigs.”
He gave him a ‘no shit’ kind of look.
“Each morning you start out by feeding them.” Hodge pointed to the long troughs that lined each pen. He walked over to a large bin against the far wall. “And this is what we feed them,” he said as he opened a small door on the bin. Inside were small pellets of feed. He grabbed a wheelbarrow and shovel from the side of the bin and gave them to Bryan. 
The pigs started to get into a frenzy over the prospect of getting fed. Their squealing was sharp, piercing Bryan’s eardrums and denting his brain. 
Hodge had to raise his voice over the squealing, “Fill it up and then every trough gets two scoops.” He gave him a scooper that was hanging from a peg on the wall. 
It took Bryan the better part of an hour to feed all the pigs, but he finally finished. “Ok, now what?” he asked. 
Hodge shrugged, “Now, we take a break. Give the pigs about fifteen to twenty minutes and come back in.” He smirked at him, “Trust me, they will make more work for you.” He pointed to Bryan’s pack of cigarettes. “Mind if I have one?” 
He pulled the pack from his shirt and tossed them to him. “Knock yourself out.”
“We better smoke outside, don’t want Buck to flip his shit,” said Hodge, who already had an unlit cigarette in his mouth. “I swear to God, that man loves these pigs more than anything.”
They sat on an old bench outside the barn. The sun had risen and cast a deep golden hue on the land. 
Hodge lit his cigarette and held the flame out for Bryan. Both men blew puffs of smoke into the dewy morning air. “Ah, that hits the spot,” said Hodge, blowing smoke from his nose.
Bryan flicked ash on the ground. “So, Buck tells me I’m your replacement.” He pulled on the cigarette. “Where are you going?”
He didn’t answer right away, just stared off. “Going? I’m not going anywhere. Just quitting is all.” He took a big drag. Something was hiding in his eyes. “And I suggest you don’t stick around too long yourself.”
Bryan looked at him questioningly, “Why? The pay isn’t too bad and once I’m over the smell I should be ok.”
“The pigs? The pigs aren’t the problem, it’s the people that are the problem,” he answered. His cigarette was down to the filter. He tossed it on the ground and put it out. Bryan gestured with the pack and he took another. “You have only met Buck and the Buck you met is a rare form.” Hodge lit the new cigarette. “Usually he’s a piece of shit. Yelling at you, telling you how worthless you are. You haven’t even met Jane or Hattie yet; his wife and daughter.” He leaned in close. “Between you and me, if those two were in the barn, you would have a hard time telling them apart from the other pigs.” He chuckled. “Between the three of them and that building,” he pointed to the cinder block building, “it just gets old.”
Bryan finished his cigarette and said, “What’s that building?”
Hodge replied, “Slaughterhouse. Yup, that’s where the dirty work is done.”
Bryan swallowed the lump in his throat. He thought this was going to be shoveling shit for twelve hours, not killing animals.
“You don’t have to do much with the slaughterhouse,” said Hodge. “Usually just lead the pig over there and maybe do the stun. But even that is bad.” He stood and put the smoke out with his boot. His gaze rested on the grey building. “You think the squealing during chow time is bad?” He said without looking at Bryan. “Try leading them over there,” he gestured with his head towards the slaughterhouse. “They may only be animals, but they know. They know which ever one of them gets the rope around their neck isn’t coming back.” He was falling into a trance, his speech stuck on auto-pilot. “The others sense it too. Some of them squeal just as loud, either out of fear or just relief. And once the condemned swine are in there, the fight just gets worse.” He started walking towards the slaughterhouse. “Let me just show you. I’m sure you will spend some of your time in there and we still have,” he looked at his watch, “about ten minutes before we have to clean up the shit.”
The slaughterhouse door creaked and a myriad of smells hit Bryan. Fear and death permeated the air, drifting into his nostrils. The room wasn’t too big; two pens rested against the wall. They were small, maybe only the size of the pigs themselves, and had a notched gate which looked like an antique stockade. On the ceiling was a small track system with pulley dangling from it. A thick length of rope with a hook on the end of it was coiled up on a wall rack.
“So,” Hodge waved his hand like he was showing off a grand house, “this is it.” He walked over and ran his hand along one of the holding pens. “First, you put the pig in one of the pens.” He grabbed a set of giant tongs, which had a wire hanging from it, off of the wall. “Then, once the lucky fella is secured, you grab these.” He opened and closed the tongs. “This is the electric stun device or as Buck calls them, the ‘buzzers’. They are quite simple to use; just flick the ‘on’ switch and close them around the pig’s head. A strong shock knocks them out, hopefully.” He flexed his arms, looking closer at the buzzers. “If you don’t hit them right, you will hear the worst sound imaginable.”
Bryan thought the sound in the barn was pretty bad, but from the look on his face he knew he was serious.
“The pig will thrash in agony, making another stun much more challenging.” Hodge hung the buzzers on the wall. “So, don’t miss. After the pig is stunned you tie his rear legs together and hook him up on this pulley.” He pointed to the ceiling. “That’s the end of your work; Buck takes care of the rest.”
Bryan could see a dark stain on the floor next to a rusted drain. “Is that the blood?” He asked.
“Yeah, Buck slits their throats while they are stunned and lets’em bleed out,” Hodge ran a finger against his throat.
Bryan followed the pulley track with his eyes, until it ended at a door. “What’s behind the door?”
“That’s the butchering room,” He opened the door and flicked on a light. Stale, florescent light washed over the room. A metal workbench rested against the wall. Above it hung a variety of wicked looking blades, each one serving its own purpose. “Buck cuts’em up here and gets’em ready for delivery. And that’s pretty much it.” 
They were about to walk out, when he heard a familiar noise. “Hodge, are there pigs in here?”
Hodge stopped and stared at him. A look of revelation appeared on his face. “I can’t believe I forgot to introduce you to ‘The Beauties,’” he said as he walked back into the butchering room. Another small door was tucked into the wall next to the workbench. He opened it, “Bryan, meet the beauties; Glamor and Dainty.”
He had to slightly duck his head to get through the small door. Inside were two identical kennels, each one had an enormous sow. Both pigs had their heads down eating from a shared trough. They slurped and grunted, not paying any mind to the two men. They were pigs all right, but not like the pigs in the barn.
The pigs in the barn were dirty beasts covered in their own shit and mud. They squealed and fought, grunting and pushing for a morsel of food. 
These two pigs in front of Bryan couldn’t be more different. Each pig looked freshly scrubbed. Their pink skin seemed to glow, exuding an essence of life. Floppy ears were clean and hung down, just brushing their faces. The snouts were the dirtiest part of them and that was only because of the food.
Each kennel had a piece of foam for bedding and a large ‘doggy door’ leading to an outside pen.
The pig on the right, who Bryan was told is ‘Dainty’, snorted in her food. She looked up at the two men, slop running down her face. Bits of food were stuck in hair on her cheeks and chin.‘Not by the hair on my chinny chin chin,’ he thought. “So do we have to take care of them separately?” Bryan asked.
“Pah, hell no,” said Hodge. “We probably shouldn’t even be in here.” He pointed to the pigs, which had finished their food and were lying on their beds, breathing heavy. “These are Buck’s prized pigs, his beauties.”
“His beauties?” To him they just looked like pigs that were cleaned up.
“Yeah, his beauties; Glamour and Dainty are reigning Tri-County champions two years in a row. Best in show and Main Event champions; Buck takes care of them personally,” answered Hodge. He looked at his watch. “Ok, the other pigs probably made enough shit for us to go clean up.” He walked out of the small room and out of the slaughterhouse. 
The sun was warm on Bryan’s face and the air smelled rustic, like the beginning of fall, not the middle of summer. He lit another smoke, figuring it would be the last for a while and offered the dwindling pack to Hodge, who took it with a grunt of thanks.
Hodge blew smoke from his nose and said, “Time for me to teach you how to shovel shit.”
******
	They worked for another few hours, when a shrill scream came from the house.
	“What the fuck was that?” asked Bryan.
	Hodge checked his watch; both hands were on the twelve. “That’s Jane, Buck’s wife; must be lunch time.” He set the shovel against the wall and pulled off his work gloves. 
	Bryan did the same. He never thought he would be hungry after shoveling shit for half the day, but his stomach growled just the same. He followed Hodge into the house, making sure to take off their shit covered boots first.
	The same shrill voice met them at the kitchen door, “Hi there Hodge, so nice to see you,” said Jane. She was a perfect fit for Buck. She stood just over five feet and was close to that in width. Her hair was in a tight bun; in fact it was so tight her face looked stretched. Her eyes were sunk in her fat face and dark bags hung from the sockets. She gave Bryan a smile and he noticed her teeth. They had the words ‘bad dentistry’ written all over them. Most of them were there, but those were so stained and overlapped it would’ve been better to pull them all.
	She extended her hand to Bryan, “Well, you must be Brandon.”
	He shook her hand and was shocked at the strength in her meaty grip. “Actually, it’s Bryan.”
	“My apologies, Bryan,” a slight layer of sarcasm was in her words. “Sit, sit.” Jane motioned to the table, which contained a plate stacked with sandwiches. She turned away from the men and yelled, “Hattie!”
	“What?” came the response from somewhere upstairs.
	“Lunch,” she said. 
Buck walked into the kitchen and sat without a word. He grabbed a pitcher of lemonade from the fridge and poured himself a glass.
Something banged down the stairs. Bryan thought it was a piano, but he was wrong. Into the kitchen walked- better yet, waddled- Hattie. 
She was only sixteen, but looked nearly thirty. She was just as large as both of her parents and got the worse of both sets of genes. Her hair didn’t really have discernible color, it was just drab. A sloppy pony tail sat on her neck, not leaving any bangs to cover her acne riddled forehead.  Her nose, which also sported a couple spots of acne, was upturned, but not in a cute way. Her face was caked with cheap make-up, a second rate Halloween job. She fluttered her eyes, which had a clownish blue eye shadow on them, at Hodge.
“Hi Hodgy,” she said. She had called him that since day one and it pissed him off every time.
“Hey Hattie,” replied Hodge, who was instantly interested in the glass of lemonade Jane had just sat in front of him.
She stared at Hodge as Jane handed out the sandwiches. 
Bryan wasn’t shy and started in on his food immediately. The rest of the group started at theirs soon after. Lunch was mostly silent with just the sounds of chewing and labored breathing here and there. 
Finally Buck spoke. “So, how’s the new guy working out?” He poured himself another glass of lemonade and grabbed another half sandwich.
Hodge swallowed and said, “Fine. He’s picking up on most of the chores and has a good strong back.”
He grunted, “Well that’s good, because I don’t have the time to be re-teaching him things.” Buck shoved a piece of thick bologna that had fallen from the sandwich, into his mouth. “You’ve been a good worker Hodge and it’s a shame you have to go.”
“Oh, Hodgy, please don’t go,” whined Hattie. Crumbs sat on her chins.
Buck shot her a nasty glance. “Yeah, it’s a shame, but we would like to extend our thanks and have you over for supper tonight,” he said, with an odd amount of enthusiasm.
“Well, Buck I don’t-,” started Hodge.
“Please, Hodgy?” asked the girl, who still didn’t wipe the crumbs from her face. “Mama’s making fried chicken and her pecan pie, ain’t cha mama?”
“That’s right Hodge,” said Jane. “My Gram’s recipe.”
He wanted to say ‘no’ in the worst way but against better judgment he muttered, “Yeah, sure. I’d love to.”
Hattie squealed with joy.
Buck clapped him on the shoulder, “Glad to hear it.” He gave him an awkward smile. “One last meal together.” He let go of his shoulder and said. “Ok, well let’s get back to work. I’ll let you go early today so you can go get washed up before dinner.”
Jane picked up the plates and the men left the table; Bryan and Hodge walking out of the house, Buck going into another room.
“Fuck me,” he said when they were outside.
“What?” asked Bryan. He burped up a little bologna.
“I don’t want to have dinner with these people,” Hodge kicked a stone across the yard.
“Then why did you say yes?”
The two men stopped outside the barn. “I don’t know. Guilt I guess.”
“Guilt for what?” he asked grabbing a smoke and handing Hodge the last one.
He looked puzzled at the question. “I, I,” he stammered. “I don’t know.”
“Oh, well. The way I see it is you get a free meal and never have to see them again,” said Bryan.
“Guess you’re right,” he said. He flicked the cigarette and walked into the barn.
******
	Hodge arrived at the farm around six. The sun was still high in the sky, and bright as ever. 
	‘One last meal, then they are out of my life,’ he thought.
	The front door opened as soon as his boots hit the steps. It was Hattie. “Hey Hodgy,” She was eating a lollipop, but not one of the thin, tiny ones. Rather it was the kind that looks like a jawbreaker on a stick. She was licking and sucking on it in a failed attempt to look sexy. 
	“Hi Hattie,” he said pushing his way passed her. His disgust for Hattie was fleeting when the smells from the kitchen reached him. Hot, crispy chicken crackled in the pan, with Jane standing right over it.
	“Just take a seat, supper should be done any minute,” she said while pulling chicken from the oil.
	Buck came walking in and Hodge stood up. The two men shook hands. “Glad you could make it,” said Buck. He grabbed two beers from the fridge and gave one to Hodge.
	He sipped his beer, “By the smells coming from your wife’s cooking, I’m glad I made it too.”
	Dinner was good, actually it was excellent. Hodge didn’t think his stomach could fit anything else, but he kept finding ways to get Jane’s chicken and potatoes down. And there was still dessert.
	Jane pulled a perfect pecan pie from the oven and gave it a moment to rest.
	Buck stood up, “I almost forgot.” He turned from the table and went into the fridge. “This was my mother’s specialty, rhubarb pie.” He sat the pie plate on the table
	“Oh my, I love Gramma’s rhubarb pie,” said Hattie, who was already accepting a piece from her father. 
	He cut two more pieces and gave them to Jane and Hodge. 
	Jane took a big bite and smiled, rhubarb staining her horrid teeth red. “Buck, this is excellent,” She pilled another generous forkful into her mouth. “Hodge, you have to try this.”
	“I would love to, but I can’t,” he said. Buck shot him a nasty glance and Hodge noticed the heavy man was starting to sweat.
 “What do you mean you can’t? Just pick up the fork and take a bite.” Buck wiped his forehead with his napkin.
	“Really Hodge,” Hattie said through a full mouth, “It’s great.” She dropped her fork. It clattered off of the plate and onto the floor.
	The pie did look delicious, but Hodge knew he couldn’t eat it. He was allergic to rhubarb and it gave him horrible hives. “I believe you, but I just can’t,” he said to Hattie, who was trying to pick up her fork.
	“And why not?” asked Buck, who gave him a slightly maniacal grin. Jane started to cough.
	He realized that Buck didn’t serve himself any pie. “I’m,” he stuttered, “allergic.”
	“Daddy, I don’t feel so good,” whimpered Hattie. Her face was flushed.
	“Buck, I don’t feel well either,” said his wife.
	He ignored his wife and daughter. “Well, Hodge,” his eyes narrowed and his face was splotchy. “I made this pie for you too, so why don’t you just fucking eat it!” Buck yelled. His chins quivered with rage and Hodge was just about to stand up, when Jane fell out of her chair.
	Hodge tried to stop her from hitting the floor, but her weight was too much for him. Both of them crashed to the floor. He scrambled to get up, but something struck him in the back of the head. He fell to the ground and could feel his hair growing slick with blood. His vision swam, but he was able to see Buck standing over him with a bloodied rolling pin. He could feel unconsciousness creeping along the edges of his vision.
	“You should’ve just eaten the pie,” said Buck. He moved quickly, quicker than Hodge thought a man of his size could move. 
	He tried to block, but his energy was sapped.
	Buck brought the solid pin down onto his forehead, dropping him into the darkness. 
******
	Bryan made sure to leave his apartment earlier this morning. He didn’t want to piss off Buck and without Hodge his work would be double. His truck bounced over familiar potholes as the buildings came into view. Black windows reflected his headlights back into the darkness. He was almost to the front of the house when he saw another vehicle parked in front. 
	Bryan parked and said to himself, “Hodge? I thought you were done?” He got out of his truck and walked over to the Jeep. ‘Maybe he decided to do another last day,’ he thought. He reached out and touched the hood of Hodge’s Jeep. His face scrunched up in confusion; the Jeep’s hood was cold.
	“Bryan!” A voice to his right shouted. “Is that you?”
	He turned and could see a silhouette of a man standing in the illuminated doorway of the slaughterhouse. “Yeah Buck, it’s me,” said Bryan. He started walking towards Buck.
	“Oh, good; I need some help.” Buck said, before disappearing back into the slaughterhouse.
	The hair on Bryan’s neck stood up and every fiber in his being was telling him to get in his truck and drive, but he needed the job. Besides, he would look quite foolish running away from a fat old man who, not only was his boss, but needed a hand.
	Bryan opened the door of the slaughterhouse. His eyes were assaulted by the florescent light and it took him a moment to adjust. When he finally adjusted, Buck stood in front of him
	The portly man looked like shit, plain and simple. His couple strands of hair were greasy and pointing in every direction. Bags that resembled thunderheads drooped under his eyes. A once white apron was caked with blood in all stages of oxidation. Dried browns, mixed with fresh vibrant red and every shade in-between. As shitty as he looked Buck had a wide grin on his face.
	He looked him up and down. “Buck, what the fuck happened to you?”
	Buck spoke, but the grin remained, “Nothing happened to me. I’m great, never better.” Somehow the grin widened. 
	“But you’re covered in blood and look like shit,” he thought Buck would lose his mind at the mild insult, but he kept on grinning.
	“Oh, this?” Buck wiped his hands down his bloody apron. “This is nothing, just some unexpected late night work.”
	He must’ve slaughtered a pig overnight, but there was no blood in the room. Then Bryan remembered the other room. This was the room where the pigs were stunned and slaughtered, but maybe Buck had a change of plans
	“Mr. O’Grady called last night during supper,” he said, “and told me his dogs had gotten to the pig he was prepping for his cook-out today. Told me he would pay double if I could have one ready for him by the morning.” He let out a hollow chuckle. “Can’t pass up on that kind of money, now can I?”
	Bryan’s arms were covered in goose bumps despite the warm morning. “No, no. I guess not.” He swallowed hard. “What do you need me to do?”
	“Just grab the rope there and make sure it’s good and secured,” he said.
	Bryan turned his back and grabbed the rope. He smelled the shock before he felt it. The tongs, or as Buck called them ‘buzzers’, gave off an interesting smell. Kind of like right after a rainstorm when lightning is still dancing in the sky. They smelled like burnt ozone.
	His vision exploded as Buck closed both ends of the tongs on his temples. A flurry of numbing pain shot through him and he hit the cold floor in a heap. His body convulsed and seized as his stunned nerves reacted to the shock. Bryan’s head hit the ground chin first, biting off the tip of his tongue. Coppery blood filled his mouth and he began to gag. Gagging led to choking and choking led to vomiting. This morning’s coffee and bagel came up in a fiery stream, mixing with the blood on the floor. He could feel his body moving, but he had no control over it. Before he knew what was happening, he was being lifted off of the floor. He was able to move his eyes and could see that his feet had been tied together and a hook was drawing him up the pulley.
	Buck pulled the rope until Bryan’s limp arms were off of the ground. He then secured his wrists with zip ties.
	Bryan groaned, vomit and blood dripping from his mouth. He watched Buck open the door to the other room. Then he got behind Bryan and began pushing him along the track towards the other room.
	“You’re gonna help me, Bryan,” he whispered. His breath smelled like insanity. “Just like Hodge did.” The track squealed as it slid into the other room.
	The room was a nightmare. Almost every surface was covered in blood and chunks of gore. All of the wicked knives and tools were strewn across the work bench, some still with flesh stuck in them. Bryan’s senses were coming back and smell was the strongest. The horrid odor of punctured organs wafted through the air. And on the back of that was the smell of shit. Not animal shit either; this shit was human. He spun on the rope he was suspended from and saw a large pile of meat in the corner. The ribcage looked too small to be a pig and he followed it up to the face; Hodge’s face.
	Hodge, well what was left of him, was a sloppy pile of bone and mush. His face was contorted in a mask of pure fear. A fly rubbed its legs together on the dry trail of blood running from the butchered man’s nose. His ribcage was torn wide open and looked hollow. Strips of meat hung from the bones, but no organs were in sight.
	Bryan wanted to look away, but he couldn’t. His eyes kept going back to the pile and he saw something new; a chubby hand. The hand was attached to an arm, but he kept looking at the hand. It was familiar to him, but it wasn’t Hodge’s. Then he noticed the wedding ring, the same one he saw the day before on Jane’s hand.
	His attention diverted when Buck spoke. “A mess isn’t it?” He was standing in front of him, kind of squatting down. Buck had a long filet knife in his hand and was using it like a teacher uses a pointer. “But if you want to make omelets you have to break a few eggs,” He chuckled at his lame joke. He stood and his knees popped. “Fortunately, I had enough eggs to make a hell of an omelet.” He spun Bryan around and caught him. “Hodge was a big help, but my beauties need more, much more.” He looked up proudly. “They are champions.”
	Bryan heard something moving in the final room, the room where Dainty and Glamor lived.
	“Ah,” Buck said, “my beauties are awake.” He opened the door and out shambled living nightmares.
	A giant pig came stumbling from the other room, except it wasn’t all pig. The head certainly was swine, but the torso was a fat, nude woman. The head and the torso were joined by thick black stiches, with just a slight amount of fresh blood coming from the holes. Her saggy tits swayed, bouncing off of her blood covered belly, making a slight slapping sound. The creature’s left arm was gone and in its stead was pink hog leg topped with a black hoof. Black stiches fused the pig arm to the body. The right arm was still intact and it was pushing a chunk of meat into its maw. Jane’s legs were mostly intact, until you looked at her feet. Bryan could tell why the beast was stumbling. The fat human legs were gone from the knee down. In their place were pigs legs, which struggled to hold the hulking mass.
	The Jane/pig creature squealed; she was hungry. Buck smacked her in the tit. “Not yet, you greedy cunt!” She turned on him and he pointed the knife at her heart.
	“Stop the fighting, I’m fucking hungry!” said Hattie. Well, Hattie’s head. Stumbling after her mother was what was left of Buck’s daughter. Her head was stitched onto another pig’s body. The horrible make-up she had worn to dinner still coated her face in a bloody mess. Most of her body was the pig’s, except for the rear legs. They were hers, but Buck decided to put them on backwards for shits and giggles. She rushed towards Bryan and her face was level with his. She breathed deeply. “He smells good Daddy, better than Hodgy.”
	Bryan tried to move, and even though the electricity had worn off, fear kept him still.
	She lunged forward and bit his cheek. Fresh blood flowed from his face. He shrieked, trying to get away from her.
	Hattie squealed as Buck planted a boot in her ribs. “Hattie May, you back your fat ass up.” He pointed at her with the knife too.
	“Sorry Daddy, but I’m soooo hungry,” she whined.
	“I know sweetheart, but you don’t want to fill up on empty calories. You need the good stuff,” said Buck. Both of his beauties squealed with excitement. His eyes shone with pure insanity. “It’s time to eat.” He slid the thin blade right above Bryan’s pubic bone and sliced down, opening his gut.
	Bryan felt a wet slap as his intestines fell from his body cavity and struck his face. His last prayer was to be dead before he was eaten. It wasn’t answered.
SMOOTH JAZZ
“Have we met before?” asked George. He extended his hand and the stranger grasped it with blinding quickness.
“Why, yes George we have.” The stranger turned back to the bar and sipped at his glass of whiskey neat.
George looked around and could not remember where he was or how he had gotten there. Cigarette smoke and smooth jazz floated lazily through the air. A band strummed away on the tiny stage. He watched them for a second as they slowly picked at the strings and blew into their horns. All of them wore clean, fresh looking tuxedos along with slight smiles. The bassist, an old black gentleman, hit a solo and made that instrument hum, all the while keeping his smoke in the corner of his mouth. ‘Damn, he looks cool’, he thought.
George took his old eyes off of the bassist and looked around. The first thing he noticed was that the band weren’t the only ones who were dressed up.
The small cocktail lounge had a few booths nestled into the walls, along with some tables dotting the floor. Guests in formal evening wear filled the seats, a low murmur rising above them.
‘Those look very comfy,’ thought George as he watched a waiter help a woman, in a black dress with a red fox pelt around her neck, into the plush booth. Red velvet and black leather is what the majority of the furniture was made of. Even the barstools had soft leather seats, with deep polished wood frames. ‘How did I ever get into a place like this wearing my pj’s?’ thought George. He looked down and was stunned. His once ratty and tattered pajamas had been replaced by a dark brown, almost black suit. The old Mets shirt was now a light cream colored, Egyptian cotton, button up. A thin tie the color of the suit seemingly cut the shirt in two.
‘Where am I? What the hell is going on?’ His mind began to race frantically. The last memory he had was brushing his teeth next to Linda when an enormous pressure slammed into his chest. Then he was shaking hands with a stranger who said he knew him. ‘The stranger,’ he thought.
George turned back to the stranger, who was now facing the bar and had a cigarette wedged between his pointer and middle finger.
He put the cigarette to his lips and drew deeply, blowing the smoke from his pointy nose. He swirled the glass and sipped his amber colored whiskey.
“Who are you and where am I?” asked George. The stranger tapped his ashes into a crystal ash tray and turned to him.
“You need to relax. Order a drink.” The stranger looked at the bartender and motioned him over. “Get this gentleman a gin Martini, two olives and make it dirty.” The bartender nodded and walked away. The stranger took a drag from his cigarette and smiled at George, letting the smoke drift from between his teeth.
He was shocked. The stranger had ordered his drink perfectly. He had been drinking dirty gin Martinis with two olives for the last sixty years of his life.
‘Who is this guy?’ George asked himself. His drink arrived and at first he was a bit skeptical.
“Go on,” said the stranger, motioning to the glass. “I promise it’s the best you’ve ever had.”
George’s old, withered fingers closed around the base of the glass. The murky liquid hit his tongue with a salty bite; small ice chips from the vigorous shaking bouncing off his teeth. “Ah, boy you weren’t lying; this is the best drink I’ve had in a long time.” He took another sip, this one deeper and looked at the stranger.
A slim man, yet having an air of authority about him; the stranger’s black hair was neatly parted to one side with delicately placed streaks of grey slicing through it. His eyes weren’t beady, yet they were extremely dark. The man’s lips were full and perfect white teeth hung from his gums. The more George looked at him the more confused he became. One moment the man looked like a twenty-something, other times he could have been in his late forties.
“I’m sorry, but I just can’t place you? Where did we meet?” George finished off his drink and another was in its place. He sipped it; just as good as the other one.
The stranger put out his cigarette and finished his whiskey. The bartender, his white shirt still immaculate after a night of tending bar, came over with an unmarked bottle of whiskey and refilled the glass. “We met a long, long time ago. But don’t let that concern you right now, just sit back and enjoy the party.”
George didn’t know what to make of this guy, but decided to take his advice and enjoy himself. Both men turned in their stools, backs to the bar and looked out over the lounge.
The jazz had become even smoother than before and many couples were dancing cheek to cheek. The bass player was sending his deep tones throughout the room, while the tingle of the piano danced around the thick sounds. It was one of the most beautiful sounds George had ever heard. He sipped from his glass; the alcohol in his belly was starting to make his head swim. “Can you at least tell me your name, if you're not going to tell me where we met? Maybe that will jog my memory.”
The stranger turned to him and reached into his inner suit pocket. A silver cigarette holder and lighter appeared. He flicked it open and removed a smoke. Before closing it he motioned it towards George, who reached in and took a cigarette.
George put the cigarette in his mouth and leaned in towards the stranger, who had his lighter open and lit. He pulled the toxins and nicotine deep into his old lungs and between the smoke and booze, his head was really swimming.
“Lucas, that’s my name and this is my place,” the stranger said gesturing with his hand to the open room.
 “Lucas? I don’t think I have ever met a Lucas before.” He drank from his glass. “But you have a hell of a nice place here.”
Lucas chuckled, “You have no idea.” George laughed along with him, but didn’t know why.
“Ok, so you have me stumped. I cannot for the life of me remember you.” George smoked and flicked his ashes in the ash tray.
“Think back to a long time ago, when you were just slightly more than a boy.”
“How can that be? I am 82 years old and you can be no more than 40. I could be your grandfather.” He polished off his second Martini. “It just isn’t possible.”
Lucas’ hands shot out like twin serpents, clasping George’s head.
“Hey, what the fuck are you doing?” questioned George, his withered hands pulling at the steel vices on his skull. Fear swept over him and his balls tightened up against his body.    
“Helping you remember.” A devilish grin appeared on Lucas’ mouth.    
George's eyes went wide as he was thrust back into his memories.
******
He was 18 again, standing in the woods by the old train tracks. Gertrude Myers lay on the forest floor, her head smashed in and skirt pulled up. She said she wanted to go all the way, but when the time came she couldn’t go through with it. Anger and rejection built up in George and he tried to take her anyway. She fought, kicking him in the spot he was trying to attack her with. He pushed her to the ground and punched her in the face. She tried fighting back and even bit him, but to no avail. He picked up a rock and with one shot put a four inch dimple in her forehead. They both lay motionless; his heart thumping like a jackhammer. Gertrude’s one good eye looked at George accusingly; her platinum hair turning a deep shade of red.
Even in death she was taunting him, ‘You’re gonna burn for this Georgey boy. Daddy can’t save you now. You’re going to prison, then you can feel what real rape is, and after they are done fucking you, you‘ll ride the lightning.’
Her disembodied voice tore through his head and he knew what he heard was the truth. His Dad, a local cop, couldn’t save him this time. This wasn’t getting caught drinking and driving; he had just murdered an innocent young girl.
George lay on the forest floor and began to weep. “I’m sorry,” he screamed. Tears and snot flowed freely down his face. “God, I’m so sorry. I would give anything to make this go away.” He balled his fists into his eyes.
“Anything?” There was a voice; at least he thought it was a voice.
“Hello? Who’s there?" He stood up. "Billy, is that you? Stop fucking around!” cried George.
“I am not Billy but I can help you.” The voice said again.
George whipped around, seeing only a fleeting shadow amongst the trees. “Who’s there?” he yelled; panic beginning to gnaw at his gut.
“Who I am doesn’t matter; the only thing that matters is I can help you, if you want.”
He now realized this person was his savior. “Yes, please help me. You can have anything you want, just help.”
“Anything?” the voice said with a little laugh.
“Yes, anything,” a small glimmer of hope was shining on George.
“Fine, it is done. Go home and you will never hear of this unfortunate event again.”
George ran home, fearful of what the shadowy man had said, but true to his word, he never heard the name Gertrude Myers again. She disappeared from the face of the earth and, in their grief, her parents moved away.
He joined the military two months later and lived the rest of his life on a straight and narrow path. He married, had kids and grandkids, living the perfect life.
******
George’s old slate colored eyes misted up as the memories came flooding back. “You,” he muttered. “It was you in the woods all those years ago.”
Lucas smiled, “Yes, George, and now you owe me.”
The room began to spin and not from the alcohol. George steadied himself, but the change had been made. The sweet smell of cigarette smoke and perfume that so delicately hung in the air was replaced. Death, decaying corpses and shit was the new scent in the room.
The band continued to pump out the smooth jazz, each bass riff feeling like an explosion. The once charismatic band members were now vile denizens of hell, creatures whose skin hung black and charred. Pustules swelled and popped, white ooze sliding down their destroyed bodies. Animal heads protruded from their necks; the bass player’s old black head was now that of a large rat. Eyes green, skin torn and blistered, he stopped playing and pulled a cigarette from his jacket pocket. Instead of it being a smoke, it was a human finger. He lit it and inhaled deeply, his slender rat lips surrounding the finger nail.
The guests in the room all changed as well. George watched a sweet old woman morph into a deformed half dog, half woman creature. She pushed her date, whose skin was instantly covered in boils, to the ground and began tearing at his stomach. Her powerful jaws were tearing through his bubbling skin and into his rotten organs. He lifted his head to the sky and laughed and laughed. “Get it all, you fucking bitch!” The man yelled, and his shrill laughter continued.
Scenes like this were all over the room; creatures killing, maiming and fucking each other.
They all changed except for one; Lucas.
George turned to the man, who’s black on black suit and red tie still looked immaculate, and noticed he was smiling.
Lucas swung his gaze over to meet George’s and said, “Come on old boy, you have a debt to pay.” He outstretched his hand, like they were on a first date.
His hand slowly moved towards Lucas’ and grasped it. George’s eyes overflowed with tears, but there was nothing he could do.
“Is it gonna hurt?” He asked, stepping over a severed limb.
 Lucas looked at him and smiled. “Oh, yes. Your pain will be exquisite.”
George whimpered as he was led out of the room and into the darkness.
THE MAN IN THE TWEED SUIT
	The Sheriff’s car rolled through the train station parking lot. ‘I fucking hate midnights,’ thought Deputy Scott Balch.
A veteran of the Columbus County Sheriff’s Office for eight years, Scott had recently been assigned to the overnight shift. He found out butting heads with a Sergeant wasn’t the best career move. He had just started his second grueling week on his new shift.
	He stifled a yawn with the back of his hand as the headlights of his cruiser lit up the empty waiting pavilion. He continued down the parking lot, shining his spotlight into the cars parked in the overnight spots. At three in the morning nothing seemed to be stirring; only Scott and the other two Deputies around the county.
	He parked the car and turned the lights off. The seats in his Dodge Charger didn’t recline too far, but it was far enough for him. He closed his eyes for a moment, talk radio providing light background noise. 
	Sleep was almost on him when his dispatch radio flared up. “Base to 27,” said the voice over the radio.
	“27,” said another Deputy, who was miles away.
	“Respond to 215 Third Street for an automatic alarm,” responded the dispatcher.
	“Received, can I have-“
	Scott flipped off the radio. A bad move in police work, but he really needed a few minutes of sleep. He closed his eyes again. His body was just slipping into unconsciousness when a deep thumping on the roof of the car eliminated all hope of any rest.  His eyes opened to see fat drops of rain hitting the windshield.
	“Fuck,” he said, rubbing a hand over his stubbly face. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a tin of tobacco. He grabbed a generous pinch and stuffed it in his lower lip. The rush of nicotine gave him the jolt he needed to wake up.
	He turned on his headlights and the radio and made his way out of the train station lot. Scott was just passing the pavilion when something caught his eye. There was a person standing outside the pavilion in the pouring rain. He turned the spotlight on the person.
	An old man, in a faded brown tweed suit with a matching hat, stood there holding a leather briefcase. The rain beat on the old man, but he stood unfazed just staring at the Sheriff’s car.
	Scott grabbed the microphone for the PA system. “Sir, are you ok?” He hoped the old man gave the thumbs up because he did not want to get out in the rain. The old man just stood there, not responding. He tried again, but received no response. “Crazy old bastard,” said Scott, who was grabbing his rain coat from his duty bag. He drove over to the man and got out.
	The old man stood still as a statue, just staring off into space.
	“Sir,” said the Deputy. “Are you ok?” He touched the man’s arm. The old man felt like a cold pile of bones. Scott shivered, but not from the chill of rain.
	The old man turned to face the Deputy; rivulets of rain followed the deep creases in his face. The rain soaked through his hat and matted a few strands of white hair to his forehead. “Yes, I am fine,” he said. “But I don’t know where I am.”
	Scott, who was very thankful for his rain coat, asked, “How did you get here?”
	The old man seemed to look through him. “I don’t know. I think I was dropped off.”
	‘Dropped off by whom? No train came through and the next one isn’t due for two hours,’ thought Scott. “Do you know who you are?” The old man just stared. “What’s your name?” again no response. He reached down and keyed up his portable radio, “Car 29 to base.”
	“Base is on, go ahead,” they responded.
	“I’m out at the Hartland train station with an elderly gentleman. He seems to be lost.” Scott looked at the old man, who was still staring at nothing. “I’m going to be giving a courtesy ride.”
	“Received,” said the base.
	He looked back to the old man and said, “Sir, come with me. I’m going to get you warmed up.” He put a hand on the old man’s back and guided him towards the car.
	The old man silently made his way to the car and got in the back seat. 
	Scott went into the trunk of the cruiser and grabbed a blanket. “Here, try to warm up a little,” he said handing it to the old man.
	He took it without protest and wrapped it around his hunched shoulders. “Thank you,” he muttered. “You’re a kind man.” He grabbed his briefcase, “I’d like to give you something.”
	“Sir, I can’t accept anything from you. Besides, it’s my job,” said Scott and he closed the car door. He shook off the rain coat and got back into the driver seat. “So, where can I take you?” He put the car in drive and pulled out of the train station.
	The old man looked up at Scott’s reflection in the rear view mirror and muttered, “I don’t know.”
	He met the man’s gaze as an oncoming car drove by. The car’s headlights lit up cruiser’s interior, except for the old man’s eyes. He did a double take, but the light was gone and his eyes looked normal. “29 to base.”
	“Base on.”
	Scott keyed the microphone while looking at the old man, “I’m going to be taking my courtesy ride to St. Mary’s Hospital for evaluation.”
	“Received,” said the base.
	“Sir, I’m going to take you to the hospital. They are going to help you out.”
	The rain continued to beat down, casting stripes on the old man’s face. He looked at the Deputy and just shrugged. His hat was starting to sag; drops of water still fell onto his face.
	The drive to the hospital took a little longer than usual due to the weather, but they made it in less than fifteen minutes. Scott pulled around to the emergency bay and stopped the car. “Ok, sir. We’re here. I’m going to help you in.” He got out of the car, rain still coming down, and opened the back door.
	The old man stepped out, leaving his briefcase on the seat. “You’ve been so kind to a poor old man. I must give you something.”
	Again the Deputy gave the same response, “Sir, I would do it for anyone. It’s my pleasure to help.” He noticed the old man had left his briefcase on the seat and reached in to retrieve it. “Don’t want to forget-,” Scott stopped. The old man was gone. Not a trace, as if he disappeared into thin air.
	Scott tossed the briefcase in the front seat of his car and walked into the emergency room. He asked all the staff and security, but no one had seen the man in the tweed suit. After doing a couple laps around the hospital, he decided the man was long gone.
	His shift was finally coming to an end; the cruiser was back in its marked parking spot. A dim light was starting to poke through the clouds. Scott reached over to get his duty bag and saw the briefcase. He picked it up and turned it over in his hands; it felt warm, like it was alive. The craftsmanship was undeniable and he was sure the man would want it back; maybe there was some information on the man’s identity in the case. 
	Scott worked the gold clasp and it came undone with a snap. He opened the case and looked inside. It was pitch black, like it was a hole; he could see no sides or a bottom. He put his face closer, thinking the darkness was a play on the early morning light.
 A wicked claw shot from the bag, grabbing Scott’s face. Sharp nails dug into his head, etching his skull. He tried to scream, but the claw was over his mouth. In one fierce tug it pulled him into the briefcase. The edges of the open case started to curl in, until the whole thing collapsed on itself and was gone.
“Base to 29.” There was nothing but silence. “Base to 29?”
SWEET YOUNG THING
Frank turned the plain white business card over in his hand. A phone number was scrawled on it in black ink. He read the number again, probably for the fifteenth time, gathering his nerve. He hit the ‘phone’ icon on the LCD screen and punched in the number. His breathing deepened and for once it wasn’t due to the extra forty pounds he carried around. His chubby finger hovered over the ‘send’ icon and finally he hit ‘cancel’.
Frank leaned back in the driver’s seat of his BMW and let out a sigh. Even though it was a cool night he was sweating. He pulled a handkerchief from his suit pocket and wiped his face. 
The rain pelted the sleek black car, thrumming on the cloth convertible top. He had been sitting under the streetlight for the last half hour, playing with the card and punching in the number, only to chicken out. He even rehearsed his speech over and over, just like Mick told him. Now, the hard part; making the call.
Frank punched the number in again. The glaring green ‘send’ button stared at him, tempting him. “Fuck it,” he said to no one and hit send. He listened to the phone ring and ring. He half-hoped no one would answer and after the fifth ring he thought he would be right.
“Hello,” said a spectral voice on the phone.
His breath caught in his throat and for a second he froze, forgetting his lines.
“Hello?” the voice said again.
He cleared his throat, “Ah, yes I’m looking for Irene?”
The person on the other end paused. “There’s no one here named Irene. Perhaps you have the wrong number.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. Is Prentice there then?” The other person hadn’t hung up yet, so he figured he was doing something right.
“Nope, no Prentice either. Sir, I really think you have the wrong number.”
“How foolish do I feel. Just one more question?” He paused. “Is Cleatus there?”
“Sir, I have to cut you off. You clearly have the wrong number. Goodbye!” The line went dead.
Frank looked at the call timer on his phone. The call was only 45 seconds long, but it felt like an eternity. His heart was pounding and he wished he had a cigarette. The cell phone started ringing and he nearly shit his pants.
“Hello?” his voice quivered.
A different voice was on the other line. “551 King Street, apartment 71B. Knock four times and have cash.” The line went dead; Frank sighed. He was too far in to back out now. Without a second thought he put the car in drive.
******
	The apartment building was a shithole, an old brownstone that had seen better days. ‘This is worth $750 an hour?’ he thought. The elevator creaked and whined, but it made it to the seventh floor. Frank stood in front of 71B and tightened up his tie. He knocked.
	Frank heard the locks slide and the door opened. Disappointment washed over him in a wave.
	A young woman, probably around sixteen, stood in the doorway. Her vibrant blond hair was in a loose pony tail and draped over her shoulder. The girl’s cheek bones were high, with just a hint of natural make up. She wore a sheer pink nightie that allowed him to see her nipples poking out. On any given day he would have thought her beautiful, but today she was all wrong. 
	He started to walk in, but the girl put a hand on his chest. “Business first,” she said.
	Frank reached in his suit pocket and pulled an envelope. 
The girl quickly counted it and smiled, “Ok, now for pleasure.”
She was not what he asked for, but this was a no refund business and he was going to make the best of it.
******
	Frank and the girl had been going at it for the better part of thirty minutes. His fat, hairy body was slick with sweat. He was enjoying himself, but not enough to finish. This bitch was not what he asked for. He decided to try something else, hopefully that would do the trick.
	“Oh, ah. No, no, that hurts,” she said. She winced when he went deeper and harder. “Fuck!” she yelled in his face. Her eyes were welling up with tears. “I told you that hurt. So stop it!”
	He stopped and looked at the girl. A bead of his sweat dripped in her eye. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.” He stopped what he was doing and ran a hand through her hair. Frank grabbed a handful of it, holding her head still and smacked her in the face. 
	Her eyes were wide open and stunned. His hand came back, hitting her again.
	“There, now I meant to hurt you,” he spit in her face. “You were not what I wanted, you old cunt.” The girl’s lip quivered and a thin line of blood slid out of the corner of her mouth. “Now, lay there and take it like the fucking whore you are!” Frank went back to work; he was finally able to finish.
******
	Frank sped away from the building fifteen minutes later, leaving the girl battered and bleeding. She cleaned herself as best as she could before her ride came. 
	The girl abandoned the nightie for sweat pants and a hoodie. She got into the back of the black SUV and sat delicately. 
	There was another occupant in the backseat. She always came to pick the girls up from their dates. The other woman was smoking a thin cigar; her face was bathed in darkness. The girl handed the woman the money. “So, how was it?” asked the woman, who had already made the money disappear.
	The girl hesitated. “It was fine,” she mumbled. She knew she must sound strange from the swelling on her lip.
	The woman flipped on the dome light and hissed at the sight of the girl. “Tell me,” she puffed her cigar, “everything.” 
	The girl painstakingly recounted the night’s events as the SUV sped towards a hospital.
******
	A week had gone by since Frank’s encounter with the young prostitute. Part of him felt regretful for what he had done and another part didn’t give a fuck. He was promised young, not some teenage skank who’s been used and abused; young.
	He stared blankly at his computer screen. There was a knock at his door. It was Christy, the resident bull dike of the office. “Everything ok Frank?”
	‘I was fine, until your pussy chomping ass walked in. Now I wanna fucking shoot myself just looking at your face,’ he thought. “Yeah, I’m great. Just a little stuck on the Dempsey project.” His cell phone started ringing. He looked at the screen and at first almost ignored the call, but then he recognized the number. “Hey, give me a minute. I have to take this call.” Christy walked out, closing the door behind her.
	He hit the ‘answer’ icon. “Hello,” he said.
	“I understand you were not happy with the services provided to you.” It was the woman who had given him the address.
	He stood up and walked over to his window. He watched the people below him milling around the street like ants. “I guess you can say that. I was told your girls were young, not some rejected prom queen.”
	The woman inhaled as if she was smoking. “Well, I do apologize and I value your business. In this,” she paused, “lucrative trade, good, trustworthy customers are hard to come by.”
	He grunted.
	“I would like to make it up to you. How about one on the house? Just to show good faith. Tell me what you want, be specific.”
	Frank thought about it, his perverted mind racing. “Ten, not a fucking day older.”
	“Done.”
	“White, brown hair, green eyes and short. I wanna toss her around a little.” He chuckled. “I’ll be more careful this time.” He realized he was getting hard talking about the arrangement.
	“I have the perfect girl for you. When?” she asked.
	“Tonight, Regency Club hotel, downtown. Reservations under the name Borris.” Now it was his turn to hang up on her. The line went dead and he smiled. “Christy!” he yelled. The dike with the David Hasselhoff hair cut walked in. 
	“Yes Frank?”
	“Cancel my afternoon meetings, I’m taking the rest of the day off,” He shrugged his arms into his jacket. 
	Christy gave him a smirk. “Oo la la. Hot date tonight?”
	“You can kind of say that,” he shut the door leaving her standing alone.
******
	The woman and young girl stepped out of the SUV in front of the Regency Club. The woman tossed her cigar butt in the gutter and both of them walked in the hotel.
	“Good evening,” said the hostess behind the long counter top. She flashed a fake smile to the new customers.
	“Hello,” said the woman. “I’m meeting someone here, the name should be Borris.”
	The hostess’ fingers flew over the keyboard, bringing up the reservation. “Yup, right here. Room 215.” She turned her attention to the young girl. “Your father is expecting you.” The hostess gave another smile, this one not so fake. When the hostess was later questioned she would say there was a little girl, but she couldn’t remember a thing about her.
	“Right, her father,” said the woman, her mind racing. “It is his weekend with his little girl.” She squeezed the girl’s shoulder.
	“Would you like to walk her up?” asked the hostess.
	“No, she’s a big girl; I think she can handle it.”
	“Ok then. Just take the elevator to the second floor and the room will be on your right,” said the hostess.
	“Thanks,” said the girl.
	“Have a good time and enjoy yourself,” said the woman, her thin lips forming a smirk.
	“I’m sure I will,” for good measure she added, “mom.”
******
	Frank wiped the condensation from the bathroom mirror. He looked like shit, but he certainly didn’t feel like it. He felt great, like a new man. The cheap hotel towel was rough on his skin as he finished drying himself off. He pushed open the bathroom door and got quite a surprise.
	A young girl sat on his bed facing the bathroom. She wore a long blue denim skirt and an off white button up shirt. Her hair was the color of chestnuts and even from the bathroom he could see her emerald eyes. She was perfect; exactly what he asked for.
	“Hi,” he said walking out of the bathroom. “My, my, you are a sweet young thing.”
	“Hello,” she said back. She stood up on the bed and swished her skirt back and forth drawing attention to her legs. Frank could see traces of blond peach fuzz on her slender legs; his heart was pounding.
	A thought struck him, “How did you get in here?” he asked.
	She put a finger to her lips, the small nail was painted pink, and said, “You left the door unlocked, silly man.” She giggled only the way girls can giggle.
	He almost told her hotel doors lock on their own, but she cut him off.
	“So, am I better than the last girl you had?” she asked.
	He smiled, “Oh, my, you are much better; just what I needed.” He started to walk towards her, letting the towel fall to the ground. His rotund stomach was lined with shallow stretch marks and hung below his belt line. Frank’s tits sat on top of his gut and he made his way towards the girl.
	Standing on the bed she was just about eye level with him. She put a hand out like a crossing guard. “Stop,” she said. He froze within arm’s reach of the girl. “I wanna smell you first; make sure you washed away all the ‘ick’ in the shower.”
	He thought it was an odd request, but he obliged.
	“Lean closer and lower your head,” she ordered. He did.
	Now he was close enough to smell her. His nostrils expected to smell honey and sweets, but the girl smelled like decay. He looked up and her hand shot out with a serpent’s speed.
	The girl’s tiny fingers closed around his windpipe with vise like power. She crushed it like a tube of toothpaste. 
	Frank writhed and fought, unwilling to realize so much strength could be in such a tiny body. Lack of air and blood was quickly making his face turn a god-awful shade of purple.
	The girl opened her mouth. Her jaw creaked and cracked, but continued to expand like a snake. Tiny little baby teeth were replaced with rows of razor sharp fangs. The girl closed her mouth over his head and began to swallow him. She had to wiggle a little to get passed his shoulders, but did it with ease. Her strong hands reached down and grabbed his love handles. She used the extra fat as leverage to push the rest of his body into her mouth. 
	Finally the deed was done. The girl looked down at her protruding stomach. She was almost as round as she was tall with Frank inside of her. The girl put her two hands on top her stomach and pushed down, instantly smoothing out the giant lump.
	She left the room and walked down stairs. The hostess stopped her. “Going out this late at night?” the hostess asked.
	“Daddy’s busy, so I’m gonna get an ice cream,” said the girl.
	“Oh, I love ice cream,” said the hostess. “What’s your favorite flavor?”
	She stopped at the door and looked back, “Chocolate, of course.” The little girl flashed a toothy grin and walked outside to the waiting SUV.


Daniel J. Volpe was born in 1985. “Bits of Bone” is his debut novel, but he has written many other short stories and is in the painstaking process of finishing a fantasy novel. He lives in New York.









