Blood Bar

By Razor Blade




Copyright © 2015 by Razor Blade 

All rights reserved. 

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review. 

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Chapter 1
Open Road

Dr. Meyer watched as his young medical assistant bobbed her head up and down around his cock on the passenger seat of her car. It was dark, after work and the two had pulled over again for a late evening blow job far from the prying eyes of anyone from town. She was half his age, worked in his office and was the best sex he’d had in a long time. She always swallowed and that made him feel like some sort of king. If a girl would take his blow all the way down, it was because she looked up to him, he was in control. 
As she moved up and down he felt the orgasm start to swell, he told her he was getting ready to blow and she prepared, waiting for his hot cum to shoot. With a countdown, he let her know he was coming, then blew his wad as his cock throbbed in her mouth. Once he was done, she swallowed, leaned back in her chair and turned away for a moment as if she was looking for something. A second later she produced her cell and pressed a few buttons. He was curious as to what she was doing. 
“Who are you texting?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“A friend,” Jackie replied. 
“What’s so important you have to text right now?” Dr. Meyer asked, he was a bit nervous at Jackie’s timing. Then he noticed the cab of her SUV light up as a car pulled up from behind with its lights on. Once the car stopped behind them, the lights went off and the door opened. 
“What’s going on?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Before Jackie could answer, the back door opened and a dark figure of a man got inside and shut the door. “How’s it going doc?” the man asked. 
“Who the fuck are you?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“I’m Tom, I’m Jackie’s husband, I already know who you are.”
Shocked, Dr. Meyer pulled up his pants, zipped and buttoned them closed. He spun around to see the man sitting behind Jackie but it was too dark to make out his features. 
“Don’t worry doc,” Tom said, “I already know what’s going on, and have been for a while.”
“What’s going on?” Dr. Meyer asked. “This isn’t funny.”
“It’s not supposed to be funny, it’s supposed to be ironic,” Tom said. “My wife’s been blowing you for three months out here. I’m the one who told her to do it.”
Dr. Meyer freaked for a moment, then replied, “Hey, I’m sorry, I made a mistake!”
“Yes, yes you did, and you’re going to pay for it,” Tom said. 
“What do you mean? Pay for it?”
“How much is it worth to you to keep this all a secret? My wife giving you head twice a week out in the boonies and now with a baby on the way?”
“Baby? What the fuck are you talking about? I never fucked her once, ever!” Dr. Meyer yelled. 
“Didn’t have too, she’s been saving your blow since day one.”
“Bullshit! She swallowed every time!”
“Show him Jackie,” Tom said. 
Jacking pulled a plastic baggie out from between her legs, the same bag she spit Dr. Meyer’s blow in a few minutes earlier. In the bag, pooled at the bottom was a half-ounce of Dr. Meyer’s cum shining in the light reflected from the car radio. 
“You’ve been saving that all this time?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Tom spoke up, “Yes, and she brings it home and I put it in her with a three mil syringe. Finally took three weeks ago. You’re going to be a daddy.”
“No fucking way, that would never work,” Dr. Meyer stated. 
“I have the pregnancy test here if you want to see it, I had it run at another clinic, hope you don’t mind.”
“Is this true?” Dr. Meyer asked Jackie. 
“Yes, I’m pregnant,” Jackie replied. “Still bullshit, you can’t prove it’s mine!”
“Not yet, but I have the paternity test lined up already once your kid is born. I also have an envelope with your wife’s name and another addressed to the clinic you work at. I know it’s not mine I haven’t fucked her since we hatched this plan,” Tom said. 
“I suppose you want something from me?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“Yeah, we do. One grand a month, in cash to keep our mouths shut, or if you want, fifty grand and we have the baby aborted. It’s up to you,” Tom said. 
“I don’t have that kind of money,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“You make over a hundred and fifty thousand a year, I think you can spare some for your kid,” Tom said. 
“You don’t think my wife will be suspicious if I take that kind of money out of our account?”
“I don’t give a shit where you get the money from! You can steal it from work if you want, you can sell oxy and give me the profit. Point is, you pay or we make your life hell.”
“I can’t.  I don’t have access to that kind of cash,” Dr. Meyer stated. 
“You have nine months to come up with it, if you chose option A, you’ll have to pay nine grand back pay, but if you want it aborted, plan B, you need five grand before twenty weeks are up,” Tom said. “Plus the cost of the abortion.”
“I’ll tell my wife and my partners before I let you extort me!” Dr. Meyer yelled. 
“You say that now, but once you have a chance to think about it, you’ll change your mind.”
Dr. Meyer looked at Jackie with horror in his eyes. “I can’t believe you set me up! I gave you a job.”
“And I gave you plenty of blow jobs in return. I think we’re even,” Jackie said. 
“I thought we were friends?”
“We are, I don’t hold this against you, and we need the money.”
“There are other ways to get money than to extort your boss,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“I know, I was stealing from the clinic the whole time I worked there,” Jackie said. 
“What is wrong with you?” 
 “Nothing, times are hard, you try to make a living on ten dollars and hour,” Jackie replied. 
“There has to be another way,” Dr. Meyer pleaded. 
From the back seat, Tom replied, “If there is, you tell me.” 
“Let me think about this. Don’t do anything rash until I contact you again,” Dr. Meyer said.
“Like I said, you have twenty weeks to decide, we want the money transferred in five thousand dollar installments so the feds won’t freak on us,” Tom said. 
“I have friends, let me talk to them,” Dr. Meyer said. “I know a guy who buys babies and sells them to adoptive parents who can’t get kids through the regular channels. Maybe I can get him to pay fifty thousand for the kid.”
“That’s fine with me, as long as I get my money. I don’t really want to raise a fucking kid in the first place,” Tom said. 
“Ok, as long as we have an agreement. Don’t do anything until I get back to you.”
“Don’t worry doc, we aren’t going anywhere. Jackie is still your medical assistant. She’ll be with you eight hours a day, getting fatter and fatter just to remind you of your obligations,” Tom said. 
Dr. Meyer shook his head and reached for the door handle. “I knew this was too good to be true,” Dr. Meyer said as he exited the car. With the slam of the door, he walked back to his car and got inside. As Tom and Jackie watched, the doctor started the car and drove around them heading down the gravel road towards town. 
“That went well,” Tom said. 
“I’m scared,” Jackie replied. 
“Why?”
“I don’t think this is going to work like you think it will.”
“You gotta trust me honey,” Tom said. 
“You don’t know if the baby is his, we fucked at least twice in the last month. You couldn’t keep your fucking hands off me.”
“You were on your period, you can’t get pregnant then,” Tom said. 
“You don’t know, I’m sure there’s a way.”
“I’m no gynecologist, but I think we’re safe at that time of the month.”
“I’ve heard of women getting pregnant then.”
“Bullshit, that’s just rumors and old wives tales,” Tom said. 
“Yeah, I guess we’ll find out when the kid comes out won’t we. Won’t it be great if this backfires and we end up in jail?” Jackie asked. 
“Nobody’s going to jail, stop worrying,” Tom said. 
“You just blackmailed a doctor, you don’t think that’s illegal?”
“That the same doctor got his balls drained twice a week for three months by my wife, do you think I give a shit?” Tom asked. 
“It’s all wrong, we never should have done this. Now we’ve involved a child. And you’re willing to put me through an abortion.”
“Everyone gets abortions these days, it’s like the new pill,” Tom said. “It’s thirty minutes in the doctor’s office and you’re clean.”
“You’re so sick and wrong,” Jackie said. 
“If I’m so wrong, why did they put a new abortion clinic in with the tattoo shop and tobacco store?” 
“What are you talking about?” Jackie asked. 
“It’s on the same block as the Blood Bar. You know the tattoo shop that sells tobacco? They put in an abortion clinic, practically self-serve.”
“A self-serve abortion clinic?” Jackie asked with horror in her eyes.
“Yes, they have some sort of machine. You pay a fee, they hook you up and the machine does everything. Kind of like those Lasik places.”
“Do they have doctors? Or do they have some high school kids hook you up?” Jackie asked.
“I don’t have any fucking idea, look it up. Everyone’s doing it these days and it’s in the mall for God’s sake. It’s like going to buy clothes or getting a tattoo.” Tom said. 
“You think getting an abortion is like getting a tattoo?”
“It’s not the exact same thing, but close. Stop worrying, it will be all right.”
Jackie hung her head and shook it slowly from side to side. She was in a bad place and felt like she was doing something horribly wrong. “I sucked his cock for you, and now you’re putting me through this.” 
“It’s for us baby, think of the money,” Tom said. 
“I have to see him every day.”
“You saw him every day after you sucked him off, how did you do that?”
“It was awkward. I never knew how to talk to him knowing what I did.”
“Was he nice?”
“Yes, he’s a good man.”
“And I suppose you feel guilty about making a good man pay for cheating on his wife and helping you cheat on your husband? He’s not as good a man as you make him out to be,” Tom said. 
“I know, but I felt like I made him do it,”
“What? Made him do what? Made you give him head?”
“I don’t think he would have done it if I hadn’t pushed so hard.”
“You texted him a couple naked pictures and offered him a good time. It was up to him to make the decision, you just put it out there.”
“I wish you wouldn’t have made me do that,” Jackie said. 
“You were having a fun time, don’t kid me. I saw how you lit up when he replied to your pictures,” Tom said.
“That was before it went too far,” Jackie said. 
“Yeah, it’s all my fault isn’t it? Well, when we have ten thousand dollars in the bank you can blame me. And when you want to spend it, you can beg me for it because if I’m taking all the blame, you can sure bet I’m getting the pay.”
“But I have to carry the baby, that’s worth something,” Jackie pleaded. 
“You’re a cow, you make babies and milk, and bitch way too much. Shut the fuck up and you’ll be fine.”
“Be fine? I have to face him at work tomorrow, you try doing that.”
“I’d love too, I’d parade around if front of him, rub my belly and point at my wallet. I’d let him know he owes me every time I saw him. Make him treat me like a queen. Don’t fuck this up, you make him pay. Act like nothing’s changed and do what I say when I say it. Got me?” Tom asked. 


Chapter 2
Blood Bar

Tom stood behind the bar watching CNN on the television across the room. He had started his bartending shift at noon and now it was going on three when one of the dancers walked over to the bar wearing only six inch heels and a frown. Her stage name was Krissy and she looked upset. 
“Do you have the schedule?” Krissy asked. 
Tom dug around under the bar and found the schedule, he tossed it on the top and pushed it towards Krissy. “What’s wrong?” Tom asked. 
“I just saw Sandy walk through the door, I didn’t think she worked today.”
“Are you two not getting along again?” Tom asked. 
“I hate that fucking bitch, she walks around here like she owns the place. Everyone here thinks she’s fucking Bob.”
“I don’t know, I try to stay out of the kind of shit,” Tom said. “What does the schedule say?”
Krissy scanned down the sheet and found what she was looking for. “Fuck, someone wrote her name in, and it says she traded shifts with Brenda. Now I have to work with her till close!”
“Calm down, it can’t be that bad,” Tom said. 
“No, it can be. She has a fucking attitude. Sometimes I want to kill that bitch.”
“Don’t say that out loud,” Tom said with a grin. “Just avoid her. We have three stages.”
“I know, but she hangs out at the dj booth when she’s not dancing and looks down at the rest of us like she’s our boss. Just because she’s fucking Bob doesn’t give her the right to act like queen bitch.”
“Did you guys get in a fight or something?” Tom asked. 
“Not exactly, she spouted off about how I needed to work on my pole routine, like I was some sort of amateur or something. I’ve been working the pole for eight years. She didn’t start dancing until last year. “
“She’s jealous, don’t let her get to you,” Tom said. 
“I need this job, I can’t have that bitch running to the boss and telling him I don’t do what I’m supposed too,” Krissy said. 
Tom looked at Krissy’s large ripe breasts and swallowed hard. “You have something she will never have, unless she pays for them,” Tom said with a smile. 
Krissy looked down at her fine D cup breasts and smiled. “Thanks, I appreciate that,” she said. 
“You better get up on stage, your next dance starts in five minutes.”
Krissy looked around the bar and saw one guy playing video poker in the corner. The rest of the bar was empty filled only with the sound of the music playing from the dj booth. “I hate afternoon shifts, I never make any tips.”
“Sorry, that’s the way Bob wants it, if I had my way we wouldn’t open till seven, you think I like watching CNN all day?”
Krissy turned and walked back to the stage. She gave the dj a look and her music started. At this bar the girls didn’t strip, they were nude from the moment they left the dressing room until the bar closed at four a.m. It was a shitty job, standing in heels all day while men rubbed their crotches as they watched the girls dance. But the money was outrageous and any woman with a nice body and a flirty attitude could clean up. 

Tom noticed the front door open and saw a figure he instantly recognized. It was his wife Jackie walking towards the bar, she was visibly upset. He left the spot where he was standing and walked over to greet her. “What’s going on? Why aren’t you at work?” Tom asked. 
“They fired me,” Jackie replied in tears. 
“What?” Who fired you?” Tom asked. He was shocked to hear the news. 
“Dr. Meyer, he got rid of the baby and fired me.”
“How the fuck did he do that?”
Jackie began to sob and looked away from Tom. She was too ashamed to tell him what happened. 
“Tell me Jackie, what did that fucker do to you?”
“He made me have an abortion,” Jackie said. Her voice not much louder than the background music. 
“He made you have an abortion? How can he do that?” Tom asked. He was livid. 
“After lunch, Dr. Meyer said he wanted to do a sonogram and check to see if the baby was healthy.”
“And?”
“He gave me a shot and while I was out he did a D&C on me.”
“What the fuck is a D&C?” Tom asked. 
“He scraped the baby out of me,” Jackie replied. 
“No fucking way, how can he do that? That sounds like something the Nazi’s would do,” Tom said. 
“It’s a common procedure for women who have miscarriages.”
“You didn’t have a miscarriage,” Tom said. 
“I know, but it doesn’t matter now, I’m not pregnant anymore and he fired me.”
“How do you know he did that? Did he tell you?”
“Yes, when I came out of the anesthesia, he told me what he did and that I was fired. He said there was no way to prove that he did anything and that it would be his word against mine.”
“Was there any witnesses? A nurse or another doctor?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know, I was out for the whole thing. When I woke, it was just him and me in the room,” Jackie replied. 
“That mother fucker,” Tom said. “He’s not getting away with this.”
“What are you going to do?” Jackie asked. 
“I don’t know, but I’ll think of something,” Tom said. “I know a few people.”
“You’re not going to hurt him are you?” Jackie asked. 
Tom stood there shaking his head. He knew a few vampires that would gladly to him a favor if he asked. Many of them came to the bar at night for the special that only the Blood Bar offered. 
“Don’t worry about what I’ll do, you need to find another job, we can’t afford to live on what I make alone,” Tom said. 
“I don’t know if I can, I don’t have a nursing license and most places won’t hire a medical assistant anymore,” Jackie said. “What if I applied here?”
“What? As a dancer?”
“Maybe, I could do that in a pinch, till I find something better.”
In a panic, Tom considered what Jackie had said, but then realized that she’d be showing off her naked body to all the gross men that he knew came to this bar. Most of them were perverted, drugged up or were the kinds of scum that crawled out of the alley. “I don’t want you dancing, no man’s going to see you naked but me.”
“But you said the money is good,” Jackie said. 
“It is, but you’re mine, you got me?”
“It’s just a job, I don’t plan to take anyone home and fuck them!”
“You know how many of these girls do extra tricks for tips? And I don’t mean in a hotel, I mean under the tables, in the bathrooms. These guys expect a little extra on the side for the money. Hell, Brenda got an infection last month from some guy fingering her in the back room.”
Frustrated, Jackie shook her head in disgust and backed away from the bar. “I don’t know what to do, unemployment won’t cover shit and I won’t be eligible for eight weeks since I was fired. If you don’t want me dancing, you pick up extra shifts to make up the difference. This was all your fault! You planned to screw over Dr. Meyer in the first place. I went along with what you wanted to do!”
“Keep it down! I don’t want anyone to hear you,” Tom said. He knew Jackie was right and that he was the one ultimately responsible for what happened. “Let me think about this, maybe you could do some dancing, while I’m on the schedule so I can keep an eye on you.”
“That’s fine with me, you talk to Bob and let me know.”
“He’ll want you to audition,” Tom said. 
“That’s fine.”
“He usually fucks every girl he approves before they ever hit the stage, I’ll have to let him know you’re off limits.”
“He knows you, do you think he’d try to fuck me?” Jackie asked. 
“He tries to fuck anything with tits. Trust me, I’ll have to talk to him.”
Then a male voice spoke up from the doorway by the bar, it was Bob. “Talk to me about what?” Bob asked. 
Tom smiled and stepped over to Bob’s office door. He hoped Bob didn’t hear the comment about Bob fucking anything with tits. “My wife wants to apply for a dancing job,” Tom said. 
“Really? Have you ever worked as a dancer before?” Tom asked Jackie. 
“No, but it can’t be that hard,” Jackie replied. 
“Take off your clothes,” Bob said. He was to the point. 
“Right now?” Jackie asked. 
“You can’t be shy in this business, now take them off, Bob said. Bob was an old guy, in his seventies who had owned several strip bars in his lifetime. He knew his business and didn't put up with anyone who didn’t play the way he wanted. 
Jackie hesitantly slipped off her shirt, then bra, shoes, slacks and panties until she was nude standing next to the bar. Bob looked her up and down like a man buying a slave. He seemed as if he was going to check her teeth and make her call him master. 
“Raise your arms,” Bob said and Jackie complied. “Turn around and bend over,” Bob added and Jackie did as he said. 
Tom was a bit disturbed at what Bob was making his wife do and spoke up, “What does this have to do with dancing?”
“Nothing,” Bob replied. “The men that come in here don’t come to see women dance, they come to see pussy, and I need to see hers. The first thing she needs to do is shave that nasty twat. Nobody these days wants to see that. Other than that, I’ll give her a shot. She’ll need some training, but I can have Krissy show her what to do.”
“Can I get dressed?” Jackie asked. 
“Yeah, when can you start?” Bob asked. 
Jackie looked at Tom to see what he’d say. 
“Tonight,” Tom said and Jackie shook her head in agreement. 
“Let’s make it tomorrow, I want you to get that waxed first, and you’ll need some heels. What size shoe do you wear?” Bob asked. 
“Eight,” Jackie replied. 
“Ever walk in six inch heels?”
“No.”
“Girls say it hurts like hell, I have some in my office you can borrow and practice in,” Bob said leading Jackie along. Once in his office, Jackie saw Bob’s clean, clutter free desk and was impressed. She was sure it would be a mess of papers. On the walls were neatly framed pictures of nude girl’s pole dancing. 
“Who are these girls?” Jackie asked. 
“Oh, different girls I’ve hired over the years. They come and go so fast so I like to take pictures of the ones that stand out.”
Jackie stepped over and looked the pictures, picking out one that stood out from the rest. She was tall and had long black hair. She reminded herself of Bettie Page, only the picture was taken in the eighties and her costume looked dated. “Are you married?” Jackie asked Bob. 
“I’m a widower, have been for fifteen years,” Bob replied. “Why do you ask?”
“Just curious what your wife would have thought about you being around all these sexy girls all day.”
“She hated it, but loved the money,” Bob replied handing Jackie a pair of black heels. “Take these home and try them out. I want to see you tomorrow at noon so Krissy can get you trained. This isn’t an easy job, and it burns a lot of girls out fast. But if you’re nice to the men who come here, you’ll leave with a lot of cash. Most times it’s not how you look that gets you paid, it’s how you act towards you customers. Don’t take shit from them, just their money.” 

Chapter 3
Training day

Tom felt his cell buzz and checked it for a message. He read the screen and looked over to his wife who was humping the side stage for one customer who seemed more interested in the television mounted on the wall. It was Jackie’s training day and she had been up three times doing her nude pole routine that Krissy taught her. She was terrible at it but was giving it her best. The message was important so Tom left the bar and walked over to the stage to talk to his wife. 
“How many songs do you have left?” Tom asked. 
Jackie looked at Tom like she was annoyed. She was trying to work and didn’t need her husband bothering her. “This is the last in the set,” Jackie replied. 
“When you’re done, meet me at the bar,” Tom said. Once he finished talking to Jackie, Tom walked to the office and asked Bob if he’d watch the bar for a while. Tom had something important to do and Bob had no problem filling in for an hour. 

The last song of the set finished and Jackie walked over to the bar to meet her husband. “What’s so important?” Jackie asked. 
“Follow me,” Tom said, “And leave your shoes here.”
Jackie kicked off her heels and followed Tom through a door that led to a set of stairs to the basement. The stairway was poorly lit and the steps were a mess of torn carpet. 
“Watch your step,” Tom said. “Use the hand rail.”
Tom led Jackie down the steps and into a hall that led to a closed door. The entire basement was a mess of crumbling plaster and stored garbage that looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in years. Dark and musty, and difficult to see with the few sixty watt light bulbs that hung from the ceiling. 
Once at the door, Tom opened it and led Jackie inside. Standing in the corner of the room was Dr. Meyer flanked on each side by two men that looked like members of a biker gang. Each wearing leathers, wearing dark glasses and hair that hung past their shoulders.
“What’s going on?” Jackie asked. 
“We got a present for you,” Tom replied. 
“How did you get him?”
“Doesn’t matter, point is he’s here and he’s going to make it up for what he did to you.”
“Tom, I don’t like this,” Jackie said. 
“You didn’t like sucking his dick either, but we’re past that now. He has to pay. Nobody fucks with my wife and takes a baby out like he did.”
“What are you going to do with him?” Jackie asked. 
Tom stepped over closer to the doctor and motioned for him to sit down in one of the three wooden chairs that were in the room. Dr. Meyer hesitantly stepped away from the wall and took a seat. Tom pulled up a chair, faced it towards the doctor and sat down. “Hello Dr. Meyer,” Tom said. 
“I have a wife and three kids,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“That’s wonderful, how are your wife and three kids?”
“What are you going to do to me?”
“That depends on how this conversation turns out,” Tom replied. “You did drug my wife and perform an illegal abortion on her. How do you think that makes me feel?”
“And you tried to blackmail me,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“You were getting regular blow jobs from my wife.”
Dr. Meyer stopped talking when he heard that. 
“I said you were getting regular blow jobs from my wife. What do you think your precious wife and kids would have thought about that?”
“I made a mistake,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Yes you did, and you had the option to pay for it, but you decided to fuck me over instead. We had an agreement.”
“Agreement? You were going to bleed me dry!”
“That’s called payback. My wife only sucks my dick. You took that from me.”
“You told her to do it!” Dr. Meyer shouted. “This was all your plan to extort money from me! You didn’t care what she was doing as long as you got paid!”
“Touché doc,” Tom replied. “But it’s the principle that matters. You got yours, and now I want mine.”
“If you’re planning to kill me, get it over with. Either way I’m a dead man. If my wife knew what I was doing, my life would be finished. It’s probably better this way anyway,” Dr. Meyer said. 
Tom leaned back in his chair realizing that his bargaining position was declining quickly. If the doctor had no reason to live, he had no leverage. “Do you know what this bar is famous for?” Tom asked. 
“Why would I care about this bar?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“You will care in a minute,” Tom replied. “This bar is the first bar and the only bar in the state to serve real human blood. Remember when the state passed the law allowing the licensing of Blood Bars for vampires?” Tom asked. “They based it on the marijuana shops in Colorado.”
“Yeah, I guess I heard something about that. Are your goons vampires?”
“Yes, both of them are. This is Rick and that’s Tony, friends of mine,” Tom replied. 
“What does that have to do with me?”
“Do you know how we get our blood supply?”
“No, and I bet you’re going to tell me,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Yes I am. We buy our blood from a national supplier. They pay thirty dollars a pint to donors and we buy it from them for double that. Then we turn around and double that and sell it for one hundred and twenty dollars and pint, served in a frosty mug.”
“I don’t see where this is going.”
“You will. See, Jackie was stealing from your clinic all while working there. She stole all sorts of medical supplies including IV needles, tubing and kits. I think I have twenty sets.”
“That explains why central supply was always complaining,” Dr. Meyer said. “They thought there was a thief but couldn’t prove it.”
“Yeah, we were planning to cut out the middleman and make our own supply. Problem is that blood products are heavily regulated by the government so we would have to do it down here in the dark and find our own donors.”
“What are you going to do when you run out of stolen IV supplies?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“I can get more, don’t worry about that. I’d worry about what we have in mind for you.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let me ask you a question doctor, how many pints of blood does the human body have? You should know this, I do,” Tom asked. 
“Eight to ten pints I think,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Close enough, and how long does it take to regenerate a pint once it’s removed from the body?”
“I don’t know,” Dr. Meyer replied.
“Really? I thought that would be an easy one. It’s three to six weeks on average,” Tom replied. 
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Because you just became our first supplier,” Tom replied. 
“What?”
“We’re going to drain you each month and keep you here. Sell your blood and make you pay for what you did.”
“That’s insane. The cost of keeping me here would be far more than any profit you made from selling my blood,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“This is more than economics, this is payback for what you did to my wife.”
“So this is punishment,” Dr. Meyer stated. His tone was flat and his eyes were piercing. 
“Yeah, it is,” Tom replied. 
“What did I ever do to you to deserve this? Why did you pick me?” 
“You were the first doctor to reply to Jackie’s texts. She was sending naked pictures to every doctor in your office. You took the bait.” Tom replied. “If you weren’t a cheating bastard, this never would have happened.”
“That’s bullshit, someone would have talked. I would have known about it.”
“Evidently not,” Tom said with a grin. “Actually Dr. Page did take an interest, but she backed out. She almost sent a few nudes of herself. That would have been enough to blackmail her.”
“Dr. Page is a lesbian?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“She claims to be bi, so I guess so, point is, you’re fucked now,” Tom replied. 
“There must be something we can do, an agreement.”
“No, we tried that,” Tom replied. 
“I’ll get you money,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“I don’t think you will.”
“I’ll call my wife right now and tell her to send it to whatever account you want.”
“And then she calls the police, no, that option is off the table,” Tom replied. “But I do agree with one thing you said, keeping you alive will probably be more of a hassle than it’s worth. I did have a backup plan in case that didn’t pan out.”
“What is that?”
Tom looked over to the vampire on his right. It was Tony and he was standing guard with his arms folded. “Did you bring the stuff I asked for?”
Tony nodded his head and walked to the far side of the room where he picked up a plastic bag filled with something bulky. He brought it over to Tom and handed it to him. “Is there an outlet in here?” Tom asked. 
Tony pointed to an outlet behind him. 
“What’s that?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Tom addressed his wife, “Jackie, in the other room across the hall is the IV supplies, can you go get a set out of the box?” Tom asked. 
Jackie left the room and Tom pulled a drill out of the bag along with a short extension cord. He looked in the bag and pulled out some long screws and some washers. “Ok guys, I need some help here, I need you to lift him up to the rafters.”
Tony and Rick approached Dr. Meyer and grabbed him. Dr. Meyer resisted but had no chance against the two strong vampires. Together, Tony and Rick lifted Dr. Meyer up as Tom plugged in the drill and placed in a screw driver bit. Pressing the power button, Tom made sure the drill was working and pulled up a chair so he could get up closer to the rafters. “Pull his arm over here,” Tom said pointing to a spot on the rafter with the drill. 
Tony pulled Dr. Meyer’s arm over and Tom placed a screw through a wide washer and put the tip on Dr. Meyer’s wrist between the radius and ulna bones. He then put the tip of the drill bit in the screw and pressed the power button on the drill sending the screw through Dr. Meyer’s wrist into the wood of the rafters. Once the screw hit the wood, it dug in quick and cinched up the washer forcing Dr. Meyer’s wrist to the wood beam tight. 
Tom handed off the drill and another screw and washer to Rick who had Dr. Meyer’s other arm pulled tight. Tony did the same as Tom and screwed Dr. Meyer’s other wrist to the wood beam until it was forced tight against the wood. Once both wrists were screwed down, the three let Dr. Meyer hang from the ceiling joist with his ankles two feet off the ground. It was a Jesus Christ pose if they ever saw one. 
To their surprise, Dr. Meyer made little noise and the wounds didn’t bleed as much as they thought they would. Tom was also surprised at how well the screw and washer set up worked. Dr. Meyer was pinned down and had no way to pull himself free. 
Jackie entered the room and saw Dr. Meyer hanging from the wood beams above. She was shocked and wondered what the drill sounds were all about. “Holy shit!” Jackie said. “That’s fucked up!”
“Can you start some IV’s in his feet? I want to drain his blood,” Tom asked. 
“Drain it into what?” Jackie asked. 
“I sterilized a few four liter wine bottles. I can keep the blood in the fridge for a week or so.”

Chapter 4
Friday night

It was three in the afternoon when Jackie entered the locker room to get ready for her first solo shift. No longer did she have someone training her and tonight, like every weekend the bar would be packed with horny men looking to pay a few dollars for an extra show off the stage or a lap dance. As she entered the locker room, she noticed Sandy sitting on a bench fully nude putting on her white and pink heels strapping them up around her ankles. This was the woman everyone warned her about. 
“Hi,” Jackie said, trying to fake a smile. 
Sandy looked up and saw Jackie set down her bag on the bench. “This is your first night, right?” Sandy asked. 
“Yeah, I’m a little nervous, but I think I got the routine down,” Jackie replied. She opened her locker and began to undress. 
“You need to check the schedule, I put you on the side stage for tonight.”
“What?” Jackie asked. She was shocked to hear that she wouldn’t be on the main stage, like she had done something wrong. “Why am I on the side stage?”
“I don’t think you’re ready for the main stage yet, you do some weird shit,” Sandy replied. 
“What weird shit?”
“You don’t know how to walk in the heels, your pole routine looks amateur and you really need to lose forty pounds if you’re going to dance,” Sandy replied. 
“Who made you the boss?” Jackie asked. 
“Bob lets me make the decisions when it comes to the dancers, he’s too busy taking care of the rest of the bar.”
“Nobody told me you were in charge of anything. As far as I know, you’re just a dancer like the rest of us.”
Sandy finished up lacing her heels and stood up. She walked to the full length mirror and did a few poses to see what she looked like. Her make-up and hair were perfect and she was ready to get on stage and make a lot of money. “Do as I say and you’ll get on the main stage one day, argue with me and you’ll be out of here, do you understand me?” Sandy asked. 
“I’ll talk to Bob myself,” Jackie replied. 
“Don’t bother, he listens to me. Not some fat girl that walked in off the street last week.”
Jackie threw her clothes in the locker and pulled a pair of heels out of her bag. She put her bag in the locker and locked it. “I’m still talking to Bob, the girls told me about you.”
“Really? What did they say?”
“They said you’re a cunt, and that you think you run this place,” Jackie replied. 
“Maybe I am, and yes I do, if you don’t like it, you can go make sandwiches across the street. I hear they pay ten dollars an hour,” Sandy replied. 
“This is bullshit, I’m going to Bob,” Jackie said as she stormed out of the locker room. Once out in the main bar, Jackie headed towards Bobs office and looked inside to see if he was there. Sitting behind the desk, Bob was looking at his computer screen lost in a daze. “Bob, can I talk to you a second?” Jackie asked. 
Bob looked up at Jackie and replied, “Sure, come on in.”
Jackie stepped into the office notably pissed. “Sandy put me on the side stage tonight, can she do that?”
Bob thought for a moment and leaned back in his chair. “I didn’t know she did that.”
“She did, is she allowed to change the schedule?” Jackie asked. 
“Normally the schedule is only changed if someone is sick, I don’t know what’s going on. What did she tell you why she changed it?”
Then from the doorway Sandy spoke up. “She isn’t ready for the main stage yet, and she’s too fat,” Sandy replied. 
Jackie snapped back. “Who the fuck are you to tell me I’m too fat? You’re as ugly as a cow and you get the main stage!” 
Bob interrupted, “Now girls, no yelling in my office,” Bob said as calm as he could. 
Jackie replied, “I did my training, I know what I’m doing.”
Then Sandy said, “You’re pole routine looks like some housewife doing a home workout. You don’t have the talent, you look stupid.”
Jackie was now on the verge of tears and her face was flushed red with anger. “I hate you!” Jackie yelled. “You fucking bitch! No wonder everyone here hates your guts!”
Bob stood up and walked around his desk. “I’ll make sure you get on the main stage tonight, ok?” he asked Jackie. 
Upset, Sandy replied, “What are you doing? She can’t go on the main stage. The customers will hate her. They’ll call her the new fat chick.”
“She doesn’t look fat to me,” Bob replied. “And I’ve been running this place thirty years.” 
“I’m just saying...”
“I own this place, now I’ll look at the schedule and make the changes, ok? Now you two need to get to work,” Bob said. 
Jackie walked around Sandy with a smirk on her face. She knew she got the bitch and reveled in the moment. She didn’t think Sandy may one day try to get back and her, she was too busy getting her revenge. 
Back in the main part of the bar Jackie saw Tom standing behind the by the register. He waved her over with a serious look on his face. 
“What’s wrong?” Jackie asked. She wasn’t a tall girl and her nipples were about as high as the edge of the bar. 
“I got more numbers for you,” Tom replied. 
“Numbers for what?”
“You need to start sending out more pictures,” Tom replied. 
“I’m not doing that again.”
“Yes you are, take these numbers and send some pictures out,” Tom said holding out a slip of paper with phone numbers written on them. 
“Who are these guys?”
“I got them from some friends, just do what I say.”
“You don’t even know who they are?” Jackie asked. 
“It doesn’t matter, we need to get some more guys on the hook.”
“The last time we tried that it didn’t end well, what did you do with Dr. Meyer anyway?” Jackie asked. 
“Not so loud, there are people in here,” Tom snapped. “We tossed his body in the river two nights ago.”
“Great, he may have been a lying cheating fuck, but he was a doctor, he had a family and now he’s dead because you couldn’t make your plan work,” Jackie whispered. 
“Don’t worry about that, you need to send out more pictures and get someone to reply. Get some guys on the hook so I can make some money,” Tom said. 
“What’s your obsession with money? I’ll make decent money once I get started. I bet I’ll pull in five hundred tonight alone. We don’t need to extort anyone anymore,” Jackie said. 
“We can pull in a thousand a week if we do this right, and the more guys we hook, the more money comes in. You can quit this job and stay at home like you should.”
“This was your idea, not mine,” Jackie said. 
“No, it was your idea, I remember you asking me about applying.” Tom replied. 
Jackie remembered Tom was right and that it was her idea. She shook her head and took the note looking at the numbers listed. “There are way too many numbers here,” Jackie said. “You can’t expect me to send pictures to all these guys. And what if they ask me who I am and how I got their number?”
“Lie, make up a story,” Tom replied. 
“Lie how? Oh, I found your number on a bathroom wall and I thought you’d like to see me with my finger in my pussy?” Jackie asked. 
“Most of those guys won’t reply, it’s the horny ones that will. Those are the ones I want. They don’t care how you got their number, just that you sent pictures of you pussy with your legs spread and a smile on your face,” Tom said. 
“Fine, I’ll do it next week,” Jackie said. 
“No, you’ll do it tonight on your break. If you wait you’ll forget. I went to a lot of trouble to get those numbers.”
“How hard is it to get phone numbers? Don’t act like you’re working so hard, it’s my face they will see, not yours. And are there anyone here I should know about? Did you check to see if any of these guys are cops?”
“It’s not illegal to send naked pictures to cops, not unless you’re under age and your twenty six,” Tom said. 
“When this is all done, I’m going to nursing school. I can’t do all this sex stuff all my life.”
“Yeah, you got about five years before you get too old for this,” Tom said. 
“What does that mean?” Jackie asked. 
“Nobody wants to see a thirty year old woman and her saggy tits on stage,” Tom replied. 
“You’ve been bartending here two years and that makes you an expert on what men want to see?”
“Yeah, pretty much,” Tom replied. “Bob’s never hired a dancer over thirty that I know of, and honestly, I don’t think I’ve ever seen one that old come in looking for a job.”
Jackie handed the slip of paper back to Tom. “I don’t have any place to keep this, you hold on to it until my break.” Jackie bent over and slipped on her heels when she noticed Bob come over with the schedule. 
“Can you come to my office for a second?” Bob asked. 
Jackie looked at Bob and noticed he had a much more serious look on his face. “Sure, is something wrong?” Jackie asked. 
“Just come to my office,” Bob replied and walked away. 
Tom looked at Jackie with a more concerned look on his face, “What’s this all about?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know,” Jackie replied. She stepped away from the bar and headed into Bob’s office. Once inside she saw Bob sitting behind his desk motioning for her to close the door. She closed the door and stepped up to his desk. 
“I’m not sure this is going to work out,” Bob said. 
“What? What did I do?” Jackie asked. 
“I had a talk with Sandy and she had some good points, I think maybe this bar isn’t the right place for you.”
“A minute ago you were perfectly fine with me dancing on the main stage and now you’re firing me?” Jackie asked. 
“You have to understand something,” Bob said. “Sandy just sucked my dick, and when one of my girls does that, she tends to get her way.”
“Oh my God! You’re firing me because that bitch gave you a blow job?” Jackie asked. She was livid. 
“I can get dancers, that’s not a problem. There are lots of girls looking for work that will take off their clothes and dance for money. They come and go like you wouldn’t believe. So you’re in no position to bargain with me. I have no choice, I have to let you go,” Bob said. 
“You have to give me a chance!” Jackie barked back. 
“Unless you give a better blow job, you can’t work here,” Bob said. 
Not knowing what to say, Jackie took a step back towards the door and looked away towards the ground. She began to shake and her throat was dry. She felt a panic attack come on and began to pant breathing uncontrollably. 
“If you don’t mind, I’d like the heels back,” Bob said. 
Beyond angry, Jackie was ready to take the heels and throw them at Bob, and dig his eyes out with the spikes. She took a moment to calm herself and raised her hand to gain focus. “Let me have one night, just one night, I’ll take the fucking side stage. I need the money and I can’t afford to lose this job.”
“Sandy wants you gone,” Bob replied. 
“Why does she have so much power over you?” Jackie asked. 
“She walked out of my office with a mouth full of my blow. That’s power.”
“If that’s what it takes, I’ll blow you too,” Jackie said. 
Bob took a long moment to think over what Jackie offered. He knew Sandy wouldn’t like it, but the thought of the new girl going down on him turned him on, and like he said, he could replace Sandy just as easily as Jackie. “I want you back in my office by ten, be ready to suck me off, and I expect a good one.”
 
Chapter 5
Dr. Page

Jackie heard her phone vibrate and picked it up. She saw she had a text from Dr. Page and checked to see what she had sent. To her shock and surprise, it was two pictures of Dr. Page fully nude standing in a mirror looking at her phone. It was a selfie she took in her bathroom with a grin on her face and nothing else. “What the fuck?” Jackie said under her breath. She was surprised at how hot Dr. Page actually looked nude and for a moment was aroused. 
“What are you looking at?” Tom asked. He was sitting at the table eating breakfast. 
“You won’t believe this, Dr. Page just sent me two naked pictures of herself,” Jackie replied. 
“Let me see that,” Tom said holding out his hand. 
Jackie handed the phone to Tom and he scanned over the two pictures. “I’d fuck her,” Tom said. 
“I’m sure you would,” Jackie replied. “Give me back my phone.”
Tom handed Jackie the phone and looked at the pictures again. “What should I do, she didn’t say anything.”
“I’m sure she didn’t, she probably wants to see how you’d react.”
“How should I react?” Jackie asked. 
“Tell her she looks fucking hot,” Tom said. 
“Why?”
“Why? So we can get another doctor on the line. Just type it in,” Tom snapped back. 
“I hate doing this,” Jackie said as she typed in what Tom told her to say.” A few moments later a return text popped up. Jackie read it and smiled. 
“What did she say?” Tom asked. 
“She says that she wanted to hook up with me but was afraid because I worked at the clinic, but now that I don’t work there anymore she thinks its fine,” Jackie replied. 
“Does she know you’re married?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, but I told her you didn’t care because I was bi,” Jackie replied. 
“Tell her you want to hook up.”
Jackie looked at Tom and shook her head. “I’m not really bi, I just told her that because you told me too.”
“Tell her anyway.”
“I’m not having sex with a woman,” Jackie said. 
“For a thousand a month you will,” Tom said. “Now tell her you want to hook up!”
Jackie hesitated and typed in what Tom said. She waited for a reply. It took several minutes but finally Dr. Page replied. “She says when and where?”
“Tell her your place, Wednesday night,” Tom replied. 
“Why Wednesday?”
“I’m off Wednesday,” Tom replied. 
“Why does it matter if you’re off or not?” Jackie asked. 
“I have that nanny cam I bought for when we were going to record Dr. Meyer. I want to set it up in the bedroom and record you fucking her,” Tom replied. 
“You bought a nanny cam?” Jackie asked. 
“Yes, and I also bought a night vision system for the car. I was going to record you blowing Dr. Meyer but I didn’t get it installed in time. I’m going to get both put in right away,” Tom replied. 
“What are you going to do with the recordings?” Jackie asked. 
“Blackmail, what do you think?”
“She’s not married.”
“Doesn’t matter, I’m sure she doesn’t want a video of her munching on my wife spread all over the internet, she’ll pay,” Tom said. 
“Where do you get these ideas?”
“Tell her Wednesday.”
Jackie typed in the message and hit send. “I’ve never had sex with a woman and I have no interest in having sex with a woman. How do you expect me to do this?”
“It’s acting, you’re playing a role. Just pretend like you love it for a few hours and you’re done,” Tom replied. 
The phone vibrated and Dr. Page’s text popped up. “She says Wednesday will be fine, she wants to know what she should wear.”
“Tell her something sexy, tell her you really want to fuck her,” Tom said. 
“Isn’t that a bit much for the first time? She’s not a man.”
“You want me to do the texting? I can get her wet and ready to go in ten minutes, you have to know how to talk to a woman.”
“Fine,” Jackie said handing the phone to Tom. “Don’t promise anything I can’t deliver.”
“I’m not going to have dwarves or animals,” Tom said. “All you have to do is make out with her, eat her out, let her do the same and make sure you can see her face in the camera,” Tom said. 
“Do you know how disgusting it is to eat out a chick?” Jackie asked. 
“I eat you out all the time,” Tom replied. 
“Let me rephrase that, do you know how disgusting it would be for me to eat out a chick?” Jackie asked. “Would you give a guy a blow job for a thousand a month?”
“Fuck no, but you women seem to like to do each other,” Tom replied. 
“Those women do that to impress men, they know what you guys like, and they don’t really like fucking other women.”
“Looks real to me, I know of a few dancers that are bi and love it.”
“Maybe so, but that’s not me.”
“You’re going to do this, do you understand me? We need the money,” Tom said. 
“I made three hundred and fifty dollars last night,” Jackie said. “Why do you think we need so much money? I pull that much in every night.”
“I don’t want you dancing for one thing, this is something to get us by, and I really don’t like bartending all that much either. I’d like to get into real estate and start flipping houses. That takes money to invest, money we don’t have,” Tom said. 
“Fine, you set it up and I’ll do it, but you owe me,” Jackie said. 

Wednesday night Tom had the micro camera set up in the bedroom and adjusted the lighting so he could get a good picture. He told Jackie to turn off the main bedroom light but leave the lamp on so he could get the video. Sitting in the basement, Tom monitored the computer screen ready to click the record button as soon as the two women stripped and got on the bed. He heard the doorbell and knew Dr. Page had arrived and waited for Jackie to take her upstairs. He was hoping Jackie wouldn’t blow it and ruin his plan, he couldn’t direct her from the basement and had to let her do her best.
Upstairs Jackie greeted Dr. Page at the door. She was dressed in a short skirt with a white button up shirt and heels. Just like Tom asked her to wear. 
“Hi, how are you?” Jackie asked. She didn’t know Dr. Page all that well as she was Dr. Meyer’s nurse, but had a few conversations with her over the last year at the clinic. 
“I’m fine,” Dr. Page replied stepping into the living room. “I hope you don’t think this is too weird.” Dr. Page said. “I always thought you were very attractive, and when you sent me those pictures, it really turned me on. I didn’t know you were bi sexual.”
“I’ve always been curious, I’ve never actually had sex with another woman before,” Jackie replied. 
“Then this should be fun, and interesting, I can show you.”
“That’s great, how much time do you have?” Jackie asked. 
“I have till ten, I have to be at the office tomorrow so I can’t stay over. Where is your husband?” Dr. Page asked. 
Nervous, Jackie replied, “He’s at the bar working, he won’t be home until two.” The lie made her feel uncomfortable, but she was sure Dr. Page bought it. 
“I was thinking that maybe we should go to a hotel,” Dr. Page said. “I don’t want your husband upset if we use your bedroom.”
“No, he’s fine with it, as long as I’m not with another man he has no problem,” Jackie replied. 
“Ok, let’s see your bedroom,” Dr. Page said. 
Jackie smiled and led Dr. Page up the stairs to the hallway. The two walked past the unused bedroom and past the bathroom to the main bedroom and opened the door. She led the doctor inside and presented her to the cleanest the room had been in a year. She made it up special just for tonight. 
“Do you have a full shower?” Dr. Page asked. “Or is it a tub shower?”
“It’s a tub shower,” Jackie replied. She was curious as to why Dr. Page asked. 
“That’s too bad, I love getting it on in the shower, but those are way too small. Are you ready?” Dr. Page asked. 
In the basement, Tom watched Dr. Page undress and set her clothes on the dresser. He also watched Jackie as she nervously undid her top and slid down her jeans. He was hoping she wouldn’t fuck this up for him. 
On the monitor, Tom saw Dr. Page move in on Jackie so he clicked the record button as Dr. Page put her hands around his wife’s naked body and moved in for a kiss. He was surprised at how aggressive Dr. Page was as she pushed Jackie back onto the bed and laid down on top of her. His view was perfect seeing all the action and getting a great view of Dr. Page’s face. Then he noticed Dr. Page look at the lamp and mouth some words. The system he bought had no audio so he couldn’t hear what the doctor was saying, but he was pretty sure she wanted to turn off the lamp. 
“Fuck,” Tom said aloud. If she turned off the light, the video would be ruined. He didn’t think he had enough to blackmail her with yet. Then he saw Jackie speak and Dr. Page seemed to change her mind. To his relief, Tom leaned back in his chair and watched the women change position from sideways to the long way on the bed. 
It didn’t take long for Dr. Page to go from kissing Jackie to sucking and fondling her breasts. Jackie actually seemed to enjoy what the doctor was doing and let her have her way with her. Tom rubbed his crotch as he was now fully aroused watching his wife and another woman go at it. 
It didn’t take long before Dr. Page was fully down between Jackie’s legs fingering her and licking her pussy. Tom couldn’t see her face, but that didn’t matter, he now had plenty of video and would be able to take the doctor for whatever he wanted. He now needed to decide if he wanted to confront the doctor tonight or render the video and present it to her on a tablet at work. Both would evoke a reaction, but he wanted to make sure she would pay. But then to show her the video at work would mean he’d need to make an appointment to see her. 
On the bed, Jackie placed her right hand on the doctor’s head and pushed down. She liked the way Dr. Page’s tongue felt on her clit and she was sure she would have an orgasm soon. Then the doctor looked up and asked, “Is it my turn yet?”
Jackie knew what that meant and was dreading returning the favor. She didn’t think women were clean down there as a general rule, but she didn’t want to disappoint Tom and screw up the video so she replied, “Sure.”
Dr. Page got up on her knees and scooted forward until she hovered her pussy over Jackie’s face and then pressed down. She waited to feel Jackie’s tongue in her and moaned with pleasure when she felt it tickle her clit. “That’s perfect,” Dr. Page said. “You’re doing it right.”
For a few moments, Dr. Page made circles on Jackie’s face pressing down as she did. Jackie felt smothered and moved around so she could breathe but was pleasantly surprised at how Dr. Page tasted. The doctor was very wet, but didn’t smell or taste bad. And her recently waxed pussy felt good on her cheeks. 
“Now we can do it together,” Dr. Page said. She lifted a leg and spun around so the two women could eat each other out at the same time. Seeing Dr. Pages’ pussy come at her from the back side was something Jackie never thought she’d see, but she embraced it when it backed to her lips and she ate it willingly. 
Downstairs Tom was busy doing his business into a cup ready to blow, shocked at how well his plan was going. He had more video than he needed and was getting off on his wife and the soon to be extorted Dr. Page. Then he saw Dr. Page lookup and look right into the camera. He wasn’t sure if she saw it, or if she was just looking in that direction, but it freaked him out for a second. Then he saw her rise up on all fours and get off the bed. She walked over to the dresser where the camera was hidden under some towels and her face filled his screen. He knew she had seen the camera now. Then her hand moved into the picture and the whole scene jerked as she picked up the camera and held it in her hand.

Chapter 6
Expired on

Wednesday was usually a slow night at the Blood Bar and tonight was no exception, but tonight did bring some new customers who had traveled from a different state to try out the new legal blood drink. Seems the new law was attracting vampires from all over and this didn’t please the out of state law enforcement one bit where the blood was still considered illegal. Tonight two male vampires entered the club, both looked like they stepped out of an eighties metal band complete with the hair and clothes. They walked up to the counter and took seats on the stools checking out the live nude entertainment. 
Tonight was Jeff’s night to work the bar and watched the two vampires as they settled in. Jeff approached the men and asked, “What can I get for you?”
“Do female vampires ever come in here to get the blood drink? I mean, this place seems to be set up for men,” one of the vampires asked. His name was Crank, at least that’s what was scribbled on his jean vest. 
“We do get females in here, not a lot,” Jeff replied. 
“I don’t get it, why the combination strippers and Blood Bar? Where did the strippers come from?”
“This was a live nude bar before it ever went to selling blood. Once the law was passed, the owner applied for a license to sell. It was a coincidence.”
“Nobody else wanted to sell blood?” Crank asked. 
“The regulations are pretty complex, and the way it is set up, you have to have had an existing bar to start so new sellers were locked out.”
“I read about that, the blood has to be inspected, processed to eliminate any drugs from the system and then checked for diseases. I hear it tastes like tomato juice when they get done with it,” Crank said with a grin.
“I don’t know, nobody’s complained yet,” Jeff said. 
“How much do you sell? I mean it’s expensive as shit.”
“Not a lot, we keep about three pints in the cooler because we can only keep it forty eight hours. Then we have to throw it out. And throwing it out requires all sorts of paperwork.”
“I’m surprised it’s not twenty four hours, that shit goes bad fast,” Crank said. “I drove three hundred miles, I hope you have some.”
“I’ll have to look, we keep it is a special locked cooler. Part of the regs,” Jeff said. 
“What’s a pint sell for?”
“One twenty,” Jeff replied. 
“Jesus Christ that’s outrageous,” Crank said. 
“It’s the only legal way to get it,” Jeff said. 
“Trust me, I know,” Crank replied. 
Jeff turned and stepped into the back room to check the cooler containing the blood drink. He pulled his key, unlocked the door and to his shock noticed that all the pre filled pint containers were gone. All that was in the cooler was a wine bottle filled with blood with a label taped to the side with the word “Meyer” on it in black letters. No date, nothing else. Not knowing what was going on, Jeff assumed the pints were poured into the wine bottle and that’s where he was supposed to get it. Bob was gone for the night and he was the only bar employee there so he had no one to ask.
Satisfied he was doing the right thing, Jeff grabbed a cold frosty glass from the freezer and poured the blood from the wine bottle into the glass until it was full. He put the wine bottle back in the fridge, locked it and walked back out to the bar where he set it down in front of the Crank. “That will be one hundred and twenty dollars,” Jeff said. 
Crank pulled his wallet and fished out the cash. He handed it to Jeff and slid his frosty glass close examining the contents. His nose curled and he backed off a bit. “Is it supposed to smell like that?” Crank asked. 
“What do you mean?” Jeff asked. 
“I’m sure they put preservatives in this, is that what I’m smelling?” Crank asked. 
Jeff leaned in took a sniff of the drink. “I don’t smell anything.”
“I have a nose like a bloodhound, there is something different about this.”
“What’s it supposed to smell like?” Jeff asked. 
Crank didn’t want to admit that he drank blood illegally so he decided to play it down. “I’m sure it’s nothing,” Crank said. “It’ll be fine,” Crank added with a smile. 
Jeff watched as Crank put the mug to his lips and took a sip. Almost immediately Crank spit out the blood, stepped off the stool and away from the bar. “Holy fuck that tastes like shit!” Crank yelled. He wiped his mouth and spat until the blood was gone from his mouth. “I don’t know what you got there, but it’s rancid!”
“Rancid?” Jeff asked. 
“Like old grease.”
“I’m sorry, I had no idea.”
“You better get that shit checked,” Crank said. He could have been an asshole about the whole thing but was actually understanding. 
“Let me give you your money back,” Jeff said as he turned to the cash register. Once he pulled the one twenty out, he handed it to Crank who took it and put it back in his wallet. 
Crank’s friend, who had been quiet the whole time spoke up, “Now what? We drove across two states for this and now we’re leaving?”
Jeff replied, “I don’t have anymore, what I had has gone bad. I’m sorry.”
Pissed, the second vampire, Dave, shook his head and said, “Maybe we should turn them into the cops.”
“For what?” Jeff asked. 
“Selling poisoned blood,” Dave replied. 
“It’s not poisoned, it went bad. Lots of stuff goes bad. I gave him his money back!”
“I think we deserve more than that. We drove all fucking day and now we don’t have shit.”
“Like I said, we don’t always have much anyway, it’s expensive to keep.”
“I know you’re required to keep at least two pints, that’s part of keeping your license,” Dave said. 
“Yeah, what if I had sold them this morning? I can’t just call the distributor and get it in an hour. I have to order each night for the next morning delivery. It takes time,” Jeff said. “I’m sorry!”
“You owe him something for selling him rancid blood,” Dave replied. 
“I’ll call my boss,” Jeff said. 
“You do that,” Dave replied. 
Jeff pulled out his cell and called Bob at home. Bob was well aware of the wine bottle filled with Dr. Meyer’s blood but had no idea that the blood would cause this kind of reaction. The blood wasn’t filtered and could have been filled with all sorts of drugs and bacteria present in Dr. Meyer’s system. Nobody thought about that. They all assumed vampires were used to raw blood and could adapt. They were wrong. 
Jeff put his phone in his pocket and said, “My boss said he was sorry but there wasn’t anything he could do.”
“Fuck that, I’ll call the state patrol, have them check your operation here,” Dave said. “Something’s not right.”
“I’m not going to argue with you, I said I was sorry and gave your friend his money back,” Jeff said. 
Livid, Dave rocked back and forth began to sputter his words, “This is bullshit...bullshit!”
Crank tried to calm his friend down. “Dave, don’t worry about it, shit happens.” 
Dave reached over the bar and grabbed the frosty mug filled with the rancid blood. He took a sniff and almost gagged. “You won’t pay, fine,” Dave said and splashed the blood from the mug across the bar and onto the floor staining the carpet. He then tossed the mug behind the bar where it landed on the tile and shattered into small shards. 
“Get out,” Jeff said. He wasn’t used to tossing unruly customers out, but this was more than he could take. 
“I’m satisfied,” Dave said. “Let’s go,” he said to Crank and the two left the bar. 
Once the two vampires were gone, Mandy, one of the regular strippers walked over to the bar and looked at the mess left behind. “What happened?” Mandy asked.
“There was something wrong with the blood and one of them got pissed,” Jeff replied. 
“Are you going to call the cops?”
“No, but I better get a carpet cleaner, blood is hard to get out.”
“You better call the cops, what if they come back?” Mandy asked. 
“Bob told me not to call the cops.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know for sure, but I think he’s hiding something. Can you do me a favor and watch the bar while I clean this up?” Jeff asked. 
“I’m on after this song,” Mandy replied. 
“I have glass all over the floor back here, I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important.”
Mandy stepped around the bar with her six inch heels and looked at the blood stained, glass laden tile. “Fine, make it fast, I’m losing money.”
Jeff took off to the cleaning closet and grabbed a mop, broom and dustpan as well as a bucket filled with water and wash rags. When he arrived back at the bar Mandy was gone, back up on stage doing her routine. 
“Fuck,” Jeff said to himself under his breath. 

Through the door to the storage room, Jeff heard the back door open and then shut. He stepped over the glass, peered through the door and saw Bob walking towards him. “I need the key to the blood fridge,” Bob said. 
Jeff handed Bob the key and watched him unlock and open the door pulling out the wine bottle filled with blood. Once he had the bottle, he walked over to the sink and slowly poured the contents down the drain being careful not to splash any on the sides or on the floor. 
“What are you doing?” Jeff asked. 
“Getting rid of this, make sure when you’re done that you use bleach and get all the stains out,” Bob said. 
“Why? What’s going on?”
“You don’t need to know,” Bob replied. 
“You can’t pour that down the drain, there are regulations. Every drop has to be accounted for.”
“You never saw this,” Bob said. 
Taken aback, Jeff shook his head as he began to figure a few things out. “”I wondered why that was in a wine bottle and not in the bags we get from the distributer,” Jeff said. “Whose blood is that?”
Bob had to think fast on his feet. “Pigs blood, I got it from a friend who raises hogs.”
For a moment it all made sense, why the vampires were so disgusted by the flavor of the blood. If it was indeed pig’s blood, they would know something was wrong. “You were selling pig’s blood and telling the customers it was human?” Jeff asked. 
“Yes, don’t you say a fucking word to anyone, do you understand me?” Bob said as he lied to his bartender. “You need to get all the blood out of the carpet, off the tile and anywhere else it spilled. If the regulators or state patrol come in here to investigate, I’m going to prison and paying a huge fucking fine. I could lose the bar.”
“I’m working on it,” Jeff said. “Should I hire a cleaning crew to come in?”
“That’s not a bad idea, the carpets will need deep cleaned, steamed and shampooed.”
“Shit Bob, what did you get me into?” Jeff asked. “I had no fucking idea what was in that bottle. You didn’t say anything to me.”
“What? Did you think I was going to tell you what was in it?” Bob asked. 
“You set me up.”
“Yeah, I guess I did, but I figured no one would know the difference. Don’t get any ideas about running to the cops,” Bob said. “I can tell them you were in on it just as easy as not. And it would be my word against yours.”
“Jesus Bob, calm down, I’m not planning on turning you in,” Jeff said. “The only problem you have is if those two asshole vampires decide to turn you in.”
“Do you think they will?” Bob asked. 
“The one named Dave might, he was a prick. It’s hard to tell,” Jeff replied. 
“In case he does, let’s get this mess cleaned up, and call a service. See if we can get someone in tonight.”

Chapter 7
No surprise

Tom closed the lid of his laptop and unplugged it. He picked it up off the desk and carried it out of the basement, up the stairs and to the bedroom on the second floor where Dr. Page had discovered the camera. He didn’t bother to knock on the bedroom door realizing his operation had been discovered and entered the room out of breath. 
Dr. Page looked at Tom with little surprise. “You’ve been recording us?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Yes,” Tom replied. He set the laptop on a dresser and propped open the lid. The computer made a few sounds and a picture of the recording program with an image of the doctor’s face in the record window. 
“What for? And I thought you were at work?” Dr. Page asked. She was still naked, sitting on the edge of the bed holding the camera. Jackie was getting dressed on the other side of the bed. 
“So you’d pay,” Tom replied. 
“Pay for what? I shoot video all the time. And my camera is way better than this thing.”
“What do you mean you shoot video?” Tom asked. 
“I shoot porn and upload it to different pay sites.” 
“You shoot porn?” Tom asked. His jaw was hanging with surprise. 
“Everyone does these days, it’s no big deal,” Dr. Page replied. 
“But you’re a doctor! Don’t you have to sign some sort of morality clause when you become a doctor?”
“No, you don’t, at least I never did,” Dr. Page replied. “Ever since the internet, things have changed.”
“What if your patients saw the video? Wouldn’t you lose your job?” Tom asked. 
“I doubt it, maybe if I was a man, but nobody’s going to get all excited about me naked in a video,” Dr. Page replied. “Plus, the chances of anyone seeing me in a video is slim anyway, you can’t post nude video on Facebook, or on YouTube. And the only way you can see me is if you pay a pay site. And who’s going to admit they do that?”
“You seem way to easy going about this,” Tom said. 
“I’m good friends with the CEO at the clinic and I know at least one other nurse who does the exact same thing.”
Jackie asked, “Who is she?”
“Marta,” Dr. Page replied. 
“Really? I never would have thought she’d be into making porn.”
“I was surprised as well, she’s the one who got me into it in the first place.”
Frustrated, Tom spoke up, “So now what the Fuck?”
“I can go home and get my camera if you want, we can reshoot the whole thing,” Dr. Page said. 
“What? You want to make porn with my wife?” Tom asked. 
“It doesn’t pay much, but there is money in it,” Dr. Page replied. 
“How much?”
“I made seventy five dollars last month.”
“That’s all? That’s shit money,” Tom said. “How many videos do you have online?”
Dr. Page thought for a second. “Ten maybe.”
“And you only made seventy five dollars?”
“That’s seventy five that I don’t have to work for each month. Once they’re online, they keep making money. I just sit there and wait for it to show up. Why what was your idea?”
“I was going to blackmail you for a thousand a month,” Tom said. 
Dr. Page smiled and tried not to laugh. “That’s a bit much don’t you think?” Dr. Page asked. 
“I didn’t realize you were so into porn.”
“Why do you think I responded when your wife sent me those naked cell phone pictures? Fuck yes I’m into porn. Bring it on! If you want to blackmail someone, you have to pick someone who gives a shit.”
“Someone like who?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know, you have to do your research, you have to dig and find someone who’s horny as fuck, don’t get any and really nail them.”
Tom immediately thought of Dr. Meyer and knew he’d hit pay dirt once, he had to keep his mouth shut and not tell Dr. Page what he did although he really wanted to brag to her. Then he realized he didn’t make any money off of Dr. Meyer and felt disappointed. “Maybe we could try out the porn thing and see if we can make any money,” Tom said. 
“I can set Jackie up her own account then you can make the video and upload it. Some of the girls on the sites make good money, for some reason, mine just do ok,” Dr. Page said. “Do you mind if I take a look at what you shot tonight?” 
Tom shrugged his shoulders and moved to the laptop. He used the mouse to move the time meter back to the start of the video and hit play. He then made the video full screen and aimed the laptop at Dr. Page so she could see the picture. On the screen she could see herself kissing Jackie and then pushing her back on the bed. From there she continued to watch the entire video up to the point where she discovered the hidden camera under a shirt on the dresser. 
“Not bad for a pinhole camera,” Dr. Page said. “The lighting could be better, and it’s shot from a weird angle.”
“I wasn’t making a feature film,” Tom said. 
“Can I have a copy?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Fifty bucks,” Tom replied. “I did shoot this to make some money.”
Dr. Page found her bag and dug out her wallet. She found a twenty and a few singles. “I don’t have fifty on me.”
“Leave me your email address. I’ll send a link to my PayPal account and when you send fifty bucks, I’ll send the video file,” Tom said. 
“How about thirty?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Fifty, or I delete it,” Tom said. “That is my wife on the video.”
“Fine,” Dr. Page said. She leaned over and picked up her clothes and set them on the bed. “I better get going, I have to be at work tomorrow.”
Jackie spoke up, “Yeah, I miss that place.”
Dr. Page turned to Jackie as she pulled on her panties. “What happened to you? I just heard Dr. Meyer let you go but nobody knew why.”
Jackie had to think fast for a believable answer. “It was some bullshit story about a patient that I supposedly was rude too. He said I had a bad attitude and didn’t get along with the other nursing staff.”
“Really? I thought you got along with everyone. You were one of the more popular medical assistants we had.”
“I guess it doesn’t matter anymore, he’s gone now anyway,” Jackie said. After she said it, she regretted saying anything.
“Yeah, that is weird, nobody knows what happened to him. He’s still a missing person’s case.” Dr. Page said. By this time she had all her clothes on and was ready to leave. “Are you sure you don’t want me to go get my camera?”
“You said you had to get going?” Jackie asked. 
“I always make time for fun,” Dr. Page said with a smile. 
Frustrated, Tom chimed in, “How about next Tuesday night?”
“Why Tuesday night?” Jackie asked. 
“That’s my night off,” Tom replied. 
“I think Dr. Page knows how to run her own camera.”
Dr. Page spoke up, “Yeah, I know how to shoot video. I can render it and put titles on it and everything. 
Feeling rejected, Tom added, “You don’t want me there?”
“It’s not that we don’t want you,” Dr. Page said, “It’s that we don’t need a third person to help. I can set up the camera and Jackie and I can do all the fun stuff ourselves.”
“Fine,” Tom said. He packed up the laptop and left the room. His plan didn’t work out at all like he planned and now his wife was going to make lesbian porn without him to help and watch. And for shit money to boot. 

Tom made his way to the basement and plugged the video feed back into his laptop. He pulled out his phone and noticed he had a text from Rick, one of the vampires that helped screw Dr. Meyer to the ceiling joist before he was blood drained. The text read, “Dr. Meyer found.”
In a panic, Tom replied, “Who found him?”
The phone vibrated and the reply read, “A farmer moving irrigation pipe over the river.”
“Don’t say anything to anyone else, no texting,” Tom replied. 
“Check the news,” was the last text. Tom was shaken as he stepped over to the television. He changed the channel from movies to the local news and waited to see if the story would pop up. It took several minutes before the story came on, but when it did it sent Tom into a panic. On the screen was a far shot of a bridge with several emergency vehicles on top and a gurney being pushed into an ambulance. Tom knew in the back of his mind that a body that had spent a week in the river had little to tell, but he still shook at the idea that someone had come across the body. 
“What are you watching?” Jackie asked as she entered the basement. 
“The news,” Tom replied. “Where’s Dr. Page?”
Jackie stood and watched the story on the television. “She went home. They found Dr. Meyer?” Jackie asked. “Holy shit.”
“He can’t be more than ground meat by now,” Tom said. “I’d be surprised if they have his whole body.”
“They didn’t mention foul play in the story,” Jackie said. 
“Yeah, but how does a doctor end up in a river?”
“How did you get him to the bar in the first place, where there any witnesses?” Jackie asked. 
“I didn’t ask how they got him, but yes, Rick and Tony brought him to the bar. And they were the ones who dumped him in the river when we were done with him,” Tom replied. 
“Do you trust them?”
“Yes, but that doesn’t make me feel any better right now.”
“Why not?”
“Before they had nothing to go on, for all they knew the doctor skipped town. Now they know something else happened and the cops will be snooping around. They may even make the connection that he fired you just before he disappeared.”
“They could have made that connection before and didn’t.”
“He wasn’t a body then, he was a missing person. A person who could have come back, he isn’t coming back now and that changes everything,” Tom said. “I wouldn’t be surprised if the cops come around. If they do, you say nothing, you hear me?”
“I don’t plan too, give me some credit,” Jackie said. 
Then a text came across Tom’s phone, it was Rick again. The text read, “Cops at the bar.”
“What the fuck?” Tom asked aloud. He was very upset. 
“What does it say?” Jackie asked. 
“Rick says there are cops at the bar right now.”
“Are they looking for me?”
“He didn’t say,” Tom replied. He texted back, “What do they want?”
Tom waited impatiently for a reply text. “They’re asking about Jackie.” Tom leaned back in his chair and took in a deep breath. He shook his head and bit his bottom lip. “They’re looking for you.”
“This is bullshit, I didn’t do anything.”
“I know, and as long as you don’t say anything we should be alright.”
“What if they ask why Dr. Meyer fired me? What should I tell them?” Jackie asked. 
“When he fired you, did he put anything in writing?” Tom asked.
“If he did, it was after I left.”
Tom thought for a second. “Play dumb and don’t offer up anything. If you tell them anything, tell them you were shocked and didn’t see it coming. As far as you knew, Dr. Meyer thought you were the best medical assistant at the clinic.”
“I was,” Jackie replied. “This was all fine until you fucked it up.”

Chapter 8
Wine and cheese

Bob was sitting behind his desk when he heard a knock on the door jam. It was ten in the morning and he wasn’t ready for any visitors. “Come in,” Bob said waiting for one of his dancers to come in to complain about this or that. To his surprise, another woman stepped in his office, someone he never expected to darken his door. 
“Hi Bob,” the woman said. Her name was Julie and she was as out of place as oil and water. Tall and rail thin with huge fake tits, Julie bounced into the office with her bleached blonde hair and vampire white skin. She was no dancer, but looked like she could be one. Instead, she ran the most pretentious wine, cheese and coffee shop in five hundred miles. The town wasn’t a fancy place, and her shop was about as out of place as could be with her fancy coffee, art shows and bed and breakfast. She seemed to fall out of some home and garden show and land in Bob’s office. 
“Hi Julie, what can I do for you?” Bob asked. He really didn’t want to talk to this snob of a woman and had little respect for her fake aloofness. 
Julie walked into the office and took a seat across from Bob, she had on a short dress and enough jewelry to open a shop. Bob wondered how long it took her to get ready in the morning. She’d probably been up since six just to get here by ten. “I have a proposition for you,” Julie replied. 
“What kind of proposition?”
“I’d like to make you an offer on your bar.” Julie replied. 
“I didn’t realize I was selling it.”
“Maybe you will once you hear my offer.”
Bob leaned back in his chair uncomfortably. He was used to being the boss of women, not the other way around. “What’s your offer?”
“Seventy thousand,” Julie replied. 
Bob knew Julie had money, or at least her parents did. It was well known that Julie never worked a day in her life and glommed all her income from her parents and the holdings they let her use. The building she worked from was her parents as well as the inventory and everything else about it. “That would have been a great offer in nineteen seventy seven,” Bob replied. “This building alone assesses at almost two hundred and fifty thousand, and I pull in that much a year in sales. If you want to buy the place, you’re going to have to raise you offer quite a bit.”
“Bob, you’re not getting any younger, and nobody is going to buy this place and keep it a strip club. The best you can do is maybe one hundred thousand,” Julie said. 
Bob was in his mid-seventies and knew that he couldn’t keep the bar running forever and that it would be difficult to find a buyer for the club who’d keep it open, but Julie’s offer was an insult for a business that he’d kept running for the last thirty years. “What are you going to do with it? Put in another wine and cheese shop? I don’t think there are enough snobs in this town to support it.”
“Actually, I want to put in an art gallery,” Julie said. 
“You’re fucking kidding me,” Bob said. “In this town?”
“I think an art gallery would be a great addition to this town, add some culture to what has been a stain for years.”
“A stain? You come in here and call my bar a stain?”
“You have to admit, you attract a very low class crowd in here.”
“Low class? Can you insult me anymore?”
“I’m only trying to clean up the image of the town, make it a place where people would want to move, find jobs and live.”
“What are you? The fucking chamber of commerce? Who sent you here?” Bob asked. 
“Nobody sent me here, this is my idea. I have ideas for this building. It would be a fantastic art center,” Julie replied. 
“I see art every time I leave my office. Who needs a painting of a naked woman when I can go out and see three on the floor at any time?”
“You call those girls art?” Julie asked with a grin. 
“Who are you to talk with your fake tits and fake bleached hair? You have enough make up on to finance the Revlon Company.”
“I don’t use Revlon, I buy my make up from a specialty house,” Julie said. 
“I don’t give a shit where you buy your makeup, it looks like shit. I think you’re the last person who should be putting up an art gallery. What do you know about art?”
“I didn’t come here to argue with you Bob,” Julie said. 
“I think it’s funny how you call me “Bob”, I can’t remember once in the last twenty years where you ever called me by my first name, and your shop is at the end of the block. Now that you want something from me, all of a sudden we’re on a first name basis.”
“I’m sorry, that was an oversight by me. I should have been more open.”
Bob sat there looking at Julie’s face and wanted to punch it. He restrained himself and shook his head in disgust. “Tell you what, you make me a decent offer and I’ll talk, I don’t consider seventy thousand in the ballpark.”
“What would you consider a fair offer?” Julie asked. 
Bob snapped back with, “Like I said, two hundred and fifty thousand for the property and another two hundred thousand for business.”
“I don’t need the business, I don’t intend to keep this a strip joint,” Julie replied. 
“Ok, if I decide to sell this, I’ll sell it to someone who will keep it a strip joint. I’d rather see people having fun watching naked girls dance than have fucking art on the walls. Who looks at art anyway?”
“People with taste,” Julie replied. 
“Insulting me will get you nowhere,” Bob said. 
“Don’t get so emotional about this, its money in your pocket. You may die of a heart attack in the next year, then what?” 
“My daughter will take over, she’s in my will.”
“Does your daughter approve of your bar?” Julie asked. 
“Does your mother approve of your fake tits?” Bob asked. 
“She paid for them.”
“Whatever happened to your husband?” Bob asked. 
“Which one?”
“I forgot, you were married twice, the last one, what happened to him?”
“He divorced me,” Julie replied. 
“Why?”
“You’ll have to ask him.”
“I would but he’s a pompous prick to from what I understand. People say you married him for his money, is that true?”
Julie hesitated to answer. 
“You still have his last name and you have no kids, what’s up with that?”
Again, Julie didn’t answer. 
“I hear you’re a leech, and that you never worked for anyone in your life. And that you live off your mommy and daddy, is that true Miss wine and cheese?”
“This has nothing to do with the transaction I’m proposing.”
“If I sold you this bar, who’d sign the check? You?” Bob asked. 
“No, my mother would,” Julie replied as smug as she could. She crossed her arms and legs giving off the impression she was pissed. 
“Tell you what, I’ll make you a counter offer. I’ll accept your offer one condition. You dance here for a week, up on the main stage, fully nude.”
“You’ve got to be joking,” Julie said with her best snob voice. “I would never stoop to dancing in a bar.”
“Too busy cutting up cheese for your wine and cheese tasting?” Bob asked with a grin. 
“We also serve food, put on art shows and bring in musicians.”
“I serve food, we have chips and peanuts behind the bar. And have you seen my art?” Bob asked pointing to the pictures on the walls of his office of various nude girls.”
“You call that art?” Julie asked. 
“Are you saying that nudes aren’t art? That you would not put a nude painting in your art gallery?” 
“Not trash whores like these,” Julie replied. 
“Trash whores?” Bob asked laughing. “Some of the best women I’ve ever known have swung on those brass poles. Women who earned a living on their own, paid for their kid’s lunches and their rent from working. Not like you who’ve lived off your parents for thirty years. I have no respect for you whatsoever. I’d trust these girls with my life.” 
“They’re disgusting,” Julie replied. 
“I’m about this close to kicking your cheap butt out of my office,” Bob said. “You can take your seventy thousand and use it to buy a personality, because your tits are already off the scale. How can you walk with those with your skinny anorexic skeleton body? You look like you came from a Nazi death camp.”
“This isn’t about me Bob,” Julie said. 
“Yeah it is, if anyone else would have made me this offer I would have had the kindness to think about if for a day before I told them to fuck off, you on the other hand don’t deserve ten minutes. No, I reject your offer. Tell your mom and dad to add two hundred thousand and maybe I’ll talk about it, until then, get the fuck out of my office, I have work to do.” 
Julie stood up and walked around her chair, she turned back and said with a smile, “I’ll own this place one way or another, and when I do, I’ll take those brass poles, grind them up and sprinkle them on your grave.”
“When do you have your wine and cheese tasting?” Bob asked. 
“Every Tuesday afternoon and Friday after five, why? You want to come over and hang out with the cultured members of our town?” Julie asked. 
“Yeah, I’d like that, I might bring a few of my dancers over for a treat.”
“That’s wonderful, just make sure they’re dressed. And not like the tramps they are.”
“Oh Julie, how I’d love to really let you know what I think of you.”
“Go ahead Bob, what’s holding you back? This is your office and I’m a big girl,” Julie said. 
“Just out of curiosity, what do your tits look like?”
Julie closed the door and turned back to Bob lifting her shirt and bra. Bob was as used to seeing tits but what he saw shocked him. 
“How much did you pay for those?” Bob asked. 
“None of your business,” Julie replied.
“Whatever it was, you paid way too much.”
Disappointed, Julie asked, “What do you mean? These were top of the line when I got them?”
“Oh, they look great, don’t get me wrong. It’s just a waste to see them on you.”
Julie put her tits back in her bra and pulled her shirt down. 
“Wait a second,” Bob said as he fished a dollar out of his pocket. He tossed the dollar on his desk and motioned for Julie to pick it up.
“No thanks Bob,” Julie said. 
“I think you should take me up on my offer, with tits like those you could bring in two fifty a night. That’s a lot more than you make selling wine and cheese I bet.”
“It is, but I get to sleep at night knowing I’m not a whore.”
“I still don’t know why you call my girls whore’s. The only difference between them and you is that they take their clothes off.”
“That makes a huge difference. Only a pathetic low life would stoop to stripping for a living.”
“I’m actually tired of trading insults, when you agree to my terms come find me, until then we have nothing to discuss. I can get my wine and cheese at the grocery store. Actually, I don’t like fancy cheese all that much anyway.”
Julie turned and left the room shaking her skinny butt as she left. Bob sat and thought about what just occurred and felt he needed a cup of coffee. He looked to his coffee maker and saw that it was empty with burned coffee stains covering the glass. He could get up and walk down the street to Julie’s coffee shop and order an expensive fancy coffee, but the idea of doing any business with her made him mad. 
Bob was actually thinking about selling the bar, and her offer was probably not that bad considering how difficult it would be to sell a strip club. But for now he was still doing well enough to keep the bar open. He was hoping the blood drink would make him enough money to retire, but now it seemed like a losing proposition. 

Chapter 9
Exam room 6

Tom woke up and went downstairs to check the progress of the video rendering on his laptop. When he entered the basement, he immediately noticed the laptop was missing from the computer desk. In a panic, he ran back upstairs to the bedroom where Jackie was still sleeping. “Wake up!” Tom yelled. 
Jackie rolled over in a groggy daze and replied, “What’s wrong?”
“My laptop is missing, did you move it last night?”
“No,” Jackie replied. “Are you sure it was downstairs?”
“Yes, I was rendering the video from the shoot last night. It was long enough it would take an hour so I let it go and went to bed.”
“I’m sorry honey, I don’t know what happened to it.”
“Somebody broke into the house last night while we were asleep and stole it. I think I know who did.”
“Who?”
“Dr. Page, or someone she found to do it for her,” Tom replied. 
“Are you sure? She didn’t seem to have a problem with the video last night.”
“Of course not, she knew we wouldn’t erase the video so she lied and decided to get the video off the laptop later,” Tom said. 
“I suppose you could be right.”
“Fuck yeah I’m right. Fucking bitch lied to me and stole my computer.”
“But how are you going to prove it?” Jackie asked. 
“I’m going to the clinic and have a talk with the bitch,” Tom replied. 
“You have to make an appointment first.”
Tom stewed for a moment and looked at his watch. It was eight in the morning and the clinic wouldn’t be open for another hour. “She’s not my regular doctor, she’d see my name on the list and cancel my appointment.”
“That’s not how it works, the doctors don’t know who’s coming until they walk in the room.”
“Really?” Tom asked. “That might work. Do you know what she drives?”
“No, why?”
“I’d like to check her car before I go in the clinic, maybe the laptop is in the back seat.”
“I doubt she’d be that stupid,” Jackie replied. “It might be in her office.”
“Where is her office?”
“It’s at the end of the East hall past the exam rooms on the North side. There are two offices and a dictation room,” Jackie replied. “Her office is the first one on the right. But your chances of getting an appointment today is pretty slim, they fill up a week in advance.”
“I’ll tell them it’s an emergency then.”
“They’ll send you to the ER,” Jackie replied. “Call and see if you can get in, there is a chance.”

Ten forty arrived and Tom sat in the waiting room of the clinic. There was an open spot on Dr. Page’s appointment list and Tom took it eagerly awaiting his visit. Sitting in the waiting room, Tom fidgeted nervously until the nurse came to the door and called his name. Hearing his name, he jumped out of his skin and scurried over to the door following the nurse back to the exam rooms. She took his vital signs, his weight and led him to an empty exam room where she left him sitting on an exam table. 
“The doctor will see you soon,” the nurse said and she left. 
Tom sat in the small exam room listening to the elevator music looking at the table filled with medical equipment. He tapped his fingers and rocked his feet thinking about what he was going to do when Dr. Page walked through the door. As he looked at his watch, he noticed that it was already eleven and time seemed to be slipping by quickly. 
Then the door opened and Dr. Page entered wearing a white lab coat. She looked at Tom and backed up only to be pinned to the wall when Tom jumped off the exam table and shoved her to the side. He closed the door and put his hand over her mouth with a glare in his eye that told her to be silent. 
“Where’s my laptop?” Tom asked. 
Tom uncovered Dr. Page’s mouth a little keeping his hand close in case she screamed. “Somewhere where you’ll never find it,” Dr. Page replied. 
“Don’t be so cryptic doctor, just tell me so I can go get it,” Tom said with his teeth clenched. 
“It’s at the bottom of the river,” Dr. Page replied. 
“You fucking cunt,” Tom said as he pushed in close forcing Dr. Page against the wall. “What was all the bullshit about being fine with the shoot? You said you wanted to bring your camera over and make a better one.”
“Did you think I was going to tell you the truth? I can’t let that video out, I’d be fired.”
“So you weren’t as cool with it as you claimed,” Tom stated. 
“No, not at all. But you believed me and that’s all that mattered, I fixed the problem and now you can go,” Dr. Page replied. 
“Oh fuck no, you own me bitch, you owe me big time!”
“What do I own you? That laptop wasn’t worth more than a hundred dollars, I can pay you for that.”
“The video was worth thousands, you pay me for that!” Tom replied. 
“Go fish your video out of the river.”
Livid, Tom pushed Dr. Page harder against the wall. “You think you can fuck me over that easy?”
“I’m not trying to fuck you over at all, I just needed my life back and I took it the only way I knew how.”
“I’ll go to the police, tell them you broke into my house and stole my laptop. How will your CEO like that in the paper?” Tom asked. 
“Prove it,” Dr. Page replied. 
“I don’t have to prove anything, the allegation will be enough. I’ll drag your name through the paper and let the public decide.”
“Do what you want, you can’t prove anything. You left your door unlocked, it was so easy to take the laptop. I wore gloves and nobody saw me enter your house,” Dr. Page said. 
“Think so? My paranoid neighbor has a video system hooked up to his house, I think I’ll pay him a visit this morning and see if he go you on camera.”
“You’re bluffing,” Dr. Page said. 
“Bluffing? If he has you on the camera, the next visit you get from me will be from the police, because that’s where I’ll take the digital copy. Think about it, Dr. Page arrested for breaking and entering to steal a laptop with video of her fucking my wife. Awesome!” Tom said. 
“Do what you want, and get the hell out of my clinic, I have patients to see,” Dr. Page said. 
Tom was correct about the surveillance camera system his neighbor used. It had been installed for over five years. The only problem was that Tom and his neighbor rarely spoke and he didn’t know him all that well for living next door for over ten years. But it would be worth a knock on the door to see if there was any evidence of Dr. Page breaking in. “Fine, you have a nice day doctor, you better hope to God that you’re not on the video. You might want to start making payments to me now to make this all go away.”
“I’d rather lose my job and go to jail than pay you anything,” Dr. Page said. 
“Really? All those years of medical school and private practice down the shitter just so you can keep from paying me what you own me? You might want to rethink that,” Tom said. 
“Get out before I call someone,” Dr. Page said. 
Tom stepped back from Dr. Page and pulled the door open. He glared at her as he left the room and stepped into the hall. 

Tom knocked on his neighbor’s door and waited for a response. He knew the husband that lived here worked for the city but wasn’t sure if the wife worked or not. It was a longshot that anyone would be home at this time of day. Then the door opened and a woman of sixty some years appeared. 
“Hello,” the woman said. Her name was Nancy.
“Hi, I have sort of an odd question for you. This morning my house was broke into and I was wondering if maybe you got any of it on video?”
“Oh really? Did they take anything?” Nancy asked. 
“Yes, they stole my laptop,” Tom replied. 
“That is terrible, this used to be such a good neighborhood. That’s why George installed those cameras.”
“I know, is there any way you can check to see if you got the thieves on video?”
“I would, but the video system doesn’t work anymore. It hasn’t for a few years now. George decided not to get it fixed and thought the cameras would be enough to scare any burglars away. I’m sorry.”
Disappointed, Tom shook his head and donned a fake smile. “That’s alright, it was a longshot to start with.”
“Did they take anything else?” Nancy asked. 
“Not that I can tell, I’ll have to go take a better look later.”
“Have you called the police?”
“I wanted to check on the video first, but I will,” Tom replied.
“George did say he saw a car parked in front of your house last night. He said he thought it was a doctor from the clinic. Is anything wrong with your wife?”
“No, she’s fine.”
“Doesn’t she work there? I’m so used to seeing her wearing that uniform. I haven’t seen her in it for a while.”
“She doesn’t work there anymore, she works with me now down at the bar,” Tom replied. 
“She’s a bartender too?”
“Not exactly,” Tom said. “I better get going, I need to get to check the house over and get to the police station.”
“Good luck, I’m sorry to hear about your laptop,” Nancy said. 
Tom left the porch and walked back to his house. It was getting close to one in the afternoon and he and Jackie would have to head to work at the bar soon. The last place Tom wanted to be was the police station but he felt he needed to lie to Nancy to keep her from being nosy. 
Tom entered his house and found Jackie sitting in the living room sipping from a glass of tea. “That was completely worthless,” Tom said. 
Jackie turned when she heard the door open. “What happened?”
“The bitch tossed the laptop in the river.”
“She admitted she stole it?”
“Obviously, I wish I had a recorder so I could have had that to use against her.”
“You’re cell has a recording app,” Jackie said. 
“Fuck, I didn’t know that.”
“Next time use it.”
“I don’t think there will be a next time, the only ace I had didn’t work out.”
“What ace?”
“I thought maybe our neighbor’s video system would have got her on tape. Turns out it hasn’t worked in years. I got shit,” Tom replied. 
“Dr. Page doesn’t know that, just take a thumb drive to her office and stick it in her face. Tell her you got her breaking in. She won’t know the difference.”
“What if she calls my bluff and tells me to play it?” Tom asked. 
“Tell her it’s the only copy you have and you’re not letting it go.”
Tom thought for a moment. “That might actually work. But then she might ask for a copy.”
“You think too much,” Jackie said. 
“If I were her, I’d demand a copy before I paid anything.”
“Then fake it.”
“Fake it how?”
“I don’t know, you’re the smart one,” Jackie said with a grin. 
“I’ll think about it, you better get ready for work.”

Chapter 10
Interview

Jackie looked across the room from the main stage as she spun around the pole. She didn’t see but a few men sitting at the back sitting at separate tables milking their drinks and watching her with dull enthusiasm. Afternoons always sucked and Jackie was bored with herself. Then she saw two law enforcement officers enter the front door which peaked her interest. The room lit up from the sunlight entering the room and went dark as soon as the door shut. Once her eyes adjusted to the dark again, she watched them as they stepped over to Tom at the bar. Tom pointed over to the main stage and Jackie felt a hot flash, she was used to police showing up at the bar once and a while, but not taking an interest in her.
Jackie’s set ended and she stepped off the stage. Once she was on the floor with her six inch heels the two officers approached her. “Ma’am, I’m Officer Polk, this is my partner Officer Little, and we’d like to talk to you.”
“Am I in trouble?” Jackie asked. 
“We’d like to take you down to the station,” Polk stated. 
“Am I under arrest?”
“No, we just have a few questions for you.”
“I don’t feel comfortable with this,” Jackie said. “Do I have to go with you?”
“No, but if you refuse, it won’t look good for you.”
“What’s this all about?”
“We’d prefer to discuss this in private, down at the station,” Polk replied. 
“No, I won’t go, if you have questions, you can ask them here,” Jackie said. “And I want my husband there too.”
“It’s not standard procedure to have anyone at the interview.”
“Then you can leave,” Jackie said. 
“Ma’am, like I said, if you refuse the interview, it won’t look good for you.”
“What’s going on?”
“Is there a private room we can use?” Officer Little asked. 
“I can see if Bob will let me use his office,” Jackie replied. 
“Is Bob the manager?” Officer Polk asked. 
“The owner, give me a second,” Jackie said and she took off towards the bar. She stopped off first to talk to Tom and then walked over to Bob’s office where she disappeared for a moment. She gestured for the officers to come over and they joined Jackie in Bob’s office along with Tom. 
Bob agreed to watch the bar while the officers were interviewing Jackie so Tom could sit in. 
Once Tom, Jackie, Officers Polk and Little were sat down in Tom’s officer, Officer Polk spoke up. “We are here to ask about your relationship with Dr. Allan Meyer.”
Tom spoke up, “What relationship? What are you accusing my wife of?”
“We’re interviewing Mrs. Bradley, ok?” Officer Little stated. “We’d appreciate it if you’d let us do our job.”
“I don’t think she should answer any questions without a lawyer,” Tom said. 
“She’s not under arrest,” Polk said. “We are simply asking questions. If you haven’t heard, Dr. Meyer’s body was found in the river last week. We are simply following up to see if we can create a timeline of events before he went missing.”
“That doesn’t mean she had a relationship with him!” Tom snapped back. 
“Don’t read too much into that word, your wife did work for the late Dr. Meyer and she did have a working relationship with him. That’s all we want to talk about.”
Tom calmed down and sat back in his chair. 
Officer Polk addressed Jackie again. “Now, can you describe your relationship with Dr. Meyer?”
“He was my boss,” Jackie replied. 
“I understand he let you go, is that correct?”
“Yes,”
“Can you explain the circumstances of your termination from his employment?” 
Jackie hesitated. She had no good answer and began to sweat. “I don’t know why, he didn’t tell me.”
“You were terminated and never got an explanation why?” Polk asked. 
“No,” Jackie replied. 
“If this goes to court, your records can be subpoenaed. If you’re withholding information, it will come back to haunt you.”
“Fine, he said I wasn’t working up to his standards or some bullshit like that,” Jackie replied. 
“Anything specific?”
“No, not really,” Jackie replied. 
“Were you not doing your job? What led him to believe you weren’t up to his standards?”
“Ask him,” Jackie replied. 
“Obviously we can’t, can you tell us what the issue was?” Polk asked. 
“He could be a prick.”
“Was there a chance you had a personality conflict with Dr. Meyer?””
“We had our days.”
“We checked into Dr. Meyer’s phone records. It shows in the week leading up to his disappearance, you texted Dr. Meyer over two hundred and fifty times.  Did you often have contact with the doctor after work hours?” Polk asked. 
Shocked at the amount of texts she actually sent Dr. Meyer, Jackie swallowed hard and shrugged her shoulders. “If that’s what the records show.”
“If you had a personality conflict with the doctor, why so many texts?” Polk asked. 
“Don’t know,” Jackie replied. She knew that a good amount of those texts were pictures of her with her fingers up her pussy and other sexual positions. Many of them were pictures of Dr. Meyer’s penis in various states of arousal.”
“According to the phone records, your texts ended the night he went missing,” Polk stated. He looked at Jackie for a response. “You didn’t text him afterwards, did you know something nobody else did?”
Jackie crossed her arms across her breasts and crossed her legs. She didn’t have a good reply and refused to answer. 
“Mrs. Bradley, can you explain why you didn’t text Dr. Meyer after that night? Did you know he wouldn’t answer his texts?”
Tom spoke up, “Are you accusing my wife of killing Dr. Meyer?”
“I’m not accusing anyone of anything. I see a pattern, a coincidence and I need to find out the correlation,” Polk replied. 
“Maybe they had an argument?” Tom asked. “Maybe she got tired of his bullshit stalking her after work.”
Polk squinted like the sun had just lit up in his view. “Stalking? Was Dr. Meyer stalking you?”
Jackie saw a way out and went with it. “Yes, he was stalking me. He sexually harassed me at work and then texted me after work.”
“Did you ever report Dr. Meyer for harassment?” Polk asked. 
“No, I was afraid to report him. He was a doctor and my boss,” Jackie replied. 
“Can you describe the harassment?”
“He was always making comments about my body. Always rubbing up against me, looking down my scrubs.”
Polk looked at Tom and asked, “Did you know about this?”
“No, she never told me,” Tom lied. 
Polk again addressed Jackie. “How long had this harassment been going on?”
Jackie bit her tongue and shook her head. “Two months, maybe longer.”
“Do you remember the first time it happened?” Polk asked. 
“Yeah,” Jackie said. She had to think up a good lie. “I was in the exam office after a patient had left the room. He reached over and touched my breasts with his hands. He said he knew a doctor that could help me out if I needed.”
“What did you do?”
“I smiled and let him do what he wanted. When he was done, he left the room,” Jackie replied. 
“How often did this behavior occur?”
“Towards the end it got pretty bad. He got my cell number and started sending me pictures of his penis. I told him to stop but he wouldn’t” Jackie replied. 
“Does that explain the number of texts we see in the report?” Polk asked. 
“It must, I wasn’t texting him because we were friends. He kept trying to get me to have sex with him. He was a pervert.”
Officer Little spoke up. “I want to know how your husband didn’t know. I mean, if this were going on for two months, you hid it well.”
“I didn’t want Tom to worry,” Jackie said. 
“Do you think your termination had anything to do with the sexual harassment?” Polk asked. 
“Now that you say it that way, I think so,” Jackie replied. 
“Was there a fight, something that would have led him to break it off with you, did he focus on another female?” Polk asked. 
“Maybe, he was always hitting on every girl in the building,” Jackie replied. 
“Do you know of any other female staff we could talk too about this?” Little asked. “It would help if we could back up your story,” 
“I don’t know of any specifically, you can ask them all,” Jackie replied. 
“That’s odd, you say he hit on all the female staff, but you can’t name one that stands out,” Little stated. 
“I didn’t get along with most of the other girls, we didn’t hang out and talk about Dr. Meyer’s penis texts.” Jackie replied. 
“Did you ever send him anything back?” Little asked. 
“Like what?”
“Pictures.”
“Pictures of what?”
“Sexual pictures,” Little replied. 
“Fuck no, and as you can see from what I do now, being naked is no big deal. But no, I never sent him pictures of me naked. You two have seen more of me naked in the last ten minutes then he saw ever and that was never.”
“That does confuse me a bit, you work fully naked now, but you claim he sexually harassed you at work,” Polk said. 
“My job isn’t sex, I don’t fuck my customers. My husband is behind the bar and sees everything I do. There is a difference between dancing naked and having someone ask you to fuck in his truck after work,” Jackie snapped back. 
“Sorry Ma’am, I didn’t mean to upset you. I didn’t realize there was a difference,” Polk said. 
“You’ll find that most of the girls who dance do it for the money. I can make more here in a night than you do in a week shaking my tits. I don’t even need a high school diploma to do this. I bet you have a college degree.”
“I apologize,” Polk said. 
Jackie shook her head and looked away at the floor. “Are we done?” Jackie asked. 
“No, we have one more question,” Little said as he pulled out a manila envelope from his jacket. Once the envelope was in view, Little opened it and pulled out two eight by ten photographs of Jackie with her fingers on her pussy spreading the lips apart. From the angle of the photos, it looked like they were taken from a cell phone camera. “Do you recognize these photographs?” Little asked. 
Jackie looked at the pictures in horror as she remembered taking them and sending them to Dr. Meyer’s phone. It was obvious Dr. Meyer had downloaded the pictures and printed them.  “Where did you get those?” Jackie asked. 
“Dr. Meyer’s wife found them in his home office in the top drawer of his desk,” Little replied. “Do you know how he got these?”
Jackie swallowed hard and bit her tongue harder. 

Chapter 11
Wallet

Julie heard the ding from the bell indicating a customer had walked into her shop. She expected to see a few nice older ladies looking for some decorations for their homes or someone looking for one of her expensive coffee blends, but no, to her shock she saw what looked like a dirty biker coming towards her. The man, dressed in leather and sporting long unwashed hair and a beard clogged like a horse with his biker boots across her polished tile floor. “May I help you?” Julie asked with well hidden distain. 
“No, but I might be able to help you,” Tony replied. The vampire who had helped capture Dr. Meyer, kill him and dispose of his body was now standing in Julie’s trinket shop looking to make her an offer. 
“What can you do for me?” Julie asked as polite as she could. The site of this man in her shop made her stomach turn. 
“We should discuss this in private,” Tony said. 
Julie looked around the shop, it was just after opening and no one was in the room but them. “I think this is private enough,” Julie said. “Can I get you some coffee?”
“No thanks, but I have something you might want.”
“And what is that?”
“I heard that you tried to buy the Blood Bar from Bob.”
“Yes, I did, and he turned me down,” Julie replied. 
“I know a way that he won’t turn you down again.”
“Can you get to the point? I have things I need to get done this morning.”
“Sure lady, but it’s going to cost you five grand, in cash, up front,” Tony said. 
“Five grand? For what?” Julie asked. 
“I have some information that Bob would like to keep secret, if you knew what I know you could use it against him. He’d sell you the bar for half what he told you.”
“Really?” Julie asked. “And what is my guarantee that my five thousand dollars will do what you say?”
“I can’t tell you until you pay,” Tony said. 
“Sorry, I won’t play your games, you can leave my shop now.”
“How can I trust you won’t run to the cops if I tell you first?”
“How can you trust me I won’t run to the cops after?” Julie asked. “I guess you have to trust me.”
Tony stood there and thought for a moment. He now realized that either way, telling Julie what he knew could backfire. He had to justify if the five grand was worth the risk. “If what I have is important, do you agree to my terms?” Tony asked. 
“Maybe,” Julie replied. 
Tony reached into the pocket of his leather vest and pulled out a wallet. He opened the wallet and pulled out a card and handed it to Julie. She looked at the card and read Dr. Meyer’s name on a business card. 
“Where did you get this?” Julie asked. 
“Is that worth five grand?” Tony asked. 
“You could have made that card on a printer, what else do you have?”
Tony fished through the wallet and found a driver’s license. He held it up for Julie to read but didn’t hand it to her. 
Julie leaned in, saw the picture and read Dr. Meyer’s name she was shocked at what she was seeing. “What does this have to do with Bob and his hell hole of a bar?” Julie asked. 
“Five grand please,” Tony said. 
Realizing that this filthy vampire biker had something she might need, Julie backed off on the bitch attitude and tried to calm down. A vampire herself, she now tried to empathize with Tony, and win him over. She didn’t want to spend five thousand dollars, it would mean another trip to her mother asking for cash. Maybe she could talk him down. “I’ll pay you one thousand for the wallet and all that’s in it. But first you have to tell me what this has to do with Bob.”
“I’ll tell you this much, Dr. Meyer spent his last night alive in the basement of the Blood Bar, and I’ll go as low as four grand,” Tony replied. 
“How do you know this?” Julie asked. 
“How do you think I got his wallet?”
“You were there?”
“I’m not trying to make myself out to be an accomplice to murder, and I will deny we ever spoke, but if you flashed that driver’s license in Bob’s face, he’d sell you the Blood Bar for whatever price you asked. Four grand is a drop in the bucket compared to what you’d save,” Tony replied. 
“I have to get the money from my mother, I don’t keep that kind of cash around here,” Julie said. 
“If you can’t come up with four grand, how do you plan to buy the Blood Bar?”
“I’m fucking the loan manager at the bank,” Julie replied. 
“Maybe you should be fucking me,” Tony said. 
“What?”
“You heard me, I think you should show me some appreciation for what I’ve done for you.”
Julie looked at Tony like he was a dirty rat that had just walked into the shop. She’d rather kill it with a broom and touch it. “I’m not fucking you, not in a million years!” Julie snapped back. 
Tony looked at Julie like she was a Barbie doll on steroids. All paint and fakery. “Fine, price just went up to eight grand.”
“You asshole, I could turn you into the cops,” Julie said. 
“You can’t prove shit, I’d lose the wallet before they got to me and you’d lose any leverage I gave you. No Blood Bar, no nothing.”
“I’m not paying you eight grand and I’m not fucking you, so come up with an offer I can live with,” Julie said. 
“Any offer I come up with includes you on your knees sucking me off. I’ll let you chew on that for a while,” Tony said with a grin. Satisfied he had pissed Julie off, he put the driver’s license back in the wallet and placed the wallet back in his vest pocket. “My offer is good for two days. I would ask mommy for her knee pads if I were you.”
Pissed, Julie stormed off into her office and slammed the door. She sat down behind her desk and picked up the phone to call her mother when she heard a crashing sound. As quickly as she could, she got up, opened the door and to her horror saw glass shards and wine strewn across her tile floor and Tony walking out the shop. 
Livid, Julie ran to the front door as fast as she could in her skin tight dress and four inch heels avoiding the spilled wine and broken glass. When she opened the door, Tony was gone. Shaking her head in disgust, she stomped her way back to the closet to pick out a broom, dust pan and mop. She detested manual labor, but had no one but herself to do the work. 

About an hour before the wine and cheese shop closed, Tony got a text that Julie was looking for him. She didn’t know a lot of the people that Tony knew, but the word got out and he came back to the shop ready to deal or fight. This time Julie was ready for the vampire who caused fifty dollars in damage and ruined her otherwise good day. Tony entered the shop, still dressed like a metal rock star biker in need of a bath. Julie still looked like a high priced hooker with an obsession for fake culture. 
“You ready to deal?” Tony asked. 
“I got three thousand, that’s the best I could do on short notice,” Julie replied. 
“Tell you what, I’ll take three thousand now, but I’m coming back for the other five later.”
“Fine do what you want, give me the wallet.”
“We have a little cock sucking to take care of first,” Tony said with a smile. 
“I’m not sucking your cock,” Julie replied. 
“That’s not negotiable.”
“Everything’s negotiable,” Julie said. 
“You think you can run me around because you’re better than me? You and your fancy shop and your fake body and clothes? Fuck you bitch,” Tony said. “If you didn’t want to deal, you shouldn’t have contacted me again.”
“I’m a business woman, you can’t just quote me a price and expect to get what you ask for. This isn’t a department store.”
Tony knew she was right, but she seemed to acting different than before. She had threatened to call the cops the last time they spoke, and maybe she did. “Did you contact the cops?” Tony asked. 
“No,” Julie replied. 
“I didn’t bring what you are looking for, if they’re taping this, they aren’t going to get shit.”
“I said I didn’t call the cops. Why would I do that?” Julie asked. 
“Because if Bob goes to jail, the bar may get shut down, and you could swoop in and pick it up at a steal,” Tony replied. 
“They would auction it off and I would lose,” Julie replied. “I offered Bob seventy five thousand and he turned me down. The bar is worth twice that. I can get the bar at my price if I have the wallet. So stop being so paranoid.”
“That makes sense, but I still want to make sure you’re not recording me, let’s talk somewhere private,” Tony said. “This place is probably full of camera’s recording every word I say.”
“Where do you want to go? I can’t leave the shop, I’m the only employee today,” Julie said. 
“Then how do you go to the bathroom? Do you lock the door?” 
“I put up a sign on the door, say’s I’ll be back in a while and lock it,” Julie replied. 
“Then put up a sign.”
Frustrated, Julie walked behind the counter and scribbled a note on a sheet of paper. She put on some tape, walked to the front door and hung it so it could be read from the outside. “Fine, now where do you want to go?”
By now Tony was pretty sure Julie hadn’t gone to the cops or she wouldn’t be so willing to leave. But he wanted to play this out and play with her. “You have a back room?”
“Yes, but if you don’t have the wallet on you, this is pointless,” Julie said. 
Tony reached into his vest pocket and pulled out the wallet. “Show me the back room.”
Julie led Tony through the shop, past the fancy decorations, past the wine and cheese bar to the door that led to the back room. Once they were out of the shop and away from the view of the front door they stopped and faced each other. “So what do you want to discuss? I told you three thousand, I have it in my office.”
“On your knees first bitch,” Tony said. 
“You’re nuts, you know that?” Julie asked. “Nobody fucks with me, nobody. I can get my boyfriend here in ten minutes, he works at the bank across the street at the end of the block.”
“Your boyfriend the banker?” Tony asked like it was a joke. “Bring him over, I’ll show him what I can do.”
“He’s a triathlete, he works out every day of the week at the gym. Don’t think because you have long hair, tattoos and smell like a dog pound that makes you tough. He may work at a bank, but he could bust you in two,” Julie snapped. 
Tony stepped in close and grabbed Julies dress between her huge fake breasts. He pulled and looked down her shirt. “Did he pay for those?” Or did your mommy?”
Feeling threatened, Julie grabbed Tony’s hand and tried to pull it away. The harder she tried to move it, the stronger his grip became. “Let me go,” Julie said in a low muted tone. 
Tony moved in his other hand and grabbed a firm hold of her breast. He squeezed hard enough to make it hurt and looked to her face for the reaction. Immediately Julie raised her hand and slapped Tony across the face. He didn’t budge. 
“Are you going to rape me you fucking pig?” Julie asked. “I thought you came here to make some money.”
“I can rape you and take the money, and keep the wallet if I want,” Tony said. “All I asked was for eight grand and a blow job, I’ll take three, but I’m not giving up watching you go down on your high priced knees and sucking my worthless piece of shit cock. That alone would be worth the money I’m giving up. Just to see your pompous high class face in my crotch.” 
Julie was determined to win this battle, but she wasn’t prepared for this dirt bag to come into her life and threaten her. He had her right where he wanted her and there was nowhere to go and he phone was in her office. 

Chapter 12
Inspection

It was around two in the afternoon when a man and a woman entered the Blood Bar, they were wearing suits and looked out of place. They didn’t look like the regular customers that usually came around at this time, they looked like cops. Jeff noticed the two right away and perked up from reading his Facebook page on his phone. As they approached the bar, Jeff asked if they wanted anything to drink. 
“No,” the man said. “Are you the owner of this establishment?” he asked. 
“No, I just work here, let me get Bob,” Jeff said as he turned to leave. 
The two suits waited as Jeff walked into Bob’s office passing time as they watched a girl dancing on the main stage. The dancer looked back at them with a curious expression trying to figure out who they were without looking obvious. Bob came out of his office with a fake smile and greeted the two well-dressed customers. Neither smiled back. “Hello, I’m Bob, the owner,” Bob said. 
The man pulled out a sheet of paper from his jacket pocket and read for a moment. He looked up at Bob and asked, “Are you Bob Parish?”
“Yes, what’s this about?” Bob asked. 
“My name is Christopher Thompson, and this is Angie Miller, we’re agents with the Food and Drug Administration.”
Instantly Bob went into a panic attack. He never thought he’d see anyone from the FDA show up at his bar and with the modifications he had made to his cooler system, he knew he could be busted at any time. “The FDA? What are you doing here?” Bob asked. 
“As part of the contract you signed to sell blood in your bar, you are subject to periodic random inspections. We’re here to conduct an inspection now,” Thompson replied. 
Bob knew he was going to jail. His cooler was not up to code and it was a matter of time before they found out. He needed to think fast. “Is there any way we can do this tomorrow? I was leaving for the day.”
“We don’t need you here to do the inspection,” Miller replied. 
“It’s just one day, I’d rather be here if you don’t mind.”
“Sorry, can you take us to where you store the blood?”
Bob swallowed hard, there was no way out of this now. “Sure,” Bob said and directed the two FDA agents around the bar to the back room. Once they walked back to the cooler, Bob stopped and pointed to the unit. “There it is,” Bob said. He sounded defeated and was ready to meet his fate. 
“What’s this?” Thompson asked. “This isn’t the unit you’re supposed to have.”
“I know, I sent that one back and replaced it with this,” Bob replied. 
“This doesn’t have a double lock, or a temperature control read out. It looks like something you picked up at a department store.”
“It is, I put the lock on it myself,” Bob said. 
Miller reached over and grabbed the padlock. “This looks cheap, anyone with a bolt cutter could take this off in a second,” Miller said. 
“Can you open this up?” Thompson asked. 
Bob fished through his keys and found the one to the lock. He unlocked the padlock and removed it from the cooler. He then opened the door to the cooler revealing one pint of processed blood prepackaged in a plastic pouch. Like what you would find in a hospital, only this was cleaned to be drank. On the floor of the cooler, were brown stains, smudged from being cleaned. Overall it was a mess. 
“This is disgusting,” Miller said. “Why is there blood spilled on the bottom of the cooler?”
Bob didn’t want to tell the FDA officers that there was a wine bottle filled with blood that sat in the cooler, dripped all over and had to be cleaned. He needed to think fast. “One of the packages had a leak,” Bob replied. 
“Did you waste the pint of blood like you’re required too if it was defective?” Miller asked. 
“Yes,” Bob lied. 
“Can I see the paperwork?”
Bob didn’t fill out the paperwork. He didn’t because there was no leaky pint of blood. Now he was fucked digging a deeper hole as a lied. 
“I don’t know where it is,” Bob replied. 
“You’re required to keep records in a file.” Miller said. “Do you have a file folder?”
Bob had a file folder, but he didn’t have the form they wanted. Showing them the folder at this point would be a waste. He was sunk. “Yes, I have a file folder,” Bob replied. He was starting to sweat. 
“May we see it?” Miller asked. 
Bob shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. “What’s the point? You’re going to bust me anyway.”
“We need to do a thorough investigation, may we see your file folder?”
“No, you may not,” Bob snapped back. “I want you the fuck out of my bar!”
“You realize this is a federal investigation?” Miller asked. “I can call in the state patrol if we need.”
“Call in whoever you fucking want,” Bob said. He was now manic, stomping around the room looking for a way out of this situation. 
“Calm down,” Thompson said. 
“You calm down mother fucker!” Bob said. 
Then a voice from the bar spoke up. It was Jeff who had heard the yelling. “What’s going on?” Jeff asked. 
Thompson replied, “Nothing, go back to work.”
Jeff stood there for a moment and then walked back to the bar. 
Bob was feeling sick to his stomach and felt like his life was over. “Call the cops, I don’t care. I’m seventy five, what are they going to do to me? I’ll be dead before I ever see prison time.” 
“There is a way out of this,” Miller said. 
“A way out? Like what?” Bob asked. 
“You can buy some time, if you know what I mean.”
“No, I don’t know what you mean,” Bob said. 
“It’s obvious that you have some major code violations. I don’t know if you are aware, but each violation can result in a ten thousand dollar fine and up to five years in prison,” Miller said. “As I see it now, you have at least three major violations. You don’t have the correct cooler, you don’t have having a double lock and the blood stains inside the cooler.”
“What’s your point?” Bob asked. 
“How long would it take for you to get the correct cooler installed?” Miller asked. 
“I can get one in tomorrow, I know the guy that sells them. Do you know how much those fuckers cost? They’re twelve hundred dollars.”
“I’m trying to help you, ok?” Miller asked. 
“Are you saying if I get the cooler replaced you won’t bust me?” Bob asked. 
“No, but I’m willing to make you a deal.”
“What kind of deal?”
“You put in the correct cooler by tomorrow, and make a donation to the FDA, for let’s say, five thousand dollars, this will all go away.”
“A donation? You mean a bribe?” Bob asked. 
“We want it in cash, let’s put it that way,” Miller replied. 
Bob knew that five grand was a lot better than thirty grand and fifteen years in prison. The problem was he didn’t have five thousand to spare. The bar usually broke even each month which left little in savings and taking on the blood put him in the hole. That’s why he changed out the cooler system. “If I had five grand, I would have kept the code cooler in the first place.”
“You’re saying there is no way you can come up with five thousand dollars?” Miller asked. 
“Not unless I sell the bar,” Bob replied. “And that would take months. You want your money today.”
“We can give you until the end of the week,” Miller said. 
“I said it could take months, and that’s if sell the bar. I don’t really want to sell the bar.”
“You’d rather sit in a cell until you’re ninety?” Miller asked. “The agency will sell your bar to settle the fine. They will get their money either way.”
“Jesus fucking Christ!” Bob yelled. “This is extortion!” The irony was that Bob was involved with the extortion of Dr. Meyer when Tom tried to extort money for having sex with his wife. Dr. Meyer’s blood ended up in the cooler and was what was staining it brown. “I could turn you in for this.”
“Are you recording me?” Miller asked. “Do you have any witnesses?” 
“I have cameras all over this bar,” Bob replied. 
Agent Miller and Thompson looked around to see if they could find any cameras. “Where do you keep your recorder?”
“Do you have a search warrant?”
“If you don’t take us to your video recorder now, I’ll cite you for your violations and take you into custody now. Do you understand me?”
Bob played the one hand he thought he had, but it didn’t work. He had cameras but none in the back room. 
Then everyone heard the sound of a shotgun sliding a shell into the chamber and looked to see Jeff standing behind them pointing a gun at them. “Bob, move,” Jeff said. 
Bob stepped to the side and let Jeff have a good aim at the two FDA agents who were now helpless to defend themselves
“Drop your guns,” Jeff said. 
“We’re Food and Drug Administration, we don’t carry guns, we’re paper pushers,” Thompson replied. We bring people in when we need guns,” Thompson replied. 
“What do you want to do with them Bob?” Jeff asked. 
“The basement,” Bob replied. 
Jeff waved the barrel of the gun in the direction of the stairs. “Move,” Jeff said. 
The two agents slowly walked to the door to the stairs and made their way to the basement with Bob and Jeff following. Once they were in the dusty, dimly lit hall, Jeff told them to enter the same room that Dr. Meyer was killed. 
“What are you going to do with us?” Miller asked. 
Bob spoke to Jeff, “Get Rick and Tony here as fast as you can.”
Jeff handed the shotgun to Bob who trained it on the FDA agents. Jeff took out his phone and texted the two vampires as Bob asked. Rick replied right away. “Rick’s coming, Tony hasn’t replied.”
“Get some twist ties. There’s a package of them on the shelf above the cooler,” Bob said. 
Jeff took off out of the room and back upstairs to get the twist ties leaving Bob, Agent Miller and Agent Thompson alone in the musty, dank room. 
Agent Miller spoke up, “We can make a deal.”
“You made a deal, now it’s my turn,” Bob said. 
“What do you want?”
“I don’t like being fucked over, not by anyone. I had some fake bitch trying to buy this place from me and now you assholes trying to force me to sell. Why can’t people leave me the hell alone!”
“What do you want Bob?” Miller asked. 
“I want you two to be my guests for a while, that’s what I want. You can spend some quality time down here thinking about what it’s like for a small business owner to get extorted by a government agency that forced me to spend outrageous money on some stupid cooler that they required and then threatened to send me to prison when I couldn’t afford it. You’re damn regulations and corrupt enforcement makes me sick!” 
“Calm down,” Miller said. 
“Don’t tell me to calm down!” Bob shouted. “You came to my bar and made demands of me!” Bob shouted. He stepped forward and put the end of the barrel in Millers face. She tried not to react but squinted her eyes as he came closer. As if closing her eyes would make the shot less painful. “Now sit down!” Bob shouted. 
Miller and Thompson sat down, Miller in the same chair Dr. Meyer had sat in. Above them was the ceiling joist where Dr. Meyer had hung while he was bled out. Both agents were oblivious to what had happened, and the same could easily happen to them. 

Chapter 13
Mrs. Meyer 

Ten o’clock in the evening on a Friday night and the Blood Bar was filled with horny men, pissed off girlfriends and vampires looking to try out the new blood drink. All three stages were occupied by nude dancers that swung from poles and the drinks were being served by hot female wait staff as they watched for grabby men who liked to use them to get off. Tom was busy tonight as he tried to keep up with the orders and keep an eye on his wife who was currently on the side stage number three when a woman he didn’t recognize walked through the front door. She walked passed the bouncer and stopped at the first side stage and paused for a moment. She then pulled out a pistol and shot the dancer three times shattering the glass behind her. 
The bouncer ducked and ran out the front door as the woman swung her gun around the room. The dj stopped the music and the crowd froze in place as this woman scanned the room. Tom felt he was in charge and had to do something, so he slowly walked around the bar and approached the woman. As he made his way, he spoke up to the crowd and asked for someone to call 911. “What are you doing?” Tom asked. He breathed heavy and feared for his life. 
“I’m looking for the bitch that fucked my husband!” the woman shouted. Her name was Lindsay Meyer, wife of the late Dr. Meyer. “The one who was sending him dirty pictures, the one who was sucking his cock out on the gravel roads!”
Tom knew immediately that she was looking for Jackie who was crouched down off the stage on the other side of the room. The two officers had brought the print outs of the text photographs of Jackie with her fingers in her pussy. Her face was hard to make out, but the officers obviously told Mrs. Meyer that the woman in the picture worked at the bar. “You need to put the gun down, you shot an innocent woman!”
“Innocent? She’s a whore, just like all the women who work here! Having sex with married men!”
“This isn’t the time or the place for this,” Tom said. 
“No, this is the time and place. No whore is leaving alive!”
Tom needed to calm her down and get her out of the main room. “Can we talk somewhere?” Tom asked. 
“Where are the other whores? I saw one on the other stage when I came in.”
“They left,” Tom replied. “Nobody’s going to stick around to get shot.”
“Then I’ll wait.”
“For what?”
“I’ll wait until they come out, they I’ll kill them all,” Mrs. Meyer said. 
“The police are on their way, you have about three minutes.”
“I don’t care, I’m not leaving until all the whores are dead!”
Then the sounds of sirens could be heard from outside getting louder and louder. “See, I told you,” Tom said. 
Mrs. Meyer used her free hand and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. She flipped the paper until the sheet unfolded and looked at what it read. “This is a print out of the texts from the whore who sucked off my husband, my dead husband.”
Tom realized that now that she wanted to read from the paper, it would buy him some time. “What does it say?”
Mrs. Meyer glanced down at the sheet keeping an eye on the crowd. She kept her right hand raised with the gun pointed at the men closest to her. “It says, “I love the way your cum feels in my mouth, it is so hot. I can’t wait until we meet again and you blow your load down my throat.”
Tom listened as well as the rest of the men in the crowd who were being held against their will. “How do you know it was one of my girls that texted that?”
“The police told me, after I showed them the pictures I found.”
“What pictures?” Tom asked, he played dumb. 
“Pictures of the whore with her fingers in her pussy, the ones she sent my husband. He downloaded them and printed them out,” Mrs. Meyer replied. “Then I got a list of the last months texts from the phone company. The number belongs to Jackie Bradley, and the police said she works here!”
“Why would the cops tell you that? That’s privileged information.”
“Maybe because I’m a doctor’s wife, and they treat me different, not like you scum of the Earth!, Now where is this Jackie Bradley?”
Just then there was a knock on the door. Normally customers don’t knock so everyone knew it was the police. 
“They need to get the paramedics in here!” Tom shouted. “You shot Sandy three times!”
“Fuck her, she deserves to die,” Mrs. Meyer said cold. “Women like that have no use.”
Tom knew Sandy was a very unpopular person, but no one deserved to die. “You have seven, maybe nine shots in that gun at most, you used three and that leaves six. There are at least thirty people in this bar and none of the dancers are left. They all took off. What are you going to do now?”
Mrs. Meyer knew Tom was right, she had done about as much damage as she could. She didn’t know if the stripper she shot was the one who sucked off her husband, and was frustrated and upset. She had three options, shoot up the place until her gun was out of bullets, give up or shoot herself. Realizing she had little option left, she began to cry but kept the gun pointed at the crowd. “It’s not fair, my husband is dead,” she sobbed. 
“I can’t do anything about that now, put the gun on the floor and let the paramedics to their job.”
Mrs. Meyer was at her wits end, but she realized she had one last chance to maybe get what she wanted. She didn’t know the name of the stripper she had shot, but she did notice she was still breathing, so she stepped over to the stage where Sandy was bleeding out and put the rest of the bullets into her body. If she couldn’t kill them all, she was at least going to make sure she killed one. 
Then the door burst open and two police officers stormed in taking Mrs. Meyer to the ground. The crowd erupted and people scattered in all directions trying to get away from the police. No one wanted to get shot on accident. 
In the basement, Rick stood guard over the two FDA agents tied up to be bled out for blood drinks. Bob decided to keep them around until Friday when they could be freshly drained and served to the regular Friday night crowd. This gave Bob time to change out the cooler and buy some materials to make a homemade blood filter. 
“What was that?” Rick asked out loud. 
“Sounded like gunshots,” Bob replied. 
“You gonna go check on it?”
“No, Tom can take care of it, I have to get these going first,” Bob replied. 
“If there are people shooting upstairs, there won’t be any point in bleeding these two out,” Rick said. 
“If there’s shooting going on, I need these two dead. The last thing I need is them telling a story to the cops.”
“Then stab them, fuck bleeding them out.”
Bob shook his head and continued with putting the filter together. He bought a five gallon bucket with a spigot at the bottom and a bag of activated charcoal. He figured the charcoal would remove any impurities and prevent the same reaction he had from Dr. Meyer’s unfiltered blood. “Are either of you on any sort of medications?” Bob asked. 
“Fuck you,” Miller replied. 
“Yeah, I’m on all sorts of shit,” Thompson replied. “Pain killers, stuff for my heart, stuff for my kidneys, you name it, I’m on it.”
“Are you serious?” Bob asked. 
“Call my pharmacist,” Thompson replied. He was lying, he wasn’t on anything, he just wanted to piss off Bob and maybe buy some time. “My blood tastes like three day old piss.”
“Maybe I’ll slit your throat then, be faster than bleeding you out.” 
Thompson now realized his comments may have backfired. 
Rick spoke up. “This is a monumental waste of time, kill them and let’s go.”
“No,” Bob replied. “I’ve gone this far and I’m going to finish. It’s probably two assholes in a fight anyway. Nothing to worry about. Go check.”
“Won’t you need help getting the IV needles in them?” Rick asked. 
Bob shook his head, “Yes, grab an IV set and some tubing.”
“How are you going to do this?” Rick asked. “They have to be higher that the bucket. Tony’s not here and you’re not strong enough to lift them.”
“You’re a vampire, don’t you have super human strength?” Bob asked. 
“I’m stronger than you, but I can’t lift this guy up for as long as it will take to bleed him out, plus he’s going to fight back,” Rick said. “We need to get him up high and tie him down like we did Dr. Meyer.”
“Do you have any suggestions?” Bob asked. 
Miller spoke up, “Yeah, you can let us go.”
“I have a suggestion, screw the IV, it will take too long anyway. Maybe I can hang them from a rope and you can bleed them from the feet into the bucket,” Rick said. 
“How do we keep them from kicking and spraying blood all over the room?” Bob asked. 
“How were you going to do it with the IV? Either way it would have been a difficult mess.”
Bob realized he didn’t think this through well enough. “We could knock them out, or bash their heads in and kill them. We don’t need them alive to take their blood. Gravity will do that for us.”
Thompson spoke up, “Before you bash our heads in, can we discuss a deal?”
“I need your blood, what kind of deal can you make?” Bob asked. 
“I’m a FDA agent, I can get you all the blood you want.”
“Right, and as soon as I let you go you run to the cops, what assurances do I have? None.”
“I know what you’re saying, but trust me,” Thompson said. 
“Trust you? You were blackmailing me a few days ago, and now I’m supposed to trust you.” Bob said cold. “I can empathize with your situation, and if I were in your position, I’d do the same thing. But at this point, letting you go will only make this worse for me. Unless you have some fool proof plan, your time’s up.”
“I do have a plan,” Thompson said. “First of all, kill Miller, she’s worthless.”
Shocked, Miller spoke up, “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“She’s baggage, and it was her idea to extort from you, not me. I tried to talk her out of it.”
“You fucking liar!” Miller shouted. “It was both our ideas. This isn’t the first time we’ve done this you know.”
“Don’t listen to her, she’s a female, all emotional. I can help you run you blood business, we can be partners,” Thompson said. “I have connections.”
“Sounds like she’s the one I should be partners with, if this was her idea,” Bob replied. 
“It was her idea to steal from you, it’s my idea to help you make money, there is a difference,” Thompson said. 
Miller spoke up, “Don’t listen to him, he’s going to fuck you over the first chance he gets. He has no connections, everyone at the agency hates him. He’s a worthless pathetic fuck! I’m the one with the connections.”
Bob stood there listening to the two FDA agents bargain for their lives turning against each other. “I don’t really need a partner,” Bob said. 
“Yes you do,” Miller replied. “If you’re going to pull off an illegal blood operation, you need to have connections in the agency, or else they will be back again. And the next time it might not work out as well for you.”
Bob now realized Miller was right, but which agent was the best for him to keep, which one could he trust. “I see your point, but I don’t know which of you the better choice is. You both are snakes.”
Rick spoke up, “I think you’re right, you should have a connection to the FDA, and I think I know how you should pick.’
“How?” Bob asked. 
“Let them decide,” Rick replied. 
“What do you mean?”
“Let them go at each other, the one that survives gets the job.”
“And how do we do that?”
“That’s easy, I’ll be right back,” Rick said, and he left the room. 

Chapter 14
From the dead

The next afternoon Bob had most of the mess cleaned up from the shooting. The side stage was cleared of broken glass, the glass that remained was removed and the stage was mopped of Sandy’s blood. Bob got down on his hands and knees and picked up little shards that his vacuum missed or were stuck to the floor by the blood that sprayed in all directions. Then his phone lit up with a text message. It was Julie asking for another meeting. 
Bob replied that he was busy trying to get the club open after a traumatic event, but Julie was adamant that she meet with him, so he buckled under and made an appointment with her at three. Bob was determined to open the bar today even though it was a crime scene. The crime scene examiners had made measurements, took, a crap load of photos and interviewed everyone they could find who witnessed the shooting. 
Mrs. Meyer now spent time down at the city jail awaiting her bond hearing and Bob had convinced all his strippers to show up for work. On his list to do today was to find a contractor to replace the broken glass from the side stage and replace the flooring as well. Bob didn’t know how deep the blood soaking into the old floor and decided to take it out. 
“How’s it going?” Tom asked as he came up from behind. 
“It’s going,” Bob replied. “I’m going to need your help later with my problem in the basement.”
Tom looked around to make sure no one was listening. Except for a dancer on the main stage, there was only one customer in the room and he was sitting with his feet up on the stage reclining in a chair. “Yeah, I heard you got two more, what are you planning to do with them?”
“I was going to bleed one out last night and sell the blood, but you can see how that turned out,” Bob replied. “Oh, can you do me a favor and go down and pick me up a new cooler?”
“What’s wrong with the one you have?” Tom asked. 
“It’s not up to code, I have to have the right one in place before they send down two more FDA agents.”
“When do you need it?”
“Today if you can get it,” Bob replied. 
“It’s Saturday, are you sure you can get one on a weekend?”
“I want you to call and find out. I need to have it as soon as possible,” Bob replied. “And then I need the old one taken out and disposed of, if you know what I mean.”
“So what about the two in the basement?” Tom asked. “You should still have a pretty good crowd tonight, it’s Saturday.”
“Unless the shooting scares everyone away.”
“I bet they pack the place just to see what happened. Don’t fix that stage too quick, it might become a huge draw to the bar,” Tom said. 
“Yeah, so you think I should bleed one of them out anyway?” Bob asked. 
“Fuck, bleed them both.”
“I did buy stuff to make a blood filter, if I do it right, I could come up with about five gallons of blood,” Bob said. 
“Hell, you could run a special,” Tom joked. 
“Yeah, but they’re saying I should let one of them live and use them as an inside agent. They say without their help, I’ll get busted eventually.”
“If you let one live, you’ll end up in prison. The first thing they will do is run to the cops.”
“Maybe, maybe not, they were trying to extort me. If they were willing to do that, maybe they’ll do what they say,” Bob replied. 
“For what? Unless they get something out of it, they will turn you in. Did they try to make a bargain?”
“No,” Bob replied. 
“Then fuck them, they tried to screw you, screw them back,” Tom said. 

Three o’clock arrived and Julie stepped into Bob’s office. He dreaded this meeting and still had no intent on selling the bar to her so she could make an art gallery out of his life’s work. 
“Come on in Julie,” Bob said. He tried to act like he was happy to see her. 
Julie sat down in the chair on opposite the desk and smiled. She didn’t look like she had something special on her mind. “Hi Bob, I have something new that may interest you.”
“What’s that? I still don’t plan to sell my bar to you.”
Julie reached into her bag and pulled out a man’s wallet. She tossed it on the desk and looked at Bob’s eyes. 
“I have a wallet,” Bob replied. 
“It’s not for you,” Julie replied. 
Bob picked up the wallet and looked inside. To his shock and horror he found a debit card with Dr. Meyer’s name on it, then an insurance card, and then a social security card. “Where did you get this?” Bob asked. 
“From you henchman Tony,” Julie replied. “He kept it before he and Rick tossed Dr. Meyer’s body into the river.”
“Where’s Tony?” Bob asked. 
“The fucker tried to rape me, so I tore him apart and tossed him in the dumpster two days ago,” Julie replied. 
“How could you tear him apart? He’s a vampire,” Bob said. 
Julie smiled and showed Bob her fangs. “So am I,” Julie replied. 
Realizing he was fucked, Bob’s heart began to pound and his breathing rate increased. He knew his secret was out and that Julie had a huge advantage over him. “I suppose you’re going to use this to get me to sell the bar?” Bob asked. 
“That’s right, and I’m only offering thirty thousand this time, to make it look legal,” Julie replied. 
Bob had no recourse, it was either give in to Julie or go to jail. But then he realized she had given him the wallet. He also realized Julie wasn’t a stupid woman. “Why did you give me the wallet? What did you keep?”
“I kept the driver’s license back at my shop, as well as a few other cards. You didn’t think I’d bring everything did you?” Julie asked. 
Now Bob was dealing with a woman who could blackmail him into selling his bar for practically nothing, and two FDA agents in the basement that he had to kill and bleed before it got busy tonight. He dug himself in deeper and deeper. The only option he had at this point was to take Julie out of the picture and that wouldn’t be easy. “How long do I have?” Bob asked. 
“How long do you need?” Julie asked. 
“I need ninety days to get my financials in order. If I sold it to you to soon, people would ask why. Fuck, they’d ask why anyway.”
“You’re old Bob, they’d assume you’re retiring,” Julie said. 
“Yeah, but they’d know I’d want the bar to go on, not become some stupid art gallery. Who goes to art galleries anyway? Art fags?”
“That’s not for you to worry about, I’ll give you the ninety days, and then both our problems are solved. You get to move to Florida and I get to expand my business,” Julie said. 
Just then a scream was heard from the bar. Julie turned her head to look out the door but couldn’t see anything. Then a crashing sound as chairs were overturned and tables upset. 
“What the fuck is that?” Bob asked. He stood up and walked around the desk, past Julie to the doorway to the bar area. What he saw made his jaw drop. 
“What is it?” Julie asked. She stepped up behind Bob and tried to look around him. 
What they saw was Dr. Meyer as he walked like a zombie though the bar area pushing over chairs and tables; like he was looking for something. He was white, almost snow white with the color drained from his eyes. He looked confused and sported a set of fangs that hung past his bottom lip. 
“Holy shit,” Bob said. “What’s he doing here? And how’s he alive?”
“He’s a vampire,” Julie said. “How did that happen?”
Bob then realized that it was Tony and Rick that took Dr. Meyer to the river to dispose of his body. If either of them would have taken a last minute drink before tossing his body, they would have caused Dr. Meyer to change into a vampire. There could be no other logical explanation. But how did he get away from the morgue? “Somebody turned him,” Bob said. 
“No shit,” Julie replied. “But who?”
“Whoever was responsible for his disappearance,” Bob replied. 
“Ok, but what’s he doing here?”
“Fuck I don’t know, maybe he likes strippers,” Bob replied. 
“What are you going to do?” 
“Call the cops I guess, he’s not hurting anyone, just tossing my furniture around.” Bob was at his wits end. Now he that to contend with. If Dr. Meyer could speak, he could turn Bob in for attempted murder. Bob didn’t want to call the cops, he wanted to dispose of the vampire who was making a mess of his bar. But he couldn’t do anything with Julie looking over his shoulder. “You better go,” Bob said. 
“Why?” Julie asked. “And miss all the action?”
“This is a dangerous situation and I don’t want you getting hurt. I don’t want my insurance rates going up if you're injured.”
Bob could care less if Julie got injured, he just needed a reason to get rid of her. 
“No, I’m staying,” Julie replied. 
“You don’t own the bar yet, I want you to leave,” Bob said sternly. 
Julie was taken aback by Bob’s attitude. “Fine, I’ll go.”
“I’ll escort you to the front door,” Bob said. 
“No thanks, I’m a big girl, and a vampire, I can find my own way out,” Julie said as she stomped past Bob towards the door. 
Dr. Meyer took notice of Julie as she walked from the office, past the bar towards the door. He didn’t seem to care and went back to tossing chairs and tables. By now the dancer and single patron had left the room leaving Bob to contend with Dr. Meyer. What to do? Did Dr. Meyer speak? Could Bob reason with a three day old waterlogged vampire? 
“Dr. Meyer!” Bob yelled across the bar. 
Immediately Dr. Meyer took notice when he heard his name. 
“Will you please stop tossing my tables and chairs around?” Bob asked.
Dr. Meyer let go of the table he was about to turn over and faced Bob. 
“What are you doing here?” Bob asked. 
“I came to have a talk with you, and your bartender,” Dr. Meyer replied. He seemed very lucid, not like someone who had been drowned in a river. 
“My bartender will be in at three, what do you want to talk about?”
“You owe me,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“I’m sure you think I do.”
“You will pay for what you made me, what you did to my family.”
“You did that to yourself,” Bob replied. “And your wife didn’t help.”
“What do you mean, my wife?”
“She came in last night and shot the place up, she’s down at the city jail right now. Maybe you should be there instead of here.”
Dr. Meyer looked around and saw the stage with the missing glass panel. 
“Yeah, she did that,” Bob said. “She also shot and killed Sandy.”
“Who’s Sandy?”
“One of my girls.”
Dr. Meyer looked confused for a moment, then sad. “You brought this onto me and my family.”
“From what I understand, you were getting blow jobs from my bartender’s wife. Don’t act all so innocent.”
“I made a mistake, but I didn’t deserve what you did to me. Now look what I’ve become!” Dr. Meyer yelled. 
“I don’t know what to tell you, but I do know you can’t stay here. I’ll call the cops and have them take you out of here. From the looks of things, you have a second chance. Most people don’t get that.”
“Call the cops, I’ll tell them what you did. I’ll tell them everything.”
“Fuck, the way my day’s going, it couldn’t get much worse,” Bob replied. 

Chapter 15
Hardware

Dr. Meyer wretched and gagged as he spat up some green vomit onto the bar. Bob made a face like he had just sucked on a lemon looking at what looked like antifreeze dripping down Dr. Meyer’s chin. 
“What the fuck is that?” Bob asked. 
“I’m sick, I spent three days in the river,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“You need to get the fuck out of here before you make everyone else sick.”
“I have nowhere to go, I still have business to take care of here.”
“No, you need to leave, or I’ll make you leave,” Bob stated. 
“I’ll come back.”
Realizing he was at an impasse, Bob tried to think of another way to solve his dilemma. Then he watched as Dr. Meyer buckled and dropped to the floor. Lying on his back, Dr. Meyer went into spasms and wretched up more green vomit that flowed out of his mouth, down his cheeks and into the carpet. “Will you stop that?” Bob yelled. 
Dr. Meyer continued to seizure putting Bob into a panic. He had no idea what to do with this sick vampire that was making more of a mess each minute. He needed help. “Tom!” Bob yelled. 
“What?” Tom replied as he stepped in from the staircase.
“I need your help,” Bob replied. 
Tom stepped around the bar and almost tripped over Dr. Meyer who was now jerking uncontrollably on the floor in front of the bar. “Holy shit, where did he come from?”
“The morgue I assume, he just showed up a few minutes ago,” Bob replied. 
“I thought he was dead.”
“He is, sort of. Either Tony or Rick turned him before they tossed him in the river. Now he has some river disease and is puking all over my carpet.”
“Did he say anything to you?” Tom asked. 
“He said something about making me pay for what I did to him and his wife. Hey, we better lock this place up before anyone else comes. Go behind the bar, there’s a sharpie and a notepad. Put up a sign on the front door saying “closed for repairs” and lock it.”
“It’s Saturday, that’s your best day. And you’re planning to bleed out those two FDA agents, remember?” Tom asked. 
“Put, “Closed till seven” on the sign. We should be able to take care of this mess by then.”
Tom made the sign and put it on the front door, he locked the door and came back. He saw that Dr. Meyer was no longer convulsing, he was calm but still alive. “What should we do with him?” Tom asked. 
“We need to kill him and dispose of the body, permanently,” Bob replied. 
“We need a saw, or we need to burn the body, that’s the only way to make sure. Do you have a saw?”
“Not big enough to take off his head.”
“How about a butcher knife?” Tom asked. 
“This is a bar, not a restaurant. We need to load him up in the van and go to the hardware store.”
“The van? When’s the last time you ran that thing?” Tom asked. 
“Two years ago,” Bob replied. The van used to be used to haul liquor from the distributor but since they started delivering, the van sat in the alley behind the bar. “I do have some bungee cords in the back we can use to tie up his hands and feet.”

Once Dr. Meyer was restrained and gagged, Bob and Tom dragged him to the back door of the Blood Bar and loaded him into the back of the van. They shut the door to the van and then the door to the bar. 
“That shit stinks,” Tom said. 
“The van or Dr. Meyer?” Bob asked. 
“Both,” Tom replied. “What are we going to do with the body once we cut off his head?”
“Dump the body out in the woods, or maybe back in the river,” Bob replied, then he had an idea. “I have a better place.”
“Where?”
“In Julie’s wine and cheese shop.”
“I know you hate that bitch, but how do you plan to drag a body into her shop?” Tom asked. 
“Through the back door,” Bob replied. 
“I’m sure she keeps the back door locked.”
“I’m sure she does too, that’s where you come in.”
“Explain.”
“You go in her shop, and get her to open the back door,” Bob replied. 
“Do you want me to ask her to help drag the body in as well?”
“Let me think,” Bob said. “How about this. We both go in, you go first, distract her and I’ll go in and open the back door.”
“What if it takes a key?” Tom asked. 
“Fuck!” Bob yelled. “Let’s get to the hardware store first, we can think about this on the way.”
Tom ran around and got in the passenger seat, Bob got in the driver’s seat and put in the key. 
“When was the last time this thing ran?” Tom asked. 
“Two years ago,” Bob replied. 
“I hope the battery is good.”
Bob turned the key and the van tried to start but wouldn’t catch all the way. He tried it again and the same result. 
“Don’t run down the battery,” Tom said. 
“It will start,” Bob replied. Taking a deep breath, Bob turned the key and pressed on the gas. This time the starter spun and the engine came to life. “Fuck yeah,” Bob said. He put the van in drive and moved it into the alley heading towards the street. On the way they passed the back door of Julie’s shop and Bob took a look. Both men saw that the door was firmly closed and bordered on the right by a large dumpster. 
“Do you think we could break in the back door?” Tom asked. 
“Probably, but that would defeat the purpose of putting the body in her shop. I want them to think she stole the body from the morgue and was storing it in her shop. If we break in, they will still be looking for someone.”
“Don’t they know he’s a vampire?” Tom asked. 
“Obviously not, or they would have tied him down better.”
“How did they miss the fangs? I mean, don’t they have a medical examiner?”
“I have no idea how it works. That’s all TV bullshit. Don’t believe everything you see on CSI,” Bob replied. 
Bob drove the van onto the street and headed to the hardware store. In the back of the van, Dr. Meyer squirmed but couldn’t get out of his bindings. 
“Maybe we should just take him out and burn him,” Tom said. 
“No, stick with the plan, I can take out Dr. Meyer and Julie at the same time.”
Just then both men heard a siren from behind. Bob looked in his side mirror and saw a city cop following them with its lights on. “What the fuck?” Bob asked. 
“What did you do?” Tom asked in a panic. 
“I didn’t do anything. I wasn’t speeding.”
Tom pulled over to the side of the street and put the van in park. He dug through his glove box looking for his registration and found it in an old envelope. Once he had the registration, he pulled out his wallet and fished out his driver’s license. By this time the police officer was at his window. 
“Hello officer, what can I do for you?” Bob asked. 
“May I see your driver’s license, registration and proof of insurance?”
Just then Bob realized he hadn’t had insurance on the van for over a year. “I don’t have my insurance card,” Bob said as he handed the police officer the registration and driver’s license. 
“Does this van belong to you?” the officer asked. 
“Yes, it’s my company van.”
“The reason why I pulled you over is because your tags are expired. By two years,” the officer said. “I can write you a fix it ticket for that, but not having proof of insurance will be a fine and a ticket. What’s that smell?” the officer asked. 
Surprised at the comment, Bob scrambled for an answer. “It’s a sewer snake. I had problems with my plumbing and borrowed it from a plumber friend,” Bob replied. He was nervous and started to sweat. 
“That doesn’t smell like sewer,” the officer said. 
Bob took a sniff of the air and nodded his head. “Smells like sewer to me.”
“I’ll be back,” the officer said and walked to his patrol car to write out the ticket and the warning ticket. 
“What the fuck Bob, he’s going to bust our asses!” Tom said. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not against the law to have a smelly van, we’ll be alright.”
“What if he wants to do a search?”
“He can’t search without probable cause. What’s he looking for? It’s not against the law to stink,” Bob said. 
“It is if it smells like a decomposing body!”
“It smells like infected vomit, I don’t smell decomposing anything. “Calm down and shut up.”
Tom turned around and looked at Dr. Meyer who was bending and twisting. His gag was still in place but he was making moaning sounds. “Shut up,” Tom said. Dr. Meyer ignored his request. 
“We’re fucked, the son of a bitch won’t keep its mouth shut,” Tom said. 
“Be quiet, the cop’s coming back.” Tom sat quiet as the police officer returned to the van with the paperwork. 
“You need to sign this ticket, the other one will be signed by an officer once you get your new tags. If you want to protest the proof of insurance, you can take this to court, otherwise pay the fine and stop down at the station with your new card.”
Bob signed the ticket and took the paperwork from the officer. “Thank you,” Bob said with a smile like he enjoyed getting tickets. 
“Have a nice day,” the officer replied as he turned to walk back to his car. 
Tom took a deep breath and waited for the officer to get some distance between them. “That was close,” Tom said. 
“I know, let’s get to the hardware store.”
In the parking lot of the hardware store, Bob waited for Tom to return with a saw large enough to separate Dr. Meyer’s head from his body. After twenty minutes, Tom returned with a branch saw with a jagged foot and a half cutting blade. The saw was designed to cut broad strokes in wood, not delicate muscle and bone. 
“Let me see that,” Bob said grabbing the saw from Tom. “We can’t use this, it’ll make a huge bloody mess.”
“He has no blood, don’t worry about it,” Tom replied. 
“You should have got a small toothed finishing saw.”
“Take it back, I don’t care. I can wait.”
“No, I don’t have all day,” Bob replied. “I’ll hold him down while you do the cutting.”
“Fuck that,” Tom said. “I’m not cutting off anyone’s head, vampire or not.”
“Stop being such an asshole, can’t you do anything I ask?”
“I’m your bartender, not a butcher,” Tom replied. 
“You didn’t have any problem screwing him to the rafters and draining him before, now why all of a sudden are you such a pussy?” Bob asked. 
“Fine, I’ll do it, but not here in the parking lot.”
Bob put the van into drive and took off across the lot towards the highway. “I’ll find a spot out in the country. It’s shouldn’t take long to cut off his head.”
“I said fine, now let’s get this over.” Tom replied. He was pissed that all his plans were going to hell. 

Chapter 16
Self-serve

Jackie got out of her car and walked up to the front door of the Blood Bar. She saw a hand written sign on the door saying closed until seven o’clock. She knew they were cleaning up the place from the shoot out the night before, but Tom told her they would be done by three. She tried the door and it was locked, then she heard a familiar voice call out from behind her. It was Brenda, one of the strippers she worked with. She didn’t know Brenda well, but they were friends enough they got along well at work. 
“What’s going on?” Brenda asked. “Is the door locked?”
“Yes, the note says until seven,” Jackie replied. 
“I’m actually surprised they were going to open today, it was a bloody mess.”
“Got to earn a paycheck,” Jackie said. “Guess I’ll go home until seven.”
“Wait, would you mind doing me a favor?” Brenda asked. 
“What is it?”
“I’m really embarrassed to say, but I’m pregnant.”
“Pregnant? What’s embarrassing about that?” Jackie asked. 
“It’s Bob’s.”
“Oh, I see,” Jackie replied. “How long have you been pregnant?”
“About twelve weeks now.”
“Ok, so what favor can I do for you?” Jackie asked. 
“I need someone to go with me to the abortion clinic,” Brenda replied. 
“It’s self-serve, you don’t need anyone to go with you.”
“For emotional support, it’s just two doors down, next to the wine and cheese shop.”
“I know where it is, I drive past it every day,” Jackie said. “I suppose I could go with you.”
“Thanks, we have four hours until the Blood Bar opens, I think it shouldn’t take more than forty five minutes to get my abortion done.”
“Alright, let’s go,” Jackie said and the two women walked from the Blood Bar to “Al’s self-serve abortion clinic” two doors down. Once inside, the women were greeted by a clerk at the counter who handed the women clipboards with papers to fill out. “No thanks,” Jackie said, I’m here for her,” and handed her clipboard back. 
Brenda found a seat and filled out the paper. It asked how old she was, how far along the pregnancy was and other medical questions. She finished the forms and handed them back to the clerk who then led both women to a booth with a large machine to one side. The room was filled with booths with similar machines ready to perform at any time. 
The young female clerk spoke up and read from a sheet of paper. “You’ll need to undress from the waist down and lie back on the recliner with your legs spread. Place your heels in the stirrups supplied and rest your head back. Once the machine is activated, follow all commands until the procedure is finished. Do you understand?” the clerk asked. 
Brenda nodded her head. 
“Please sign here,” the clerk said and handed Brenda a consent form. “Once you are in position, press the green button and the procedure will start.”
Brenda signed the form and the clerk left. She removed her clothes from the waist down as the clerk said and laid back on the recliner. 
Jackie sat down in a chair and made sure the door was secure. She didn’t want anyone to walk in on them. “Are you sure you want to do this?” Jackie asked. 
“Oh fuck yeah, last thing I need is a kid,” Brenda replied. 
“Does insurance cover this?”
“Bob doesn’t give us insurance, this is out of my pocket.”
“How much?”
“Three hundred and fifty dollars,” Brenda replied. 
“That’s not too bad,” Jackie said. “Are you ready for this?”
“I suppose,” Brenda replied. She pressed the green button and took a deep breath. The machine lit up and made a humming sound as a probe moved towards Brenda aimed between her legs. The probe was about the width of tennis racket handle with odd looking mechanisms on the end. It looked scary as hell, but Brenda was confident there would be no problems. 
The probe came in and stopped at the outer labia and spread her apart so it could enter. Once inside Brenda felt pressure but no pain. The machine moved around inside her tugging and pulling creating a vacuum that was a bit irritating. Then she felt a sharp pain and yelled out. 
“What’s wrong?” Jackie asked. She was scared something horrible was wrong.
“I don’t know, stop the machine!” Brenda yelled. 
“How? There isn’t a stop button!”
“Get that girl, quick, it’s stabbing me!”
Jackie got up and pushed the door open. She ran over to the clerk and yelled, “Get over here! Somethings wrong!”
The girl stood up and ran around the counter. “I have to call my manager!” She yelled. 
“Your manager, she needs help now!”
“I don’t know how to turn the machines off, this never happened before,” the clerk yelled back. She ran back around the counter and picked up the phone. Jackie stood there helpless listening to Brenda scream in pain. Jackie looked over and saw blood on the floor spreading under the divider wall and knew she was going to die. 
“Help!” Brenda yelled. 
Jackie panicked and ran back to the cubical. When she got back inside, she slipped on the blood and fell to the floor landing on her left side. She didn’t want to put her hand down on the floor to brace herself because of all the blood around her, but she had to in order to get back on her feet. When she stood up, she saw that her left side was blood stained and that section of floor she fell on was now devoid of blood. Brenda was still in pain but less vocal, it was as if she could no longer tolerate the agony and was now starting to pass out.  
“Call 911!” Jackie yelled from the booth. 
From the desk, Jackie heard the clerk yell back, “I can’t get my boss on the phone and we only have one line. I have to keep it open in case he calls.”
Jackie reached in her pocket to call 911 and found her phone cracked and dark. She pressed the buttons but nothing happened. The phone broke in the fall. Pissed, she shook her head in disgust and left Brenda behind in the booth. “Get on that fucking phone and call 911!” Jackie yelled as she approached the desk. 
The clerk, now scared for her life, picked up the phone and called 911 like Jackie told her. Now that Jackie knew the ambulance was on the way, she felt better and calmed down as much as she could realizing her coworker was bleeding out in a recliner thirty feet away and she couldn’t do a damn thing about it. 
“They’re on the way,” the clerk said. 
“Is there a breaker box?” Jackie asked. 
“I don’t know.”
“Do you have something that tells you what to do in case of an emergency?” 
The clerk dug under the desk and pulled out a file folder. She dug through the files until she found a sheet labeled, “Emergency procedures.”
“Give me that you stupid cunt!” Jackie snapped. She took the paper and read it. The sheet dealt with fires, tornadoes and winter storms. “This has nothing to do with the machines, keep looking!”
The clerk dug some more and after what seemed forever gave up. “I don’t see anything else,” the clerk said. 
By now Brenda was silent. The sounds of sirens rose in the air and Jackie knew help was on the way. The pool of blood on the floor was now three feet wide in all directions coming from under the cubicle wall. Jackie could still hear the machine grinding away and the sound made her sick to her stomach. 

It took twenty minutes for the emergency crew to cut the power to the abortion machine but Brenda was comatose and still alive. Concerned for her fellow dancer and friend, Jackie drove to the hospital to see for herself whether Brenda would make it or not. As she left, she noticed one of the employees at the clinic take the time to lap up the blood on the floor. She knew he was a vampire that would not let this meal go to waste. 
Once inside the hospital, Jackie walked to the Emergency Room. She knew that since she wasn’t family she wouldn’t be allowed any private information. But she had two hours before work and wanted to find out what she could from whoever would speak to her. Then she saw Dr. Page walk out of the Emergency Room with a white lab coat. She must have been on call from the clinic for emergency calls. Seeing a familiar face, Jackie decided to try to get as much information out of Dr. Page as she could. 
“Doctor! Dr. Page!” Jackie yelled across the room.
Dr. Page took notice and walked over to Jackie with a smile on her face. “How are you doing?” Dr. Page said with an enthusiastic grin. 
“I’m fine, I’m here to check on Brenda, the girl they brought in on the ambulance.”
“The abortion clinic case?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Yes.”
“I can’t tell you anything about that, you know the rules, you used to work at the clinic.”
“I know, but I thought maybe since you knew me you could tell me something,” Jackie said. 
Dr. Page thought for a second. “Maybe I could tell you what you want to know.”
“Good, how is she?” 
“If you give me what I want,” Dr. Page said cold. 
“What do you mean?”
“What I mean was I wasn’t finished with you. I still have plenty of things I want to try out.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Don’t be so dumb, you know what I’m talking about.”
“Is this about sex?” Jackie asked. 
“Of course it’s about sex,” Dr. Page replied. “Can you say it any louder? I don’t think X-ray heard you.” 
“I came here to see how my friend is doing, not to make another hook up with the town’s lesbian doctor,” Jackie snapped back. 
“You’re friend will be alright, she’s getting two units of whole blood,” Dr. Page replied. “Do you think I’m that cold?”
“You’re a whore,” Jackie said. She was more quiet yet determined in her voice. 
“I just saved your friend’s life. You could show me some respect.”
“What? By tonguing your crack?”
“Yes, and a few other things that I could think of,” Dr. Page said. 
“Sorry, I don’t do women, I only did that once for my husband. And then you stole his laptop and threw it in the river.” 
“I may have stolen it, but it isn’t in the river. I watch that video every night before I go to bed and masturbate to it. Fucking hot as hell. I can’t get you out of my mind.”
“I want the laptop back,” Jackie said. 
“Not until I transfer the video to my tablet and erase what’s on the hard drive.”
“When will that be?” Jackie asked. 
“I’m busy for the next month, maybe you could grease my wheels.”
“Speak English you fucking carpet muncher.”
“Exactly, you munch my carpet, and you might get the laptop back faster,” Dr. Page said. 
“I can’t believe what I’m hearing, I’m going to your boss!”
“Go ahead, what’s he going to do?”
“I’ll call the police, I’ll report you stole Tom’s laptop.”
“By the time you do, I will have tossed it in the river. You can’t win bitch. I’m the doctor, last I knew you were shaking your tits at some naked whore bar.”
“I make good money,” Jackie snapped back. 
“So do I, and I keep my clothes on.”
“Fine! Go to hell you cunt!” Jackie snapped and stormed off. 
“You might want to check up on your friend, I’m not so sure now how well she’s doing. I’d suggest calling me on my phone later.”
“I can’t, I broke it at the abortion clinic.”
“Stop at the phone store on your way home. If I don’t hear from you, I can’t guarantee your friend will make it.”

Chapter 17
Fire and wine

Bob had an idea, an idea that would fix two problems at the same time. His idea to frame Julie was a good start, but he could do better. “I think I know what we should do,” Bob said. 
“What?” Tom asked. 
“Do you have a lighter?”
“No, I vape now,” Tom replied. 
“Fuck, we need to stop at a gas station.”
“What do you need a lighter for?”
“There are only two ways to dispose of a vampire right? Cut off its head or burn it. I intend to burn Dr. Meyer, and Julie.”
“What the fuck?”
“Hear me out. If we dump Dr. Meyer’s decapitated body in Julie’s wine and cheese shop, she can deny she killed him and it could come back on us. But if we dump his body, kill her and then torch the place, they will assume Julie had something to do with it.”
“Does Julie even know Dr. Meyer? Why would he have come to her shop in the first place?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know, maybe because Dr. Meyer was a new vampire and needed a friend,” Bob replied. Bob pulled into a gas station and got out of the van. “I’ll be right back.”
Tom waited for Bob to return as he listened to the radio. It didn’t take long and Bob was back in the van headed back towards the wine and cheese shop. 
Tom wasn’t too sure about Bob’s plan and had a few more questions. “Do you plan to carry Dr. Meyer into the shop on Main Street in front of everyone?”
“I think so, most people don’t pay that much attention to what’s going on around them and getting Julie to give up the key to the back door would be difficult.”
“You’re going to have to confront her anyway, I mean she’s not going to let you pour gas on her and light her up,” Tom said. “You might as well take her keys and cut her head off. Then we can take Dr. Meyer in through the back.”
Bob thought about what Tom said. Maybe he was right, who knows who might walk past the van while they unloaded a half dead vampire into the wine and cheese shop. “Ok, I’ll go in and have a talk with Julie, you follow about five minutes later and bring the saw.”

Bob pulled up to the wine and cheese shop and got out of the van. He stepped up the curb and entered the shop looking for any sign of Julie. What he saw was a man at the end of the coffee bar setting up a PA system for a musical performance. Julie must have hired a guy for a show and now Bob had to find a way to get him out of the building. Then he saw Julie’s bleach blonde hair bobbing up and down behind a display of pretentious looking fancy candy that no sane human would buy. 
Tom stepped over to where Julie was working and made his presence known. “Hi Julie, you got a minute to talk?”
“Talk about what? Are you ready to sell me your bar? I don’t have your thirty five thousand on me,” Julie replied.
“I wanted to discuss something before I sell you the bar, can we talk in private?”
“Sure, we can go to my office.” Julie led Bob across the shop to her office and let him in. The office looked as snobbish as any other part of Julie. It was clean, but filled with fancy decorations that filled her desk and hung on her walls. 
“You really get into this stuff don’t you?” Bob asked. 
“Most of this I got on my vacation to Africa, some of it from France and a few I got from my two honeymoons in the Caribbean.”
“Tell me, how do you afford all those trips? I mean, do you sell that much shit here? I know its high priced, but most of the people in this town are redneck good old boy beer drinkers. Not coffee shop snobs.”
“I made a lot of money in my two divorces,” Julie replied. 
“Does it bother you that you don’t make anything? I mean that you get money from your parents and from you ex-husbands? This is all a dog and pony show. I’m surprised you work at all, I’d think you’d think it would be beneath you. I expect to see servants here, not you serving coffee.”
“One day I will have servants, my parents can’t live forever,” Julie replied. “When they die, I’ll inherit all their farmland and their bank accounts. I should be a multimillionaire by the time I’m sixty,” Julie replied. 
Bob knew Julie wouldn’t live forever. Under his plan, she wouldn’t live more than another hour. “What kind of life is that? Don’t you have any pride in yourself?”
“Look around Bob, I have the nicest wine and cheese shop in the state. I’m very proud,” Julie replied. 
“No, your parents do.”
“What’s your problem with me Bob? Why do you hate me so?”
“Maybe it’s because I built my club from the ground up. When I started the Blood Bar, back when you were still a child, the building was an empty shell. Everything you see in there I put there with the sweat of my brow.”
“You mean the sweat of thirty five years’ worth of nude women. You made you money off their backs, not yours. You run a filthy dirty business Bob. The money you made is as disgusting as the patrons that you call customers. I feel better about what I’ve done that what you have. You may have started with nothing, but as far as I’m concerned, you still have nothing.”
“What a fucking cunt,” Bob replied. 
Julie smiled and leaned back in her chair. “Maybe so, but this cunt will own your bar as soon as my parents cut me the check to pay for it. Then you can go live in a nursing home, or move to Florida or whatever retired dirty old men do these days.”
“So you admit you’re a pathetic piece of shit,” Bob stated. 
“What did you want that you had to speak to me in private about? This is getting old.”
Bob looked around Julie’s office to see if she had any camera’s mounted. “Do you record anything in here?”
“Yes, I have a camera in the smoke detector,” Julie replied. 
“I don’t want to discuss this if you’re recording.”
Julie pulled her keyboard close and typed a few keys. She moved her computer mouse and clicked a few more keys. She then swung her monitor around so Bob could see what she was doing. On the screen, Bob could see the video surveillance program with all the camera views in full color. “See the box with you and I? See the check mark in the off box?” Julie asked.
“Yes,” Bob replied. 
“That means the camera isn’t recording. Move your arms around and look at the box.”
Bob moved his arms around and didn’t see himself move. The picture was frozen.
“Are you satisfied?” Julie asked. 
Bob didn’t know if Julie was pulling a fast one or not. He’d rather be in a place where there were no cameras at all, but from what her screen shown, there were few places where the shop wasn’t being recorded. That made a huge problem though, how was he going to start a fire if the whole place was on digital video? “I’d rather you turn off the whole system,” Bob said.
“Why?” Julie asked. 
“I’d feel more comfortable.”
“What do you have to say that’s so important that I need to shut the whole thing off?”
“I can’t say until you do,” Bob replied. 
“I’m not sure I even know how to turn the system off, let me look.” Julie spun the monitor around, stuck her nose in the screen and clicked the mouse around. “This will take a while,” Julie added. While Julie was busy, Bob pulled out his phone and texted Tom who was waiting outside. He told Tom about the video and also about the musician setting up for the show. Tom texted back asking how they were going to clear the shop so they could set the fire. “I don’t know,” Bob texted back. 
“Ok, I got it,” Julie said. “The video recording system is off.”
Bob didn’t need to see the screen, he was confident Julie was telling the truth. 
“So what’s so fucking important?” Julie asked. 
Bob was shocked at Julie’s language. For such a snob, she was not acting like a lady. He expected her to show him her tattoos next. “Is that guy out there going to be here long?”
“Who? Jerry?”
“Does Jerry sing and play guitar?”
“Yes,” Julie replied. 
“Yeah, that’s him, how long is he going to be here?”
“I don’t know, maybe an hour. He’s putting on a show tonight.”
Bob pulled out his phone again and texted Tom, then he put his phone away.
“What’s going on Bob? What’s all the cloak and dagger shit?”
“I’m not selling you my bar,” Bob said. “As a matter of fact, you’re going out of business.”
Julie smiled and almost laughed. “Are you fucking kidding me? I have Dr. Meyer’s driver’s license locked up. One call to the cops and you’re done.”
“I know, and I can’t have you holding that over me.”
“Are you threatening me? Is that why you wanted the cameras off?”
“Julie, I work with some very unsavory people. I’ve done things that would make your skin crawl. I never say anything I’m not willing to do.”
“I’m calling the cops,” Julie said. 
“Hear me out first bitch. I’m going to tell you something and you need to hear it. You have Dr. Meyer’s driver’s license, and I assume Tony gave it to you. But did he tell you how he got it?”
“He said Dr. Meyer spent his last night alive in the basement of your bar,” Julie replied. 
“That’s right, and you still want to fuck with me? You got a lot of balls for a skinny bitch.”
Julie now realized that she was alone in her office with a man who just confessed to murdering Dr. Meyer. The only person within earshot was Jerry the musician who she didn’t even know was still in the shop. Bob had her just where he wanted her.
Then Tom showed up at the door holding a tree saw. “Are you ready?” Tom asked. 
“Ready for what?” Julie asked. She was terrified. 
“Let’s do it,” Bob said and both men rushed Julie. Bob grabbed the thin vampire by her bony shoulders and forced her to lie on her back on her desk. Pinning her head down, Tom took the tree saw and placed it on Julie’s neck and pressed down. Once the blade had a firm grip, he began to saw back and forth until Julie’s head separated from her body. 
Both men stood back and watched Julie’s frail body slide off the desk and land on the floor. Her head lie on its side as if it was looking at the decorations on the wall. 
Bob fished the lighter out of his pocket and found some papers on a shelf. He waded them up and lit them with the lighter waiting to make sure the flames would not go out. He found a trash can next to Julie’s desk and tossed a lit sheet of paper inside and watched the paper inside catch fire and grow. 
Satisfied they had enough fire, both men emerged from the office and yelled, “Fire!” towards the musician who was still messing with wires and speakers. “Get out, the shop is on fire!” Bob yelled again. “Did you bring in Dr. Meyer?” Bob asked. 
“Yes, I put him over by the art display,” Tom replied. 
“We need to put him in the office,” Bob said. 
Both men ran over to where Dr. Meyer lie on the cold tile floor. Bob took the doctor by the right arm and Tom by the left and together they dragged the cold, yet alive vampire to where the smoke was now pouring out of Julie's office. Once they were within ten feet they dropped Dr. Meyer on the carpeted section and ran away from the black smoke. 
“Good enough, get the fuck out!” Bob yelled and the two men ran to the front door. Once outside, the men got in the van and took off down the street past the Blood Bar and towards the edge of town. 
“Where are you going?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know, I’m freaked out right now,” Bob replied. 
“Go back to the bar, we can’t be seen driving around!”
Bob realized Tom was right and turned the van back towards the bar. “I can’t believe we did that,” Bob said. 
“Don’t worry about it, we did the right thing.”
“Oh, I’m not worried about killing the bitch, I just can’t believe it took so long.”
As the men drove back to the bar, they noticed several police vehicles parked in front of the self-serve abortion clinic. “What’s that all about?” Tom asked. 


Chapter 18
Survivor

“Is that a threat?” Jackie asked. “If I don’t do what you say Brenda could die?”
“Take it however you want,” Dr. Page replied. 
“How could you?”
“I know how to get what I want, and I want you tonight.”
“I couldn’t if I wanted too, I’m working at the bar till two in the morning.”
“I’ll stop by,” Dr. Page said. She walked off leaving Jackie in the hall. 

Nine thirty at the Blood Bar on a Saturday night and it’s packed with horny men and vampires looking to try out the new blood drink. Bob is worried he didn’t have enough in his new cooler for the demand and is not going to make the killing he expected. In the basement, the two FDA agents sat tied to their chairs awaiting their fate. A fate Bob hasn’t determined yet. 
Then someone walked in the front door of the bar, someone who only a few in the bar recognized. The person was Dr. Page, dressed in a low cut blouse, a high cut skirt and heels that rival those of the dancers. Immediately she made the men in the bar take notice as she walked between the crowded tables to a seat by the main stage. Up on stage was Krissy, doing her best to entertain the men in the club. 
Tom noticed Dr. Page from the bar and picked up his phone. He texted Jackie who was in the back getting ready to do her next set. She had done several sets tonight and was warmed up. Tom’s phone lit up and he read Jackie’s reply. She wasn’t happy that Dr. Page was there, but there wasn’t anything she could do about it.

The last song of Krissy’s set was done and Jackie made her way to the main stage as Krissy moved to the one remaining side stage. Jackie peered at the back of Dr. Pages head as she walked closer and in her mind she wanted to beat her to death for threatening Brenda like she did. Jackie hadn’t heard that Brenda was any worse or any better, just that she remained in the ICU. 
Once Jackie got to the stage, she stepped up the short stairs and grabbed some cleaning wipes. She quickly cleaned off the pole and signaled the dj to start her music. The dance music blared over the speakers and Jackie began her routine as she spun around the pole and stuck her backside out for the men to see. By now she knew what she was doing and wasn’t as shy as she used to be. But seeing Dr. Page as she sat in the front row, practically drooling over her, made her uneasy. Especially when Dr. Page pulled out a stack of one dollar bills to tip Jackie. 
Into her second song, Jackie left the pole and rolled around on the stage moving from customer to customer doing splits that showed off her money maker. She was good at showing off her pussy and was able to maximize her tips every time she did. Then she rolled in the direction of Dr. Page and realized she made a mistake. She was trying to avoid the doctor at all costs, but now she was face to face with the woman who was extorting her. Trying to be professional, Jackie leaned back on her butt and spread her legs so Dr. Page could get a good look at her pussy. Dr. Page’s eyes lit up and she tossed a dollar on the stage. Then another. Jackie spun around and leaned over to the doctor indicating she wanted to tell her something. 
Dr. Page leaned in and put her ear to her mouth. “Meet me at the bar after my set,” Jackie said. 
Dr. Page smiled and nodded her head. 

Once Jackie was done with the main stage, she moved to the side stage for three songs, then her set was done for about forty five minutes. Usually the girls who weren’t on stage roamed the crowd fishing for tips with private lap dances. Jackie had something else in mind. As she moved from the side stage to the bar, Jackie looked to Dr. Page and motioned for her to meet her at the bar. Dr. Page’s eyes were glued to Jackie the whole time, she was the only reason she came tonight. 
At the bar, Jackie met Dr. Page. Jackie said, “I have something special for you downstairs.”
“What is it?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Since I can’t give you what you want at home, I’ll give it to you here. We have a room set up downstairs for special occasions like this.”
Dr. Page agreed and followed Jackie behind the bar and to the stairs that led to the basement. They slowly made their way to the bottom and into the hallway to the door to the room where the FDA agents were being held. Jackie turned to Dr. Page and said, “In here.” Jackie opened the door and Dr. Page followed her inside. Jackie shut the door and to Dr. Page’s shock, she saw a man and a woman tied up sitting in chairs around an old wood table. 
“What’s going on?” Dr. Page asked. Her voice was now much louder than the muffled music coming from above. 
“Have a seat,” Jackie said as she pointed to an empty chair. 
“I’m not sitting down, I’m leaving!” 
Jackie stood quiet and didn’t reply. She was a bit nervous, but it was like she knew what was going to happen next and was waiting. Then the door opened and Bob entered the room. He was pissed. 
“Who are you?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Bob, I own this place. And you’re the doctor that’s threatening to kill one of my girls.” 
“Who told you that?” Dr. Page asked. 
"Jackie you dumb cunt, you’re pretty stupid for a doctor.”
“I never threatened anyone, that’s unethical.”
“I’ve never seen you in my bar before, I think I’d trust Jackie before I’d trust you. What are you going to do to Brenda if Jackie doesn’t put out like you threatened?” Bob asked. 
“I can’t do anything to her, she’s in the ICU. There are doctors and nurses all around, I couldn’t do anything to her if I tried.”
“So it was an idle threat. You played on Jackie’s ignorance to get your way. Nice. Now sit the fuck down,” Bob snapped. 
“I’m not going to sit down,” Dr. Page said. 
“I may be seventy five, but I can kick your skinny bitch into a chair. If not, I have three vampires who would do it for me in a second. Now, sit down.”
Dr. Page reluctantly sat down on one of the old wood chairs. “What are you going to do with me?”
“Shut up,” Bob replied. He looked at Jackie who was standing in the corner naked. “Can you hand me that twine?” Bob asked. 
Jackie handed Bob the twine. “Put your hands behind your back,” Bob said to Dr. Page. 
Dr. Page did as Bob commanded and Bob tied her hands behind the chair. He then scooted her up to the table. 
“Who are those two, and why aren’t they talking?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Two FDA agents, they thought they could extort me too. I think they’re being quiet because they’re afraid I’ll kill them both if they don’t. Isn’t that right?” Bob asked. 
Thompson nodded his head, Miller sat quiet. 
Once Dr. Page was at the table with Miller and Thompson, Bob pushed Millers chair so all three were evenly spaced. Hanging above the table was a single sixty watt bulb that dimly lit the room casting hard shadows against the walls. 
“Now,” Bob said. “We’re going to play a game. In this game, two of you will be winners and one of you will be a loser. The loser gets to be drained into that bucket over there and served to my customers tonight. I’ve very short on blood tonight and I don’t want to miss out.”
“A game?” Miller asked. “What kind of sick fuck are you?”
“I’m a businessman, plain and simple. I make my money off of tits, pussy, alcohol and blood. I have plenty of tits, pussy and alcohol, I’m short on blood,” Bob replied. “Now onto the game. Here are the rules, I need two of you to vote on who gets to bleed into the bucket. It will be two against one and you get to decide. I’ll give you a half hour to make your decision. And if you refuse to play along, I’ll have Rick beat the shit out all of you.”
“Who’s Rick?” Miller asked. 
“He’s the bouncer tonight, six four, two hundred and twenty pound vampire,” Bob replied. 
“So you want us to turn on each other?” Dr. Page asked. “I don’t even know these people. And it’s obvious they know each other so I know who’s going to be picked.”
“Maybe, maybe not, you have a half hour to save yourself,” Bob replied. 
“Till when? till the next time you decide to put three innocent people against each other to save their lives?”
“Innocent? Those two fuckers there tried to extort me for five thousand dollars. You told Jackie you’d let Brenda die if she didn’t let you fuck her again. I don’t see any innocent anything around here,” Bob said. “Now I’m going to leave and Jackie has to get back on stage. I’ll be back in about an hour for your decision. Have a nice evening, “Bob said and he left the room with Jackie locking the door as they left. 
Dr. Page looked at the two FDA agents and shook her head. “What the fuck did I get myself into?” Dr. Page asked. “I’d like to start by saying I think we should find a way out of here before he kills us all.”
“I’ve been here four days,” Thompson replied. “There is no way out.”
“There has to be,” Dr. Page replied. 
Miller spoke up, “I pick her.”
“Me? Why me? We haven’t even discussed this yet,” Dr. Page replied. “Why not pick him? We’re both women, why not pick the man? Are you two lovers?”
“No,” Miller replied. “But I know him, I don’t know you.”
Thompson broke in, “I pick Miller, and she’s a worthless cunt.”
Dr. Page smiled, “I like that, to the point, why is she a worthless cunt?”
“It’s a long story,” Thompson replied. 
“We have time,” Dr. Page replied. She knew if she could get either one to turn on the other she would be saved. 
“It has nothing to do with you, you wouldn’t understand,” Thompson replied. 
Miller spoke up, “Don’t do this, if you turn on me, she gets off. We have to stick together!”
“Why should I stick up for you?” Thompson asked. “You’ve done nothing but treat me like shit since we were assigned to each other.”
“No, I was doing my job!” Miller snapped. 
“You can do your job without being a bitch. You put me down all the time, treat me like I’m stupid and never listen to anything I say,” Thompson replied. 
Miller looked to Dr. Page. “I think you’re right, we women should stick together.”
“So you went from picking me to picking him?” Dr. Page asked. “I can live with that.”
“Hold on!” Thompson barked. He now realized he needed Miller on his side. “Maybe I was a bit harsh.”
Miller jumped in. “Sure, now that you're on the line, you’re all Mr. Nice guy. That’s not going to work, we already decided to pick you asshole.”
“Let’s pick the doctor, we don’t know her,” Thompson said. 
“I know you and I still pick you,” Miller said. 
Dr. Page reveled in the bickering. The more they turned against each other, the safer she was. She just needed to keep them fighting until Bob came back. “What’s he like?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Oh, don’t get me started. That fucker is a misogynist prick. He hates women. He can’t stand the fact that I work at the agency and don’t stay home washing clothes and baking bread. If he had his way, all women would be barefoot and pregnant. I think the son of a bitch thinks it’s the fifties! I know he thinks you shouldn’t be a doctor. Only men are doctors, right?”
Thompson shook his head, “I never said that. I have no idea where you get that idea.”
“I get it from you!,” Miller snapped. “You’re always making fun of the way I dress.”
“What’s wrong with the way you dress?” Dr. Page asked. 
“He says my leggings make me look like a hooker. Says my butt cheeks bounce around like some hoochie momma. Says no respectable woman would be caught dead wearing those,” Miller said. 
Dr. Page replied, “I have about five pair, I love wearing them. They make me look sexy as hell.”
Thompson knew he was fucked. The two women found a common bond in leggings and that sealed his fate. It was now a matter of waiting until Bob came back to bleed him into the bucket. 

Chapter 19
Yegor

Bob stood behind the bar with Tom helping take orders. It was a packed night at the bar and so far no vampires had ordered the blood drink. In ten minutes he was going to go downstairs and find out who lost the contest and start bleeding the loser into a bucket. Then Bob noticed a group enter the bar. A group of four customers he’d never seen before. They looked like college frat boys out for a good time. The rest of the regulars took notice as well and the room became tense. 
The young men walked over to the bar and squeezed in between the customers sitting on the stools trying to get Bob and Tom’s attention. Bob stepped over and greeted one of them. 
`“What can I get you?” Bob asked. 
“I want a blood frosty,” the man replied. 
“You a vampire?” 
The young man smiled and showed Bob his teeth. It wasn’t illegal to sell blood to non vampires, but Bob felt like asking anyway. “It will be about an hour before I can get some,” Bob replied. “Can I get you anything else in the mean time?”
“I’ll take a red beer,” the man replied. “I don’t want anyone to think I’m a pussy.”
“How about the rest of you?” Bob yelled over the music. 
The rest of the vampire group ordered red beers. 
Bob had one pint of blood in his new cooler, but he wanted to get fresh blood for the group. “Where are you boys from?” Bob asked. 
“Texas,” the man replied. “Drove up here for the blood drink.”
“Is it spring break or something?”
“No, just a regular weekend.”
Bob handed the men red beers and they looked around for seating. “Are there more chairs or a table? This place is packed.”
“It’s like this every weekend,” Bob replied. “And it’s going to get worse. I don’t have any extra seating, sorry. A table will open up eventually.”
The men walked away from the bar and roamed around the room looking for a spot to stand and watch the girls. Then Bob saw some pushing and shoving and man stood up from his chair and stuck his finger in the chest of the vampire that had spoken to him a minute ago. Bob hated bar fights so he rushed around the bar and ran over to the two as fast as he could. Before he got there, the irate customer shoved the vampire back and spilled his red beer on his shirt. 
“Hold on!” Bob yelled, but before he could do anything to stop the fight, the vampire shoved the customer back, and knocked him to the floor. “What’s going on here?” Bob yelled. 
The vampire replied, “That fucker don’t like vampires.”
Bob looked at the man on the floor, he didn’t recognize him as a regular. “Get up,” Bob said. The man stood and tried to shake off the embarrassment of being knocked to the ground by what looked like a kid. “We serve vampires here, you got it? If you don't’ like it, you can leave.” 
The customer tried to play it off like it was a joke, or a misunderstanding and took his seat. 
“What about my shirt?” the vampire asked. 
Bob replied, “I got a shirt, if you don’t mind my bar’s name on it.”
“No, that would be awesome,” the vampire replied. “Can I get three more for my friends?”
“You’re is free, the other three are ten dollars each,” Bob replied. Bob led the men back to the bar and found three shirts in the back room with the words “Blood Bar” on the front in red letters. Each were extra-large, that’s all he had left. Shirts in hand, he walked back into the bar and handed the vampire the shirts. The vampire handed Bob thirty dollars. “I’ll get your blood here in a minute,” Bob said. 
Getting Tom’s attention, Bob said to Tom, “I’m heading downstairs to get some blood. I’ll be back soon. I’m taking Rick with me.”
“Who’s going to watch the door?” Tom asked. “And I need help at the bar.”
“Do you know anyone here who could watch the door for a while?”
“You mean a customer?”
“Yes, a customer. You must have some friends here.”
“You can’t have a customer watching the door, what if he has to break up a fight and gets injured? You could get sued. You really need to hire a few more people since Tony’s gone. A few new girls would help as well.”
“Tell them they’re temp help, I can hire people on the spot, it’s not illegal,” Bob replied. “Hell, find a few girls while you’re at it.”
“I thought you auditioned all the new girls?”
“I’ll audition them later, if you want more help, get more help,” Bob said. “I need to get downstairs.” Bob waved and got Rick’s attention waving him over to the bar. “It will be fine.”

In the basement, Bob led Rick to the room where the doctor and the two FDA agents were battling to see who would not make it out alive. Bob went to unlock the door when he noticed the handle was broken and the door was slightly ajar. “What the fuck?” he asked out loud pulling on the door knob. Once the door was open, he could see the room was empty and the ties that bound his captives were lying on the floor. “Where are they?” Bob asked. 
“I don’t know,” Rick answered. “I didn’t see them upstairs.”
Then Bob remembered the tunnels that run under all the buildings on the block. It was an antiquated way of moving people and merchandise when the buildings were first built, but now most of the tunnel had doors placed between the buildings to keep people out.  Stepping around Rick, Bob left the room and walked over to the door to the tunnel. Since the Blood Bar was at the end of the block, there was only one door. It was open. 
“Fuck!” Bob yelled. “They got out!”
“Now what do we do?” Rick asked. 
“The cops will be here soon, we got to defend ourselves.”
“With what?”
Bob took off down the hallway and up the stairs to the back room of the bar. Once he and Rick were out of the basement, Bob ran over to a locked case and opened it. To Rick’s amazement and shock, he saw that the case was filled with guns, ammo, explosives and protective gear. It was as if Bob was expecting a war and had been preparing for it for years. 
“What are you going to do with this stuff?” Rick asked. 
Bob put on a protective vest and strapped on a bullet resistant helmet. “I’m not going to let them take me,” Bob replied. Once the protective gear was on, Bob strapped on a gun belt that held a holstered Glock pistol, and a hundred rounds of ammo. He then put on a belt over his shoulder that held an array of homemade explosive devices. Finally he grabbed an assault rifle from the case and shoved a handful of loaded clips into his pockets. 
“What about me?” Rick asked. 
“Grab what you can,” Bob replied. “I expect the cops to be here anytime. I’m heading to the crow’s nest.”
“Crow’s nest? What’s that?” Rick asked. 
“Never mind, it’s every man for himself,” Bob said and took off to the staircase that led upstairs to the apartments he rented out over the bar. At the top of the stairs, Bob entered a long hallway that led to three apartments. One apartment faced the street and had windows he could use to shoot from. This apartment was rented out to a ninety five year old vampire woman named Nonna, who rarely ever came out. 
At the door to the apartment, Bob banged on the door. He heard the lock click and saw the door slowly open. In a rush, Bob shoved the door and knocked the old woman to the floor. In a state of mania, Bob stepped over the woman and ran over to the window to see what he could outside. He pulled the shade back and peered around the glass as if a sniper were looking for him. 
“What is going on!” a man asked. He was pissed. 
Bob turned to see a well-dressed man sitting in a chair sipping something out of a coffee or tea cup. Sitting on the couch next to him were three proper women, all sitting next to each other with their legs crossed dressed like June Cleaver. They looked like something out of nineteen fifty five. 
“Who are you?” Bob asked. 
“My name is Yegor, these are my wives, Alina, Darya and Larisa. You know my grandmother, Nonna who you knocked to the floor.”
“Three wives? Who has three wives? Are you Mormon?” Bob asked. 
“No, I’m vampire,” Yegor replied. 
“Were you born in America?”
“No, I was born in Russia,” Yegor replied. 
“Is it legal to have three wives in Russia?”
“No,” Yegor replied. 
“Then explain how you think you have three wives?”
“I don’t need the state to recognize my marriages. I have three wives, that is all,” Yegor replied. 
“Nice, I bet you get a lot of pussy,” Bob said. His mind was off the police coming to get him as now he was fascinated with Yegor and his three wives. 
“My marriage is not based on sex,” Yegor replied. “My marriage is based on love.”
“Is that right?” Bob asked. He was looking at the three women sitting on the couch. 
Yegor spoke up, “Are you going to leave my mother on the floor? She is ninety five years old.”
Bob stepped over and picked the old woman up like she weighed nothing. He stood her up and made sure she was able to walk. “Are you ok?” Bob asked. 
“Yes,” Nonna replied. 
“You need to clean your litter box more often, the other tenants are complaining,” Bob said. 
“I don’t have cats.”
“Then what’s that stink?”
“I don’t smell anything,” Nonna replied. 
“I do, it smells like something died in here.”
Then Yegor spoke up. “May I ask why you barged in here?”
“I’m hiding from the cops,” Bob replied. 
“You are the landlord of this establishment?”
“Yeah,”
“Why are the police looking for you?” Yegor asked. 
“What’s it like to have three wives?” Bob asked. 
“Can you answer my question first?”
“Yeah, I was holding three people against their will and they escaped,” Bob replied. 
“Why were you holding them?”
“I was going to bleed one of them out and sell their blood at the bar tonight.”
“You sell blood? Is that legal?”
“Where have you been? It’s been legal in this state for almost a year now,” Bob snapped back. “Do you live in a cave?”
“No, I live in Brooksville.”
“And nobody cares you have three wives in Brooksville? How do you get away with this shit?”
“They assume we’re roommates, they don’t realize I’ve married all three. I don’t make a big deal of it,” Yegor said. 
“So if it’s not about the pussy, why get married at all?”
“There is more to life than sex. My wives complete me.”
“Is that right?” Bob asked the women. They didn’t reply. “Don’t they talk?”
“I speak for them,” Jegor replied. 
“How do you converse with them at home if you do all the talking?”
“I speak for them in public.”
“Sounds like you own them to me,” Bob said. 
“It’s our way.”
“Do they like it that way?”
“Yes they do,” Yegor replied. 
“Sounds like you like it that way.”

Chapter 20
Into the fire

Thompson, Miller and Dr. Page fumbled around in the dark as they made their way into the tunnel system looking for a way out when they came to the end. They found the door to Julie’s wine and cheese shop jammed shut, smelling like burned plastic and wood. Helping the three escape from Bob’s makeshift prison, Dr. Meyer led the group back down the tunnel to where he had hid from the fire and survived. None of them wanted to try to escape back up the stairs through the bar.
Dr. Meyer was still sick, but was recovering from whatever waterborne illness he had contracted while being left in the river to die. The only door the group could open belonged to the self-serve abortion clinic, but the room was dark and they had to find a light. Then Miller found a switch and flicked it on. Once the light was on, the group was surprised to find the room filled with shelves lined with large glass jars. The jars were filled with what looked like unborn babies floating in a yellow fluid. 
“What the fuck?” Miller asked. 
Dr. Page stepped over to one of the shelves and examined a few of the jars. “This looks like a late term abortion.”
“Late term what?” Miller asked. 
“A late term abortion is any abortion performed after twenty weeks,” Dr. Page replied. 
“Are they illegal?”
“No, but they are looked down upon as especially cruel.”
“Then why store them down here? They don’t store the other ones?” Miller asked. 
“I don’t know,” Dr. Page replied. “But I have a feeling they may be selling them.”
“Who would buy these? That’s gross!”
“Could be for research, could be a pharmaceutical company, there could be a lot of buyers.”
“Is that legal?” Miller asked. 
“I don’t think so, there are strict laws on how they have to dispose of the fetus they extract,” Dr. Page replied. 
Thompson spoke up. “This is really fascinating, but I want to get out. Can you try the door?” Thompson asked Miller. 
Miller grabbed the door handle and pulled, then pushed. The door was locked. “It won’t open,” Miller said. “Should I bang on the door?”
“It’s late on a Saturday night, I’m sure they’re closed,” Dr. Page said. 
“No, they stay open till midnight on the weekends,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“How do you know?” Dr. Page asked. 
“I’ve sent patients here.”
Thompson said, “Bang on the door.”
Miller turned and pounded her fists on the door. Then she put her ear to the door and listened to what she could hear. Again she pounded her fists and listened. 
“Do you hear anything?” Thompson asked. 
“I can hear machines,” Miller replied. 
“I’m not sticking around here,” Thompson said. “You bitches were ready to let me die and I’m not going to stay here and help.”
“Where are you going to go?” Miller asked. 
“I’ll take my chances back at the bar. Once I’m past the door, I can take off and escape,” Thompson said. 
“He has vampires watching the front door.”
“Those are bouncers, they’re there to take money and keep out the drunks. Why am I bothering to explain this to you anyway? If you had your way I’d be hooked up to a drain pipe and filling a bucket with my blood. Bye, I’m leaving.”
Just as Thompson finished his sentence, a sound came from the locked door. It clicked and then the door opened revealing a man holding a pistol in his hand. The man stood for a second scanning the room taking in what he could see. “Who are you?” the man asked. 
“Who are you?” Dr. Page asked. Then she recognized him. “Dr. Anderson? What are you doing here?”
It didn’t take long for Dr. Anderson to recognize Dr. Page and Dr. Meyer. Surprised to see the two doctors in the basement, Dr. Anderson said, “I have the same question for you.”
“We were being held in the basement of the Blood Bar, he was going to bleed us and sell our blood to the vampires,” Dr. Page said. 
“That son of a bitch, I wondered how he was doing that. I knew that guy was as crooked as hell.”
“Can you help us? We need to get out.”
“Well, we sort of have a problem,” Dr. Anderson said. “I don't’ think I can let you leave now that you’ve seen what I have stored down here.”
“You run this place?”
“No, I have a partnership with the owner.”
“I don’t see what the problem is, you run and abortion clinic, I’m sure this is all legal.”
“You don’t see a problem with a room filled with fetuses in jars?” Dr. Anderson asked. 
“I don’t know the laws or procedures. Is there something wrong?”
Dr. Anderson now realized he should have kept his mouth shut, or that Dr. Page was playing dumb. 
“Come on doctor, you know it’s not legal to store the results of an abortion. The law says they have to be destroyed.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Because if I let you go, you’ll tell people what you’ve seen. And those people may know the law. I can’t afford to let you go and get turned in,” Dr. Anderson replied. 
Dr. Page stood dumbfounded. Her one and only escape was now blocked by a doctor with a gun who refused to let them leave. “So what are you going to do with us?”
“I can either turn you back over to the guy who owns the Blood Bar, or kill you myself.”
Thompson spoke up, “Hold on, we just escaped one freak, you have to let us go.”
“I don’t have to do anything,” Dr. Anderson replied. “I have a quarter million dollar operation going on here. I can’t afford to let you fuck that up.”
Dr. Page asked, “What are you doing with these fetuses?”
“I part them out and sell them to a few different buyers,” Dr. Anderson replied. 
“For what?”
“Stem cells, Parkinson’s research, other research that I’m sure is illegal, you name it. And the best part, these women pay to give me all the product I need. Shit, I have more than I can use. You know how hard it is to dispose of this stuff?”
“Doesn’t the automated machine do it for you?” Dr. Page asked. 
“On most of the abortions yes, but these are all late term. The machines don’t work on them, I have to abort them myself.”
“You store all the late terms?”
“No, I usually put them in the grinder, but I do keep a few. I just got lazy and haven’t got rid of the old ones.” Dr. Anderson stepped over to one of the shelves and took a look at the label. “This one is two years old. I should have tossed it a year ago.”
Miller couldn’t take it anymore. “You are so fucking sick,” Miller said. 
“You think that’s bad, you should see what I do with the placentas.”
“A placenta isn’t a human life!” Miller snapped. 
“No, but they make good dog chew toys when they’re dehydrated.”
Miller gagged. “You have to be kidding.”
“No, I ship them to the North Korea,” Dr. Anderson said. 
“Do they know what they are?”
“No,” Dr. Anderson replied. “This whole conversation is pointless and getting old. I have seven bullets and there are four of you. Who wants to go first?”
Thompson replied, “Shoot yourself fucker.”
Dr. Anderson pointed the gun at Thompson and took careful aim at his face. With the tug of the trigger, the gun fired a bullet into Thompson’s mouth and struck his spinal cord. He dropped to the floor, paralyzed unable to breath. 
“That’s one,” Dr. Anderson said. 
“Wait!” Dr. Page yelled. “We can make a deal.”
“What kind of deal? I have a good deal as it is. You fucked that up.”
“We can be partners.”
“I don’t need partners. The more that know about a secret, the more likely it will be discovered. Plus, Dr. Meyer looks like shit. What does he have? Tuberculosis?” 
That comment gave Dr. Page an idea. Dr. Meyer was the only person in the room who couldn’t be killed with a bullet. He was their only hope. But he looked sick and still had green sputum dripping from his mouth and nose. And he didn’t look very motivated to do anything. 
“What are you thinking?” Dr. Anderson asked. “Do you think that sick vampire is going to save you?”
“No,” Dr. Page replied defeated. “Not anymore.”
Dr. Anderson aimed the gun at Miller and shot her in the head. Miller dropped the floor in a heap and took her last breath. Now there were two. “Now that I think about it, I may take you up on your offer,” Dr. Anderson replied. 
“Why did you shoot those two?”
“I didn’t see the point in saving them. They didn’t have anything I needed. And shooting Dr. Meyer wouldn’t do any good anyway.”
“You didn’t know who they were.”
“They looked like cops to me,” Dr. Anderson said. 
“They were from the Food and Drug Administration.”
“That’s worse, glad I shot them.”
Dr. Meyer stumbled forward. “I’m feeling better now, I think I’m getting over my sickness.”
Dr. Anderson put his gun to his side. “You need a blood transfusion. You look pale.”
“I haven’t eaten in a week,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“I have a few fresh placentas you could have. They have plenty of blood in them.”
Dr. Page spoke up, “That is so fucking gross.”
“Vampirism in general is gross, don’t you think? The whole blood drinking?” Dr. Anderson asked. 
“It’s one thing to drink blood from someone, it’s another to suck it out of a placenta.”
“Animals in the wild do it all the time.”
“Anyway, what kind of a deal can we make?” Dr. Page asked. 
“I need another doctor to help, I do this after my clinic hours and I could use some time off.”
“You want me to perform late term abortions?” Dr. Page asked. 
“It’s not that hard, and I’ll pay you well.”
“That goes against everything I am.”
“Would you rather I shoot you instead? I can do that.”
“No, let me think about this,” Dr. Page said. 
“I need to be able to trust you. If you agree and go to the cops, I’ll hunt you down and kill you.”
Dr. Page thought long and hard. “I don’t have any choice, fine, I’ll do it.”
“I have a hard time believing you Dr. Page.”
“What am I supposed to do to prove it to you?” Dr. Page asked. 
“I have an abortion scheduled in thirty minutes. I’ll assist you.”
“What? Tonight?”
“I’ll feel better if I see you in action. Dr. Meyer can have the placenta. It will be fresh.”
Dr. Page swallowed hard and felt dizzy. She wasn’t qualified to do surgery, she was a general practice physician. But she knew the basic procedures and Dr. Anderson could talk her through it. “Fine,” Dr. Page said. 
“Let’s go upstairs to my office, I do the procedures there.”

Chapter 21
Virgins

Bob kept an eye out the window looking for the cops when he heard a knock at the door. He turned to see Jackie standing in the doorway, nude, holding her heels in her hands. 
“What are you doing here?” Bob asked. “And why are you holding your heels?”
“I wanted to see if you were alright, and I can’t walk up the stairs in six inch heels,” Jackie replied. 
“I’m fine, so far, I don’t see any cops.”
“Why do you think the cops are coming?”
“Dr. Page and the FDA agents escaped.”
“So that’s why you were running around so fast? Everyone thought you were chasing someone,” Jackie replied. 
Then Yegor spoke up, “Young lady, if you would like to come in, I can offer you some clothing.”
Jackie looked at what the three ladies were wearing. “I’d like to come in, but I don’t want to wear that, plus I’m still working.”
“You work at the bar?” Yegor asked. 
“Yes,” Jackie replied. 
“What a vile profession you have.”
“I do it for the money,” Jackie said. She didn’t like Yegor’s tone at all. 
“I’m sure you do. And do you partake of illegal drugs?”
“No, I don’t partake of anything asshole,” Jackie snapped back. 
“Please, do not use such gutter language in front of my wives.”
“Wives?” Jackie asked. 
Bob spoke up, “Yeah, he has three of them. That’s what he says at least.”
Jackie added, “You condemn what I do for a living, and accuse me of taking illegal drugs, and then I find out you're a polygamist? You’re the one breaking the law, not me.”
“I may be breaking the law, but at least my wives have self-respect and cover themselves. They would never parade around in the nude like you do,” Yegor said. 
“You have a problem with naked women?” Jackie asked. She stepped into the room and stood next to the chair Yegor was sitting. She made sure her tits were clearly in his view. 
“Please cover yourself, you’re an embarrassment to all women.”
“What are you? A fag?” Jackie asked. She moved in close and put her pussy in Yegor’s face. 
“Please ma’am, I must insist you move that disgusting thing away from me.”
“You’re a married man with three wives and you find pussy disgusting? I don’t get you at all,” Jackie said. 
“My wives are all virgins,” Yegor snapped back. 
“You make absolutely no sense to me at all,” Jackie said as she stepped back. “Why bother to get married if you’re not going to have sex? Or have kids for that matter?”
“I intend to have children, many as a matter of fact, when the time is right,” Yegor said. 
“And when is that?”
“You’re asking very personal questions young lady, I don’t have to answer you.”
“Fine with me, seems you’re the freak, not me,” Jackie replied. 
Bob was getting more and more anxious as time went by. He was sure the cops would be there soon to arrest him. “Jackie, can you go to my truck and get the rifle out from behind the back seat? And the box of ammo in the glove box?”
“I think maybe you should leave the bar if you think the cops are coming. A standoff will get you killed.”
“This is my bar and I’m not leaving!”
“This is your bar and you’ll be dead. And you’ll probably end up taking these people out with you.”
Yegor spoke up, “I’d rather not die if that’s alright with you.”
“Then get the fuck out,” Bob snapped. 
“This is my mother's apartment, her rent is paid in full. I know, I pay it.”
“Then sit back and wait for the bullet spray. You vampires can’t die from bullets anyway.”
Yegor sat and thought for a moment. He sipped his tea and looked at his three wives who were sitting quietly putting on a good show not letting the terror of the situation slip out. “I have a proposition for you,” Yegor said. 
Bob replied, “For me or Jackie?”
“For you.”
“What kind of proposition?”
“I’m looking for someone to impregnate one or more of my wives.”
“Go to a sperm bank,” Bob replied. 
“I have, several times. Seems only fresh sperm will work, and I don’t have the means to impregnate a woman.”
“You’re impotent?” Bob asked with a grin. 
“No, not at all. I have medical issues that won’t allow me to sire a child.”
“So you want me to fuck one of your wives?” Bob asked. 
“Yes, I do,” Yegor replied. 
“This is sort of a bad time don’t you think?” Bob asked. 
“I don’t hear any sirens. I think you’re overreacting to some delusion you made up in your head.”
“Delusion huh? No, I’m pretty sure I had a doctor and two FDA agents locked up in my basement.”
“And why would you do that?” Yegor asked. 
“Long story. I don’t think I’m interested in fucking your wives.”
“You run a sex establishment and you don’t have an interest in breeding one of my girls?”
“Sounds creepy when you call them that, how old are they?” Bob asked. 
“Alina and Darya are both seventeen, Larisa is sixteen,” Yegor replied. 
“Are you fucking kidding me? They’re kids. “They can’t even get a marriage license.”
“Like I said, I don’t need the state to recognize my marriages,” Yegor said. 
“Are you charging men to “breed” your wives?” Bob asked. 
“Absolutely not! You’re the first man I’ve asked.”
“So you’re not running some underage prostitution ring?”
“No sir, I would never stoop to something so low. You sell sex, not me,” Yegor replied. 
“Then tell me why you want a sixteen year old girl to get pregnant?”
“I need children, is that so hard to understand?” Yegor replied. 
Bob looked at the three women in a different light now. Before he thought they were just young looking twenty something year olds, now he realized there were high school age girls sitting on the couch waiting to be bred by some freak vampire. “You need to let these girls go,” Bob said. 
“Go where?” Yegor asked. 
“Go home to their families.”
“I am their family,” Yegor replied. 
“Where did you get them?”
“I brought them from Russia.”
“Did you pay for them?”
“Oh, no, I would never pay for a wife,” Yegor replied. 
“I don’t get you. Are you trying to start your own cult? Is that why you need kids so bad?”
“I won’t dignify that question with an answer,” Yegor said. “If you don’t want to breed one of my girls, that’s fine. I will find someone eventually.”
Jackie spoke up. “That’s fucked up.”
“Maybe in your society it is, but where I come from it is common practice,” Yegor replied. 
“They do this shit in Russia?” Jackie asked. 
“No, not that I know of.”
“Then where are you talking about?” 
“In my home town, it has been a tradition in my family for generations,” Yegor replied. 
“Bullshit, you’re making this up,” Jackie said. “Those girls haven’t said a word since I got here. Why is that? Do you have them brainwashed? Do they fear for their lives?”
“I speak for them, it is our way,” Yegor replied. 
Jackie looked to the three girls sitting on the couch and addressed them. “Is that right? Does he speak for you?”
The girls looked back at Jackie but didn’t say a word. They didn’t look scared, they looked well trained. 
“Well? Do any of you talk?” Jackie asked. 
Yegor spoke up. “They won’t answer you.”
“What are they afraid of? Do you beat them if they don’t obey?”
“No, I’ve never laid a finger to harm any of them ever,” Yegor replied. 
“What sort of sick freak cult are you running?” 
Bob spoke up. “Where ever they came from, the women were raised to be subservient. That’s obvious. You won’t get anywhere with him.”
Yegor replied, “Just because you don’t agree with our way of life, doesn’t make it any better or worse than your way of life. You have to shake your tits and show off your pussy to make money in your society. That would never happen where I come from. My girls dress like ladies, not like you with your breasts hanging for everyone to see. You have no pride young lady, your vagina is out for everyone to see. Only in a sick society would that be permitted. I would never put my girls in a situation where they would have to do that. Are you married?” Yegor asked. 
“Yes,” Jackie replied. She knew where this was going. 
“What does your husband think of your profession?”
“He got me the job,” Jackie replied. 
“That is horrible, what kind of husband would want his wife parading around nude in front of strange men?”
“The kind of husband that wants to pay his bills,” Jackie replied. 
“There are more suitable ways to earn a living and pay your bills.”
“You don’t get it do you?” Jackie asked. “I used to work at a clinic making ten dollars an hour. Ten dollars an hour! I can make ten dollars in three minutes here. Money talks.”
“Yes, money does talk. And I’m sad for you that you value money over your dignity. You are a sad sad woman. One day you will grow old, your breasts will sag and you will have wrinkles and not be able to sell yourself to men. Then what?” Yegor asked. 
“I’ll find out when I get there, who in life ever knows what the future will bring?”
“True, but the hands of time will be cruel to you,” Yegor said. 
“Maybe by then I can go back and do clinic work again,” Jackie said. 
“Who will hire you? What will you put on your resume? That you danced naked for men for money? That is not a qualification anyone will find appealing.”
“How did you turn this against me? You’re the one who needs to straighten your act, not me. I’ll be fine. You’re dragging three girls into hell,” Jackie said. 
Bob spoke up. “Don’t bother Jackie. You can’t change some people.”
“He’s trying to change me.”
Yegor replied, “It’s not my place to change you. You have to do that for yourself. I’m simply giving you my opinion of you since you decided to give me your opinion of me. Now if the gentleman with the gun doesn’t want to service one of my wives, I’d appreciate it if you’d both leave.”
Jackie replied, “I do have to go, my set was due ten minutes ago.”
Bob nodded to Jackie. “Yeah, get downstairs. You shouldn’t be here when the shooting starts. 
“I don’t think there will be any shooting,” Jackie said. “It’s been a half hour and nobody’s shown up yet.”
“They’re hiding. Putting up snipers. It won’t be long now.”
“Bob, you’re paranoid.”
“I have every reason to be paranoid,” Bob replied. “I never should have left them alone. I should have picked one and bled them out right there and then.”
“Then you’d have two murders on your hands instead of one,” Jackie replied. 
“Murders?” Yegor asked. 

Chapter 22
Sandy

Dr. Anderson led Dr. Page and Dr. Meyer up to the abortion clinic with his gun hidden in his scrub pants. The self-serve section was in a different part of the building with the doctor assisted side closer to the stairs. Normally, most procedures were handled in the self-serve bay, so there was rarely a doctor in the building unless a later term abortion was scheduled, and today there was one. 
As they walked down the hall, Dr. Anderson popped his head into the nurse’s station and looked to see if his appointment was ready. The nurse at the desk said yes and the three walked to the procedure room without the nurse. Dr. Anderson explained to the nurse that the other two doctors would assist and that the nurse wasn’t needed. Dr. Meyer still looked like a COPD patient, but was getting better. 
“I told you I’ve never done this before,” Dr. Page said. She was nervous and scared. 
“You’ve done pelvic exams in your office, there’s not much more to it than that. I’ll talk you through it,” Dr. Anderson said. 
“I’m not board certified to do abortions, I could lose my license.”
“You could lose your head if you don’t do what I say,” Dr. Anderson replied. He picked out the patients chart from the file holder on the wall and looked at the information. “Says she’s twenty two, nulliparous, thirty two weeks pregnant.”
“Thirty two? That’s a sustainable delivery! We can’t abort a child that far along!” Dr. Page snapped. 
“I’ve aborted up to thirty eight before,” Dr. Anderson replied. 
“That has to be illegal!”
“It’s a medical emergency, it’s always a medical emergency.”
“I won’t do it!” Dr. Page barked back. 
“Keep your mouth shut,” Dr. Anderson said. He opened the door to the exam room where the pregnant woman sat on the table already dressed in a surgical gown. He closed the door and greeted the patient. “HI, how are you today?” Dr. Anderson asked.
“I’m alright I guess,” the woman replied. Her name was Sandy. 
“Ready to get this over?” Dr. Anderson said with a grin. He was an asshole. 
“Are you sure this is safe?” Sandy asked. “I can feel her kicking.”
“Oh sure, these things are always safe. I’ve performed hundreds of these.”
Sandy was nervous, she felt like getting up and leaving, but she knew she had to have the abortion in order to keep her husband. The baby wasn’t his and they were on the edge of a divorce. “What do I have to do?” Sandy asked. 
“Just lie back on the table and put your feet in the stirrups like you were getting your yearly exam. I’ll give you a shot to calm your nerves and ease any pain you might have. From there it will basically feel like pressure on your abdomen. Should take about twenty minutes to finish.”
“Ok,” Sandy replied. She tried to lay back but had difficulty. Dr. Page walked around the table and helped her onto her back, placing a pillow behind her head. Then Dr. Page helped guide Sandy’s feet into the stirrups and placed a surgical divider between around her midsection so she couldn’t see what was going on. The sedative shot was administered. 
Dr. Anderson opened a closet door and handed Dr. Page a set of surgical scrubs. “Put these on,” Dr. Anderson commanded. 
“Do you have a dressing room?” Dr. Page asked. 
“I do, but I want to keep an eye on you. We’re all adults here, put them on.”
Dr. Page did as Dr. Anderson told her and put on the surgical scrubs. Once dressed, she stood waiting for more instructions. She really wanted to leave, but had no choice. 
Addressing the patient, Dr. Anderson said, “Dr. Page is going to perform the procedure today. She’s a student of mine.”
“A student?” Sandy asked. “I’m not sure I’m comfortable with a student.”
“Everything will be fine. I’ll be here the whole time assisting her. Now Dr. Page, if you’’ll glove up and take your seat.”
Dr. Page donned sterile gloves and Dr. Anderson set a tray of instruments on a table next to her chair. Once seated, Dr. Page looked at Sandy’s vagina and hung her head. She had no desire or clue how to do what she was being forced to do. “Thirty two weeks? Are you fucking kidding me?” Dr. Page asked. “This is insane. This is murder.”
“Get on with it Dr. Page,” Dr. Anderson said.
Dr. Miller stood in the corner trying not to compromise the whole room with his infection. 
“What do I do first?” Dr. Page asked. 
“Use the speculum first, just like a pelvic exam.”
Dr. Page picked out the speculum from the tray of instruments and a tube of surgical lubricant. She opened the package and spread lubricant along the shaft of the speculum and tossed the speculum back in the tray. “I’m not doing this,” Dr. Page said. “Fuck you.”
“What’s going on?” Sandy asked. 
Dr. Anderson spoke up, “Nothing honey, its fine.”
“She said, “Fuck you.””
“I think Dr. Page is a little nervous, this is her first procedure.”
Dr. Page interrupted. “No, I said fuck you and I meant it. I’m not killing a viable child so you can continue your illegal body parts trade.”
“It’s not up to you, the child is coming out whether you do it or not. I told you if you wanted to live, you had to do this.”
“I can’t, sorry,” Dr. Page said. 
Dr. Anderson pulled the pistol from the back of his scrub pants and held it to Dr. Page’s face. “You sure you want to back out now?” Dr. Anderson asked. 
“You can threaten me all you want, I won’t kill this child.”
“I’ve killed hundreds of children in my career. Do you think I give a shit about you?”
“I’m sure you don’t,” Dr. Page replied. 
Sandy spoke up, “What’s going on? I can’t see anything!”
“Calm down Sandy,” Dr. Anderson replied. “I’m going to have to perform the procedure. Dr. Page here has refused. Give me a few minutes and we’ll get started. 
“You’ll have to kill me, I can’t do this and I can’t allow you to continue to do this. What you are doing is illegal and immoral.”
“Get up,” Dr. Anderson said. 
“Why? So you can drag me out of here and shoot me?”
“Back down to the basement.”
“Good luck with that. If you shoot, your nurse will hear, and so will everyone in the building. You won’t get away with this,” Dr. Page said. 
Dr. Anderson was stuck. He didn’t think Dr. Page would back out and now he had a patient and Dr. Meyer to contend with. Should he shoot Dr. Page or not? If she left she’d turn him in, if he shot her, he would spend his life in prison. He now regretted the decision to let her live in the first place. “You leave me no choice. I can’t let you leave.”
“You realize you have to shoot us all in order to keep us quiet. How are you going to explain a triple murder? Especially one of your patients? I mean, who brings a loaded pistol into an exam room?”
Dr. Anderson realized he was fucked. The only way out was for him to take a bullet. But should he take them out with him or not? That was the question. He had no problems with Sandy, and Dr. Meyer already looked half dead. His issue was with Dr. Page who sat before him with a huge, “fuck you” look on her face. 
“You’ve backed me into a corner Dr. Page. You should never back anyone into a corner. There should always be a way out. Because now I have no choice but to take you and myself out of this situation.”
“What?” Dr. Page asked. She was sure Dr. Anderson would give up the gun once he realized he had no way out. Now Dr. Page realized he took another option, murder suicide. “Wait a second,” Dr. Page said. 
Dr. Anderson pointed the pistol at Dr. Page’s forehead and pulled the trigger. The blast of the shot was doubled in the small exam room and Dr. Page fell back off her stool onto the floor in a heap. 
“What did you do?” Sandy yelled. She tried to get up but Dr. Anderson held her down. 
“I had to, she was going to kill me!” Dr. Anderson replied. 
“Let me out of here!”
“No! You have to finish your abortion! We’re too far along now.”
“Let me up!” Sandy yelled. She braced herself, pulled her feet from the stirrups and lifted until she was sitting upright. She saw Dr. Meyer in the corner, white as a sheet, looking off into the distance like he was in a daze. “Help!” Sandy yelled, hoping Dr. Meyer would come to her aid. 
“He’s not going to do anything,” Dr. Anderson said. “He’s obviously infected with something.”
“What’s he doing here if he’s got an infection? What kind of clinic do you run?” Sandy asked as she looked at Dr. Page’s dead body on the floor. “What did she do to you?”
“She was going to stab me with a scalpel,” Dr. Anderson replied. “Now lie back down, we need to finish your procedure.”
“I’m getting out of here!” Sandy yelled. She spun around and hung her legs over the short end of the exam table. Dr. Anderson did his best to detain her, but she was too strong and too determined to leave. 
“Let her go,” Dr. Meyer said. 
Both Dr. Anderson and Sandy looked over at Dr. Meyer who was much more lucid now. 
“What did you say?” Dr. Anderson asked. 
“Let her go,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“I don’t think you’re in any condition to tell me what to do.”
Dr. Meyer retracted his lips to give Dr. Anderson a good view of his fangs. “I might not be healthy right now, but I can still take you out of I want.”
“No, you look like dog shit.”
Dr. Meyer stepped over to Dr. Anderson and grabbed him by his scrub top pulling him away from the exam table. Dr. Anderson was surprised at how strong Dr. Meyer was and offered up little resistance. 
“What are you going to do? Bite me?” Dr. Anderson asked like it was a joke. “You bite me and you make another vampire.”
“I won’t bite you,” Dr. Meyer said fishing the speculum from the tray. Using it like a knife, Dr. Meyer pulled back and plunged the instrument into Dr. Anderson’s chest. Once inside, Dr. Meyer squeezed the handle until the tool was fully open inside Dr. Anderson’s chest. 
Sandy slid off the exam table and ran around the two men who were in a death grip. She left the room and ran down the hall screaming for help as Dr. Anderson fell to the floor in a heap on top of Dr. Page. 
Dr. Meyer was now alone, in the exam room with two dead doctors lying on the floor. He thought about heading for home, but knew his life was over there. His wife would never take him back, not even as a vampire. His only other option would be to return to the Blood Bar and exact revenge against those who extorted and killed him. 
“About time,” the nurse said. Her voice startled Dr. Meyer. 
“What?” 
“It’s about time someone killed that fucker.”
“I don’t understand. You work here, why didn’t you do something?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“I couldn’t, he had stuff on me, threatened to turn me into the state,” the nurse replied. “I wanted to kill that prick so many times but he kept the threats over my head.”
“Now you’re free.”
“Yeah, get out of here. I have to call the cops and I don’t want you to get caught.”
“Where is the Blood Bar?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“It’s two doors down to the left if you leave by the front door. But before you go, I want to give you something.”
Dr. Meyer waited until the nurse came back. She handed Dr. Meyer a bottle of pills. “I got some Amoxicillin for you. It’s all I could find. Maybe you can get rid of whatever infection you have.”
“Thanks,” Dr. Meyer said, and he left the room.  
Chapter 23
Main stage

“Can we go with you?” Larisa asked. 
Shocked, Yegor replied, “Go where? With this whore?”
“I want to see what she does, and so do Alina and Darya.”
“How do you know, did you ask them? I didn’t hear them say anything,” Yegor replied. “And no, I won’t allow you to go to the bar and watch the sick depraved sex acts she performs for men.”
Jackie spoke up, “I don’t perform sex acts for men or anyone else for that matter! I work for a living.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Yegor stated as a matter of fact. “None of my wives are going to the bar for any reason!”
Jackie was pissed but she smiled anyway. “Sure, you can come along.”
“I forbid it!” Yegor snapped. 
“You’re not legally married to any of them and you’re not their parent so I don’t think they have to do what you say,” Jackie replied. 
Yegor stood up and walked to the door to block the girl’s way out of the room. “I won’t stand for it. My girls will not be exposed to such depravity.”
Alina and the other two girls stood up and walked to the door. “Move, we’re going downstairs,” Alina said. 
“You will not,” Yegor replied. 
Then Nonna spoke up with her weak and frail voice. “Move Yegor, let them leave.”
“What? Mother, you can’t be serious. These are my wives.”
“They are girls, girls you are trying to control. I am your mother, listen to me.”
Pissed, Yegor stepped aside and let the three girls out of the room and into the hall. He stood there and watched them leave. “Mother, I don't’ think you know what you’re saying.”
Bob smiled and looked over at Yegor. “Listen to your mother you prick. You can’t own women any more than you can own a cat. If they want to be with you, they’ll come back. Don’t count on it.”

Down at the bar, the three girls followed Jackie to the main floor where it was packed with men watching the nude dancing on stage. There were just enough girls working to keep one on the two remaining stages and one on break. It was way past Jackie’s turn and she was sure the other girls were pissed that she was late. 
“When do you dance?” Larisa asked. 
“As soon as this next song is over,” Jackie replied. 
“Do you mind if we join you?”
“What? No, you’re too young. You have to be eighteen to dance in these clubs.”
“I’m twenty two,” Larisa replied. 
“Yegor said you were sixteen.”
“I lied to him, he wouldn’t have taken me if I were over twenty. Alina and Darya are both twenty seven.”
“You don’t look like you’re that old,” Jackie said. “Do you have any identification?”
“I have a passport at home.”
“I can’t let you go on stage without proof. And Bob has to approve all the dancers before he will hire anyone.”
“I don’t need to be hired. I’m not looking for work. I just want to dance and have everyone watch me,” Larisa said. 
“I guess I can’t stop you,” Jackie said. “I’m up now.”
Jackie left the three girls and stepped up onto the main stage. Her first song started and she began her pole routine. The three girls watched in amazement as Jackie spun around the pole and did tricks that amused the audience. The more she danced to the loud pounding music, the more they wanted to do what she did. The audience loved her and the men tossed money at her with every new trick. 
Then Darya stepped up to the stage and walked up the three steps joining Jackie who was surprised to see her there. Jackie yelled over the music, “What are you doing?”
Darya didn’t answer, she instead kicked off her shoes, pulled off her turtle neck sweater and tossed it on the floor by the long mirror. The crowd erupted as she then removed her skirt, bra and panties. It wasn’t long before Darya was nude trying to dance like Jackie who was now shaking her head watching Darya make a fool of herself. 
Darya looked over to Jackie and motioned that she should keep dancing. Jackie was ready to walk off the stage when she saw the other two women get up on stage and strip nude. Now there were four nude women on stage, three barefoot and one with six inch heels. The most noticeable difference was that Jackie was the only female that shaved between her legs. The other three looked like they just transported from nineteen seventy four. 

Yegor stood at the bar and watched his three so called wives up on stage dancing nude in front of a large group of horny men and vampires. There were even a group of women sitting at a table nearby enjoying the show. 
“Can I get you a drink?” Tom asked. 
Yegor looked at Tom and then back at the stage. “I want one of your blood drinks,” Yegor replied. 
“I’ll have to check to see if we have any in stock, they’re a hundred and twenty dollars a glass.”
“That’s fine, I have money,” Yegor replied. 
Tom stepped into the back and checked the cooler. He had two pints left. He grabbed one and took it out to the bar where he prepared the drink by pulling out a chilled frosty glass and cut the tube that fed the blood bag. Once the tube was cut, he poured the blood into the glass and squeezed the bag until all the contents were gone. He then offered the empty bag to Yegor who told him to toss it in the trash. 
“There you go,” Tom said handing Yegor the drink. 
Yegor pulled out his wallet and gave Tom the money for the drink. He then took a sip expecting it to taste like expensive wine. Instead it tasted like diluted tea. “This doesn’t taste as good as they make it out to be.”
“I just serve it,” Tom said. 
“I really need to get drunk, can you put some vodka in this?”
“At a hundred and twenty dollars, I’ll put a shot in on the house.”
Yegor handed the drink back to Tom who added a shot of vodka. Tom handed it back and Yegor took a long drink slamming the whole frosty in one gulp. 
“Something wrong mister?” Tom asked. 
“Yeah, my wives are up on your stage dancing naked in front of all these men.”
“That sucks,” Tom said. He fought back his smile. 
Yegor let the shot sink in and ordered another straight vodka with ice. He drank that and then another until he became tipsy. Then angry. 

A half hour passed and Yegor sat at the bar watching the girls make fools of themselves spreading their legs, and bouncing their breasts around to the pleasure of the strangers in the seats. The more he saw, the angrier he became and vowed to himself to do something about it. Only he was a chickenshit and couldn’t find his way off the stool. 
Then he saw Alina allow a man from the audience to reach up and touch her breast. That was it, he wasn’t going to take it any longer. As he stood up from his seat, Yegor noticed he was dizzy and had a difficult time with balance. The mixture of blood and vodka, and more vodka had got to this man who usually didn’t drink at all. And now he was trying to navigate to the main stage and save his girl from this horrible man who was touching her inappropriately. 
Once Yegor reached the stage, he couldn’t figure out which man had touched Alina. They all looked alike to him, so he decided to climb up on the stage instead and rescue her from her lack of morals. One step and Yegor was flat on his back on the floor. He didn’t make it to the stage. 
Tom signaled the bouncer to go pick up Yegor and put him in a chair. He wasn’t being rude or aggressive so Tom decided to let him chill. Plus, he paid a lot for his drink and Tom thought he deserved some slack. The bouncer helped Yegor up and tried to help him off to the side when Yegor became angry and struck out. The bouncer took the punch and then dragged Yegor off to the side to toss him out. Anyone who took a swing at the bar was automatically kicked out, bar policy. 
“Stop!” Bob yelled. He had come downstairs to see how things were going. The cops hadn’t shown up so he thought maybe something happened and they weren’t coming. At least not now. “Bring him over here!”
The bouncer brought Yegor back over to the bar. 
“Take him up to apartment number one and put him on the couch. The door is unlocked,” Bob said. “I see the girls decided to take up dancing,” Bob said to Tom. 
“They suck at it, but the crowd is into it,” Tom replied. 
“They look like an ongoing train wreck. You can’t not watch them.”
“I like Larisa, she looks like she has epilepsy.”
“Too bad I’m going to jail for this,” Bob said. 
“Why do you say that?”
“They’re all teenagers. I’m going to prison,” Bob replied. 
“I overheard them talking to Jackie. They’re all in their twenties. They lied to that guy for some reason.”
“Oh, thank God,” Bob said. “At least I won’t be going to prison for underage nude dancing, just kidnapping,” Bob said with a grin. 
“No word on them?”
“I’d be in cuffs down at the police station if there were a word on them, don’t you think?” 
“Something must have happened to them.”
“Or they’re waiting to go to the cops until later. Who knows? I need a Xanax to calm down. I’ll be in my office if you need me.” Bob left the bar and walked to his office. He stepped inside, shut the door and sat behind his desk. He pulled out a bottle of pills and took a Xanax without water. They were small, and easy to swallow. 
Then a knock on the office door. 
“What the fuck now?” Bob asked out loud. “Come in!”
The door opened and Jackie stepped inside. She was sweating from all the dancing. “Bob, you have to do something. Those girls can’t be up on the stage.”
“Why not?” Bob asked. He was tired and didn’t give a shit.
“For one thing, I’m losing tips, and for another, they’re doing more than dancing.”
“Like what?” 
“Larisa took a guy up on stage and gave him a blow job. In front of everyone! She’s going to get this place shut down if you don’t do something!”
“You do something, I’m exhausted,” Bob said. He could feel the Xanax kicking in. 
“I’m not the owner, not even the manager. I was the last dancer hired and the lowest in seniority. I can’t work with those amateurs on stage.”
“That was you three weeks ago.”
“I never sucked off a customer in front of a full house.”
“Touché’,” Bob replied. “I’ll be out in an hour.”
“If you want to keep the cops away, I suggest you kick them out now!”
Bob laid his head back and thought for a moment. He scanned the photographs of the girls on the walls and thought back to better days. “Fine,” Bob said as he forced himself up out of his chair. 
Jackie stormed out of the office leaving the door wide open. When Bob got to the doorway, he saw Yegor up on stage choking Larisa trying to kill her. The audience didn’t know if this was part of the show or not so nobody intervened. Before Bob could get past the bar, Larisa was down on her back passed out, or dead with Yegor standing over her panting. 
Jackie rushed the stage and pushed Yegor back against the glass. She got down on her knees and listened for breathing sounds. With the loud music it was difficult to hear anything and Larisa’s chest wasn’t moving either. In a panic, Jackie tried to give Larisa mouth to mouth but it was too late. Larisa didn’t respond and the crowd now realized what had happened. It didn’t take long for them to turn on Yegor who was now fearing for his life, backed against the large stage mirror facing the angry audience. 

Chapter 24
Aftermath

Dr. Meyer stepped out of the self-serve abortion clinic and noticed immediately the flashing lights from the ambulance and patrol cars parked in front of the Blood Bar. In the dark of the night, they lit up the block like a fireworks show. He was heading that way anyway, so he turned and started to walk the short distance trying to see what the problem was. As he approached the bar, he heard the sounds of the dispatcher coming from the police radio. Intermixed with the code, he could make out the name of the bar and something about an assault. Then the door to the bar opened and a police officer held it open as two paramedics rushed a gurney out onto the sidewalk towards the ambulance. 
Dr. Meyer could see a woman lying on her back covered in a sheet with straps holding her down. She was wearing a cervical collar and being pumped with air from an ambu bag. It didn’t take long for the paramedics to load the gurney into the ambulance and take off to the hospital. The police officer remained and for a moment looked like he was going to stop Dr. Meyer from entering the bar. Then the officer went back into the bar as if he didn’t see Dr. Meyer at all. 
Once inside, Dr. Meyer saw that the mood in the bar was not what he expected. There was no loud music, only tables filled with bewildered men and police officers putting up crime tape on the main stage. It seemed no one was allowed to leave and a lot of people were in shock. Dr. Meyer approached the bar and noticed Tom right away. The man who tried to extort him, bled him and let his minions toss him in the river. 
Dr. Meyer was feeling better. He had only taken one Amoxicillin a few minutes ago, but overall he was gaining his strength and the bug seemed to be going away. When Dr. Meyer got to the bar, he knocked on the wood to get Tom’s attention. When he did, Tom practically jumped out of his skin in shock. 
“What the fuck are you doing here? You’re supposed to be dead!” Tom yelled. 
“The smoke woke me enough to escape. You should have cut off my head if you wanted me dead,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“So now you’re here to exact your revenge against me?” Tom asked. 
“No, I saw the lights outside and I wanted to know what was going on,” Dr. Meyer replied. “What is going on?”
Surprised that Dr. Meyer wasn’t pissed, Tom replied, “The son of one of Bob’s renters choked his girlfriend. They took her to the hospital.”
“Why did he choke her?”
“She got up on stage and danced, he didn’t like it, thought she was acting like a slut.”
“Was she?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“She did let a customer touch her that will get you kicked out faster than anything around here.”
“So you didn’t tell her the rules?”
“She did it herself, I had nothing to do with it. I was back here the whole time. I can’t control what goes on, that’s why we have bouncers,” Tom said. 
“I see, where is the boyfriend?”
“Cops took him right away,” Tom replied. “So tell me, you don’t seem like you're that pissed at me.”
“After what I’ve been through, I just don’t care anymore,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“So hanging you up by the rafters, draining your blood and tossing you in the river is no big deal?”
Dr. Meyer shook his head. “I need a drink.”
“I have one bag of blood left if you want it. It’s one twenty.”
“I don’t have my wallet, seems someone took it.”
“I can’t give it to you on the house, Bob would kill me,” Tom said. 
“Where is Bob?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“I don’t know, when the police showed up he disappeared.”
“I bet, I’m surprised he hasn’t gone to jail years ago. He’s not the most honest person.”
“What do you mean?”
“He was going to kill Dr. Page, and two FDA officers. I let them go. Not that it mattered, they’re all dead now anyway. Probably why he took off.”
“Call it payback,” Tom said with a smile. “Enough back story, now what are you going to do?”
“How about a rum and Coke?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“Sure,” Tom replied. 
“I think I might check myself into the hospital. I got some Amoxicillin but I might need some IV antibiotics.”
Tom handed Dr. Meyer the rum and Coke. “I mean long term? Can you be a doctor and a vampire at the same time?”
“I don’t think it’s really an issue. I don’t know any vampire doctors, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t any.”
Tom saw that the crowd was getting restless. The police wouldn’t let anyone leave until they conducted interviews and it was already one in the morning.  “I hope the cops get done fast, I don’t want an angry mob in here.”
“They have a lot of witnesses I suppose,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Yeah, I could be here all fucking night.”

Checking his watch, Tom saw that it was going on two thirty when he noticed his wife Jackie come out of the dressing room. She was no longer nude, wearing a pair of skintight leggings and a t shirt. She walked over to the bar and sat down on one of the stools next to Dr. Meyer. 
“What’s he doing here?” Jackie asked. She felt very uncomfortable. 
“Don’t worry,” Tom replied. “He’s not pissed anymore.”
Dr. Meyer looked at Jackie. He had another rum and Coke in his hand. “I’m over it, the worst part is explaining it to my wife.”
Jackie looked at Tom and bit her lip. She realized Dr. Meyer had no idea about how his wife came in the bar and shot Sandy. She didn’t know if she should tell him. “Do you know where your wife is?” Jackie asked. 
“At home I suppose,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“I don’t know if I’m the one who should be telling you this, but she’s in jail right now.”
“Jail? For what?”
“She came in here and shot Sandy, see that stage over there? The one with no mirror? That’s where she did it,” Jackie replied. 
“Why?”
“She found out I worked here and came looking for me. She found the texts on your phone.”
“Why her though?”
“I think out of frustration. She couldn’t find me so she shot Sandy instead,” Jackie replied. 
“That’s great, I suppose I should go down and see her.”
“It would make her happy I suppose. So how did you get out of the morgue anyway?” Jackie asked. “I haven’t seen anything about it on the television.”
“They don’t lock the door. I suppose it didn’t make the news because it would be an embarrassment for them,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“This is really weird, like some sort of reunion. I expected if I ever saw you again that you’d be so pissed you’d kill me,” Jackie said. 
“If I were going to kill anyone, it would be your husband. I don’t blame you for doing what he told you to do.”
“So we’re good?” Jackie asked. 
“My wife is going to prison for murder, I don’t think it matters what she thinks anymore. If you want to suck my dick now, I’m all for it,” Dr. Meyer said with a grin. 
“No thanks,” Jackie said. “I only did that for the money, and you still look sick to me.”
Dr. Meyer chuckled. “You did give a pretty good blow job.” He took a sip of his drink. “And I am feeling better. I might skip the hospital for now and go home.”
Tom spoke up, “I don’t think anyone’s going home for a while. The police are still interviewing the customers.”
Julie replied, “How many interviews do they have to do to tell them a guy choked his girlfriend on the stage?”
“They’re just doing their job,” Tom replied. 

Bob sat in a chair in Nonna’s apartment shaking. His nerves were shot and he was going in and out of panic attacks every few minutes. He could see the lights from the police cars outside and knew at any moment they would burst into the room and arrest him. As he waited, he sat watching the door with a finger on the trigger of one of the explosive devices ready to blow himself and Nonna to bits. 
Nonna sat on the couch watching Tom. “Why don’t you turn yourself in? You’ll feel better,” Nonna said. 
“You’ll feel better,” Bob replied. 
“You can’t run from the police forever, they will find you.”
“They won’t take me alive.”
“What is this all about? You held a few people against their will. You said they got away, that’s not worth dying for.”
“That’s not all I’ve done,” Bob replied. 
“I’m sure you’ve done bad things, we’ve all done bad things in our past.”
“If you’re trying to make me feel better, it isn’t working.”
“Do you want some tea?” Nonna asked. 
“No thanks, and I’m sorry for knocking you down.”
“That’s alright, I don’t think I broke a hip or anything. If you would like, I could tell you a story about how I made a mistake that I’ll never forget.”
“What? Did you steal some knitting needles from a fabric store once?” Bob asked. His eyes were glued to the door. 
“No, not at all. I may look innocent and sweet, but I have done some pretty nasty things in my day,” Nonna said. 
“Ok, sure, tell me,” Bob said. He was now sweating profusely and his mouth was dry. 
“Back in fifty two I met a young man named Alexei at school. I was a teacher and he was one of my students. He was a strapping young man, had a dick the size of two Coke bottles put end to end.”
“How do you know how big his dick was?” Bob asked. 
“I’m getting to that. Well one day after school, I had Alexie stay to help him with his school work. He had terrible grades in Math and English and I knew he had potential. It wasn’t long before he became frustrated with his lessons so I decided to help him calm down and we decided to take a break. Back in those days we didn’t have Xanax to pop whenever we got the nerves so we had to find another way to relax. I took Alexie into my office and gave him a backrub, which helped but I didn’t think it was enough. So I unzipped his pants and gave him a hand job until he blew all over my floor.”
“Are you serious?” Bob asked. 
“Oh yes, I gave many of my students hand jobs, blow jobs, whatever it took to help them concentrate on their school work,” Nonna replied. 
“I bet you were a popular teacher,” Bob said. 
“I was until one of the students told his mother what I was doing. She came into my office and tried to beat me with a wood plank. She broke my arm and cracked my skull before the principal came in and stopped her.”
“So what happened to you?”
“I was sent to prison for ten years,” Nonna replied. “Ten of the best years of my life.”
“What? Most people hate prison, that’s the whole point.”
“No, I loved it. I had a girlfriend, or should I say girlfriends that kept me company, all the food and shelter I needed. It was like living in the dormitory during college. I so hated it when I was released back into the public. I’ve been a recluse ever since.”
“No more hand jobs for students?” Bob asked. 
“No, I became a lesbian after that. Sold my pussy as a prostitute. I still have customers coming up to this day.”

Chapter 25
Rick the vampire

Jackie heard a knock on the door. It was now Sunday afternoon and Tom had left for his short shift at the bar. Monday’s the Blood Bar was closed but they did a decent business on Sunday and stayed open till ten instead of closing at four in the morning like usual. Jackie had three hours before she had to be at work and only had to work until six, she liked working Sunday, and it was a slower pace and more social than sexual. 
At the window, Jackie looked through the blinds to see who was waiting. To her surprise it was Rick, the bouncer from the bar. She knew Rick from work, but they never really got to know each other well. They were casual enough to say hello to each other in passing, so it shocked her to see him on the porch. Maybe he was here to tell her about Bob, but then she did have a cell phone. 
The door opened and Jackie greeted Rick,” Hi,” Jackie said. She noticed right away there was something different about him. 
Nervous, Rick replied, “Hi, hey, I was wondering if we could talk,”
“Sure, about what?”
“Can I come in?” Rick asked. 
“Yeah,” Jackie replied and she let Rick into the living room. 
“Tom’s at work,” Jackie said. 
“I know, I came to see you.”
“Me?” What do you want to see me about?” Jackie asked. 
“I don’t want to sound forward, and this is really hard to say, but I wanted you to know that I’ve always liked you.”
Jackie was taken aback. She had no idea Rick had any feelings for her at all. He hid it well at work. “Wow, I don’t know what to say. I’m married you know.”
“I know, and I know how Tom treats you, making you have sex with other men to make money and all,” Rick replied. 
“We haven’t made any money yet,” Jackie replied. “Actually all it’s done is make our lives hell.”
“I know, and you deserve better than that.”
Jackie knew Rick was right. She loved Tom, but he did use her like she was a cheap whore cash cow. “I don’t mind,” Jackie replied. She lied. 
“I don’t believe you. Nobody wants to be treated like that.”
“Well, there’s nothing I can do about it, he’s my husband,” Jackie replied. 
“I can make you happy.”
“I can’t leave Tom, and I don’t know you that well.”
Rick knew Jackie was right. This was probably the longest conversation the both of them ever had since Jackie started working at the bar. Rick needed a new angle. “I have a new tattoo, want to see it?”
Jackie was surprised at the change of subject, but went along with it. “Sure,” Jackie replied. 
Rick smiled and pulled his shirt off over his long hair. He was a good looking man with a three day beard and a tight body. Jackie took notice and smiled as well. Rick pointed to the skull tattooed on his lower abdomen. It had a bike with flames behind it and the words “Ride on” over the top. The rest of the tattoo was covered by his tight jeans that he unbuttoned and pulled down. The rest of the tattoo was some design work with intersecting lines and shading. The tattoo ended a few inches from Rick’s ball sack that was prominent in Jackie’s view. Rick wasn’t wearing underwear and his cock was dangling loose for Jackie to see. 
“Nice,” Jackie said. “Who did it?”
“Mason, at “Firebrand Tattoo.””
“Kind of weird having a guy with his hands so close to your junk isn’t it?”
“He ain’t no queer, and neither am I,” Rick replied. 
“I was kidding,” Jackie said. “Don’t be so defensive. Are you going to let that thing hang out or are you putting it away?”
“I was hoping you’d do it for me,” Rick said with a smile. 
“You came here to get laid didn’t you?” Jackie asked. 
“No, I came here to make love to you. I haven’t had a girlfriend in three years. I don’t go around screwing every woman I can find.”
“Seriously? I have to think about this,” Jackie said. “I get hit on a million times a night. I could get laid twenty four hours a day if I wanted. I don’t see why I should give it up to you. We hardly know each other.”
“I’m not like those other guys,” Rick said. “I see you every day.”
“Yeah, I know, and you waited until now to get to know me? And then expect me to jump into bed with you?”
“I said make love. I have feelings for you.”
“You have a funny way of showing it,” Jackie replied. 
“Give me a chance, that’s all I ask.”
Jackie knew her husband was an asshole, but she didn’t want to ruin her marriage with a man she didn’t know. He was hot, amazingly hot and made her husband look like a pathetic fuck. Most of the guys that came into the bar were gross, Rick wasn’t gross, and he could be a model. So Jackie was torn between screwing the hottest guy she ever met and staying faithful to her husband. The same husband that forced her to give blow jobs to Dr. Meyer and have lesbian sex with Dr.Page. 
“Fine, let’s go upstairs,” Jackie said. “She was feeling vengeful.
Rick was elated. He pulled up his pants enough that he could walk and followed Jackie upstairs to the bedroom. She had been forced by her husband to have sex with other men, even getting pregnant by Dr. Meyer at one time so she really had no reason to feel guilty for screwing one of the bartenders. 
Once in the bedroom, the automatic recording device kicked in on the new surveillance system Tom installed in the bedroom. He wasn’t satisfied with the nanny cam so he put in something much better. And now Jackie and Rick’s every move was being recorded with three different cameras set up in the room. All being saved to the laptop in the basement. 
Jackie was used to being nude. Almost more used to it than being dressed, but getting undressed for Rick was different. Rick wasn’t a total stranger and she wasn’t being forced to go through with this so it was exciting. “You’ve seen me naked so many times, how can this be anything sexy for you?” Jackie asked. 
“I could see you naked all day long and never get used to it. You are incredibly hot. I was so glad when Bob hired you. I always looked forward to your set. I dreamed about being up on stage fucking the shit out of you in front of the crowd.”
Now Jackie was aroused. She knew she was getting wet and watched Rick take off all his clothes and lie on the bed. She looked at the clock and knew she had at least two hours before she had to get ready Two hours of heaven. Rick motioned for Jackie to join him so she crawled onto the bed and onto Rick feeling his rock hard cock press into her soft round hip. She put her hand on the cock and slid her hand up and down rubbing it till it was hard enough to break a rock in two. 
Jackie wanted to make this last but she could tell by the way Rick was acting that she was in for about ten minutes of good sex and then he’d be gone. She didn’t know if he was lying to her or not, but at this point she didn’t care. In a way it was payback for the way Tom had treated her and what he had made her do. She deserved something in return and now she was going to get it. 
“You’re hot,” Jackie said. 
“Thanks,” Rick replied. “You’re not bad yourself,” Rick added with a grin. He thought she was joking.  
“No, I mean you should be cold.”
“What?” Rick asked. 
“You’re a vampire, aren’t you dead?” Jackie asked. 
“The undead,” Rick replied. 
“Either way, why are you warm?”
“I can’t explain it, do you want to talk about this now?” Rick asked. He could feel his erection getting limp. 
Jackie knew she was killing the mood so she got on top of Rick and slid his cock inside her. She began to rock back and forth sliding it in and out keeping the vampire hard. She still wanted to talk. “Is that better?” Jackie asked. 
In the basement, the computer had three good angles of Jackie and Rick on the bed. Tom had spent hours getting the camera’s set up and hidden for the best picture he could get. The cameras were special low light so if the lights were turned off in the room, it would switch to infrared and capture all the action. 
“Yes, that’s much better,” Rick said feeling Jackie’s wet pussy slide up and down on his throbbing cock. 
“So tell me why you’re warm,” Jackie said. 
“I said I can’t explain it,” Rick replied. 
“Were you born a vampire or where you turned?”
“God, please, can we discuss this when we’re done?”
“You might leave when we’re done, I want to know now,” Jackie replied. 
“I was turned, ok?” Rick replied. 
“When?”
“Fuck, back when I was a kid,” Rick replied. 
“Really? How’d that happen?”
“I was being molested by one of my teachers at school. His brother was a vampire and he bit me.”
“You were molested? I’m sorry,” Jackie said. 
“It was a long time ago, I got the fucker back, and his brother.”
“How?”
Frustrated, Rick replied, “When I got into high school my brother had him in Jr. High, he started the same shit with him. I wasn’t going to let that prick do to him what he did to me. So I broke into his house and ripped him to shreds.”
“And you got away with it?” Jackie asked. 
“This was before all the CSI shit, they didn’t even suspect me.”
“What about his brother?”
“Since he was a vampire, he wouldn’t be as easy to kill, so I let him live,” Rick replied. 
“Is he still alive now?”
“I don’t know and I don’t care,” Rick replied. 
“Did he molest your brother?”
“No, nobody touched my brother after that. Or me for that matter.”
“Where is your brother now?” Jackie asked. 
“Why do you care? Do you want to fuck him too?” 
“Hey! You came here to get laid, not the other way around!” Jackie snapped. 
“I told you I have feelings for you, I didn’t come here just to get laid. I could get laid anytime I want. I’m not a bad looking man!” Rick snapped. “And as far as my brother goes, he lives in Des Moines Iowa and works as a shift manager in a hog processing plant. You want his phone number so you can text him later?” Rick asked. 
“Don’t get so pissed, I’m curious. If you like me as much as you say, a few questions shouldn’t be a big deal,” Jackie said. “You’re getting laid, now chill out.”
“I’m about to lose my boner here, can you step it up a bit?” Rick asked. 
Now Jackie was getting pissed. “Step it up? What am I? You’re slave? You can get your shit and get the fuck out.”
Jackie started to pull off of Rick when he grabbed her by her wide hips and pulled her back down. “Hold on, ok, I’ll calm down, can we stop with the twenty questions routine?”
“One more,” Jackie said. 
“Fine, what is it?” Rick asked. 
“If Tom ever found out I was fucking you, what would you do?”
Rick laid there and looked at the ceiling thinking. “I have no idea, he won’t find out so don’t worry about it.”
“That’s not the point, let’s say he walked in the door right now and caught us, what would you do?” Jackie asked. 


Chapter 26
Diamond


Bob finally came down from Nonna’s apartment and joined the real world again. He realized the cops weren’t coming to get him and that Dr. Page, Miller and Thompson must have either died or decided not to turn him in. Either way, he needed to get the bar back to normal, then Tom approached him with a new idea. In Bob’s office, Tom came inside and sat down with a smile on his face and an enthusiasm Bob’s hadn’t seen in a while. 
“I want to run something past you Bob,” Tom said. 
Not sure that he wanted to hear what Tom was proposing, Bob replied, “Ok, what is it?”
“I think we’ve been doing this all wrong. I think we can industrialize the blood operation.”
“I have the correct cooler, what else do you think I should be doing?” Bob asked. 
“Not that stuff, I mean the stuff we make, the bootleg blood,” Tom replied. 
“I’m not sure I want to get back into that, the first try didn’t go well.”
“That was because it was our first try. I learned from our mistakes. I know how to do this that will work.”
“Ask Dr. Meyer how well it worked,” Bob said. 
“Dr. Meyer is fine with it.”
“Really? Last I heard he’s no longer working at the clinic, and his wife is on death row,” Bob said. 
“Death row? That was fast.”
“There was a whole room of witnesses, didn’t take much to convict her. I hear it’s going to be on pay per view.”
“They don’t kill people on pay per view.”
“They do now, saw it advertised during the game. I think it’s set for Saturday night,” Bob said. 
“That’s fucked up, how much does it cost?” Tom asked. 
“$39.99 I think,” Bob asked. 
“Are you going to get it for the bar?”
“We only have the one television, I don’t think it’s worth it.”
“Shit Bob, she killed Sandy here, it would be a huge draw. Borrow some big screens, make it an event. You could make a killing on it.”
“I’ll think about it, what did you want to do now?”
“Oh yeah, I have an idea to turn one of your apartments upstairs into a blood processing station.”
“Like what we had in the basement?” Bob asked. 
“Yes, and no. What I have planned is more like a processing plant, like they do for cattle and hogs.”
“And how would this work?” Bob asked. 
“Ok, first, do you still have one apartment for rent?” Tom asked. 
“Yes,” Bob replied. 
“Is it apartment number two?”
“Yes,” Bob replied. 
“Good, that’s the apartment over the bar if I’m correct. What I plan to do is to run some tubing from that apartment, into the floor, through the walls and into the bar itself. I’ll put in a spigot so I can pour the blood from behind the bar like the rest of the drinks.”
“Sounds good so far, where do you plan to get the blood?” 
“I’m still working on that, but once I get my livestock, I plan to hang them up from the ceiling, and bleed them into a five gallon bucket with a drain spigot at the bottom. The bucket will have activated charcoal inside a cheese cloth pouch to clean out the contaminants.”
“You still need “livestock” as you put it. Do you know how hard it will be to dispose of the bodies?” Bob asked. “And I don’t want you fucking up the ceiling.”
“I got that covered. I plan to seal off one of the rooms in the apartment with plastic and put in a couple dehydrators. Once I bleed out the bodies, I dry them out until they are mummies and take them out during the night. I rent a wood chipper, take the bodies out to your place and shred them into pulp.”
Bob leaned back in his chair and thought for a moment. “Then I have chipped bones all over my property.”
“You have thirty acres, we can bury them if you want.”
“All this for a drink that we don’t sell much of to start with? We’d need a lot more demand before this would ever make any money,” Bob said. 
“We would have to market it, yes. But it would be worth it once we get going. We can cut the price in half and make a killing.”
“I like most of your idea, but it would be too easy to get caught. The vampires might blab, you might get caught kidnapping someone. The cops would be all over it. Look at what we just went through.”
“That was a learning experience, I know better now,” Tom said. “Just give me a chance.”
“What do you need from me to get this started?”
“I need the keys to the apartment and about two hundred dollars so I can get the materials from the hardware store,” Tom replied. 

By Thursday, Tom had all the hardware in place including a pulley attached to a hook screwed into the ceiling joist. Tom knew Bob told him not to mess with the ceiling, but there wasn’t any other way to get the bodies up high enough to drain them. Once the money came in, Tom knew Bob wouldn’t mind. A rope was slung through the pulley with a snare on one side to attach to the victims ankles and the other was tied to another hook driven into the wall stud. A quick test with some tap water and Tom knew the hose system was leak proof and ready to go. He even labeled the spigot in the bar but hid it so no one could see it. Now it was time to test the system for real. 
Putting the word out to a few select regular vampires, Tom anticipated selling around ten frosty glasses of blood. That was less than he could get from an average person, but he felt if the blood was cleaned with the charcoal, he could put it in the fridge and sell the rest on Saturday night. Now to find his victim. 

Friday afternoon arrived and Tom was ready to hatch his plan. He had combed the local homeless shelters and looked for people no one would miss but found it much more difficult to find a blood supply. Then he had an idea. Driving downtown he found the more seedy part of town where the prostitutes worked. It seemed they were on the streets twenty four hours a day ready to make a buck for a fuck. He was surprised at how easy it was to pick up a girl as they practically ran up to his vehicle offering their services. He didn’t know which one to pick until one actually opened his door and got in. 
“Its forty dollars for straight sex, with condom or twenty for a blow job,” the girl said. Her street name was Diamond. Without prompting. She knew how to sell herself and obviously had done this many times before. 
“Uh, ok,” Tom replied. He had never picked up a prostitute before and didn’t know how to react. “I think straight sex would be fine.”
“I know a hotel,” Diamond said. “Turn at the end of the block.”
“I have a place,” Tom replied. 
“Oh no, I don’t go to your place, that’s not how it works.”
“I won’t pay for a hotel,” Tom replied. 
Diamond thought for a moment. “Where is it?”
“Two blocks away, upstairs over the Blood Bar.”
“That’s close to the self-serve abortion clinic isn’t it?” Diamond asked. 
“It’s a few door down yes,” Tom replied. 
“I know that place, I’ve used it a couple times.”
“So you’re cool with my place?” Tom asked. 
“Yeah,” Diamond replied. She pulled out her phone and sent a message. 
“What are you doing?” Tom asked. 
“Sending a message to my sister. Why you so nosy?”
“Sorry, maybe you’re a cop sending a message to bust me.”
“Do I look like a cop?” Diamond asked. 
“Let me see your pussy then,” Tom said. 
“Why would I let you see my pussy?”
“A cop wouldn’t,” Tom replied. 
Frustrated, Diamond lifted her short skirt and showed Tom her pussy. She wasn’t wearing panties. “How’s that?” Diamond asked. 
“Nice, you really should shave that stubble,” Tom added. 
“Fuck you,” Diamond replied. “You want to fuck or give me shit?”
“We’re almost there,” Tom said as he pulled up to the back of the building. In the alley there was a set of fire stairs that led up to the apartments. It was the best way Tom had to hide his victims and the same way he was planning to dispose of the dried up bodies. The livestock would walk themselves up the stairs and Tom would toss their dried up carcass off the ledge into the back of his truck. 

The pair entered the hallway from the back entrance and walked to apartment number two. Tom led Diamond inside and she immediately noticed the pulley and rope hanging from the ceiling. “What’s that for? Some weird sex shit? I’m not into that.”
“No, it’s for my hobby,” Tom said. He shut the door and picked up the baseball bat hidden behind the door. Diamond turned around to face Tom just in time to see the bat coming at her face. It hit with a crack sending Diamond to the floor which was covered from edge to edge with plastic. She didn’t bleed, the bat was covered with a plastic foam that Tom sprayed on it. He didn’t want his victim dead, he just wanted her unconscious. 
Tom needed to work quickly, he grabbed Diamond by her ankles and tied the loop end around them snugging up the knot. He then pulled her close to the center of the room so he wouldn’t have to lift hard on the rope. Once he had her in place, he grabbed the rope from the wall tie and began to lift her into the air. He knew she would be difficult to lift, but was shocked at how much she weighed. She looked to be five foot six and about one twenty, but it felt like five hundred. Once he had her up as close to the ceiling as he could get, he tied off the rope to the hook in the wall and let her hang. 
Tom then brought in the bucket from the other room, hooked up the plastic tubing to the spigot on the bottom of the bucket and made sure the charcoal was inside, wrapped in the cheesecloth. Now it was time to bleed her out. Tom was pretty cold hearted, but killing this girl took more guts than he thought he had. Fishing his knife out from his pocket, he made sure the bucket was below Diamond and slit her wrists allowing the blood to drain. She didn’t budge, he wasn’t sure she was still alive at this point. 
Tom stood back and watched the blood drain, it was much slower than he thought it would be, but over time, she managed to fill about a third of the bucket. He turned the spigot to let the blood drain into the tube but it only went a few feet. He would have to go down to the bar and open that spigot as well to allow the blood to flow down. It was getting close to the bar opening and now realized that the blood would be sitting out in the warm air for hours. Maybe he needed to go down to the freezer and get some ice. And while he was at it, turn on the dehydrator to get Diamond started on her mummification. 
The dehydration room was next door and Tom had no desire to take Diamond down now. He was too excited to see if the mechanism worked and wanted to sell a frosty right away. He was like a school kid with a new toy wanting to try it out and brag about it. Only bragging would get him prison time. He had to watch what he said and to whom he said it too. He had arranged for some taste testers to come to the bar tonight and wanted them to tell him how awesome his blood was. 
Then a knock on the door. In shock, Tom walked over to the door and looked out the peep hole. Standing on the other side was a skinny guy with a beard and long hair. He looked like a meth head with pink eyes and missing teeth. The man knocked again and Tom backed away not knowing what to do. 
“Open the door!” the man yelled. 
Tom stood dumbfounded and scared. Behind him was a dead hooker drained of all her blood and on the other side of the door was a man he didn’t know demanding to come inside. He had to be her pimp, and now Tom was fucked. 

Chapter 27
Pepper

Bob heard a knock on his office door. He was used to having staff come in for this or that, to complain about a coworker or try to switch shifts so he yelled, “Come in.” What he saw enter his office was a five foot three woman, about two hundred pounds, covered in tattoos waddle in and take a seat. She was already winded. 
“Hello, what can I do for you?” Bob asked. 
The woman replied, “I’m looking for a job, a friend of mine told me you hire strippers.”
Bob bit his lip and tried not to shake his head in disgust. “What’s your name?” Bob asked. 
“Linda Rose, but my stage name is Pepper,” Linda replied. 
“Stage name? You’ve danced before?” Bob asked. 
“No, but I like that name.”
“I see, so you have no experience.”
“No.”
“Not to sound rude, but what made you think you could dance professionally in a bar?” Bob asked. 
“It can’t be that hard, you just take off your clothes and swing around a pole,” Linda replied. 
“Have you seen what these girls can do with a pole?”
“I’ve watched a few video’s on line.”
Bob paused for a moment to drink this all in. He looked at the tattoos that covered most of Linda’s arms and the huge picture of a child scrawled across her thick neck. “Most of the dancers I hire have a few tattoos here and there, I’m not sure about yours.”
“What do you mean? Tattoos are in these days,” Linda said. She was getting defensive. 
“Yes I know, there is a tattoo shop next door, but I’m old school. I like my girls clean looking.”
“Clean looking? What does that mean?”
Bob knew he picked the wrong words and was in for a fight now. “Maybe clean looking wasn’t the right thing to say. What I meant to say is that my customers are used to seeing pink skin, not dark tattoos, they can be distracting.”
“Distracting,” Linda said back flat. “Sounds like discrimination to me.”
“No, not at all. You made the choice to cover yourself with them, I as an employer can choose who I want to hire. I prefer girls that have very few tattoos,” Bob said. 
“So that’s it? I don’t get the job?” Linda asked. 
“Maybe not that job, I could use someone to clean overnights.”
“How much does that pay?” Linda asked. 
Bob chewed on it for a moment. “Nine dollars an hour, thirty hours a week,” Bob replied. 
“Nine dollars an hour? I can’t pay my bills on that. And I need more than thirty hours a week.”
“I’m sorry, that’s the best I can do,” Bob replied. 
Linda shook her head. She was about to get up out of her chair and fling it at Bob. “How much do the dancers make?” Linda asked. 
“I’d say around three hundred a night on weekdays, maybe five hundred on the weekends,” Bob replied. 
“Jesus,” Linda said. “Can you at least give me a chance?” 
“I’m afraid you might chase off my regular customers,” Bob replied. 
“What the fuck? Chase off customers? You must think I’m pretty disgusting.”
“Personally, I like fat women, but the tattoos look trashy to me.”
“Now you’re calling me fat,” Linda stated. 
“What am I supposed to say? Have you looked in a mirror?”
“I did that last two days practicing my routine. I look fucking hot!”
Bob wanted this woman to leave but thought she would never stay away unless he drove home his point. “Take off your clothes,” Bob said. Almost demanding. 
“What? No way,” Linda replied. 
“If you want a crack at this job, you’ll do as I say. I never, and I mean never, hire a girl without first looking her over. I might even get out a magnifying glass just to look at the pimples on your pussy. If you want me to consider you for a job here, I suggest you drop your panties, and you attitude and show me what you got.”
Linda pushed her chair back with attitude, stood up and stripped down tossing her clothes on the floor next to her. She stood naked like a cow at an auction. 
“Step over here so I can see you,” Bob said. 
Linda walked over to the side of Bob’s desk. He noticed right away that her belly hung down over her crotch and that her crotch was so fat you couldn’t see anything anyway. Her boobs were huge sacks of fat that protruded off her chest like bowling balls. The nipples pancake shaped and huge. 
“How do you plan to swing from my poles? I don’t think they are rated for someone your size,” Bob said. 
“I don’t have to swing on them,” Linda replied. She was pissed but keeping it from boiling over. 
“What do you plan to do on stage?”
“Dance, what do you think?”
“The men who come here are looking for a certain style of dance. The pole is the main part of the routine. I don’t see how you can just skip that,” Bob said. “Can you show me what you mean by dancing?”
Linda felt like a fish in a fish tank on display. “Fine,” Linda said and she waddled back a few steps. She began by moving her hips from side to side and then stepping around in a circular motion. Her boobs rocked back and forth almost knocking her off balance. She continued this dance for about a minute when Bob stopped her. 
“What is that?” Bob asked. 
“It’s called dancing,” Linda replied. 
“I’ve seen better dancing at a Jr. High mixer.”
“Fuck you asshole,” Linda replied. 
“Not with that pussy,” Bob snapped back. “You can get your shit and go. I think the self-serve abortion clinic is hiring.”
“I tried them, they said to come here,” Linda replied as she tried to gather her clothes off the floor. She finally had to sit down and get dressed. It took her a good ten minutes to get her clothes back on and leave the room. 

It was past three in the afternoon and Tom wasn’t back from setting up his experiment upstairs. Bob was getting agitated since Tom was the only bartender scheduled until six. Using his phone, Bob texted Tom to no avail. He left several messages and went back out into the bar. There were no customers yet, and one girl on stage, but soon the place would start to fill up and Bob would be fucked if he had no bartender. It was Friday, and the night of Tom’s big plan. 
Frustrated, Bob climbed the stairs to the apartments and walked the hall to where Tom was setting up. The door was open about six inches so he decided to push it all the way open and enter. When he did, he saw a man hanging upside down from a rope with his wrists slit draining into a white five gallon bucket. Off to the side lying on the ground was a woman who was pale and dead. 
“Tom!” Bob yelled. 
“Wait a second! I’ll be right there,” Tom yelled back from the other room. He emerged from behind the plastic sheet. “Hey Bob, how’s it going?” Tom asked. 
“Who’s that?” Bob asked. 
Tom looked at the man hanging from the ceiling. “He’s her pimp,” Tom replied. 
“And what did you do to my ceiling? I told you not to fuck with the ceiling!” Bob snapped. 
“I can cover it with plaster, don’t worry about it,” Tom replied. “Hey, I got four gallons of blood.”
Bob stepped forward and looked at the blood in the bucket. The pimp’s hands were about six inches above the top. “If this guy were any taller you’d have a problem with your system.”
“I know, I’m not sure how I’m going to fix that. Maybe I just need to kill shorter people,” Tom replied. 
“Where did you dig these two up?” Bob asked. 
“I picked her up three blocks away, and he came a looking when she didn’t return,” Tom replied. 
“Did he put up a fight?”
“He didn’t see my bat coming till it was too late,” Tom replied. “He bled a lot, she didn’t bleed at all. I must have hit him a lot harder.” Tom took notice that the pimp was no longer draining into the bucket. “I think I’ve bled him dry.”
“So now what?” Bob asked. 
“So now I drag her into the dehydration room, move the bucket, let him down and put him in there with her,” Tom replied. 
“You’re late to work you know, I don’t have another bartender till six.”
“Can you cover for an hour? Maybe even a half hour?” Tom asked. 
Bob hated bartending. He always thought it beneath him. He was the boss, not the help. But he had no choice and was actually wondering if Tom’s plan would work. “I suppose, so tell me how many vampires are coming tonight? You have a lot of blood to sell.”
“I put the word out, but I really don’t know for sure. I’m hoping for ten or so,” Tom replied. 
Bob looked into the bucket and saw a lump floating at the top about the size of his hand outstretched. “What’s that floating in the blood?” Bob asked. 
“That’s the cheesecloth with the charcoal,” Tom replied. 
“Oh, yeah, I forgot about that,” Bob replied. “Ok, I’m going back downstairs, and don’t be long.”
Tom nodded his head and Bob left the room heading back downstairs to the bar. When he arrived, he noticed right away Dr. Meyer sitting on the other side of the bar watching the television. He looked much better, and healthier. 
“Hello doctor, what can I get for you?” Bob asked. 
Dr. Meyer was spooked by Bob’s voice and jumped in his seat. “Oh, nothing. We need to talk,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Talk? About what?” Bob asked. 
“As you may or may not know, I was fired from the clinic. I haven’t worked in weeks.”
“Sorry to hear that,” Bob said. 
“I do feel you are partially responsible for my termination.”
“I don’t know about that, what was the reason they gave you for firing you? They can’t just fire you because you’re a vampire.”
“I know, I was caught stealing blood from the lab,” Dr. Meyer said. “I wouldn’t have had to steal blood if it weren’t for you and your minions.”
“Hey, that was Rick I think who did that, I didn’t tell them to turn you. I just told them to dump you in the river. On the surface that doesn’t sound much better, but I did not tell them to bite you.”
“He was working for you, it’s the same thing. He was in your charge and you were responsible for what he did,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“So what do you want from me? You think I owe you something?” Bob asked. 
“I didn’t at first, but because my wife is a convicted murderer, I can’t collect on her life insurance once she’s executed. I was relying on that money to get me by until I could find work.”
“I’m not a bank,” Bob said. 
“I could take you to court,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“You’re threatening to sue me?” Bob replied. 
“Yes, and once they find out it was you that had me strung up, bled and then tossed in the river, you will spend the rest of your short life in prison.”
“You have the balls to extort me?”
“You had the balls to attempt my murder. I think it’s only fair. All I want is enough money to get me by until I can get my life back,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“How much is that?” 
“I need one thousand a week,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Why not make it a thousand a day? I can’t afford that.”
“You’re selling illegal blood now, you can make up the difference.”
“How did you hear about that?”
“You’re bartender had told every vampire that’s come in here. It’s all over the vampire community.”

Chapter 28
Message

Jeff and Tom were busy at the bar waiting on customers when Tom noticed a group of vampires walk in the door. They were semi regulars that came around once every few months but Tom was sure they were there for the special. Getting word out was dangerous and could backfire, but there was no other way to advertise the new and improved blood drink. He had gallons of it to sell and had it priced at sixty dollars a mug, half of what the commercial version cost. There were three pints of the watered down version in the cooler, in case more FDA agents showed up and poked around. 
One of the vampires approached the bar. It was another packed Friday night so he had to squeeze between the customers at the bar to place his order. “Three blood frosties,” the vampire said. He held up three fingers to make sure Tom knew what he said. 
Tom nodded his head, pulled three frosty mugs from the freezer and stepped in front of the spigot he hid behind some bottles. He didn’t want anyone to see where he was pouring from and filled the three mugs with his back turned to the crowd. Once the mugs were filled, Tom spun around and set them on the bar. “That will be one eighty,” Tom said. 
The vampire pulled out his wallet and fished out the cash and tossed it on the counter. Tom made change and the vampire was on his way. His first sale felt great. If he could sell the rest of the blood tonight, he’d make a killing. Then the vampire came back. The only thought that crossed Tom’s mind was that the blood tasted like shit and the charcoal filter didn’t work. Who knows what kinds of drugs the prostitute and the pimp were taking. 
“I need one more,” the vampire said. 
“How’s it taste?” Tom asked. He noticed the vampire had some blood on his lip.
“Not bad,” the vampire replied to Tom’s relief. 
Tom grabbed another frosty mug and filled it. He handed it to the vampire who tossed more cash on the counter. 
“I hope you have plenty of blood, I think we’ll be here for a while,” the vampire said. 
Tom was elated. He wanted to jump up and down and shout to the world that he finally had an idea that worked. Then he felt his phone vibrate. He knew he had a text, or some sort of message on his phone. He turned around for a moment as he pulled the phone out of his pocket and checked his messages. He saw he had two messages, one from Jackie who was about to go on stage, the other was an automatic message sent from the software on his computer laptop at home. He checked the message from Jackie first. It said she got a ride to work from one of the other dancers so she needed to ride home with Tom after work. The other message was five hours old and said that there was a new recording on the laptop and asked if he wanted to view. 
Tom had the laptop set to record from ten in the morning until ten at night if the motion sensor was tripped. Normally Jackie laid her clothes out in the bathroom the night before and got ready there and he figured maybe she stepped into the bedroom to get something. No big deal, but he pressed the view button anyway. What he saw shocked him to his core. He watched on the view screen as Rick fucked his wife on his bed. Tom looked away from the phone a moment to the entrance of the bar and saw Rick sitting there checking I.D.’s. Tom began to fume and his anger swelled. He looked back to the screen and watched more of Rick pound his wife on the bed. Tom could choose from three different views so he poked the screen and changed the angles to get a better look oblivious to the customers who were waiting to order drinks. 
Tom shook his head in disgust. He wanted to walk over and kill Rick right where he stood. But Tom remained calm, as calm as he could. Any moment Jackie would take the main stage and he didn’t know what he’d do. The bar was packed and he was a good forty feet away from the main stage, about the same distance from Rick. Then Tom heard a voice call to him, “Tom!” Jeff yelled. “You have customers waiting!”
Tom returned to reality for a moment. He looked at the customers who were trying to get his attention. 
“I need two Jaeger bombs,” a customer said. 
Tom nodded and turned to make the drinks. All he could think of was his wife fucking the bouncer. The bouncer he considered a friend. Tom spun around and handed the drinks off and took the cash. 
Jeff took notice that Tom seemed distracted. “What’s wrong,” Jeff asked. 
“I don’t feel well,” Tom replied. 
“You got the flu?”
“I don’t know, my stomach hurts,” Tom replied. 
“I can’t handle this crowd by myself, is Bob around?”
Tom didn’t hear what Jeff had asked. He was focused on what he saw on the phone. 
“Tom! Is Bob around?” Jeff asked. 
“No, not until ten,” Tom replied. 
“Can you make it till then?”
Tom looked up over the customers and saw his wife Jackie step up onto the main stage. Now he was enraged. How could that fucking cunt cheat on him? Livid, Tom ignored the rest of the customers who were vying for his attention and watched Jackie start her routine. Tom wanted to see if Jackie would look over to Rick, maybe give him a smile or some other sign she wanted round two. 
Jackie spun around the pole and stuck out her rear to the crowd. Then she squatted down and gave the front row a good view of her freshly shaven pussy. She looked over her shoulder and spied Tom looking back at her with demons in his eyes. Not sure what to make of her husband, she stood up and spun around the pole again. This time she locked eyes with Tom and gave him the “What’s wrong?” look. Tom stood stoic, not moving a muscle, just staring at her like he wanted to rip her head off. 
Not sure what to do, Jackie decided to continue to dance and ignore Tom. She could deal with him later. Tom had enough, he stormed off and walked around the bar into the crowd towards the stage. When he got there, he stepped up and approached Jackie from behind. She didn’t see him coming, and the crowd didn’t know what was going on. If it was part of the show or what. 
Then Tom grabbed Jackie by her hair and pulled her backwards knocking her to the floor. With her six inch heels, it wasn’t hard to make her lose her balance. Once Jackie was down on the floor of the stage, Tom came down and put his hands around her throat to the shock and amazement of the crowd. Before he could do any real damage, Rick grabbed Tom by his head and pulled him back trying to separate him from Jackie. Tom could feel the pressure and let go of Jackie so he could deal with whoever was grabbing him from behind. When he spun around to see who was holding his head, Tom exploded. 
Spinning around, Tom managed to stand up and face Rick who was up on stage with him and Jackie. The music had stopped and the rest of the crowd stood watching to see what the two men were going to do. Jackie scrambled away and ran to the dressing room.
“You mother fucking vampire,” Tom said. He was panting and sweating. 
“What are you doing Tom?” Rick asked. 
“I’m taking care of business, what’s it to you Rick? You don’t like me touching your pussy?”
Rick realized that Tom knew about the hook up with his wife. He didn’t know how, maybe Jackie blabbed, but now he was in for a fight. “What are you talking about?” Rick asked. It was the only thing he could think of to say. 
“You know what I’m talking about. How’s Jackie?”
“How’s Jackie what?”
“In bed you stupid fuck!” Tom yelled. 
Rick didn’t know what to say. Denying the hookup now was pointless. But debating it was just as pointless. “What do you care? You whore her out for money anyway.”
Tom knew Rick was right, but he wasn’t going to let him win. “She’s my wife, I control who she fucks, and I would never let her screw a worthless shit fuck like you. You don’t have anything I want.”
Rick smiled. “You think calling me names hurts me? This isn’t Jr. High.”
“Oh, I’m going to hurt you, you can bet on that,” Tom said. 
“I’m a vampire, I’m three times as strong as you. I wouldn’t try it if I were you.”
Then a familiar voice spoke up. It was Bob. “Maybe not him, but you better fear me asshole!” Bob said. He held a shotgun aimed at Rick’s face. 
Rick replied, “What are you going to do? Shoot me in front of everyone? What crime did I commit?”
“You don’t fuck another man’s wife,” Bob said. “I should give this gun to Tom and let him clean house.”
Rick put up his hands in defeat. He knew he was fucked. “Fine, I’ll go.”
“Not good enough,” Bob said. “We can’t have you coming back around chasing Jackie’s pussy. This has to end now.”
“Death isn’t the punishment for adultery,” Rick said. “I fucked her once, it was a mistake.”
“I grant you that, it was a mistake.”
“No one deserves to die for one mistake.”
“No, but you made two,” Bob said. 
“What are you talking about?”
“I don’t want to discuss this in front of everyone, but you did something that has made my life hell.”
Rick still didn’t get what Bob was saying. 
“Maybe you should keep your fangs to yourself,” Bob said. 
Then Rick understood what Bob meant. He was talking about how Dr. Meyer was turned into a vampire prior to being tossed in the river. “That was Tony!”
“Tony’s long gone, easy to pin it on him,” Bob replied. 
“I swear, it wasn’t me!”
“That’s not what I heard.”
“That was a rumor, you can’t believe everything you hear.”
“Either way, you’re done,” Bob said. 
“If you shoot me here in front of all these witnesses, you’ll hang for sure,” Rick said. 
“I’m seventy five years old, I don’t have much time left as is.”
“I can turn you, you can live forever,” Rick said as he bargained for his life. 
“And live like you?”
“There are at least a dozen vampires in this room right now Bob, I’d watch what you say about them.”
“I have a feeling if they had the choice, they’d rather not be vampires.”
“Based on what? You’re vast experience of being one?”
“I am one,” Bob said. 
Rick didn’t know what to say. He had no idea Bob was a vampire, neither did anyone else for that matter. “If that’s so, you know a gunshot won’t kill me.”
“Yeah, but I can’t burn you in the bar and I don’t think I’d get away with cutting off your head with everyone watching. The gun would slow you down, then I could do what I want.”
Rick needed to be able to bargain, then he thought about using the information he had on the illegal blood drink Bob was selling. But before Rick could say anything, Bob pulled the trigger and shot Rick in the chest. The spray of shot also hit the mirror behind Rick and shattered it to pieces sending shards down onto the stage. The crowd erupted and people ran to the door to escape. Rick lay on the stage wounded and vulnerable.
Tom stepped over to Bob with a knife in his hand. “Do you mind if I do it?” Tom asked. 
“No, go ahead,” Bob replied. 
Tom stepped up onto the stage and found a good position to get to Rick’s neck. Once he found the right spot, Tom cut into Rick until his head was separated from his body. With a sense of satisfaction, Tom stood up and kicked Rick’s head off the stage and onto the floor. 
“Now I have to shampoo the carpet,” Bob said with a smile. 
“And get a new mirror,” Tom replied. “I had no idea you were a vampire.”
“I’m not, I lied to the fucker.”
“Why?”
“To piss him off more,” Bob replied. 
“That’s awesome, so now what? I suppose the police will be here any minute.”
“Yeah, I’ll call it self-defense.”
Then Tom realized that he had two bodies upstairs drying. If the police showed up, they might find them. Nothing ever changed, he was as fucked as ever. 

Chapter 29
Three weeks later

Rick’s decapitated body lie in the dehydration room in the apartment upstairs along with five new kills. By the time the police showed up, Tom and Bob managed to move the dead vampire and cover their tracks. They told police that Rick took off and they bought the story. Things were as back to normal as they could be, with the exception of Tom and Jackie. Their relationship was strained from the start and now it teetered on exploding. Tom came up with a list of new rules for Jackie to follow, and Jackie, feeling guilty for cheating on her husband agreed to follow them. She was like a dog on a leash. 
It was another busy Friday night and the place was packed. The mirror on the main stage was replaced, and all three stages were up and running with two new dancers, Gina and Diane. Upstairs, the bucket was filled with fresh blood from another dead prostitute and Tom was selling her blood a glass at a time. It seemed like things were finally back to normal when Tom noticed a new customer sitting in the back corner. He was dressed in a dark grey hooded jacket that covered his head and wore sunglasses. He looked like Ted Kaczynski, the Unabomber.  
Tom got Bob’s attention. “Did you see that guy in the back of the bar?” Tom asked pointing the man out to Bob. 
“No,” Bob said. He took a look. “What’s up with the hood and sunglasses?” Bob asked. 
“I don’t know, maybe you should talk to him. Somethings not right.”
“When did he get here?”
“I don’t know, I just noticed he was here.”
Bob kept an eye on the man who sat quiet in the back. He didn’t move, he just sat like a rock facing the main stage. 
Then Jackie came up to the bar. She seemed upset about something. “Are you tracking my phone?” Jackie asked. 
Tom stood silent. 
“I asked you a question, are you tracking my phone?”
“What makes you think that?” Tom asked. 
“I found a new app on my phone, you didn’t hide it very well. When did you download it? When I was asleep?”
Tom did download an app that would track Jackie’s phone by gps. “I don’t think it’s a bad idea considering what you did.”
“I told you I was sorry and that it would never happen again. You don’t need to track me, I’m not your child,” Jackie said. 
“No, you’re my wife, and you betrayed my trust. This is what you get when you go behind my back and fuck everyone you can find!” Tom snapped. The music in the bar was loud, but he could be heard. 
“I didn’t fuck everyone! I fucked Rick! Once!”
“Oh, and that makes it ok?”
Bob intervened. “Can you two save this for later? We have customers to serve.”
“No!” Jackie barked. “I want this fixed now! I want this off my phone!”
Tom stood stoic. He had no intention of removing the app from Jackie’s phone. “You want it off, do it yourself.”
Jackie looked at Tom with fire in her eyes. “I made a mistake, you can’t punish me forever.”
“I don’t consider a tracking app as punishment. I consider it a way to make sure you don’t do it again. If I were punishing you, you’d know it.”
“Oh really?” Jackie replied. “So I should be happy you haven’t beat the shit out of me? Is that it?”
“I know other guys would have if they were in my shoes,” Tom replied. 
“So I should bow down to you since all you did was fuck with my phone?”
“I’m not going to fight with you, you got it? Now get your butt to the dressing room.”
“You’re not my dad, you can’t tell me what to do,” Jackie said. She had her hands on her hips and looked like she was ready to fight. 
“Fine, do what you want,” Tom replied. 
“What does that mean? Are you going to go find someone to fuck to get back at me?”
“I have customers waiting.”
Jackie stood for a while and shook her head in disgust. “You will take this off my phone when we get home. I’m not some animal you can track. You don’t own me.”
“Obviously not,” Tom replied. “You seem to do whatever the fuck you want whenever you want anyway. You have no respect for me whatsoever. Go fuck yourself, bitch.”
Jackie shook her head again and grinned. She looked around the counter and found an empty glass that she threw at Tom. The glass hit Tom in the neck and fell to the floor. 
“You stupid cunt!” Tom yelled. 
“What are you going to do? Hit me? I dare you!” Jackie yelled. 
Tom wanted nothing more than to run around the bar and beat the shit out of his whore cheating wife. He knew he couldn’t and wasn’t going to let her bait him. 
Then Bob spoke up. “Jackie, if you don’t leave you’re fired,” Bob said. 
Jackie stormed off to the dressing room leaving Tom and Bob behind. 
“Did you really put a tracker on her phone?” Bob asked. 
“Yes, and one in her car and I added five more cameras in the house. I can tell where she is and check video on my phone,” Tom replied. 
“Isn’t that a bit much? If you don’t trust her, why not get a divorce? You don’t have kids.”
“I don’t want a divorce, I want her to do what I want.”
“I think you’ve pushed her about as far as you can. Most women wouldn’t put up with your shit like she has.”
“What do you mean?”
“Didn’t she get pregnant so you could extort Dr. Meyer?”
“Yeah,” Tom replied. 
“Who does that kind of shit? You were willing to make a baby that you’d have to raise just to make some stupid fuck horny doctor pay? If I were your wife, I’d of told you to fuck off and leave. She actually did what you told her to do.”
“It was a good plan, and it almost worked. If that fucking doctor wouldn’t have given her an abortion, I’d be making a grand month.”
“And paying for a child. Did you take that into consideration?” Bob asked. 
“No, not really,” Tom replied. 
“You need to make up with her and stop trying to control her.”
“I’ll think about it,” Tom said. 

Tom found a moment to leave the bar when Jeff arrived for his shift. He needed to check on the bucket of blood to see how much was left. He sold six frosty mugs and figured he had about a gallon left, but wanted to make sure. Then he noticed the man in the hooded jacket was gone. “Did you see where the guy in the sunglasses went?” Tom asked Jeff. 
“I didn’t see anyone in sunglasses,” Jeff replied. 
Tom took another look and didn’t see the man. Thinking maybe the man had left the bar, Tom scurried up the steps to the apartment he used as a blood factory. He pulled his key to unlock the door when he noticed the door wasn’t completely closed. Tom would never leave the apartment unlocked so he knew someone had been here. Maybe Bob had come in to check on things that was the only thing that made sense. 
Cautiously, Tom pushed the door open and saw his latest victim hanging upside down from the ceiling. She was white and no longer draining into the bucket. Tom stepped over and looked to check the level of blood in the bucket when he heard a familiar voice. 
“I see you moved the operation upstairs,” the voice said. 
Tom turned and saw the hooded man sitting in the corner on the floor. He still had sunglasses on. It was Dr. Meyer, and there was something different about him. He looked darker, sickly, not like he did when he was recovering. 
“Dr. Meyer?” Tom asked. “So that’s who you are. Why the jacket and the sunglasses?”
“I’m changing,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“I’ve noticed,” Tom said. “And not for the better from what I see. I thought you were getting better.”
“I was, but something changed. I don’t know what.”
“I’ve never seen a vampire look like shit before. You didn’t drink some bad blood did you?”
“I don’t know, I may have. The blood I stole from the hospital may have been bad.”
“Why would they have bad blood in a hospital?”
“The blood I stole was to be destroyed. It was past its expiration date. I couldn’t steal from the regular supply,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Why did they fire you for taking old blood? They were going to toss it out anyway?”
“I don’t make the rules,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“I see, so why are you here?”
“I came to get what’s due.”
“Bob told me about your conversation, maybe you should take that up with him.”
“I plan too, I was waiting for him to come in, not you,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“This is my operation, I split the profit with Bob. If you want to talk to him, you need to go back downstairs,” Tom said. 
“How much do you make?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“What do you mean? How much blood do we get?”
“No, how much money do you make selling the blood?”
Tom was curious as to why Dr. Meyer cared about the money. He looked like he was about to die. “Take off your hood and sunglasses,” Tom said. 
“Why?”
“I want to see what you’re hiding under there.”
Dr. Meyer sat quiet as if he ignored Tom’s request. Then he slowly pulled back the hood and took off the sunglasses revealing a hideous sight. Dr. Meyer’s skin had the look of decay and infection. His skin was puffy and mottled with patches of dark and light red skin that was on the verge of sloughing off his bones. 
“That’s some sick shit,” Tom said. 
“I need antibiotics,” Dr. Meyer said.  “But no doctor will see me, and I have no money.”
“I can loan you a few bucks.”
“I need more than a few bucks, I want a third of what you make from selling blood.”
“A third?” Tom asked as if it was the most absurd thing he’d ever heard. 
“I can get you arrested for my attempted murder, and for the murder of everyone you have baking in the other room,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“I don’t think you can back up that threat,” Tom said. “You look like shit and I have enough tools in here to cut you up and carve you into pieces.”
“I’m sure you do, but you won’t.”
“And why is that?” Tom asked. 
“Because if you do, you’re wife will be dead as well.”
Tom was stunned by this comment. “What do you mean by that? How are you going to do anything to my wife if you’re dead?”
“I have my ways,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Yeah, well you better explain your ways before I start tearing off your fingernails with a pair of pliers.” 
Dr. Meyer smiled at Tom. He raised his hands and showed where his fingernails used to be. “You’re too late. They fell off days ago.”
“You’re going to rot and die anyway. Why don’t you just leave and go die under some bridge somewhere? Money won’t do you any good.”
“Maybe so, but I won’t go away that easy. You owe me, and I will collect. You will either pay me what I demand, or I will see to it that your wife goes down with me,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“I still don’t see how you can do anything to Jackie you sick fuck.”
“I have connections.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it. Nobody is bluffing me.”
“Are you willing to take that risk? Or put your wife at risk?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Tom looked down at Dr. Meyer and thought hard. He didn’t know what to do.


Chapter 30
Three weeks later

Tom left Dr. Meyer and went back downstairs to tend the bar. He didn’t have time to deal with the now decaying doctor that seemed to be watching over the blood operation. It was time for Jackie to be on the side stage and Tom saw that that it was empty. He looked at the other side stage and to the main stage and saw Krissy and Brenda on both of them respectively. Jeff was tending bar so Tom asked, “Where’s Jackie?”
Jeff shrugged his shoulders and continued to wait on customers. 
“When was the last time you saw her?”
“I don’t remember, after your fight,” Jeff replied. 
Tom was worried, he walked to the door that led to the back room and looked around. There was no one there. He then looked to the staircase that led to the basement, it was quiet as well. He yelled down the steps anyway in case Jackie was in one of the rooms, there was no answer.

Back at Dr. Meyers house, Jackie sat tied up on a kitchen chair, still nude, under a light that hung from the ceiling. The vampire that brought her there left the house with a pocketful of cash and nothing more. Dr. Meyer paid him to kidnap Jackie and bring him to his house when Tom was occupied. Dr. Meyer sat in the dark corner with his hood up and sunglasses on. He was smiling but Jackie couldn't see. “We meet again,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“Dr. Meyer? Is that you?” Jackie asked. 
“Yes, don’t you recognize me?”
Jackie tried to look into the darkness but couldn’t make out any features. “It sounds like you, sort of,” Jackie replied. 
Dr. Meyer leaned into the light so Jackie could see the hood covering his head. The light from the bulb reflected in his sunglasses. 
“What’s that smell?” Jackie asked. 
“That my dear, is the smell of decay,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m starting to rot,” Dr. Meyer replied. “An unfortunate result of my disease process.”
“Why did you bring me her?” Jackie asked. She was manic and panicky. 
“I need collateral. Something to sweeten the pot so your husband will pay.”
“Tom pay you? That has to be a joke,” Jackie said. “Tom doesn’t pay anyone anything, they pay him.”
“Not any longer,” Dr. Meyer replied. “I’m now a partner in his blood drink business.”
Jackie shook her head in disagreement. “I doubt that,” Jackie replied. “He’s put way too much work into that to share it with anyone but Bob.”
“That’s why I have you. How does it feel to have me around again?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“Fucking sick,” Jackie replied. 
“Do you miss sucking my cock?” Dr. Meyer asked. “I do, you gave the best head I ever had. Better than that bitch wife of mine, God rest her soul.”
“Did you see them fry her?” Jackie asked. “Tom paid for the pay per view, it was fucking awesome.”
“No, I didn’t see it,” Dr. Meyer replied. “But tell me, how would you like to suck me off again?”
“Are you fucking nuts? You’re rotting away.”
“I know, that makes this all the more thrilling for me.”
“How?”
“I call it sweet sweet revenge,” Dr. Meyer said. He stood and walked into the light exposing himself to Jackie who sat across the table. Dr. Meyer’s penis was like a flaccid dark mottled sausage that hung from his crotch. “I want to cum in your mouth again Jackie, like I used to when we would meet out on the country roads after work. Remember how you’d lean over the console and suck me off? I’d slip my hand down your pants and play with your pussy.”
“Yeah, how could I forget?” Jackie replied. Her eyes were locked on Dr. Meyer’s limp rotting dick. 
“I want that again,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“How would you get that thing up?” Jackie asked. “It’s about to fall off.”
“That’s not for you to worry about, now are you ready?”
Jackie’s eyes bugged out as she watched Dr. Meyer step closer. His penis grew larger with each step. “Get that thing away from me,” Jackie said. 
Dr. Meyer stopped a foot away from Jackie and put his hand on the back of her head as if he was going to pull her face down closer. Jackie pulled back and shook her head as she tried to get Dr. Meyer to lose his grip on her. 
“Don’t fight me Jackie,” Dr. Meyer said. “It will only take a minute.”
Dr. Meyer moved in and rubbed his penis against Jackie’s cheek, back and forth in a rhythmic motion. He began to moan as his member made contact with Jackie’s smooth skin. Jackie closed her eyes and let the doctor do what he wanted, she had little choice with her hands tied behind her. Then Dr. Meyer tried to slip his limp cock into Jackie’s mouth and she spit trying to get it away. With every motion, Dr. Meyer came closer to an orgasm. 
Then the doctor made a moaning sound and pulled Jackie’s face in close as he came on her with dark, rancid cum that drenched her from the forehead to her chin. It ran down onto her tits and legs making its way to the floor. It almost seemed alive. Once the doctor was done, he backed up and looked down upon Jackie with smug satisfaction. He got as close as he could to getting his revenge upon her. 
“Do you remember our baby?” Dr. Meyer asked as he sat back down in the dark. 
“The one you scraped out of me?” Jackie asked. She tried to ignore the juice that spotted her face and body. 
“Yes, I kept it,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“What the fuck?” Jackie asked. “Why would you do that?”
“In case I ever went to trial. I didn’t really know if it would benefit me or not, but it was better to have it than to toss it out.”
“Where is it?” Jackie asked. 
“In my office, in the refrigerator. At least it was, my office was cleared out after I was declared dead. Now who knows where our baby is.”
“It’s not a baby,” Jackie said. 
“Oh, let me tell you dear, it definitely is a baby. Or was for that matter. You should know, you’re the one who made it.”
“That was Tom’s idea, I had nothing to do with it.”
“Nothing?”
“I can’t be responsible for the actions of my husband,” Jackie said. 
“Sounds like battered wife syndrome.”
“Is everything a diagnosis to you?” 
“You let him spoon my cum into you, you willingly let him do that. You are just as responsible as he was,’ Dr. Meyer said. 
“I was doing what my husband wanted, that’s what a good wife does.”
“That’s what an abused wife does,” Dr. Meyer countered. 
“Call it what you will, I love him and I did what he wanted. He is my husband, for better or for worse.”
“I heard on the vampire grapevine that you were fucking the bouncer at the bar.”
“How did you hear that?”
“We vampires have our own subculture. Things get around,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“You haven’t been a vampire long enough to have a subculture.”
“Am I wrong?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Jackie refused to answer. 
“That’s what I thought. You loved him enough to fuck around on him behind his back.”
“That was a onetime deal!” Jackie snapped. “I made a mistake!”
“That’s what they all say. You made the choice, nobody put a gun to your head.”
“Fuck you!” Jackie barked. 
“Hell, you sucked me off a half dozen times.”
“That was for a reason, not because I liked you!”
“You sure put on a good show, you dirty little whore,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“You got a lot of balls when I’m tied to a chair,” Jackie said. She was now taunting the doctor. 
Dr. Meyer leaned in again under the light. “You want to take a swing at me?” Dr. Meyer asked. “After what I just gave you? What an ungrateful bitch.”
Jackie shook her head and tried to knock as much cum off her face as she could spreading it on the table top. Some of it hit Dr. Meyer in his sunglasses. 
“Now that isn’t nice,” Dr. Meyer said. “Look what you did,” Dr. Meyer took off his sunglasses and his eyes were white, except for the tiny black pupil in the center. 
Jackie was horrified. She had seen plenty of vampires in her day, but none like this. “What’s wrong with your eyes?” Jackie asked. 
“Nothing, I can see fine,” Dr. Meyer replied. “They are a little light sensitive.”
“They’re white.”
“Doesn’t surprise me. The color has been changing in my skin for days.”
“If you know you’re going to die, why bother?” Jackie asked. 
“It’s called “Going out in style,”” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“What are you going to do if he does pay you? What good is money to a dead man?”
“It’s not what I will do with the money, it’s what he won’t do with what he pays me,” Dr. Meyer replied. “Its better I have it than him.”
“Why didn’t you kill him? Get it all over?”
“I don’t know if I have the strength to kill him, or anybody else for that matter. That’s why I hired help to get you here.”
“You can’t fire a gun?” Jackie asked. 
“I don’t own a gun to fire, you ask a lot of questions.”
“I worked with you in your office long enough to get to know you. You’re not the same man you used to be.”
“No shit,” Dr. Meyer replied. “I was bitten, drained of my blood and tossed in a river to rot. That sort of thing changes a man. And now my wife’s dead and I finally have the chance to exact my revenge upon the very people who ruined my life. In a way things are looking up. For me that is, not so much you.”
“What if he doesn’t pay? Then what?”
“Then I’ll tie to you my bedposts and fuck you till I die,” Dr. Meyer replied. “If I can’t get it in cash, I’ll get it in the next best thing, pussy.”
“What is your obsession with pussy anyway?” Jackie asked. 
“If you were in my position, you’d understand,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“That’s a cop out answer Dr. Meyer, you can do better than that. What’s so damn important about a hole between my legs?”
“Testosterone creates a strong sex drive in men. I can’t explain it, it’s hormonal.”
“I think most pussy is disgusting, including my own.”
“I’m sure it is,” Dr. Meyer replied. “You never did let me in there, why was that?”
“It was Tom, he didn’t consider blow jobs as sex. Vaginal sex was too far for him.”
“That makes sense. Sort of,” Dr. Meyer replied. “I always considered your mouth as sex.”
“That’s because you blew your wad either way. Too Tom, my pussy is priceless.”
“He was willing to get you pregnant, don’t you think that would affect the way your body looks? Did your husband consider he was bringing and innocent child into his sick depraved scheme?”
“He knew, and he was willing to raise the child. In a way, I think he was hoping I would deliver the baby. Damn, I need to quit talking like he’s dead or something.”
“No, he’s not dead. Not yet. But soon, Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Why? What good would that do?” Jackie asked. 
“He’s a schemer, never happy with anything he hatches. Everything he touches turns to shit, ruins lives, makes good people turn bad. It’s better if people like him are dead.”
“Do you hear what you’re saying?” Jackie asked. 
“Yes, and once I get my revenge, I’ll kill him too.”
“That’s insane! He can’t be punished if he’s dead.”


Chapter 31
Medium

Tom was freaking out looking for Jackie when he noticed a man raise his hand trying to get his attention. Tom couldn’t be bothered but he stopped for a moment, almost out of habit. “What?” Tom asked. He was manic. 
“I’d like to place an order for me and my partner,” the man said. He was dressed in a business suit and looked out of place compared to the rest of the customers. His partner was dressed in a similar suit and wore a gold watch and earring. 
“I don’t have time, I’m sorry,” Tom said. 
“What’s the problem?” the man asked, His name was Brent, and his partner’s name was Steve. 
“I don’t have time for small talk, did you happen to see a naked woman outside? Before you came in?”
“No, are you missing one?” Brent asked. 
“Yes, she’s my wife and I can’t find her anywhere.”
“Did you try calling her?”
“She doesn’t carry her phone when she’s working, she keeps it in her locker.”
“Did you look in her locker?” Brent asked. 
“Fuck no,” Tom replied and took off to the dressing room. The lockers had combination locks and Tom didn’t have the combination to Jackie’s. “Fuck!” Tom yelled and ran back to the bar. 
“Excuse me, maybe me and my partner can be of assistance,” Brent said. 
Tom was panting and freaking out. He knew something was wrong and had no way to figure out where Jackie went. “That would be great,” Tom replied. “Where is she? You just told me you didn’t see her.”
“No, we didn’t see her, but we have ways to find people, we are mediums,” Brent replied. 
“Mediums? You can do that for a living?” Tom asked. 
“We do it on the side, we both work in the fashion industry. I’m in sales and Steve is a buyer.”
“That’s great, now can you find my wife?” Tom asked. Tom didn’t believe in voodoo witchcraft, but he was willing to give anything a try. 
“Do you have anything of hers here I can see?” Brent asked. 
“Like what?”
“A hairbrush, a pair of glasses, anything she owns that would have her essence, her vibrations.”
Tom stood and thought for a moment. Nothing came to mind. All of her stuff was locked up in her locker. Then it came to him. “Yeah, she keeps a pair of shoes in the back room so she doesn’t have to walk around in heels when she’s not on stage.”
“May I see them?” Brent asked. 
Tom zipped around the corner and grabbed the shoes from behind the door. They were plain white slippers that were far more comfortable than her six inch heels. Tom handed the shoes to Brent and stood back and watched. 
“How long has she had these?” Brent asked. 
“I don’t know, a year maybe,” Tom replied.
“They are hideous.”
“They aren’t for show, they’re to keep her from getting her toes cramped. That’s all I have, now will this work or not?”
Let me see,” Brent replied as he handed the shoes to his partner Steve. “What do you think?” Brent asked Steve. 
Steve took the shoes and looked at them. He examined them for a moment and set them on the bar. He then unbuttoned his pants, pulled out his penis and rubbed the shoes against it. 
Tom spoke up, “What the fuck are you doing?” Tom asked. 
“Be quiet, Steve is channeling your wife.”
“Looks like he’s using her shoes to get off.”
“He is, but that’s part of how this works. Let him do his thing. What is your wife’s name?”
“Jackie,” Tom replied. 
Tom watched as Steve used his wife’s shoes to jerk off and shook his head in frustration. “How long does this take?” Tom asked. 
“A few minutes,” Brent replied. 
“Does he talk?”
“Sure, I usually can’t get him to shut up.”
Steve continued to jerk off with the shoes when he stood up off the stool and placed his penis on the bar. With a moan and a few convulsions, Steve came on the bar, dropped a huge load of cum and sat back down. 
“What the hell?” Tom shouted. “You sick fuck.”
“Give him a minute, he’s not done,” Brent said. 
“Oh, he’s done alright!” Tom replied. “My wife’s missing and you’re busy jerking off with my wife’s shoes and blowing on my bar?”
“If you don’t want our help, that’s fine,” Brent said. He was angry. 
Tom stood and looked down at the creamy white discharge that was puddled on the polished hardwood bar. “Now I have to clean that up.”
“No, he’s going to read it.”
“Read what?”
“It’s like reading the bones, only Steve can read his cum,” Brent said. 
“I’m so grossed out,” Tom said. He was now distracted from his wife’s disappearance. 
Steve put his cock away and zipped up his pants. He leaned over and took a stir straw from the dispenser and moved his cum around looking for a sign. Then he saw something. 
“What is it?” Brent asked. 
“I see a woman, tied to a chair. She’s naked.”
Tom replied, “What does she look like?”
“Twenty something, shoulder length brown hair. Big boobs,” Steve replied. 
“Does she have a tattoo on her ankle?” Tom asked. 
Steve stirred his cum and said, “I see a rose.”
“That’s her! Where is she?” Tom asked. 
Steve stirred his cum some more. “I can’t tell where she is, but she isn’t alone.”
“Who’s with her?”
“He’s a vampire, I can tell that. He looks like he’s rotting away,” Steve replied. 
“It’s Dr. Meyer,” Tom said. “Look around, see if you can tell where she is.”
Steve stirred some more and then began to hyperventilate. He seemed to convulse and then faint. Brent caught Steve before he could fall and steadied him on his barstool. 
“What’s wrong?” Tom asked. 
“This happens when Steve gets overstimulated.”
“Well, fix him!” Tom yelled. 
“I can’t just fix him, I’m not a mechanic.”
“He’s the only one who knows where my wife is! Do something!” Tom snapped. 
“I’ll try,” Brent said and gave Steve a kiss on the lips. 
“What are you doing?” Tom asked. “I didn’t say make out with him, I said fix him!”
“I’m trying to calm him down!” Brent barked back. 
Tom pounded his fist on the bar. “Fine, go fuck him if that will help, just find my wife!”
“This will take a while, why don’t you get our orders while you wait.”
“What do you want?” Tom asked. He was livid. 
“Two blood drinks, one with lemon,” Brent replied. 
Tom wasn’t sure if Brent asking for two blood drinks sounded odd or if asking for lemon did. But he didn’t take these two as vampires in the first place. “You’re vampires?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, does that surprise you? Can’t two gay men be vampires?”
“I don’t know, I suppose so. I always thought of vampires as being straight,” Tom said. 
“That’s because you’re a bigot. A small minded bigot.”
Tom took offense to what Brent said. Tom always thought of himself as an open minded man, he didn’t know any gay men, but had no issues with them. “I’m not a bigot,” Tom said. 
“I didn’t even realize you were gay until you said something about it.”
“The kiss didn’t give it away?” Brent asked. 
“I thought you were giving him mouth to mouth.”
“Yeah, right,” Brent replied. 
“I have more of an issue with your boyfriend blowing his wad on my counter. I have to clean that shit up,” Tom said. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Brent replied and licked the cum off the counter with his tongue. There was a collective groan in the bar as now most of the patrons were watching Tom and Brent instead of the girls dancing on the stages. 
“That was sick and wrong,” Tom said. 
“That’s nothing, you should see us...”
“Don’t say it,” Tom interrupted. “I don’t want to know.”
Steve seemed to be coming around and his eyes opened. “Where am I?” Steve asked. 
Brent replied, “You’re in a bar full of homophobes. We need to leave.”
“But we came so far for our blood drinks,” Steve said. 
“I know, but they seem to have an issue with us.”
Tom spoke up, “Do you want the drinks? They’re sixty dollars each.”
Steve replied, “I do, I need my energy back after that session.”
Brent pulled out his wallet and tossed a stack of twenties on the bar next to where the cum was. “Two please,” Brent said. 
Tom didn’t want these two to leave since they were his only connection to Jackie. He needed to play nice no matter how gross they acted. He filled two frosty glasses and set them next to the cum stain. He then took the money, made change and set the money back on the counter. 
Brent took a sip and set the mug on the bar. “Not bad, I heard these were devoid of taste due to the processing they go through, this almost tastes like the real thing.”
Steve took a sip and nodded his head in agreement. “This is great,” Steve said. “We should host a blood and cheese tasting here.”
“Blood and cheese, like wine and cheese? This isn’t some snob place for your phony culture assholes to hang out and act like you’re better than us. This is a beer and chips kind of place. Our blood doesn’t come from elitist rich pricks.”
“How do you know? Do they tell you where it comes from?” Brent asked. 
Tom now realized he should have kept his mouth shut. The blood that they buy from the distributor has no locations or names on it. But since Tom was processing his own blood, he knew exactly where it came from. The bodies were still drying out upstairs. “I don’t know, but I’m sure no snob is going to donate blood. They don’t have too, its regular people, the ones who pay their bills that donate for the extra cash. Just like the people who come in here every day. I don’t think rich pricks go to nude bars.”
“No, they hire the girls to come to them,” Steve replied. “Or boys.”
“These girls aren’t prostitutes, they’re dancers. They’re here to entertain, not fuck the customers,” Tom said. 
“Are you sure? I see one of your dancers right now with a man’s finger in her nasty cunt,” Steve replied. 
Tom knew the girls would let the customers get handsy for extra tips, He was unaware that Steve was watching it go on right now making him look like a fool. “Yeah, well that’s not prostitution, that’s just a bonus the girls give out once and a while. Anyway, where’s my wife?”
“It will take some time, I need to work up some more cum to read,” Steve replied. “Unless I can use yours.”
“Mine?” Tom asked like it was the most absurd question he had ever heard. 
“Yes, I can rub the shoes on you like I...”
“No, you’re not rubbing the shoes on my dick. I’m not a queer.”
“How much is your wife worth to you?” Steve asked. 
Tom almost jumped over the bar to wring Steve’s neck but held himself back. “You son of a bitch, don’t you ever question my love for my wife.”
“We can go in the back room where nobody will see.”
“Are you serious?” Tom asked. 
“It’s the only way for me to find your wife.”
Tom stood there and thought about what Steve had proposed. All he had to do was let a strange man stroke him off with a pair of his wife’s shoes so he could read his cum.

Chapter 32
Prisoner

Jackie woke in a groggy state feeling her arms pull her apart. It took a moment for her to get her bearings then realized she was no longer in Dr. Meyer’s house, but in some sort of large garage or work shed filled with trucks and machines. She tried to move but couldn’t, then realized she was being held somehow against the wall. She looked to the right and saw her hand was attached to the wall the same way Dr. Meyer’s hand was screwed to the ceiling joist at the blood bar. She looked to her left and saw that hand was also screwed down as well with a large washer in her palm clamping it tight. Unlike Dr. Meyer, she was sitting on a bench against the wall instead of dangling over the floor. 
“How are you feeling?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Jackie’s vision was a bit blurred but she could see Dr. Meyer standing next to what looked like a table saw resting his hands on the table top. “What’s going on?” Jackie asked. 
“I shot you with Thorazine, and brought you here,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Where am I?”
“A friend of mine lets me use this building to store my boat. Now I’m using it to store you,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Why did you move me?”
“I’m sure your husband would eventually figure out where you were taken, I needed to move you to a more hidden location. How do the screws feel?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Jackie paused and looked to her right. “I can’t really feel anything, just the pressure.”
“How does it feel to be screwed to the wall?”
“That’s a stupid question.”
“I thought it was terrifying, but then I was bled into a bucket.”
“That wasn’t my deal,” Jackie said. 
“I know, I didn’t say it was.”
“Then why are you punishing me?”
“I’m not, looking back it was a good way to stop someone from leaving. I had the tools so I decided to use the idea.”
“You could have tied me up again,” Jackie said. 
“This is better.”
“So now what? How do you expect Tom to pay you anyway? Are you going to tell him where I am so he can come out with some cash?” Jackie asked. “Do you even have a phone?”
Dr. Meyer hadn’t thought out his plan that well. He didn’t have a phone and Jackie didn’t either. She was still nude and had nowhere to carry one. “I’ll have to find another way to contact your husband.”
“That’s great, so in the mean time I stay screwed to this wall? What if I have to go to the bathroom? How are you going to feed me?” Jackie asked. 
Now Dr. Meyer was getting angry. In his new state he didn’t think things out as well as he used to. His mind was starting to rot as much as his body. “I don’t know, I’ll deal with that when I have too.”
“You can’t leave me attached to the wall. You have to let me go.”
Dr. Meyer stepped away from the table saw and looked around the shed. It was filled with tools and machines that any mechanic would envy. “You know, I liked you as a medical assistant, you were easy to work with, took orders and overall was well liked in the office. I kind of regret that we took our relationship as far as we did. But then, you did come on pretty strong, sending me those nude pictures and all. I tell you, pussy is a strong attractor to most men. Stronger than money and power.”
“I’m not in the mood for a lecture doctor,” Jackie said. 
“You know what? Now that we’ve come this far, I think there’s something I should tell you.”
“What? I know how much you loved the blow jobs, you told me already,” Jackie replied. 
“No, not about that, about how I used you.”
“What?”
“Yes, I used you as much as you used me. It was a two way street and you had no fucking idea what was going on.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let’s put it this way, you probably killed at least four of my patients and didn’t know it.”
“I don’t understand.”
Dr. Meyer stepped in closer and sat down on a stool in front of Jackie. “Remember Janet Kowalski? That bitch who wouldn’t get off my back about her mother? That cunt who kept coming in asking for this or that to keep her mother from dying? Her mother who was over a hundred years old? Remember her?”
“Yes, she’s not dead, is she?” Jackie asked. 
“No, but her mother is, and guess who killed her?”
“Are you saying I did it?”
“Yes, and Janet never came back and bothered me again.”
“How did I kill her?” Jackie asked. 
“You took the order.”
“What order?” 
“Coumadin, four milligrams, her protime was off the charts and I ordered enough Coumadin to cause an aneurysm that bled her brain. She died the next day.”
“How is that my fault?” Jackie asked. 
“As a nurse, it’s your responsibility to check my orders. You’re the last defense in case an error is made. If that would have gone to court, it would have been your fault, not mine,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Are you serious? You would have been responsible, not me,” Jackie replied. 
“Not in the eyes of the law, I may have got a slap on the wrist, but ultimately you would have lost your license, maybe even served jail time.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“I’m not sure about the jail time, but I know you would have gone down for my mistake, but then nobody caught it and now my problem is gone.”
“What else did you do that you’re blaming me for?” Jackie asked. 
“I prescribed antibiotics for Frank Lawson that he was highly allergic too. You didn’t catch that either.”
“Fuck! That’s your job!” Jackie snapped. 
“I altered his chart after you signed off on it.”
“You bastard!”
“Don’t worry, nobody caught that one either.”
“Why did you kill him?” Jackie asked. 
“He’s not dead, he’s in a coma on a vent in some rehab hospital.”
“What did he do to you?” Jackie asked. 
“He was constantly in my office bitching about his bill or his wife or something else. I couldn’t stand it any longer. When he came in with an ulcer on his foot, it was my chance to get rid of him for good,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Who else did you kill, or almost kill?”
Dr. Meyer hung his head for a moment and thought. “Oh, there was that lady that ran the hotel, I can’t remember her name. Jenny Stall, that’s it, I misdiagnosed her and she threatened to sue me. Remember her?” 
“Sort of,” Jackie replied. 
“Then I found out she had metastatic breast cancer and didn’t tell her.”
“I can’t believe you, what if you would have got caught? And how did you blame that on me?”
“You lost the lab report, at least I made it look that way. You had no idea. When it came in, I tossed it out,” Dr. Meyer replied. “So if it would have be diagnosed again, I could have blamed you.” 
“You are insane, why would anyone do that?” Jackie asked. 
“I hate assholes, plain and simple, they come into my office day after day preaching to me what I should do. They didn’t spend seven years in medical school. They don’t pay my student loans. They don’t take on the responsibilities and liabilities I do. They act like they know more than me because they looked something up online. Well I tell you, Google isn’t medical school and these people aren’t doctors. They’re idiots with a smartphone and an attitude that they can push me around and tell me what to do. You know what I’m talking about, I know you’ve seen it at the office.”
“I remember, but that still doesn’t give you the right to kill people.”
“Yes it does, some people deserve to die. Idiots and assholes deserve to die and I have the right to kill them. I’m smarter than them, I have a degree and a license and I can play God if I chose,” Dr. Meyer said. 
“If that’s the case, why did you try to pin these on me? God can’t take care of himself?” Jackie asked. 
“I’m not stupid, I wasn’t going down for some random patient deaths.”
“They weren’t random, not according to you.”
“The only ones who would have known was me, and maybe you. I don’t know how much schooling a medical assistant has. I don’t think you are required to have a license. You’re not a nurse, you’re a glorified office clerk in scrubs.”
“Fuck you,” Jackie replied. “You can’t use people like that.”
“You use people, don’t act so holy. We all use people, fuck, your husband used me and you were part of it.”
“I was doing what I was told,” Jackie replied. 
“You know what me and your husband have in common? We both used you for our benefit. You’re nothing but a whore. Look at you, you're sitting naked because your husband won’t allow you to wear clothes. He fucking owns you.”
“I love Tom,” Jackie said. 
“Uh huh,” Dr. Meyer replied. “Well I hope he loves you enough to come up with some cash.”
“How much is he supposed to pay you?” Jackie asked. 
“I told him a third of what he makes,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“Did you ask him how much he makes selling the blood?”
“No,” 
“It’s not that much, I don’t think this is worth the effort. And it’s not like he has an accountant. If he were to pay you, you wouldn’t get a third, he’d lie and cheat you, and you know that. This is pointless. Did you plan to walk into the bar and have him hand you a wad of cash every week?” Jackie asked. 
“You know, what I really wanted was some sort of vindication for what he did to me. The cash was the only way I could think to get that, but now that I have you, I think I’ve got a better deal.”
“Got me? You are planning to let me go, right?” 
“I don’t know, I like having you around again.”
“Why? So you can use me again?”
“Don’t be such a bitch. We used to have a good working relationship. We joked, you told me stories about your shit husband and then you’d send me naked pictures. Now I get to see you naked in person, which I will say is an improvement. But we used to hit if off pretty good. If I wasn’t married, I could see us going out.”
“You’re not married anymore, remember, your wife is dead,” Jackie said. 
“Thanks for reminding me,” Dr. Meyer replied. “How did they kill her?”
“Firing squad,” Jackie replied. “Then electrocution to make sure.”
“Firing squad? When did they bring that back?”
“I have no idea, all I know was it was awesome. They showed slow motion replays over and over. The announcers went nuts. Tom tried to record it but they don’t allow you to do that. He got some of the screen on his cell phone, but it looks dark and hard to see.”
“I’m glad my wife’s death was so entertaining for you and your husband.”
“She did kill a dancer at the bar, she deserved to die.”
“Yeah, I suppose, you are a coconspirator in my attempted murder, maybe you deserve to die as well?” Dr. Meyer asked. 

Chapter 33
The other side

Tom thought for a second. “No, I’m not going to let you jerk me off with my wife’s shoe.”
“I’m sorry then, I don’t know what I can do to help,” Steve replied. 
“There’s nothing else you can do?”
Steve looked at Brent and shrugged his shoulders. Then Brent replied, “What about Madam Jane?”
“Madam Jane? Who’s that?” Tom asked. 
“She’s a full blown psychic,” Brent replied. 
“Full blown?”
“Not a medium like us, she’s the next level.”
“How do I contact her?” Tom asked. 
“She has a shop across from the bank, three blocks down. I think she stays open late on the weekends.”
“Friday nights?”
“Yeah, till one in the morning I’m sure,” Brent replied. 
Tom didn’t believe in psychics, or mediums, but he needed all the help he could get. 
“If you want, we can go with you, she’s a friend,” Brent said. 
Tom looked out at the busy Friday night crowd and knew Jeff was listening. The last thing Tom wanted to do was leave Jeff alone to tend bar by himself, but he had no choice, he had to find Jackie. Tom looked over at Jeff and Jeff said, “Go, I’ll be fine.”

Tom sat at a table in Madam Jane’s shop with Brent and Steve on both sides. Madam Jane sat across dressed in a gypsy costume that looked about as authentic as he could imagine. She looked to be around seventy years old and looked the part of a dime store palm reader, only she charged fifty dollars and hour. 
“May I have the shoe?” Madam Jane asked.
Tom handed Madame Jane Jackie’s shoe. He didn’t notice any cum stains on it and hoped she didn’t see any either. 
Madame Jane placed the shoe in the center of the table and said, “All hold hands.” The three men grabbed each other’s hands and Madame Jane held Brent and Steve’s. “Everyone concentrate on the shoe, concentrate on Jackie,” Madam Jane said. 
“How long will this take?” Tom asked. 
“Be quiet,” Madame Jane snapped back. “I said concentrate.” Madame Jane closed her eyes and the room was silent. Tom looked around and sighed. He was very impatient and wanted answers now. 
“I am getting something,” Madam Jane said. “I see a woman, nailed to a wall.”
“What?” Tom asked. 
“She is naked, in a large room filled with machines.”
“Is she ok?” Tom asked. 
“She is alive, that is all I can tell,” Madam Jane replied. “And there is a man in the room with her.”
“Who is it?” Tom asked. He was anxious, about ready to jump out of his seat. 
“I don’t know this man, he is sick, his skin is dark, and he looks like death.”
Tom knew right away she was talking about Dr. Meyer. 
“Where is this place?” Tom asked. 
Then Madam Jane stopped. Her entire demeanor changed and she opened her eyes. “This woman, she is not your wife.”
“What?” Tom asked as if she had just said something absurd. 
“This woman is not your wife, but you say she is.”
“Are you sure you have the same woman who owns this shoe?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, I am sure.”
“Then that’s my wife, that’s Jackie.”
“Her name is not Jackie,” Madam Jane replied. 
Tom sat dumbfounded. “Then you have the wrong person.”
“No, you have the wrong person.”

Tom woke in a daze lying on his back on the floor. He didn’t know where he was, just that he was no longer standing and he was dizzy. It took him a moment to figure out he was on his back but he didn’t know how he got there. Getting his bearings, he slowly wrangled himself to a sitting position and looked around the room. To his surprise, he was in a large garage filled with machines, trucks and tools. 
“Are you going to let me go!” a voice called out. 
Tom turned and saw a nude woman sitting on a bench with her arms out to her sides. He could see her hands were screwed to the wall and had large metal washers in her palms holding her hands down tight. 
“What?” Tom asked. He was still groggy. He looked around and saw an electric screw driver on the floor and a spilled box of wood screws. 
“I want out!” the woman yelled, she was in tears. 
Tom stood up and walked over to the woman, the woman he now recognized as his wife Jackie, only something was different about her. “What’s going on?” Tom asked. 
“What do you mean? Did you whack your head on the floor when you fell down?”
“I fell down?” 
“You bent over to pick up the screws you dropped, when you stood up you passed out and fell on the concrete,” the woman replied. 
That made sense to Tom, but nothing else did. “Why are you screwed to the wall Jackie?” Tom asked. 
“Who’s Jackie?” the woman asked. 
“You are,” Tom replied. 
“My name is Rochelle.”
“Rochelle?” Tom asked. “What are you talking about? You’re my wife.”
“Your wife? You kidnapped me from the parking lot at the mall and dragged me here. Stripped me down and screwed me to the wall. I have no fucking idea who you are!” Rochelle yelled. 
Everything Tom knew, or what he thought he knew was now mixing in his head in a ball of confusion. He didn’t want to believe what this woman was saying, but in the back of his mind, he thought she might be correct. “Kidnapped you? You work at the Blood bar, you’re a dancer.”
“The Blood bar? I’ve never heard of the Blood Bar,” Rochelle replied. 
“No, I work there too, I’m a bartender.”
“I don’t know where you work, and I really don’t give a fuck, I just want you to let me go!”
“I have to sit down,” Tom said. He took a seat on a stool next to a grinder and tried to clear his head. “I have no idea what’s going on.”
“Then pick up that drill and get me off this wall. Let me go!”
Tom was hesitant. He knew he had done something wrong but didn’t want to do anything rash. “In a minute,” Tom said. “I need to figure out what’s going on. I don’t believe that I did this. I’m not the sort of person who kidnaps strange women. If you’re not Jackie, then where is she?”
“Go find her, let me go and go find her,” Rochelle said. 
Tom looked for his phone, he found it and searched for Jackie’s number. There was no Jackie listed. No Jackie, no Bob, no Jeff, nobody he knew. On the phone were the names of people he didn’t recognize. Frustrated, he put his phone back in his pocket and looked off in the distance trying to make sense of what was going on. “When did I allegedly kidnap you?” Tom asked. 
“Yesterday,” Rochelle replied. “Outside the mall next to the theatre.”
“How did I manage to do that? You’re not exactly a small woman.”
“You pulled me into your car and used a knife to threaten me, you cut me on my neck you asshole.”
“I don’t remember owning a knife, and I never go to the mall. This makes no sense. Have we met before?”
“I’ve seen you around, but no, we’ve never met,” Rochelle replied. 
“Where’s my wife?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know your wife. Let me go and go look for her.”
Tom snapped, “Don’t tell me what to do! If I let you go, you’ll run to the police and accuse me of kidnapping you! I’m going to figure out what’s going on before I let that happen.”
“You need help, maybe you need to see a doctor,” Rochelle said. 
“Oh, I’ve seen enough doctors,” Tom said. 
“I work for a doctor, maybe he can help.”
“You think I’m nuts?” Tom asked. “Maybe I am. Something’s not right. Are you a nurse?”
“Yes, at the clinic.”
“Who do you work for?”
“Dr. Meyer,” Rochelle replied. 
The name hit Tom like a ton of bricks. “Dr. Meyer?” Tom asked. “That can’t be right.”
“Why not?”
“It can’t be the same Dr. Meyer,” Tom replied. 
“He’s worked at the clinic for twenty years.”
Tom put his face in his hands and shook his head. “My wife used to work for Dr. Meyer,” Tom said. 
“I’ve been his nurse for three years. I’ve never heard of a Jackie that worked at the clinic.”
“That can’t be, what you’re telling me in insane,” Tom said. 
“Maybe you’re the one who’s insane,” Rochelle said. “Have you ever talked to a psychologist?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact I have, a long time ago.”
“Maybe you should see him again.”
“You think I’m that fucking nuts?” Tom asked with a smile. He was starting to think he was as well. 
“I think you need help,” Rochelle replied. “You may of schizophrenic tendencies.”
“What does that mean?”
“Hearing voices, do you hear voices?”
“No,” Tom replied. 
“You have constructed an entirely different reality. I think maybe you don’t hear the voices, but you believe these people are real. What I don’t understand is why you picked me. I don’t think it was a coincidence. You said your wife Jackie worked for Dr. Meyer, so do I. That is not random at all.”
“But I don’t know you,” Tom said. 
“We’ve never met, but that doesn’t mean you don’t know me. Have you been in the clinic before? Have you seen me there?”
Tom thought long and hard. “Maybe, I don’t remember.”
“You must have, how else would you have made the connection? You must have seen me, you knew I was Dr. Meyer’s nurse and somehow you manufactured this delusion that I was your wife and that my name was Jackie.”
“That makes sense, but what about the Blood bar, and my job as a bartender there?” Tom asked. 
“I don’t know, that could be totally made up, or something from your past,” Rochelle replied. 
“Dr. Meyer is a vampire, he was holding Jackie,” Tom said. 
“Dr. Meyer is no vampire, Jackie doesn’t exist and you are holding me against my will.”
Tom reached down and picked up the drill. He held it in his hand and looked at Rochelle's hands. “I’m sorry if I hurt you, but I can’t let you go, not yet.”
“When then?”
“I don’t know, maybe tomorrow, I need to figure out what’s going on first.”
“Why not turn yourself in? You need help. There’s no shame in asking for help.”
“I probably will, but on my time. Until then, I’m going to sleep.”
“Where? There are no beds here?”
“I’ll find a place,” Tom said. 
“And you’re going to leave me here screwed to the wall? How am I supposed to sleep? I could suffocate.”

Chapter 34
Art-house

The next morning Tom woke to the sound of his phone. On the screen it read, “Bob.” Tom swore to himself that Bob wasn’t listed on his phone when he looked the day before, but there it was. Anxious to speak to someone he knew, Tom answered, “Hello.”
“Tom, where are you?” a voice asked. It wasn’t the Bob he remembered. 
“Who is this?” Tom asked. 
“What do you mean who is this? I’m your boss, where are you and where is the van?”
Tom sat up and immediately noticed a van parked in the building. It was white with the words, “Blood bank” on the side in large red letters. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tom said. 
“If you don’t get the van back to the blood bank by nine, you're fired, you understand me?” Bob asked. 
Tom had no idea what Bob was talking about. It sounded like Tom worked for the blood bank and drove the van. Was he a delivery driver? “If you want your fucking van, come get it,” Tom replied. 
“I don’t know what’s got into you lately, but I’m done sticking up for you. I’ll call the police if you don’t get the van back on time. We have deliveries to make.”
Tom looked at his watch, it was eight thirty. “Where’s the blood bank?” Tom asked. 
“Are you fucking kidding me? Are you on drugs?” Bob snapped back. 
“I don’t know, I fell down last night I think. I hit my head on the floor.”
There was a pause on the phone. “Get to the hospital then, but bring the van back first.”
“Fine,” Tom said. “I’ll bring your fucking van back,” and hung up the phone. Once his head was clear, Tom stood up and walked over to the van, he opened the door and looked for the keys, they weren’t there, he checked his pockets and found a set. The key’s had a tag that said “Blood bank” on them. He now realized he worked for the blood bank but had no idea how or why. Then Jackie came to mind, or Rochelle as she liked to be called. 
As he left the van, he shut the door and walked to where Rochelle was still screwed to the wall. Her head was down in her chest and she was barely breathing. Her hands were red and puffy with infection and she looked like she was on the verge of death. Tom touched her head and moved it around, the woman didn’t respond. Now that he realized she wasn’t going to survive much longer, Tom headed back to the van and got in. He started it and drove out of the building onto the gravel lot. The paperwork on the passenger’s seat gave the address of the blood bank so he headed off in that direction, then he decided to pay a visit to the Blood Bar instead. He needed to get grounded in reality. 

When Tom reached the downtown area, he started to recognize the buildings. He was now more comfortable feeling like he was back home. Once he got to the Blood Bar, he’d be back to normal and his life as he knew it would be back on track. Then he saw something odd. As he pulled up to the corner, Blood Bar sign was missing. In its place was a large sign that read, “Julie’s Art-house and Antiques.” Tom was shocked to see the bar gone and in its place an art studio and antique shop. Especially with Julie’s name on the sign. Tom pulled up and parked the van, he got out and approached the front door of the art shop. The door was the same as he remembered, and the facade was basically the same, but the neon signs were gone and the place was overall much cleaner than he remembered. 
The door opened automatically and Tom stepped inside. What he saw shocked him. The walls the bar were now painted white with paintings hanging about every ten feet apart. In the center of the large room were more white partitions with more paintings. The stages were removed and in their place were racks of antiques and a sales counter. Standing behind the counter was Julie, the same woman who owned the wine and cheese shop. The same woman who died and whose body was burned in the fire. 
Tom approached the counter and Julie greeted him. “Hello, is there anything I can help you with?” Julie asked. 
“You’re dead,” Tom replied. 
“What?” Julie asked. She didn’t understand what Tom was saying. 
“I killed you, I cut off your head myself.”
“I don’t understand, are you threatening me?”
“I don’t understand either, I used to work here, and this was the Blood bar.”
“No, this used to be a strip club once, but I bought it on and estate sale and turned it into an art, and antique shop,” Julie replied. 
“What the fuck?” Tom asked. “Estate sale?”
“Yes, the owner passed away.”
“What was his name?”
“Bob Parish,” Julie replied. “That was ten years ago.”
“I worked here yesterday,” Tom replied. 
Julie was taken aback by Tom’s comment. “No, I’ve owned this for ten years, didn’t you hear me?”
Tom looked around the shop and stepped over to one of the displays. He saw a set of black and white art photographs of a woman in different poses holding a flag. “What’s this shit?” Tom asked. 
“That’s a series of black and white’s by...”
“I can see its black and white pictures, what is she doing with that flag? And why do you call that art?”
“She’s very well known, I’m lucky to have that for sale in my shop,” Julie said. 
“Very well known for bullshit. Who buys this crap?”
“I don’t like your tone. If you don’t like what I have to sell, you may leave.”
Tom stepped further and checked out a painting on the wall. It was four feet tall and looked like a child painted it. “What’s this? Looks like a kid painted it.” Tom looked at the price tag and almost shit himself. “Twenty five hundred dollars?” Tom asked. He was hoping Julie would say it was a joke. 
“We sell fine art, fine art is expensive,” Julie replied. She was becoming defensive and snippy. 
“How do you keep this place open?”
“I do very well actually,” Julie replied. 
“Bob would have hated this place.”
“Bob is dead,” Julie replied. 
“I saw Bob yesterday, he can’t be dead.”
“And you also said you cut off my head, I think maybe you're confused.”
“Yeah, I’m getting that feeling too. Nothing is going right.”
“Obviously I’m still alive,” Julie said. 
“I see that,” Tom replied. “I remember killing you like it was yesterday.”
“I find that quite disturbing. How did you kill me?”
“I cut your head off, in your office, then burned the place down, not this place, your wine and cheese shop.”
“My wine and cheese shop never burned down,” Julie replied. 
“This is so fucked up. If that’s so, how do I even know who you are?” Tom asked. 
Julie looked at the logo on Tom’s work shirt. “You work for the blood bank?” Julie asked. 
“Yeah, I think so,” Tom replied. 
“You think so?” Julie asked. “Maybe you should see a doctor. Anyway, my sister works there, she’s a phlebotomist. Maybe you’ve seen me stop in to see her.”
“I don’t know, I think I’m a driver.”
“You think?” Julie asked. 
“What does your sister look like?” Tom asked. 
“About five foot five, one eighty, shoulder length brown hair.”
“Do you have a picture?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, I do believe I have one,” Julie replied. She pulled out her cell phone and brought up a picture of a woman, it looked like Jackie. 
“What the fuck? That’s my wife,” Tom said. Now he was blurring the image of the woman he left to die with the woman on Julie’s phone. He could no longer tell them apart. 
“That’s not your wife. She’s married and had three kids,” Julie replied. “And she’s not married to you.”
“I’m losing my mind,” Tom said. “Somehow I know you, and her. And this all looks familiar, but at the same time it’s not. Something happened to me I know it. I don’t work for the blood bank, but obviously I do or I wouldn’t have the keys to the van or my name on this work shirt. I know I used to work here where it was the Blood bar, but now you tell me it was just a strip club and hasn’t been one for ten years.”
“Do you want me to call you an ambulance?” Julie asked. 
“No, I’ll figure this out somehow,” Tom replied. 
“I’m sorry I can’t help you, feel free to look around, I have some new antiques that came in yesterday on display in the window.”
Tom looked away and shook his head. The one thing that could have brought him back to reality was now gone. His only option now was to head to the blood bank and try to see if he could figure out who he was from them. And maybe meet the woman in the picture that looked like his wife. He looked back at Julie and asked, “What’s your sister’s name?” 
“Jackie,” Julie replied. 
Tom was shocked. “Jackie? That’s my wife’s name!”
“Really?” Julie asked. “What a coincidence.
“No, it can’t be a coincidence, what are the chances that a woman that looks like my wife is named Jackie? I must know her, I’m sure I’m married to her!” 
“You’re starting to scare me,” Julie said. “First you say you cut off my head, and now you're telling me you're sure you’re married to my sister.” 
“You explain it then,” Tom said. 
“I can’t, maybe you should leave,” Julie replied. 
“Why? Are you hiding something?”
“Hiding what?” Julie asked. 
“I don’t believe your story. I don’t think you bought this ten years ago. I don’t believe my wife is married to another man!” Tom shouted. 
“I told you my sister isn’t your wife!” Julie yelled back. 
“You said her name was Jackie!”
“What did your wife do for a living?” Julie asked. She was livid but trying to stay calm. 
“She was a medical assistant, then a dancer at the bar,” Tom replied. 
“My sister is a phlebotomist, not a medical assistant or a stripper.”
“A medical assistant is like a phlebotomist, she used to draw blood.”
“You are confusing the two,” Julie said. “Where did you sister work?”
“At the clinic,” Tom replied. 
“My sister works at the blood bank, not a clinic. All she does is draw blood. She isn’t a nurse.”
“My wife wasn’t a nurse either, she didn’t have a license. You don’t have to have a license to be a medical assistant, see, they are the same person!” Tom yelled. 
“I’m calling the cops,” Julie said as she pulled out her phone again. 
“Don’t,” Tom said. “Put that back.”
“Or what? You’ll cut off my head?” Julie asked. 
Tom stood and grit his teeth. He didn’t understand what was going on and this woman was making things worse provoking him and denying that her sister was his wife. “I want to see the basement, and the apartments upstairs,” Tom demanded. 
“I’m not leaving the counter. I have to be here when customers come in,” Julie said. 
“What customers? Who shops at a place like this? Nobody,” Tom snapped back. “Now take me to the basement or I’ll go myself.”
“The door is locked, and I’m not giving you the keys,” Julie said. 
“Why? What are you hiding down there?”
“It’s just storage, there’s nothing to hide.”
“If it’s just storage, then give me the key.”
“I don’t give my keys to strangers,” Julie said. 
“But we’re not strangers, I know you.”
“You think you know me, we’ve never met.”
“Give me the keys,” Tom said. 
Julie looked at Tom with fear in her eyes, not just fear that she would be harmed, but fear that Tom might find what he was looking for. 

Chapter 35
Blood bank

Tom kicked a glass display case filled with handcrafted jewelry. The case shattered sending shards of glass and trinkets all over the floor. He picked up one of the larger glass pieces and held it as to not cut him, holding it like a knife. 
“What are you doing?” Julie yelled. She was now terrified of Tom and what he was doing. 
Tom stepped around the counter and shoved Julie up against the wall with his left hand. He brandished the glass knife with his right hand and said, “Give me the keys or I’ll take them off your dead body.”
Julie fished the keys out of her pocket and tossed them on the counter. Tom backed off and picked up the keys. “You’re going downstairs with me,” Tom said. 
Julie didn’t argue, she nodded in agreement and waited for Tom to back up so she could leave the counter. Tom backed away and followed Julie to the door that led to the basement. He unlocked the door and followed her down the steps. The first thing he noticed was how much better condition the staircase was. It was now well lit and painted. It looked like Julie had put some work into it. 
At the bottom of the stairs Tom saw the room he had used to bleed Dr. Meyer, the same room the FDA agents and Dr. Page were held in. “In there,” Tom said and Julie walked to the door. “Open it,” Tom said. 
Julie was hesitant to open the door. It was as if she had something to hide. 
“I said open it,” Tom repeated. This time louder. 
Julie took a deep breath and opened the door. She stepped inside and Tom followed. To his shock and horror, Tom saw a mummified body, hanging from the ceiling joists screwed to the wood by its hands. Below the body was a bucket with brown stains on the inside and outside edges. The body reminded Tom of how Dr. Meyer was screwed to the ceiling and bled out for the first blood drink. “What’s the hell is going on here?” Tom asked. “Who is that?”
Julie didn’t answer. She stood like a statue, like an animal wanting to run but couldn’t. 
“Is that Dr. Meyer?” Tom asked. 
Still no response from Julie. 
“I asked you a question!” Tom shouted. He was still holding the glass shard in his hand. 
“It’s Bob, the former owner,” Julie replied. 
“What?” Tom asked. Tom looked closer at the dried face of the man hanging by his palms. It was difficult to make out, but Tom could see that the man was Bob, the man he knew as the owner of the Blood Bar. “That is Bob,” Tom said. “Did you do this?”
“He was there when I bought the place, I just never took him down,” Julie replied. “I didn’t have the guts to do it.”
“So you lied to me, this was the Blood Bar.”
“No, I told you, it was a strip club, that’s all. I have no idea who this guy is.”
“That’s my boss, Bob, he owned the Blood Bar. Why would he be here if he didn’t own this place?”
“I bought it on an estate sale,” Julie said. 
“When you found the body, why didn’t you report it?” Tom asked. 
Julie was silent. 
“You’re lying to me. You know exactly how Bob got here. If you didn’t, you would have reported it. Tell me the truth, how did Bob die?”
“I didn’t report the body because I thought I’d lose the property. I didn’t kill him, I just didn’t want the sale to be nullified due to an unsolved crime. I got this place for half of what it was worth, I was willing to put up with a dead body to keep it. I have no idea who he is, or how he got here. I also had no way of disposing of him so I just left him here. If you wouldn’t have forced me down here, nobody would have known,” Julie replied. 
“No, you killed him, you killed him and stung him up,” Tom said. 
“Do I look strong enough to kill anyone, let alone string them up to the rafters?” Julie asked. 
“He was seventy five, I’m sure he didn’t put up much of a fight.”
“If that were so, how do you think I got him up there? I’m one twenty, I’d need two men to attach him to the wood. And if I had killed him, I guarantee you I wouldn’t have left him hanging here for the last ten years. Hell, I’d have tossed him out in the dumpster. Why would I hang him up like that?”
Tom looked at the body and at the bucket below. He also wondered why Julie would need to collect Bob’s blood if she didn’t run a bar. But he had to ask. “Why did you drain his blood?”
“I didn’t,” Julie replied. 
“Then who did?”
“I don’t know, I told you he was here before I bought the place.”
“Are you a witch?” Tom asked. 
“A witch?” Julie asked. “No, I’m not a witch. Why would you ask that?”
“A witch might need blood.”
“You’re delusional, I’m no witch. The only thing I did wrong was not report a crime. I can go to prison for that.”
Tom didn’t know what to believe. It made more sense that Julie was a witch and used Bob’s blood for some spell. Why else would he be hanging in the basement with a bucket under him stained with old dried blood? All he knew was that he now had another connection to his old life. “Maybe you should go to prison, for the murder of Bob Parish.”
“I told you I didn’t murder him, so let me go,” Julie replied. 
Tom was confused. Nothing made sense anymore. It was as if two worlds were blending together and neither one was any more real than the other. “Fine, I’ll let you go. I know your dirty little secret.”
“Are you going to turn me in?” Julie asked. 
“No, I need to figure out what’s going on. If I turn you in, they’ll shut this place down. I need to come back later and do more looking around, but first I need to check on something else.”
Tom let Julie lead back upstairs to the gallery. He tossed the glass shard on the floor and left telling Julie that if she called the police on him, he’d tell them about the body hanging in the basement. 

Tom drove to the address he found in the van. The blood bank looked foreign to him, he had no memory of ever being here before. But he needed to see his wife, at least he woman who looked like her and had her name. As he pulled up, Tom took a deep breath and got out of the van. He approached the front door of the blood bank and stepped inside. Looking around, he saw a room filled with donation chairs set up for people to sit in while they gave blood. There were men and women dressed in scrubs working at various stations processing the donated blood and helping the donors. Then Tom heard a voice calling to him, “Where have you been?” the voice asked. 
Tom turned to see a man he didn’t recognize walking towards him. His name badge read, “Bob” and underneath is said “Manager.”
“Who are you?” Tom asked. 
“Are you joking?” Bob asked. 
“No,” Tom replied. “Have we met before?”
“I don’t know what’s going on Tom, if you're high on meth or what, but you're in big trouble, you need to come to my office.”
“Why?” Tom asked. 
“I’m not discussing this out in the donation room. We have the public here, come with me.”
Bob headed to his office and made sure Tom was following. Tom looked confused, not like he was on drugs, but like stranger he didn’t know. Once in Bob’s office, Tom sat down in a chair across the desk, Bob sat in his chair. “Where were you all night?” Bob asked. 
“I was in a garage, a large garage, filled with all sorts of equipment and tools.”
“What? Why were you in a garage? You were supposed to return the van by six.”
“I don’t know, I think I hit my head on the floor. When I got up, I was in the garage,” Tom replied. 
“Do you have a concussion?”
Tom touched the back of his head. He had a lump, but that was about it. “I have a knot in my head,” Tom replied. 
“Did someone hit you? Were you robbed?”
“I don’t remember,” Tom replied. He pulled out his wallet and looked inside. There was no cash, just a driver’s license and some other cards. “I don’t have any money, maybe I was robbed.”
“Maybe I should call the police, and get you to the hospital,” Bob said. 
Tom shook his head no. “I need to do something first,” Tom said. 
“Do what? You could have serious brain damage.”
“I need to see Jackie.”
“Jackie? Why?”
“She’s my wife,” Tom said. 
“What? No, she’s my wife,” Bob replied. 
“She can’t be,” Tom said. 
“Oh, I can assure you she is,” Bob replied. “I think you must have hit your head pretty hard.”
Tom was now more confused than ever. “Then why do I think she’s my wife?”
“A few minutes ago, you didn’t know who I was. You have a head injury, you need to go to the emergency room.”
“I still don’t know who you are,” Tom said. Then he noticed the family pictures Bob had setting on his desk and on his walls. It was Jackie, his wife with Bob and their kids. It was surreal to Tom, like he was living someone else’s life and seeing it from the outside. “Can I at least talk to her first?” Tom asked. 
“Sure,” Bob said. “If it will get you to see a doctor faster.” Bob pulled out his phone and texted his wife. He set the phone down and looked at Tom. “Is anything missing from the van?” Bob asked. 
“I don’t know what’s supposed to be in the van. How can I know if anything is missing? Who would steal from a blood delivery van anyway?”
“Vampires,” Bob replied. 
“Vampires?” Tom asked. The word seemed absurd to him, like it was a joke. It was fine that he thought Jackie was his wife, but now it seemed absurd that vampires actually existed. “Are you serious?”
“What do you mean? We fight off vampires all the time. We run a blood bank,” Bob said. “What do you think the guns are for?”
“What guns?”
“The guns in the van?”
“I don’t remember any guns in the van,” Tom replied. 
“I bet those fuckers took them. It sounds like you were robbed and attacked by vampires. I’m calling the police.”
Now it was making sense, or some of it. If vampires did exist, and he was attacked for the blood he was carrying, he might have got in a fight and sustained an injury that caused him to lose his memory. This whole episode may have been a delusion caused by a concussion. An injury like that could explain parts of what he was seeing, but not all, but then he needed time to recover and in time it may all make sense. 
But what about the woman screwed to the wall? What about the man hanging in the basement of the art gallery? What about the woman he thought was his wife? Was any of it real? Was it all a delusion made up by a brain injury? 
“The police are on the way,” Bob said. 
Then the door opened and a woman stepped into the room. It was the woman Tom thought was his wife Jackie. She looked like her, walked like her and as far as Tom was concerned was her. Then she spoke up, “What’s going on?”
Tom sat there and looked at her. She was and wasn’t the woman he expected. His mind was clearing and he knew deep inside this wasn’t his wife. Everything he remembered was wrong. 
“I’m sorry what I did to you,” Tom said. And he shed a tear. 

Chapter 36
Clinic

“Sorry for what?” Jackie asked. 
Tom looked at her and didn’t reply. 
“Are you ok?” Jackie asked. 
Bob looked at his wife and replied, “He has an injury on the back of his head. I think he was robbed last night.”
“Is that right?” Jackie asked. She stepped in closer and took a look at the back of Tom’s head. “You have a bump all right,” Jackie said. “You better get that seen.”
“Yeah, I think I will,” Tom said. He stood up and walked to the door. “I’m going to head to the clinic. I’ll be back later,” Tom said and left the room. 

Tom pulled up the clinic and walked inside. He approached the woman at the reception desk and looked down at her as she poked at her keyboard. “Hello,” Tom said. 
The woman looked annoyed, like she was tired of people bothering her all day. “May I help you?” the woman asked. She was rude. 
“I need to see a doctor,” Tom replied. 
“Do you have a preference?”
“No, whoever is available,” Tom replied. 
The woman tapped the keys on the keyboard and looked at her screen. “I have Dr. Page at two thirty, or Dr. Meyer can see you at two.”
The names seemed odd to Tom. What were the chances of two Dr. Page’s and two Dr. Meyer’s working at the same clinic?
“I’ll take Dr. Meyer,” Tom said. Then Tom heard the sounds of sirens and looked out the large front window at the police cars pulling up front. “What’s going on?” Tom asked. 
The receptionist didn’t reply, she shut the glass sliding door and left her chair. The women in the office with her scurried into the hallway and the patients in the waiting room watched four armed police officers enter the waiting room. Trying to stand clear, Tom stepped back and let the officers run past as they entered the examination part of the clinic through the nurses door. 
“What’s going on?” Tom heard from one of the patients sitting in the waiting room. 
“I don’t know,” Tom replied. He was the only person standing and the last patient to enter the waiting room. The officers were now somewhere back in the exam room area looking for someone and nobody knew what was going on. Then Tom heard shouting and saw a woman run out of the nurse’s doorway into the waiting room. She had a face that he knew instantly, it was Jackie, his wife. “Jackie!” Tom yelled.
Jackie turned to face Tom. She was wearing her scrubs and looked like she had been at work. “Tom!” Jackie yelled. “We have to go!”
“What’s going on?” 
“I don’t have time to explain,” Jackie said. “Follow me!”
Tom took off and followed Jackie out the front door to her car parked in the employee parking lot. She unlocked the door and let Tom inside. She put in the key, turned on the car and sped out of the parking lot. None of the police followed her. 
“We need to get out of town!” Jackie yelled. 
“Why, what did you do?”
“I can’t tell you,” Jackie said. She turned at the corner and sped down the street heading out of town. 
“You need to tell me, this makes no sense!”
“Let me get out of town first,” Jackie said. She drove thirty miles an hour over the speed limit down residential streets heading toward the gravel roads out of town. She was reckless and scared running stop signs and ignoring the stop lights. It took her only a few minutes to get out of town and hit the gravel. “They found out about Dr. Meyer.”
“They?”
“The cops, someone told them.”
“Told them about what?”
“About how Dr. Meyer was killing patients.”
“Holy shit Jackie, and you knew about it? And what the fuck? I thought Dr. Meyer was fired?”
“No, he wasn’t fired.”
“And what are you doing at the clinic in your scrubs?”
“I work there, you know that,” Jackie snapped. 
“Something isn’t right,” Tom said. “Dr. Meyer lost his job at the clinic after he was turned into a vampire.”
“No, Dr. Meyer was killing patients and I was helping him,” Jackie said. 
“You were what?” Tom asked. He was shocked. 
“I was helping Dr. Meyer kill patients. I’ve been doing it for the last year.”
“I can’t believe what I’m hearing,” Tom said. “Why would you do that?”
“He was blackmailing me, he said if I didn’t help he’d turn me in for sexual harassment.”
“I think you have that backwards.”
“No, he took the nudes I sent and put them on his computer. He said if I didn’t do what he said, he’d turn them into the nursing board.”
“You don’t have a nursing license, you’re a medical assistant.”
“I didn’t know,” Jackie said. “Plus he said he’d get me fired and make my life a living hell. He said he’d kill you too if I didn’t do what he said.”
“That fucker,” Tom said. “I hope the police get him.”
“He left the clinic an hour ago. He found out they were tipped off and he took off.”
“Then why did you wait till the police showed up?”
“I called you, remember? I was waiting for you to show up.”
Tom shook his head. “No you didn’t, I came to the clinic to get an appointment to see a doctor about my head injury.”
“I’m not going to argue with you Tom, we have to get to Dr. Meyer and fast.”
“Get to him? Where is he?” Tom asked. 
“At his cabin, he’s going to wait for us,” Jackie replied. 
“Then what?”
“We’re going to leave together.”
Tom tried to take this all in, but it was confusing as hell. “Is this more of my head injury? Am I making this all up?”
“What happened to your head?” Jackie asked. She was doing a good job of driving ninety miles an hour on gravel. “I don’t know, but I have a lump the size of my hand on the back of it.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea if we do anything with Dr. Meyer, you can tell them he made you help him.”
“But I liked it,” Jackie replied. 
“What?” Tom asked like he had heard something insane. 
“I liked killing his patients. I got off on it,” Jackie replied.
“You’re kidding right?”
“No, it was a rush. After we killed someone, we’d screw in Dr. Meyer’s office and celebrate.”
“This isn’t funny Jackie,” Tom said. “You’re my wife, you were supposed to be extorting him, not giving him freebies in his office after you murdered someone.”
“I couldn’t extort Dr. Meyer, after the first kill, I was hooked.”
“How many are we talking about here?”
“Fifteen, twenty maybe,” Jackie replied. 
“No fucking way, you killed twenty people?” Tom asked. 
“Oh God yes, and I wanted to kill twenty more!”
“Turn this car around,” Tom said.
“No, I need to see Dr. Meyer, I’m going to fuck his brains out, and you can watch if you want.”
“I said turn around!” Tom yelled. “I’m not going to watch you fuck anyone!”
“He’s so hot, and he knows how to make me happy. You could never do to me what he does. He’s a real man.”
Tom was livid. “If you don’t stop the car, I’ll stop it for you.”
Jackie was almost at orgasm thinking about screwing Dr. Meyer. She was hot and flushed and began to shake. 
“What’s wrong with you? What are you doing?”
“I can feel him inside me. All twelve inches,” Jackie replied. 
Tom grabbed for the wheel. Jackie pushed back, “I’m almost there!” She snapped. 
The car slowed down and Jackie made the turn onto the long gravel driveway that led down to Dr. Meyer’s cabin by his lake. Tom let her drive and didn’t try to take the wheel again. He was going to wait until she parked, and then meet Dr. Meyer. 
The car stopped and Jackie put it in park. She got out and ran to the door of the cabin like an anxious schoolgirl. Tom followed her and stepped into the cabin. Sitting nude on a huge recliner, Dr. Meyer sipped on a drink and greeted Jackie as she approached. 
“Hello Jackie,” Dr. Meyer said. “I see you brought Tom.”
“Yes,” Jackie replied. She slipped off her clothes and stood naked in the center of the room. 
“What about him?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“He’s going to watch,” Jackie replied. 
Tom stepped up behind Jackie. “No I’m not,” Tom said. “Nobody’s fucking my wife.”
“I’m not only going to fuck her,” Dr. Meyer said. “I’m going to tear her in half.” Dr. Meyer’s penis was stiff as he stroked it. 
Jackie got down on her knees as if she was going to take Dr. Meyer in her mouth. Tom stepped up behind her and pulled her away. 
“Get away from that motherfucker,” Tom said. 
Dr. Meyer continued to jerk his cock. “You can have her after I’m done, if there’s anything left.”
Jackie looked up at Tom from her knees like a child asking for permission for candy. “Let me suck him, he’s a man, he needs me to release his pressure.”
“He can release his own pressure,” Tom said. “Let’s go.”
Dr. Meyer laughed. “No, she’s staying, you can go if you want. She’s a wanted woman, you can do as you please.”
“She’s my wife you sick fuck,” Tom said. 
“She’s my lover,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
Tom stepped over closer to Dr. Meyer. “I’ll fuck you up myself,” Tom said. “Then I’ll hand you over to the police.”
“You can try if you like,” Dr. Meyer said. “But I don’t think you’ll get very far.”
“Why do you say that?” Tom asked. 
“Look over there,” Dr. Meyer said as he looked at Jackie holding a pistol in her hand. 
“Jackie? What are you doing?” Tom asked.  
“You need to go now,” Jackie said. “I wanted you here, but if you can’t do as I ask, you need to leave.”
“You expect me to stand here and watch you give a blow job to another man?”
“You wanted me to, you told me I had too,” Jackie said. 
“That was to extort him, not give it away for free!” Tom yelled. 
“Same thing,” Jackie snapped. 
“No, it’s not the same thing.”
“I still have a cock in my mouth. What you do with it is your business. You set me up, you get what you deserve!”
“You’re my wife, I love you. This was supposed to be business,” Tom replied. 
Dr. Meyer said, “It was business, but business has been bad. Now she works for me.”
“Works?” She said she’s been killing people for you.”
“Yes, and she does a very good job.”
“Why are you killing anyone?” Tom asked. 
“Because I can. I hate people, I hate the annoying things they do, and in my position, I can get rid of them. Since your wife isn’t a real nurse, she had no idea what I had her doing. Not at first. But she grew to love it. And she grew to love the sex afterwards. Did you know she went on birth control after we began fucking? I know part of your plan was to get her pregnant so you could bleed me of cash. But I fucked that up for you. How does that make you feel?”

Chapter 37
Basement

Tom heard sirens in the distance, he looked at Dr. Meyer and smiled. “Looks like your plan is fucked,” Tom said. 
“No, your plan is fucked,” Dr. Meyer replied. “I knew this would eventually happen, but I don’t need you around anymore.” Dr. Meyer stood up and walked over the hardwood floor to a large area rug and pulled it back exposing a door that led to a basement. 
“You have a basement in a cabin?” Tom asked. “Who does that?”
“I had the basement included when I had it designed. I had planned to use it for a torture chamber one day. Never got around to using it, but I do have it set up.” Dr. Meyer leaned down and lifted the door exposing the steps that led to the basement. He motioned for Jackie to flip the light switch next to the kitchen on the wall. The stairs were finished with carpet and the walls were painted bright white. 
The light clicked on and Dr. Meyer leaned his head over in the direction of the stairs indicating he wanted Tom to head to the basement. Tom stood for a moment, then complied. Dr. Meyer followed Tom down the stairs with the gun Jackie handed him as he walked past her. At the bottom of the stairs the two men entered a hallway, a hallway that looked very familiar. It reminded Tom of the basement of the Blood Bar, only this hallway was clean and painted. The similarities didn’t end there, a few feet into the hall was a closed door in the same position as the door at the Blood Bar. This door was clean and white. 
“Inside,” Dr. Meyer said. 
Tom opened the door and stepped inside. The room was darker than the hallway, but he could see it was not finished, not to the extent the hallway was. Then the door slammed shut and Tom heard a click of the lock followed by the sound of Dr. Meyer running back up the stairs. 
Tom looked around, the room was half finished with unpainted drywall all around and wires hanging from the ceiling. In the center of the room was a table with three chairs. Just like her remembered when the two FDA agents and Dr. Page were being held. It was quiet in the room, Tom listened for the sounds of sirens but couldn’t hear any. He pressed his ear to the door and all he could hear was the hum of the central air unit. Then he heard a sound from behind him, he turned and noticed a door he hadn’t seen when he came in. He wasn’t sure if it was there when he entered, but there it was. Another door, white, and closed. 
Tom stepped around the table and chairs to the other door and tried the knob. This door wasn’t locked so he turned the knob and pushed the door open. When he looked into the other room, he saw a woman, dressed in a white lab coat, standing at the foot of an exam table. On the table was a woman, lying on her back, dressed in an exam gown with her legs spread and her feet in the stirrups. The woman in the lab coat was doing some sort of procedure on the other woman, but it wasn’t clear from where Tom stood. 
“What’s going on?” Tom asked as he stepped into the room. 
Dr. Page turned around and looked at Tom, she had some medical instrument in her gloved hand. “I’m performing an abortion, can’t you tell?” Dr. Page asked. 
Tom looked at Dr. Page with a confused look on his face. He hadn’t seen her for months and was sure she was dead. “What are you doing here?” Tom asked. 
“I work for the abortion clinic now,” Dr. Page replied. 
“I thought you were dead.”
“Obviously not,” Dr. Page replied. “Do you want to assist me?”
Tom stepped over to the exam table and looked at the woman lying on the table. There was a partition at her midsection so her face was covered. “Who is she?” Tom asked. 
“It’s me Tom,” a voice called out. The voice was his wife, Jackie. 
Tom stepped over past the partition and looked at his wife. She was smiling, like she was glad to see him. “How did you get here? I just left you upstairs.”
“I’m sorry Tom, I couldn’t go through with it,” Jackie said. 
“Go through with what?”
“The pregnancy, I couldn’t carry Dr. Meyer’s baby, not for any money.”
“I have no idea what’s going on. A second ago you were going to give that fucker a blow job, and now ten minutes later you’re in the basement of his cabin, getting an abortion from a dead doctor?”
“I haven’t seen Dr. Meyer in weeks,” Jackie replied. “I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
Dr. Page spoke up, “If you don’t mind, I need to continue with the procedure.”
Tom looked over at Dr. Page. “Is it too late to stop?”
Dr. Page picked up a bag filled with the bloody remains of an aborted fetus. She tossed it on the floor next to Tom. “You can keep it if you want.”
Tom wretched and put his hand to his mouth. 
“They make nice souvenirs,” Dr. Page added. 
“What is wrong with you?” Tom asked. “That’s a baby! You can’t toss it on the ground like that!”
“Sorry, my hands are full, I see I have another.”
“Another baby?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, twins.”
Tom looked to Jackie. “Maybe we can keep this one.”
“Dr. Page spoke up, “It’s too late.”
“Don’t toss that one at me!” Tom barked. “Show some fucking respect for the dead.”
Dr. Page took down her surgical mask and smiled at Tom. She began to rock back and forth in a rhythmic motion behind the partition. Tom could only see her from the shoulders up. 
“What are you doing?” Tom asked. 
“I’m going to give your wife a wonderful orgasm,” Dr. Page replied. 
“What? Are you fingering my wife? After you gave her an abortion?” Tom asked. He was shocked and disgusted at the same time. 
“Yes, and she loves it,” Dr. Page said. 
Tom looked down at Jackie and saw the look on her face. She was groaning and he could obviously tell she was getting off on what Dr. Page was doing to her. “Jackie, what are you doing?” Tom asked. 
“It feels so good, don’t stop,” Jackie said. 
“Is this some sort of medical procedure? Something they do after an abortion?”
“No,” Dr. Page replied. “Jackie has a pretty pussy and I like to play with it.”
Tom was sure he was losing his mind. This must be some sort of sick nightmare that he couldn’t escape from. “Jackie, we have to go,” Tom said. 
Jackie didn’t reply, she laid there on the table letting Dr. Page finger her clit. 
“Jackie!” Tom yelled. 
Dr. Page replied, “You can have her when I’m done.”
“No, I’ll have her now!” Tom said as he walked around the partition to where Dr. Page was standing. Tom shoved the doctor back against the wall splattering blood drops on the white paint. Tom looked back at Jackie, all he could see was her bloody crotch and her legs spread apart. Blood ran down the exam table onto the white floor in a pool and two dead fetuses set in bags next to each other. 
Before he could turn around, Dr. Page ran up on Tom and grabbed him with her bloody exam gloves. She tried to kiss Tom but he shoved her back against the wall. “What the fuck are you doing?” Tom asked. He tried to wipe the blood off his shirt. 
“I want to make love to you,” Dr. Page said. 
“I thought you were a lesbian?” Tom asked. 
“I’m bisexual,” Dr. Page replied. 
“A this point, I really could care less. But I don’t want you touching me again. Why would you want to have sex with me after what you did to my wife? You’re covered in blood.”
“Blood arouses me,” Dr. Page replied. 
“Is that some sick fetish?”
“I want to cover you in blood and lick it off.”
“I bet you do,” Tom said. “Not with my wife’s blood you're not. What are you, a vampire?”
Dr. Page smiled, as if Tom had figured out her secret. “What if I am, would that make a difference to you?” Dr. Page asked. 
“It would explain a few things.”
“Like what?”
“Like how you can cut out those babies and toss them on the floor like they’re nothing.”
“I don’t understand,” Dr. Page said. 
“You’re a killer, that’s what vampires do.”
“Killing is a necessity of what I do, a byproduct. I need blood, I can’t get it from someone and keep them alive. Killing those babies had nothing to do with what I am.”
“So you admit you are a vampire.” Tom stated. 
Dr. Page smiled and showed her fangs. “I can’t keep it a secret forever,” Dr. Page said. “But what I do as a doctor has nothing to do with what I do as a vampire. I was performing a service that your wife asked for.”
“Is that right?” Tom asked Jackie. 
“Yes, I asked her to do it,” Jackie replied. “Can I get off the table now?”
Dr. Page replied, “Not until I am finished with you.”
“You’re not banging my wife anymore,” Tom said. 
“It’s good for her,” Dr. Page replied. “The orgasm will stop any bleeding.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“I’m the doctor, I know what I’m talking about,” Dr. Page said. 
“You’re also a vampire and a nympho bisexual freak.”
“Let me drink the blood, then you can take her.”
“You’re not biting Jackie,” Tom said. 
“No, from her vagina.”
“You want to eat out my wife and drink her abortion blood?” Tom asked. 
“Yes,” Dr. Page replied. “I don’t want it to go to waste.”
Tom stood and looked at Dr. Page like she was nuts. “No, you’re not eating out my wife and drinking her pussy blood. I’m taking her out of here.”
“If you take her now, she’ll die.”
“Bullshit, you’re bluffing,” Tom said. 
“She will bleed out and die, her blood is thin, too thin to survive.”
“If that were the case, you would not have done the abortion in the first place. No doctor would have put a patient in that kind of danger.”
“I have the ability to save her if there were complications, but if you take her out of here, she has no way to stop the bleeding. I won’t be able to help her,” Dr. Page said. 
“What can you do? Do you have a drug she could take? Give it to her now,” Tom said. 
“It’s not a drug, it’s an enzyme in my saliva.”
“Are you saying you have to bite her to give her this enzyme?” Tom asked. 
“Yes, I can clot the blood by licking her as well.”
“And that’s your excuse for me letting you eat her out? I don’t believe you,” Tom said. 
“Fine, do as you want, she’ll be dead in an hour,” Dr. Page said. 
“If you bite her, she’ll be a vampire in fifteen minutes,” Tom replied. 
“That’s the price she’ll have to pay.”
Tom stepped over to Jackie who was crying on the exam table. “How are you feeling?” Tom asked. 
“I’m scared, I don’t want to bleed to death,” Jackie replied. 
“She’s lying, you’re not going to bleed to death.”
“How do you know? You’re not a doctor.”
“I can tell she’s lying.”
“Are you willing to let me die to prove a point?” Jackie asked. 
“The last time I saw you, you were pointing a gun at my face. I don’t know what to believe anymore. I’m not sure you’re my wife to tell you the truth. This all sounds like an elaborate ruse. For what I don’t know, but I think we should get out of here before anything gets worse. 
Dr. Page said, “Leaving could be a death sentence.”
“I’m willing to take that chance,” Tom replied. 
“Does she have a say in this?”
Jackie looked up at Tom and said, “I trust you.”
“Let’s go,” Tom said, and he helped her off the table. The two walked past Dr. Page and then Tom remembered the door was locked. “Can you unlock the door for us?” Tom asked. 
Dr. Page left the exam room, and stepped into the room that led to the hallway. She unlocked it and let Tom and Jackie into the hallway. 


Chapter 38
Audition

Tom led Jackie up the stairs to the door at the top, but when he opened the door he saw he was back at the Blood Bar. Nothing surprised him anymore. He stepped into the bar with Jackie behind him, still dressed in her bloody gown, they noticed right away how quiet it was. It seemed to be midafternoon, but no one was there, no customers, no staff, nobody. 
“Where is everyone?” Jackie asked. 
“I don’t know, and how did we get here?” Tom asked. 
“What do you mean? We were here all along.”
“What?”
“The abortion clinic was always two doors down from the bar. You knew that,” Jackie explained. 
Tom thought for a moment, in his mind he knew that, but the last he knew he was in the basement of Dr. Meyer’s cabin. “Let’s check Bob’s office,” Tom said. 
The two walked over to Bob’s office door and pushed it open. Sitting behind the desk was Bob looking at his computer screen. He noticed right away when Tom and Jackie stepped into the room. “Hey, I’m glad to see you guys,” Bob said. “Have a seat, I have some new girls coming to audition in a few minutes, you can help me chose.” Bob either didn’t notice that Jackie was dressed in a bloody gown, or didn’t care. 
Tom sat down and pulled up a chair for Jackie, she sat down and arranged her gown trying not to get blood on the chair. 
Bob smiled and said, “What are you two up to today?”
Tom replied, “Jackie just had an abortion, we came up from downstairs.”
“An abortion? Why? You been screwing the customers again?” Bob said with a grin. 
“You think that’s funny?” Tom asked. 
“Oh, the girls are always fucking customers for extra tips, calm down,” Bob said. 
“Not Jackie, she doesn’t fuck anyone but me.”
Bob now understood he had crossed the line with Tom. But he wasn’t going to let him win. “I’ve seen your wife fucking three guys on the main stage before.”
“We don’t have live sex shows Bob, that’s illegal,” Tom replied.
“Since when?” Bob asked. 
“This is a nude bar, we sell juice and blood to vampires. Nobody has sex with anyone.”
“How long have you worked here Tom?” 
“I don’t know, three years?”
“And in three years you’ve never seen anyone get laid up on stage?”
“No, what are you talking about?” Tom asked. 
“We have live sex shows all the time, I have to mop up the stages three times a day or the girls slide around and fall on their asses. Are you on drugs?”
Tom looked like a deer caught in the headlights. “I don’t know what’s going on anymore. Everything seems to be changing. I thought this was the one place where I could count on things not being fucked up, but I guess not. So you’re telling me my wife gets laid up on stage every night she works and I sit behind the bar and watch?” Tom asked. 
“Pretty much,” Bob replied. 
“And you’re saying I’m ok with that?”
“I’ve never heard you complain till now.”
“Well, I’m complaining now,” Tom said. 
“What about Jackie, I don’t hear her complaining.”
Tom turned to his wife. “Is this true? Are you fucking guys on stage every night while I watch?”
Jackie looked at Tom like she didn’t want to hurt his feelings. “Yes, it was your idea.”
“My idea?”
“You got me the job.”
Tom leaned back in his chair and shook his head. “No fucking way. You’re lying to me, I’d never ask you to fuck other guys for money, especially up on a stage where everyone can watch.”
“You told me if I didn’t, you’d beat me,” Jackie said. 
“Beat you? I’ve never laid a finger on you in anger ever!” Tom snapped back. “This is bullshit!”
Bob spoke up, “Calm down Tom, its ok, she does a great job.”
“I don’t care what kind of job she does, she’s not some display whore.”
Jackie replied, “Do you want me to quit?”
“Fuck yeah I want you to quit,” Tom replied. “You’re done as of now!”
“Fine, I’ll quit,” Jackie replied. 
Bob shook his head and said, “That’s too bad, you had quite a following. The regulars loved you.”
Tom asked, “Who were you fucking up on stage?”
“Whoever paid,” Jackie replied. 
“How much did they pay?”
“Twenty dollars.”
“Private lap dances are twenty, are you telling me you were letting guys fuck you for the same? That should have been fifty minimum,” Tom replied. 
“It’s twenty at the Morning Glory Club, we always match their prices,” Bob replied. 
Tom said, “I don’t get this, prostitution is illegal, how can you do this?”
“Since when has prostitution been illegal?” Bob asked. “As long as it’s done in a club, it’s perfectly legal.”
“Are you still selling blood?” Tom asked. 
“No, we quit, it was a hassle and we weren’t making any money. You knew that. Why are you acting like you don’t remember?” Bob asked. 
“I don’t remember, or something has changed and I don’t know why. The last I knew all we had was nude dancing and we sold blood to the vampires.”
“Nope, maybe you should see a doctor,” Bob said. “Hey, you want to check out the new girls auditioning today? They should be here by now.”
Frustrated, Tom replied, “Sure.”
Bob stood up from behind his desk and motioned for Tom and Jackie to follow him out to the bar area. When they opened the door and stepped out of the office, Tom immediately noticed five nude women hanging from their necks across the room. Each woman was clearly dead and evenly spaced across the width of the main stage. 
Bob walked up to the stage and took a quick look. “I like this one,” Bob said. 
“She’s dead!” Tom said. 
“You don’t like her?” 
“They are all dead,” Tom said. 
“I like the one on the end too, what do you think?” Bob asked. 
Jackie stepped up on stage and looked at each girl briefly. “I think this one’s too fat,” Jackie said looking at the redhead. “And she has too many tattoos.”
Tom was shocked that nobody noticed the women were dead. “Am I the only person here who can see these women are dead?”
“Tom, you worry too much,” Bob replied. “Who do you like?”
“I don’t like any of them,” Tom replied. 
“You’re too picky, there must be a couple you like.”
Tom pulled up a chair and sat down. He watched Bob and Jackie look over the dead women like they were cattle. Jackie poked one and the woman spun in a slow circle. Jackie stopped her from spinning and moved on to the next woman. “I’d take the first two and the one on the end,” Jackie said. 
Bob looked at the three Jackie picked out and replied, “I like the first two, and the redhead. I like redheads.”
Tom drummed his fingers on the table. “Why not hire them all?” Tom said as if it was a joke. 
“I only need three,” Bob replied. 
“What are you going to do with three dead strippers?” 
“I’m going to let them hang, what’s your problem?”
“Who’s going to come here to watch three dead women rot on stage? Are we catering to zombies now too?”
“They won’t rot, I’ll have them embalmed, like usual,” Bob said. 
“What? You have a contract with a funeral home?” 
“I’m getting tired of your bantering, you know I do all the embalming myself.”
“Since when? Did you buy a kit or something?”
“No, I have a license from the state. I have the equipment in the basement. You know that. You help me do it all the time, you really need to see a doctor,” Bob said. 
“Ok, one last question, where did these women come from? I didn’t hear anyone come in and put them up there.”
“I put an ad in the paper,” Bob replied. 
Tom looked at Bob like he was nuts. “And?”
“And what?”
“Are you telling me five dead women answered an ad, came in here, stripped and hanged themselves?” Tom asked. “All while we were chatting in your office?”
“Of course, how else would you explain it?” Bob replied. 
“What happens to the two you don’t hire?”
“I dispose of them,” Bob replied. 
“Dispose? Like toss them in a dumpster?”
“That’s how I usually dispose of them.”
“Seems like a waste,” Tom said. 
“Times are tough, the job market sucks.”
“So they die and don’t make a dime,” Tom stated. 
“Yes, but if you want to take them home be my guest.”
“Just out of curiosity, how much do you pay the ones you keep?”
“The usual, fifty a night until they start to smell,” Bob replied. 
“Then what do you do with them?”
“I toss them in the dumpster, usually that’s your job, but you seem to have lost your mind.”
“Who do you pay?”
“What do you mean?” Bob asked. 
“A corpse can’t spend money, who do you give their pay too?”
“To them, this is becoming absurd Tom. I’m done with the twenty one questions.”
“You just told me you pay dead women, what do you do? Stick the money up their asses? I mean, their naked!”
“I think we’re done now Tom, if you want to get to work and help me you can, Jeff called in sick and I need an extra bartender today.”
“I need to get Jackie to a real doctor, I want to know if Dr. Page fucked her up.”
“Can you at least help me take down the girls I’m not hiring and toss them out?” Bob asked. 
Tom sat for a moment and thought. “I suppose,” Tom said. “What else do I have to do today?”
“Great, now let’s take down the two we didn’t pick out,” Bob said. 
Tom stood up and walked to the stage. He looked at all five naked women and tried to make sense of what he was seeing. Tom stepped up on the stage and grabbed the first reject by her midsection and unlooped the noose from around her neck. Her weight was now fully on Tom’s back as he carried her to the steps and to the back door where the dumpster was. 
“Make sure you close the lid when you get them in the dumpster, it’s supposed to be warm today and I don’t want them stinking up the place,” Bob said. 
Jackie sat and watched Tom as he came back for the second girl. The blood was drying on her gown and she didn’t have to try so hard to keep the chair from getting blood stained. “I want to get something to eat when you're done,” Jackie said. 
“That’s fine, this shouldn’t take too long,” Tom replied. He pulled down the second woman and carried her off stage to the dumpster. “I think I’ll tell Bob I can work tonight if you don’t care, I want to catch up on all the changes. Will you be ok at home by yourself tonight?”
“Yes, but I’m scheduled to work tonight too.”
“No, you need a break, and I don’t want you fucking anyone, got me?” Tom asked. 
Jackie nodded her head in agreement. 
“Now, can you get the door for me?” Tom asked. 

Chapter 39
To the ground

Tom stood behind the counter looking out at an empty bar. It was well past opening time and the place was as dead as the three strippers hanging from the stage. The only thing that kept Tom’s interest was watching the girls slowly spin in the air currents made by the central air. Then he heard the front door open and two men walked in dressed in suits. Behind them was a man in a brown sheriff’s uniform. The men approached the bar and one of them set a manila envelope next to Tom and asked, “Are you the owner of this bar?”
“No, that’s Bob, I can get him for you,” Tom said. 
The man didn’t reply, so Tom took the cue and walked to Bob’s office door. Tom knocked and told Bob he had visitors. Tom walked back to the bar and waited for Bob. 
“Can I get you anything to drink?” Tom asked the men. 
“No thanks,” one of them replied. 
Bob stepped up next to Tom and looked at the three men. He was curious as to what they were there for. “What can I do for you?” Bob asked. 
“We’re from the city,” the man said. “I’m John Tacket, this is Ron Bell, we’re both lawyers, and this is Sheriff Ed Poole. We’re here to serve you with papers to shut down the bar.”
“Shut down my bar?” Bob asked. It was like he just heard his child died. “What are you talking about?”
“A new county ordinance was passed last night at the commissioners meeting. Nude dancing is no longer legal in the county.”
“Why didn’t anyone tell me this was being voted on?” Bob asked. 
“The agenda is posted in the paper every week,” Tacket replied. 
“No fucking way,” Bob said. “You can’t do that, I’ve been in business for thirty five years. I’m grandfathered in.”
“Grandfathering is not guaranteed, it has to be approved by the commissioners, and it wasn’t.”
“That’s bullshit,” Bob said. 
“It’s the will of the people, they don’t want your smut here any longer,” Tacket said. “As of this moment, you are shut down.”
“What do you mean shut down? You can stop me from having dancers, but it’s still legal for me to sell drinks,” Bob said. 
“Yes, I suppose so,” Tacket replied. “This is a juice bar, you don’t have a liquor license. If you want to continue to sell orange juice that’s fine with us, you can turn this place into a bed and breakfast,” Tacket said with a grin. 
“What are you smiling about?” Bob asked. “You think this is funny?”
“I do find it amusing yes, I love it when shit holes like this get what’s coming to them.”
“Shit hole? I was running this place before you were born,” Bob said. 
“I know, and it was a shit hole back then too.”
“Why don’t you get your piece of shit out of my bar now!” Bob snapped. 
“I want to order three cranberry juice’s for me and my friends,” Tacket said with a smile. He looked to Bell and the sheriff to see if they were having as much fun as he was. 
Bob left the bar and walked into the back room. He was gone for a moment and returned with a bottle in his hand and a lighter in the other. 
Tom was worried, “What do you got there Bob?” Tom asked. 
“It’s a special drink I’ve been saving for such an occasion,” Bob replied. The bottle didn’t have a label and the cap was resealed. The original contents had long been poured out. 
“What’s with the lighter?” Tom asked. 
“You better go Tom,” Bob said. 
“I don’t like where this is going.”
Bob looked at Tom with the most serious look he could muster. “I want you to leave, do you understand me?” Bob said. 
Tom took the hint and walked around Bob and headed towards the front door. He stopped short to see what was going to happen. What he saw was Bob light a napkin on fire and drop the bottle on the concrete floor. In a poof of fire, Bob lit up as well as the entire bar area sending the three men on the other side running in panic. 
In his mind, Tom knew Bob wouldn’t let anyone take his lifelong dream from him. He had too much invested in money, time and emotion. Tom also knew that if he had the chance, he’d take those three fuckers down with him, so on his way out the front door, he locked it and checked to make sure it wouldn’t open. If the three from the county could find their way out the back that was fine with Tom, but the door wasn’t easy to find and he knew the men would probably end up dead. Just like what Bob would have wanted. 
Tom stood across the street and watched the Blood bar burn. It took an hour before the roof caved in and the fire department didn’t have a chance. The building was old and the wood was untreated. There was no sprinkler system and much of the bar was built of flammable materials. The three men never made it out of the bar and Tom’s boss was dead, and so was his job for that matter. Now it was time to start over. 

Back at home, Jackie was sitting on the couch when Tom walked in the front door. She was eating cereal out of a bowl and watching television. She wasn’t expecting Tom home till way past midnight. “What are you doing home so early?” Jackie asked. 
“Bar burned to the ground,” Tom replied. 
“What? Are you kidding?”
“No, the county shut down the bar, I mean they passed an ordinance against nude dancing. Bob didn’t take it well.”
“Is he alright?” Jackie asked. 
“No, he lit the fire,” Tom replied. “He had it all planned out, had a bottle filled with gas just in case something like this every happened.”
“What a horrible way to die. Did you see it?”
“Yeah, he told me to leave before he did it, he killed two lawyers and the sheriff.”
“Oh my God, that’s terrible.”
“Yeah, now we have to find new jobs,” Tom said. 
“All you can think about is yourself? Three people died in that fire,” Jackie said. 
“They took his dream away, they deserved to die,” Tom said. 
“Not Bob, he didn’t deserve to die.”
Tom stood there and looked down at Jackie, he didn’t want to get into a debate with her, but honestly, Tom didn’t give a shit about anyone but himself, and Jackie. He was coming off as and asshole and needed to stop while he was behind. “Do you want to go down and look at it?” Tom asked. “There isn’t much left, it went up like dry paper.”
“Now I can smell it on you,” Jackie said. “I don’t like the smell of smoke.”
“Fine, then let’s not go,”
“I think we should send out more pictures,” Tom said. 
“Not that again.”
“We don’t have jobs, we have bills to pay.”
“There are other ways to make money than to extort people that never worked before, I don’t know why you would think it would now.”
“Do you have pictures on your phone?” Tom asked. 
“No, I deleted them all,” Jackie replied. 
“We need to take some new ones, take off your clothes.”
“I said I don’t want too, we can find real jobs.”
“I don’t want a real job, I’m not going to be a sales clerk working for minimum wage. I can make a lot more money with these pictures, now get naked.”
Jackie set down her bowl and crossed her arms. “I won’t do it,” Jackie said. 
Tom stepped forward, trying to intimidate his wife. “Oh yes you will,” Tom said. He glared down at her, scolding her like a child. “If you don’t take your clothes off, I’ll take them off for you. Now get undressed.”
Jackie sat still and didn’t budge. “If you lay a finger on me, I’ll call the cops.”
“Bullshit, you won’t call the cops. I’m your husband and you will do as I say,” Tom demanded. 
“You won’t be my husband much longer if you keep up that attitude. I’m sick and tired of you using me. I’m a person, I’m worth more than that.”
“You want to live on shit wages? Fine, you’ll understand real quickly how hard it is to live paycheck to paycheck. You did very well at the bar stripping, get used to food stamps and overdrafts. You fucking stupid cunt.”
“It won’t be that bad,” Jackie replied. 
“Do you remember what it was like before you stripped? Remember the bill collectors hounding us? I do, and I hated it. I hated answering the phone, I hated going to the mailbox. We had it great and now you want to put us back there. If you won’t do it, I’ll find someone who will,” Tom snapped. 
“Who would do that for you? Only a sick freak like me would. You emotionally abused me into doing whatever you wanted!” Jackie yelled. 
“Yeah, and you lived pretty well because of me. You bought all kinds of clothes and shit. We could never have done that before. You blame me for all the nice stuff you have? No, just for making you suck and few dicks and take a few pictures.”
“It’s all money to you!”
“It’s all money to everyone!” Tom barked. 
“Fine, take you fucking pictures!” Jackie yelled with tears running down her face. 
“I can’t take pictures if you look like that, go take a shower and fix your face.”
Jackie looked at Tom with daggers in her eyes. She wanted to get up and beat him for the way he treated her. But she had no recourse, she knew the money wouldn’t last, but she also knew that once the pictures were sent out, it would be her job to finish with the men before Tom could extort them. There was no guarantee the men would pay, and she despised having sex with men she didn’t know or care about. 
“I said take a shower,” Tom said. 
“Why don’t you take one with me?” Jackie asked. 
“I took a shower today already,” Tom replied. 
“That’s not the point, if you loved me you’d act like it once and a while. I’m more than a cash cow.”
“I do love you Jackie, why do you think I put you through all this?” Tom asked. 
“You said a second ago you’d find someone else if I didn’t comply. That’s not what someone says who loves me.”
“I said that in anger, I’m sorry.”
“Bullshit, I know you would. You’d find another girl in a second if I didn’t do what you said when you told me too.”
Tom knew she was right. He had already thought of a few girls that he could call if Jackie backed out. “Maybe I would, but you’re still my wife. I don’t plan on replacing you.”
“You think some girl is going to let you take naked pictures of her, send them out, fuck some guy and let you extort them like I did?” Jackie asked. 
“If the money was right. I know a girl that would do it.”
“Who?” Jackie asked. 
“You don’t know her, she’s a friend of Rick’s.”
“I know who you’re talking about, Sandy. Yeah, she’d fuck anything for money.”
Tom was a bit embarrassed, Sandy was known as the local whore. “Money is money.”
“She probably already fucked anyone you planned to extort. Good luck with that one,” Jackie said. 
“I don’t know why you give me such a hard time, all I’m trying to do is make it so we don’t have to struggle with our bills. I don’t want to work in a factory, I don’t want to be some sales clerk. I like bartending but it doesn’t pay that well. The best way we can make money is for you to send out pictures so I can make guys pay.”
“Why don’t you go back to school? Then you can get a decent paying job?”
“Are you kidding? Four years of school and student loans? That’s spending money I don’t have. I’m too old to go back to school and I know how to make money. Tell you what, give me one more chance to make this work, if I can’t get someone to pay this time, I’ll stop,” Tom said. 
“You’re like a junkie, I don’t think you can stop. You’re always scheming up something new. Next thing you’ll want to start a brothel, or a meth lab. I can’t keep doing this, we’ll end up in jail or dead.”
“One more, that’s all I ask.” 

Chapter 40
Lucid

Dr. Meyer watched as his young medical assistant bobbed her head up and down around his cock on the passenger seat of her car. It was dark, after work and the two had pulled over again for a late evening blow job far from the prying eyes of anyone from town. She was half his age, worked in his office and was the best sex he’d had in a long time. She always swallowed and that made him feel like some sort of king. If a girl would take his blow all the way down he felt in his mind, it was because she looked up to him, he was in control. 
As she moved up and down he felt the orgasm start to swell, he told her he was getting ready to blow and she prepared waiting for his hot cum to shoot. With a countdown, he let her know he was coming and blew his wad moaning and tensing up as his cock throbbed in her mouth. Once he was done, she leaned back in her chair and turned away for a moment as if she was looking for something. A second later she produced her cell and pressed a few buttons. He was curious as to what she was doing. 
“Who are you texting?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“A friend,” Jackie replied. 
“What’s so important you have to text right now?” Dr. Meyer asked, he was a bit nervous at Jackie’s timing. Then he noticed the cab of her SUV light up as a car pulled up from behind with its lights on. Once the car stopped behind them, the lights went off and the door opened. 
“What’s going on?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Before Jackie could answer, the back door opened and a dark figure of a man got inside and shut the door. “How’s it going doc?” the man asked. 
“Who the fuck are you?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“I’m Tom, I’m Jackie’s husband, I already know who you are.”
Shocked, Dr. Meyer pulled up his pants, zipped and buttoned them closed. He spun around to see the man sitting behind Jackie but it was too dark to make out his features. 
“Don’t worry doc,” Tom said, “I already know what’s going on, and have been for a while.”
“What’s going on?” Dr. Meyer asked. “This isn’t funny.”
“It’s not supposed to be funny, it’s supposed to be ironic,” Tom said. “My wife’s been blowing you for three months out here. I’m the one who told her to do it.”
Dr. Meyer freaked for a moment, then replied, “Hey, I’m sorry, I made a mistake!”
“Yes, yes you did, and you’re going to pay for it,” Tom said. 
“What do you mean? Pay for it?”
“How much is it worth to you to keep this all a secret? My wife giving you head twice a week out in the boonies and now with a baby on the way?”
“Baby? What the fuck are you talking about? I never fucked her once, ever!” Dr. Meyer yelled. 
“Didn’t have too, she’s been saving your blow since day one.”
“Bullshit! She swallowed every time!”
“Show him Jackie,” Tom said. 
Jacking pulled a plastic baggie out from between her legs, the same bag she spit Dr. Meyer’s blow in a few minutes earlier. In the bag, pooled at the bottom was a half-ounce of Dr. Meyer’s cum shining in the light reflected from the car radio. 
“You’ve been saving that all this time?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
Tom spoke up, “Yes, and she brings it home and I put it in her with a three mil syringe. Finally took three weeks ago. You’re going to be a daddy.”
“No fucking way, that would never work,” Dr. Meyer stated. 
“I have the pregnancy test here if you want to see it, I had it run at another clinic, hope you don’t mind.”
“Is this true?” Dr. Meyer asked Jackie. 
“Yes, I’m pregnant,” Jackie replied. “Still bullshit, you can’t prove it’s mine!”
“Not yet, but I have the paternity test lined up already once your kid is born. I also have an envelope with your wife’s name and another addressed to the clinic you work at. I know it’s not mine I haven’t fucked her since we hatched this plan,” Tom said. 
“I suppose you want something from me?” Dr. Meyer asked. 
“Yeah, we do. One grand a month, in cash to keep our mouths shut, or if you want, fifty grand and we have the baby aborted. It’s up to you,” Tom said. 
“I don’t have that kind of money,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“You make over a hundred and fifty thousand a year, I think you can spare some for your kid,” Tom said. 
“You don’t think my wife will be suspicious if I take that kind of money out of our account?”
“I don’t give a shit where you get the money from! You can steal it from work if you want, you can sell oxy and give me the profit. Point is, you pay or we make your life hell.”
“I can’t.  I don’t have access to that kind of cash,” Dr. Meyer stated. Feeling trapped, Dr. Meyer bolted at Tom and grabbed him by the neck. He pounded Tom’s face until he was unconscious and then left the car with Jackie’s keys. He returned to the car with a leather case and pulled out a syringe and three bottles. 
“What are you doing?” Jackie asked. 
“I hurt him pretty bad, I need to give him a shot,” Dr. Meyer replied. The doctor popped the lids off all three bottles and filled his syringe with the liquid from all three. 
“What are you giving him?”
“Haloperidol,” Dr. Meyer replied. 
“What will that do?” Jackie asked. 
Dr. Meyer placed the needle in Tom’s neck and injected three vials worth of the drug into him. “”Kill him I hope,” Dr. Meyer replied. 

“Tom woke three weeks later from a drug induced coma. Jackie was at his bedside and Dr. Meyer was in jail. Tom was incoherent at first, but as he became more lucid, he began to tell his wife of the most insane dream he had ever had. About a bar that sold blood to vampires and the people who he met there. 



The end.



