BLOOD AND DARKNESS

My general knowledge is not the best. I am not an egghead with a high IQ. Rewrites    are endless-for me anyway. Smashwords, rules: unknown rejected authors have an opportunity to be noticed easing the rejection burden. I am grateful Smashwords, lets people update their work and upload again, that is handy to many of us including me. I welcome Editors and manuscript assessments within reason.
			*
CONTENTS: 
SUSAN’S ENCOUNTERS. 
SEVEN INVITATIONS. 
THE TWO BLACKOUTS.  
THE DARK WOLVES. 
LAURA AND ANGELICA. 
THE TWO MAIDS. 
AFTER THE FLOOD. 
THE SMOKER. 
KAKADU SPIRIT. 
WISHING GIRL. 
THE STUD KILLER. 
RAPUNZEL.
RAVENSCROSS.
*
SUSAN’S ENCOUNTERS
CHAPTER ONE
BLOOD DRINKER
1
The blood of Judy Hagen, a pleasant indulgence for the creature in pursuit of Susan Stark, capable to transform that attractive middle-aged woman into a vampire of great beauty.
  A warm spring evening, Judy staggers onto the high-rise terrace, her lover sprawled out in the bedroom dead on the queen size bed. She holds a bottle of wine, gazes at the other high-rise buildings in the city of Brisbane, the lights and busy city activity below a tiny blur.
  Here’s…to you…B…Bris…bane.’
  She takes a swig; a cold breeze hits her in the face that felt like ice on her flesh. 
  She stumbled backwards, grabs a chair to hold herself upright able to hold the bottle. Judy cussed able to slowly stand upright despite her dizziness. She turns away from the view, not able to see into the apartment: a giant shadow stands before her in the lights. A tall, being in black, she assumes is her fiancée Augustus lorry.
  ‘Gustus. How did you…get so…tall?’
  She chuckled and staggered, unaware this was not her partner.
  ‘Augustus?’
  The creature Saul appears; thick white smoke circling the tall being covering the Terrace.    Through the smoke reveal two red blazing eyes, she cannot see the face, just eyes and fangs. Saul snarled; Judy screams at the stranger with his cape held out. Saul walks over to the girl, covers her in his cape and drains her to the last drop.
2
Typing away on her laptop, top story of the two-bedroom house office, Susan Stark almost mid-fifties, could pass for thirty or twenty-eight, author of two bestsellers: Night Cult, a novel about a private detective hunting for a killer werewolf.
  Her second novel: Jennifer’s Torment shot Susan to the bestseller lists. Night Cult made good money. Susan stopped renting, bought a house but kept working. Jennifer’s Torment made Susan a millionaire and after working various departments, same supermarket for longer than thirty years she gave up the day job; now an author. 
  Night cult was made into a movie to Susan’s satisfaction. Jennifer’s Torment might follow. Jennifer’s Torment is about a girl aged nineteen, burdened by Satanists. The novel dealt with witchcraft and Devil worshipping with sexual orgies, mostly lesbians. 
  Lots of male readers enjoyed Jennifer’s torment. Susan wondered how many males did not care about plot and wanted to just read about lesbian sex, her sister mentioned that. Susan agreed. 
  Susan never married is bi-sexual, sometimes she would sleep with married couples or just one person. She shared a bed with various lovers going both ways since her late teenage years no relationships or commitments for Susan which suited most people, mostly men.
Magazines and local Brisbane newspapers scattered over her desk with page one headlines: 
  SUSAN STARK. BISEXUAL WOMANISER AND MAN EATER. 
 53-YEAR-OLD BEAUTY PROVES AGE IS LIMITLESS.
  SUSAN STARK. AUTHOR AND SWINGER
  LIFE BEGINS AT FIFTY FOR SUSAN STARK
 Susan an avid book and movie fan; on her bookshelf books by favourite authors: Anne Rice. Elmore Leonard and most important Stephen King. She had all the Ian Fleming James Bond books. A big Bond fan, loving male leads and the Bond Girls. Night Cult in paperback and Jennifer’s Torment in Hardcover also on the shelf. 
  Her next novel due for release in forthcoming months: Flower Demon will be in stores and hopefully other people’s shelves. Susan sometimes read old articles about herself, friendly or not and smiles with a closed mouth; not much of a grinner being the strong Silent type. 
  Susan often told she looked like Kate Beckinsale, one of Susan's favourite actresses. Susan saw a slight resemblance, so did her sister and mother.
  Susan types away looking outside top floor window, out into her suburban neighbourhood of old and new houses in good condition. She jumps when her swivel chair is pulled back and younger sister by two years: Katy Stark sits on her older sister’s lap, Planting a kiss on her cheek.
  ‘Morning sis.’
  Susan grinned. ‘Jesus, Katy. I told you not to do that.’
‘Come on sis. You loved it when we were kids.’
  Katy stood up in North Queensland Cowboys football Jersey with the surname Thurston on the back and autograph of Katy’s favourite player. The sisters up in Townsville some years back met the players and got autographs. Katy is a Cowboys supporter first and Brisbane Broncos second, Susan, vice versa.
  Katy Stark who had short brunette hair since seventeen. Katy was one of these women who looked better with short hair instead of long hair, that she preferred to long hair anytime. In early fifties the sisters blessed with youth that made them look thirty. 
  Anyone who says Fifty is the new thirty, well Susan and Katy are both perfect examples, though the sisters do like to visit the beauty parlour, when they feel like it.
  Katy Stark married twice. First, she was twenty; marriage lasted six months, separated, both too young and not in love like they thought. Second marriage Katy and her lover early thirties and together for a year. 
  The couple used to fight; he wanted to live on the western side of the country while Katy stayed on the east side for her family. The guy’s family moved west for business reasons, and he put work ahead of love for his wife.
  Susan had never married or even come close, she had been bi-sexual since high school where she only got to grade ten and entered the workplace with no goals at the time. 
  The sisters used to argue: Susan, one lover after another: one-night stands. Katy believed in commitment until her failed second marriage. Katy like Susan happily avoids relationships and does one-night stands. 
  Susan never in a committed relationship, just casual ones. The Stark sisters liked freedom and variety. Susan went both ways; Katy: men only.
  The mother never criticised their daughters, respecting their privacy but told them to be careful, like any parent would. Susan’s father passed away than she entered the workplace to help with income, debts to be paid after the funeral. Susan who flunked every subject in school, including English did not mind leaving to enter the workplace.
  Katy took a picture magazine from last year off the bookcase with Susan on the cover in a bikini, sat down in a spare chair and flipped through the magazine. Inside Susan showed her breasts. The magazine writes about Susan being an ambassador for male perverts. She said she enjoyed variety of lover’s male and female. 
  She let guys hit onto her; the response would be a friendly yes or no. She had a legion of male fans. How many read my books? She wondered. On occasion she made love to female fans, most women, the opposite of Susan: commitment, Susan no responsibilities, I am not selfish, she had said in interviews, I choose freedom and variety.
  Susan stopped typing, stayed seated. Katy put the magazine aside; she laughed and snorted. Before Susan could ask, Katy kissed and told, leaning on the desk.
  Not the first time, sis.’ Katy said sis a lot. ‘The guy had these glow in the dark condoms. When he got a boner, it looked like a lightsabre from Star Wars. Just think if I had two men, they can both wear the glow rubbers get a boner and have a lightsabre duel.
  Susan laughed silently, not a big laugher. Katy snorted and made lightsabre sounds, best she could. 
  ‘How did you go last night with that couple sis? You were all in bed when I got home from Bowling last night. I heard a car leaving this morning.’
  ‘The guy’s wife is bi-sexual.  I was able to score with her, well as him.’
  ‘You oblige the common male fantasy sis. I accept men like you better than me.’
  ‘I don’t know. They were lovely but not gorgeous like Melanie Williams and her husband Ian.’
  ‘True. Ian is a handsome man sis.’
  Melanie a publisher here in Brisbane rejected Susan, before she accepted Night Cult, the money from the book and film allowed Susan to buy a home. Jennifer’s Torment, Susan left working. Susan used too manuscript rejections did not know how to act when acceptances and lots of money came her way. 
  She would have kept writing until she was a hundred if required.
Katy had lived in several apartments in the past, two ex-husbands and female mates. Susan a loner lived in three apartments before getting a house. Katy was invited to live with Susan. Katy lived with Susan, their mother lived north on the sunshine coast, a place she enjoyed. 
Success came late for Susan but not many people would realize that: Susan maintained her youth. Katy, her mother and even grandmother were beautiful for a long time.
  ‘It’s my fantasy to have a threesome with Ian and Melanie. I will never ask for it. They are committed parents.’
  ‘I think Ian might enjoy it sis.’
  ‘Only in my dreams.’
   Susan stopped to think, Katy asked what Susan is doing after she went silent, looking at the screen: typos to fix.
  ‘Are you thinking sis?’
  ‘Yes.’
  ‘I will think too. What are we thinking about sis?’
  Katy snorted.
 ‘I’m thinking about what I need to edit with my manuscript and wondering about how to Kill you.
  Katy chuckled and snorted.
  The vampire Saul wrote to Susan.
  Fan mail on a table and packages in the lounge sent to publishers then here unless Susan picked it up herself. Most fan mail friendly. Religious fanatics saying Susan will burn in hell. Many offers for sex, Susan had accepted some mostly from men, not many women. 
  Katy helped herself to some Turkish delights from a male admirer until Susan slapped her hand. Katy put the item down.
  ‘This is interesting.’ Susan said.
  She read a letter from Saul, the vampire she assumed a weird fan.
  “My darling Susan. I can enlarge your desires. I can give you Ian and Melanie Williams for sexual satisfaction.”
  Whatever, Susan thought. 
  Who the hell is Saul? Some mad fan who knows too much about me.
  Katy had chocolate on her lips and fingers after Susan read the message.
  ‘What?’
‘Hope you get pimples glutton.’
Susan forgot about Saul for now.
Early afternoon Susan and Melanie Williams relax in a sauna. A beauty parlour, no men allowed, just women, how Melanie likes it. Susan sits naked in the sauna, her attractive mate wrapped in a towel. 
Susan admires Melanie discreetly, she loves being naked in front of Melanie, she wished for Melanie’s Husband Ian or both, Susan refuses to ruin a relationship or marriage and create soap opera disaster.
Melanie informed Susan: next book will be in stores middle of next year. Flower Demon. 
Melanie is Susan’s best friend. The Stark sisters helped Melanie and Ian. Babysitting the couple’s two daughters during busy routines. Susan owed Melanie who delighted to publish Night Cult. Melanie rejected Jennifer’s Torment. Susan rewrote the novel with changes and after Night Cult, it is accepted. 
Susan made good money, paid off Ian and Melanie’s house, contributions for their children’s school, though both children went to public schools, parents not bothered with private schools due to cost mostly. 
Melanie and Ian refused to accept the generosity. Susan demanded they accept building up to great persistence. Susan refused to have them pay her back because Susan owed Melanie and Ian who read Night Cult and told his wife this should be published. He enjoyed Jennifer’s Torment. Susan loved both these people as family.
She wished the married couple could be her lovers.
‘You hear about Judy Hagan and Augustus Lorry?’ Melanie asked.
Susan could focus on talking to her half naked friend. She masturbated this morning. She is focused on Melanie. Susan wondered if she would learn the secret to why she has hormones like a young person in her middle age. 
Katy and other Stark females wondered why youth at an old age. They get tired, exhausted and have illnesses, so do youngsters. They wondered but stopped caring.
‘I know. Not a drop of blood on the scene.’
‘I knew someone who was friends with Judy. Never met Judy, but I spoke to her friend who is shocked about the death. Judy partied and drank a lot but never hurt anyone. This friend of mine asked me if I had lunch with Kate Beckinsale. Ian notices a resemblance between you and Kate. I do too.’
‘I love Kate Beckinsale. I am happy to be mistaken for my favourite actress. You watch Game of Thrones?’
‘Yes. Ian likes it more than I do.’
‘Katy thought my name is like Sansa Stark: same initials and surname.  A rare occasion when Katy has a brain.’
Susan is having lustful thought of her and Melanie making love to Ian, keeps herself under control. She took her mind out of the gutter; not polite to have lustful thoughts and think about these parents who lost a child. Melanie Williams is good at minding her own business. 
She often asked Susan and even Katy will they get married or rather asked Katy will she get married again. The sisters comment they are single for life, she asks no more. Eliminating lustful thoughts Susan found her mind wandering to Saul again.
3
Late evening, he drops the annoying girlfriend of at her house. They argue in the car. Chelsea and Andrew had their occasional spats.
‘Goddammit Andrew, why do you make a big deal out of nothing when I talk to other guys?’
‘I saw you with him, laughing and smiling when he put his arm around you.’
‘He has a partner. Jesus you are jealous. I never saw this side in you.’
‘I am not Jealous. I- ‘
A shadow zoomed by the passenger’s side of the vehicle, no sound of footsteps. It appears in front of the vehicle. The lights capture a tall figure in black clothes and cape, with a bald green head. The ears long and pointy. Red eyes blaze.
Chelsea screams. Andrew steps out to confront the hideous stranger. He falls under the spell of Saul the vampire into a trance.
Saul has sharp fingernails that make a vertical slice across Andrew’s neck.
Screaming, Chelsea slides over to the driver’s side. The driver’s door is ripped off and tossed into the street. Saul does not care who hears, he will be gone soon. Chelsea is grabbed by one hand round her neck, bringing her out of the vehicle then held above ground. She is strangled then drained.
4
Susan naked on her bed thinking about Melanie and Ian, she has a picture of them by her bed is hearing the voice of a pleasant stranger calling her to join. I will make them yours. Susan enjoys the charming unknown voice.
Saul stands outside the house. He can see up to Susan’s room; not inside. He can take her anytime, there is no rush. Saul disappears back to the empty house he occupies, where his young evil smirking accomplice is outside about to let the monster in. 
‘You will have Susan my friend. I know her well.’
5		
Apart from writing, Susan did work on her suntan, real or fake. She sunbathed in a bikini in the backyard, not caring who caught her. When she dressed and got back inside, Katy was in her bowling gear on the recliner. She had been reading about two recent murders. She handed the paper to Susan who sits on the sofa.
‘Shit hey.’ Katy said. ‘Two bodies drained of blood, no traces.
‘The news is always goddamn terrible Katy.’
Susan went through the paper and looked at Katy.
‘I wish you wouldn’t put numbers in the crosswords and letters in the sudokus.’
‘That’s nothing sis. One of my old lovers thought he had a condom and it turned out he bought a packet of balloons by mistake. What an idiot.’
Katy snorted.
‘What do condoms and balloons have to do with crosswords and sudokus?’
‘Nothing sis, thinking out loud. Anyhow sis. How can you remove all evidence of blood; maybe the killer had a straw stuck into the person’s body and drank, then he got a vacuum cleaner, found an outlet and cleaned the leftovers. Would suction get all the blood?’
Katy laughed and snorted.
‘That would not work, makes a great plot for some weird fiction. Might research it.’
‘Serious? How?’
‘I kill you and see if I can remove all evidence.’
‘You, kidder.
‘What is interesting, the bodies had two puncture marks on various parts of the body close together. Sort of a vampire killing.’
Next day Susan and Katy met another demon. A human being but monster.
6
This evening Saul killed an aerobics instructor after her class left. He appeared in smoke in the gymnasium dressing room and attacked before she could scream.
The middle-aged man helping Saul is called Ramsey sits on the floor meditating in the circle of a Satanic pentagram drawn in blue chalk.
Saul offered great riches to Ramsey if the man would bring him Susan Stark.
Saul claimed another two victims: a couple walking down a side street to their motel. The vampire struck before they could scream or fight.
7
Before, Susan and Katy left Brisbane city late afternoon, wanting to avoid school students who took up an entire train a lot of the time, she met Harold Nesbit on the platform, where commuters stepped on and off trains.
‘Don’t look now but it’s Harold.’
Harold grinned as he approached Susan.
‘Get fucked Harold.’ Susan said. No one could hear them stepping away from the public rush.
The sisters when it came to bad language: take it or leave it.
Katy thought Harold was clean cut and somewhat handsome, the smirk implied; please bash me up, not that people who smirked wanted to be beaten up, they without thought asked for it.
‘Come on Susan. You know you lust for me.’
‘Fuck off Harold. I wouldn’t care if you died.’
‘Wow.’ Katy said.
Insults flew off Harold. He had no emotion.
‘I am into terrorism and support workplace bullying. I want women to be hit. I think the poor people should be assassinated. I admired or still admire terrorist organisations.’
Katy felt traumatised, wondering if her heart is going to stop beating. There are no people near them, but Harold did not seem to care if someone heard or not. He told the sisters that he is wealthy, and money saves people from trouble according to Harold.
‘Harold. Are you serious?’ Katy asked.
‘Dead serious. You?’
‘Fuck off.’
The train pulled up, Susan and Katy boarded, when they looked outside, he was gone. Susan told Katy She met Harold outside her publisher’s office: Vikers. She thought Harold was a fan. He said what was on his mind. Wish we could organise a Ku-Klux-Klan an entertaining terrorist organisation the world will be a better place. 
Susan wondered if it is a joke, then he mentioned baby deaths and child cancer, he wanted it to happen more often. Susan was about to walk away, she is about to tell Harold he needs help, or be arrested, but the man vanished as though he was not there. Susan gave up.
‘He has vanished again Katy.
The two sisters had looked at each other in shock before Susan told Katy Harold has vanished again. The sisters are more stunned by Harold’s choice of words then his fast departure.
‘Made a dash for it, sis. He must be a fast mover. The things he said I tell you sis. Harold Nesbit will come undone, and money will not save the guy. He better piss-off fast.’
8
Susan stares looking outside her bedroom window of a warm evening naked not caring who saw her, even Saul, but if it is Harold Nesbitt then she will hide. Susan loved her body, her fifty-plus year-old figure like the body of a supermodel. She worked on her body of course with tummy exercise; fucking and masturbating, also good exercise.
Susan and Katy had often been told they are like the women from Sex and the City: middle aged and beautiful. Katy liked the show, Susan liked a few episodes, attracted to Samantha played by Kim Cattrall.
Susan did not believe in vampires but went shopping, nevertheless next day.
Katy walks into the kitchen after seeing a man off, who said a quick hello and goodbye to Susan. He was Katy’s one-night stand.
‘Damn! I forgot his name sis. Men are sex freaks lousy with commitment. Most women hate that but not us.’
Susan had some objects on the kitchen bench: wooden stakes. A mallet. A crucifix and some garlic cloves.
‘Fucking hell.’ Katy said. ‘What’s with the garlic.’
Katy covered her mouth.
‘Garlic doesn’t stink that bad Katy.’
‘You think. Smells like a gorilla farted.’
‘Jesus Katy.’
Susan told Katy, somehow there is a vampire at work. Her female instincts and whatever facts she could come up with while Katy stood at the counter observing the stake. Susan faced Katy standing leaning on the bench.
‘Saul sent me telepathic messages and offered eternal youth. Also, all victims were drained of blood.’
‘Vampires?’
Katy did not believe Susan and felt a chuckle coming on and stopped. Susan spoke serious, but like her younger sister, she cannot believe. None of them have phenomenal beliefs, both sisters since childhood both atheists believe everything has a logical scientific explanation.
‘I am a sceptic like you.  I sense a monster drinking people’s blood. All victims had every drop of blood removed from their bodies. In some vampire films and books the creature is not supposed to drain the body because the creature will die too. That is fiction.
‘Look at it this way sis. Maybe the killer pokes a big straw into the body and drinks most blood and uses a vacuum cleaner to suck the rest of the blood from the body.
Susan waved the garlic in front of Katy grinning.
Susan told Katy that Harold Nesbitt phoned while she was out, both sisters had no idea how this guy got their number. Susan wondered if Harold could be connected to the killings.
‘The stupid fucker wanted to take me to Italy to see the Marriage of Figaro: an opera.
‘A wedding and an opera. Is this Figaro dude related to Harold? 
‘What? No, Katy.’
‘Figaro must be a mate and he has invited Harold to his wedding. Figaro has some awful friends’ sis.’
Susan shook her head.
‘The Marriage of Figaro is an opera, Katy. Not a mate of Harold’s.’
Susan did not know much about opera, except from films based on true stories. Katy knew less about opera then Susan.
‘The Marriage of Figaro is an opera written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.’
‘I see sis. They are going to the wedding too or just the opera?’
‘Who?’
‘This Mozart and Amadeus and this wolf fellow.’
‘Katy. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is one man.’
‘I see. Have you met the guy before sis? Is Harold Italian like Figaro?’
Susan sighed, she felt laughter coming on that passed.
‘I got this sis: Figaro invites Harold to his wedding and later including this mosquito- ‘
‘Mozart.’
‘Yeah, him, will all go to the opera after Figaro is married.’
Susan covered her face to laugh forgetting about vampires until next morning.
‘What did I say sis?’
9
Before dawn Susan awoke, dressed up in one of her sexy dresses grabbed a backpack of weapons that she showed Katy. Susan knew where Saul lived: she dreamed Ian Williams was fucking her. When Susan opened her eyes to look at the man it is an ugly creature: Saul. She sees the house short walking distance. She and Katy lived in this house as children.
Susan might be making a mistake going there falling into a trap or Saul might be unaware that Susan will kill him.
Dreams are bullshit according to Susan but this recent one about Saul is not.
If Susan made bad timing running into a cop or something; she would say it is a morning walk, last night she was ill and is out at dawn to clear her head that is almost better. 
If her bag were searched, well the garlic she could cook up somehow to help with a head cold and the weapons, she was having a blitz in her garage seeing what she used and did not. She would say she had the wrong backpack from home, the one with her water bottle left at home. She would tell them what a scatterbrain I am like my sister.
The skills of a creative writer are to make up stuff. Susan met no one.
She looked at the house, it had a sign out front for sale. Susan went around the side and to the back door, no one saw her-thank God for the high fence, still she played cool and would say she lived here.
I am sexy and smart. She thought. Her planned excuses if she got caught could backfire somehow but worry about that later if it happens.
Susan had a bobby pin to unpick the lock. This trick she had learned from an old boyfriend of Katy’s: the hero in her book Night Cult did this so Susan had the guy help with research. She got it in under a minute, it was a small lock, if it had not worked Susan would have to break a window out back without too loud a noise.
The sun slowly rises as Susan enters through a laundry and walks into the house. She has a flashlight with her with little need for it. She parts the curtains. She has turned on the lights and looks up a flight of stairs. 
Memories living here in a house that looked different and new. She remembered her and Katy as children running through the house as little girls playing and parents calling out to them for dinner or asked the sisters how their homework was coming along.
Susan and Katy often slackened off when it came to homework; yet managed to pass tests with low grades. Lots of memories, both good and bad. Backpack in one hand and a crucifix in the other; Susan walks up the stairs to the top, where the bedrooms are located.
Susan looks around and is grabbed from behind. She dropped the crucifix and backpack. Her arms held up locked in a full nelson, powerful cold hands on the back of her neck. Saul has his fingers locked standing behind Susan, who can just breath in the monster’s grip.
‘Good morning, Susan.’ A voice sounding friendly speaks.
A man dressed in black attire walks out from a bedroom and faces Susan. He produces a weapon from a pocket, a switchblade knife.
Susan knows the guy well: Name is Ramsey, Katy’s first husband. After divorce, the sisters only ever bumped into the guy once or twice with short hellos before he left Brisbane and transferred to Sydney as he told them. Now he is back.
He is older, yet simple to recognize, he looked fine except for some grey hairs.
‘Ramsey? What the fuck?’
‘Saul is the one who wants you Susan not me. I see you dress the same.’
He stood close to Susan touching her face then put his hand up her dress feeling the leg. He activates the switchblade and is running it across Susan’s inner upper leg. Susan feels a sharp pain, does not scream just grits the teeth.
Ramsey makes a horizontal cut on Susan’s flesh making tiny blood drops.
Susan is let go: a ray of Sunlight burst between some window drapes from downstairs and Saul shields his face letting Susan go and falls backward down the stairs.
Ramsey drops the switchblade staring at Saul then looks at Susan clutching her wound. She stands, a treacle of blood running down her leg. Ramsey moves in and Susan stands, kicks with her left foot connects between Ramses legs with her own hitting in the groin. Susan placed little power in the blow, but it worked.
Ramsey fell to his knees; gasped. Susan kneeled again exhausted from the blow delivered.
‘My heart.’
The man struggles to breath clutching his chest.
He fell to the floor. She killed him. Susan is still, feeling shocked killing this man once her brother-in-law. Stunned, Susan focuses on Saul at the top of the stairs again and unharmed. Susan reaches the crucifix she dropped. Susan rises, holds the cross in front of the monster’s face standing. 
Saul shields his eyes. The monster falls back and down the stairs for a second time. Susan grabs the stake and mallet from the backpack and runs down to Saul about to stand up.
Saul’s arm reaches up and grabs Susan’s leg where Ramsey cut her touching the wound that bleeds. The touch of Saul made the blood dry up and disappear. Susan pulls away and points the stake.
Susan sits on top of Saul’s chest, pinning his heavy weight under her lightweight body. He is powerful. Susan being the little one manages to use what speed she can muster.
Mallet in left hand and stake in right hand, Susan hammers, able to hit the top of the stake that enables the sharp jagged edge to rip through material into the monster.
Susan hits and hits, a few times she missed, the mallet hit the floor. Susan pounds the stake down into flesh. The creature howls making an agonized howl then goes silent.
The monster’s eyes close and Susan getting her breath stands and watches Saul fade away into dust like in old horror films. Susan is stunned unable to move but she has too. First, she rushes up the stairs and sees Ramsey dead the body disappears into nothingness.
‘What the fuck?’
‘Leave Susan.’ The sweet female voice speaks in her head like telepathy.
‘Who?’
‘Go you are free.’ It said with sweetness.’
Talk about eliminating a crime scene, Susan thought.
Nothing here, no Saul, no Ramsey.
‘I’m not tripping. I’m not a lunatic.’ Susan whispered to herself.
Susan got it together gathered her gear and calm and cool walked out through the back and away from the house with no interruption.
10
Later in the morning Susan sat beside Katy on a sofa and told Katy everything. Katy is not upset about her ex-husband and does not poke fun at Susan’s story that she does not believe, well most of it. Fresh blood or dried up blood on a person or anywhere, Saul could touch it and it would disappear like magic.
‘Saul touched blood and made it disappear. That explains no drops of blood. Good cleaning up.’ Katy commented.
‘You killed two mad men, sis. No one can trace you because bodies vanished, well you made Saul vanish and this woman whose voice you heard makes Ramsey vanish.’
‘A great campfire tale. I never learned why your former husband was aiding Saul. We never will.’
‘I remember he had some oddball friend’s sis, but not killers. Oh well.’
A knock on the door and a voice.
‘Susan it is Harold.’
‘Not him again.’
Katy smiled. ‘Let him in sis.’
‘What?’
Katy got up and moved around. Susan stared at Katy and went to answer the door.
Harold wore a suit, no tie and there was that evil smirk that implied punch me in the mouth.
‘Get fucked Harold.’
‘Pleased to see you too.’
He walked in getting past Susan. As he faced her Katy had discreetly placed cut garlic down the back of his trousers with great and sneaky discretion, then she had a bottle of Susan’s diet coke with her thumb over where the lid was meant to be and shook it.
‘Hey Harold.’ Katy said.
Harold faced Katy and soft drink sprayed his suit.
Harold screamed like a little girl, Susan tripped the guy, her foot connecting with the back of his ankle making him fall to the floor. He was about to get up, Katy unknowingly to Harold reached into a jacket pocket and removed his expensive leather wallet.
Harold faced both sisters; the smirk came back. Susan I am not mad at you, or your sister. We will meet again.
Both sisters told Harold to fuck off and commit suicide.
Harold said good day, after he was gone the sisters went through his wallet and pocketed his money and cards.
The Stark sisters had come across lots of oddballs in the past, in and out of the workplace, and Susan had met weird-strange fans and cruel critics. The sisters had never met anyone like Harold, who it appeared must have had a death wish: the things he said without a care.
‘Let us go spend his money sis and maybe his cards.’
‘Don’t know if we can use the cards, but there is a thousand dollars cash in here. We can spend that.’
‘Cool, miss vampire slayer,’ Katy joked.
Susan went out with Katy, forgot Saul and the sweet voice of her unknown fan or foe. She forgot about all demons, but they would remember.
CHAPTER TWO
DEAL WITH A DEMON
1
Somewhere from time and space to now, a red flame sphere capable of assuming demonic forms ended up on the same flight as Susan Stark.
2
Katy Stark always wondered why seats on planes always filled up, never an empty. Bums on seats she would joke. The Stark sisters had travelled all over Australia over the decades, been to every state and territory even before Susan became an author. 
The sisters and other family members would holiday at the same time, journey somewhere. They had even been to both islands of New Zealand. 
Today they fly to Sydney: a friend of Melanie Williams: Susan’s book publisher had a friend with a daughter needing an operation to stop one of the cancer cruelties, Susan could not remember which one, but voluntarily paid for the operation. Katy went along for moral support.
Susan and Katy wait at the airport to board another full flight. Katy whispers to Susan as they look at the pilots and cabin crew ready to board.
‘Check out the pilot sis. I’ll give him a free cockpit tour.’
Katy laughed and snorted. Susan slightly amused as always.
‘Control yourself Katy.’
Susan turned her head another direction. Katy saw why: Harold Nesbit is here. Susan went to confront the guy. He is here to see Susan. They stand away from others. Katy remembers Harold. A terrible person who admitted to liking terrorism and death, something along those lines. She remembered stealing his wallet and cards.
Susan and Harold whispered, especially Susan.
‘What do you want? Go fuck yourself Harold.’
Same Harold Nesbit smirk that implied punch me in the mouth.
‘First of all, you didn’t get to use my cards your sister stole. I was able to make phone calls and cancel cards, go online and change account details.’
None of the sisters cared, if Harold is angry or not, he is not irate at all.
‘Katy threw them into the school yard up the road from us Harold. Anyway, now fuck off.’
‘I know you lust for me. Hopefully, there might be a terrorist attack and a plane might blow up here or overseas.’
It made Susan sad to hear this. The hate in her is more powerful.
‘Harold. I do not care much for name calling but you are a cunt. I would never say that about anyone but you. I hope when I tune into the news, your death will be on. Go fuck yourself.’
Susan walked away and told Katy about their short discussion.
‘You should have made a scene sis. Have Harold arrested?’
‘Didn’t think of that. If Harold keeps talking the way he does, especially this day and age, he will be in god knows how much trouble.’
Less than an hour later everyone is settled on the plane. A child commented to Susan being pretty. Susan returned the compliment. Katy asked, “What about me?” She got a ‘You too.”
Katy took a magazine out of her backpack, one of those magazines with nude men.
‘I don’t know if you should be reading that on a plane, Katy.’
Katy looked up from the mag to Susan.
‘You say something sis?’
‘Put that away.’
Susan thought someone might complain if they saw pictures Katy looking at rude pictures. 
Katy turned the page.
‘Wow. Look at the size of his donger sis. I could play that like a flute.’
Katy laughed and snorted.
The person close to the window, paid no attention to Katy on the isle and Susan: they had earphones and an I pad. Susan is thankful.
‘Put that away.’ Susan repeated.
Katy agreed with Susan, better not let anyone see a naughty magazine, though some female passengers would like to get a look.
Susan reads a Stephen King book. Katy reads a Sue Grafton mystery. Not a big reader, never has been except for the Kinsey Millhone alphabet series by Sue Grafton. Katy keeps reading and Susan dozes. 
3
Susan wakes minutes later. Katy and everyone else are gone. Susan rises, no one except her and two others: a teenage girl and the child who told Susan and Katy they were pretty.
‘No. No.’ Susan murmured.
The child calls for her mother, while Susan and the girl look at each other. The girl checks the time on her phone.
“We only took off twenty minutes ago. What happened?’
Susan thought of the supernatural but did not say in case she was wrong and get mocked. Three passengers left, not anything on the seats or in overhead compartments.
Susan had not been tripping, she is clear headed, just like the time she met the vampire. This is no walking nightmare. The other two know they are awake. They look scared, mostly the child.
 Sarah, eighteen-year-old girl off to Sydney to enrol in a university, did not say what. Susan did not approve of people who gloated about their education, she had been a high school dropout. If they could figure this phenomenon, Susan and these girls might be able to gloat about this but would realize they would get mocked.
Susan less frightened; Sarah appears shocked almost much as Jody, who cries without sound.
The child looked at Susan who grinned at the girl in tears saying “Mummy”.
She settled making eye contact with Susan and informed Susan and Sarah she was nine and going to Sydney to see cousins. The schools were out being late November. Jody is the girl.
All three look out a window. The plane is on its flight path, so it seems as the three make brief introductions to each other.
Susan clutches her head: a sweet female voice speaks inside her. She looked away. 
‘Help us, Susan. It’s me Veronica.’
‘Hey you with us?’ Sarah asked.
The voice faded, Susan gained focus, while remembering she heard this voice sometime back after she defeated the vampire. Whoever this Veronica is, Susan has fallen in love with her.
Susan focused: did not want the other two to see her look like she was distracted in thought.
‘What do we do?’ Sarah asked.
Jody stays close to Sarah. She is silent. The three remain standing, leaning on seats.
‘Why are we the only ones here?’ Sarah asked.
They checked the time, and nothing had changed, still the same day date and time. Sarah looks around the plane, no one hiding.
‘I think we should try the cockpit, but first: you two should try to go back to sleep.’
‘What are you talking about Susan. We dozed off and now look. Don’t think I’m brave enough to take a nap.’
Susan agreed, but she felt positive about her plan.
‘I believe we are in a twilight zone situation.’
‘Twi what?’ Jody asked, sounding in better spirits. 
Sarah looked like she did not know what Susan was on about. These girls are too young to know what the Twilight Zone means. They would not have any knowledge of that tv series dealing with phenomenal encounters.
‘I believe.’ Susan said. ‘If we fall asleep, we return to our normal whereabouts.’
‘I don’t want to go to sleep.’ Jody said.
‘Me neither.’ Sarah agreed. ‘We could pass out and wake up somewhere else.’
The thought of Veronica Vikers that struck Susan as a guardian angel. Susan sensed the woman now.
‘I believe you two will be fine.’ Susan said. ‘Go and sit together. You should drift off and wake up, among others.’
Sarah and Jody exchanged looks; Susan noticed.
‘Please trust me.’ Susan said.
‘What about you?’ Sarah asked.
‘I want to check the cockpit. This situation is more for me then you two.’
‘Be a waste of time if Jody and I are meant to be here and we don’t do anything.’
‘I know, but I might learn why we are here and no one else is.’
Susan is lost but walks up to the cockpit door and knocks. Sarah and the child walk over but Susan advises Sarah to take a seat and watch the child. 
‘Do you know something?’ Sarah asked.
‘I think I might. Call it weird female instinct. I have a bad feeling something is behind this door.’
‘Susan let us all sleep.’ Jody said.
The child looked shaken but slowly gets herself together.
‘The child is right Susan. Let us pass out together and if what you say is true, we will be back in the present we are meant to be in.
Susan wanted to join them, but Veronica appeared to be in trouble and Susan wanted to help that lovely stranger she hoped to meet. She could not tell the other two this.
Susan reaches out to embrace the two who meet her back, trust in Susan.
Sarah took the child and sat down, they both dozed off.
Susan knocked on the cockpit door. The door opened itself. Susan entered. Someone in the pilot’s seat, not a someone but a thing.
4
The plane is on correct flight course, Susan had the supernatural hunch and is right. The cockpit feels cold, Susan shivers looking at the red person behind the controls. Susan makes herself seated in the co-pilots chair.
The being has no body, a red person with no facial features except black eye sockets the rest of its figure is red with no features. looks like a mannequin too Susan. 
‘Susan. I crash this plane with souls aboard unless you accept my deal.’
The voice pleasant yet full on serious. The thing did not turn its head or move its body, not a twitch. There is no mouth yet able to provide a common sound.
Susan observed the being, who will not budge, in perfect still condition.
‘What are you?’ Susan asked.
The being refused to explain itself. It spoke with a masculine yet even somewhat soothing voice. 
‘I kill everyone on board and your friend’s friend will not die from cancer. If you say no to my offer, then I kill the cancer victim and let everyone live.’
Susan wondered if she had taken any hallucinogenic drug by mistake. She knows this is real.
‘Why are there three people left?’
‘Random choosing Susan. I know all and when people pass out, I can bring them into another dimension, this time three of you slept, everyone else is awake. I can take people in their sleep Susan. 
‘This time I abducted those who remained awake. Return to regular society, you will not know each other. It is like waking up from a nightmare and immediately forgetting. The deal Susan?’
A rock and a hard place, Susan wondered if she would live to write again. Susan thought as she gazed at those two black holes with no face.
‘My offer is…’
‘Why put me in this position? Explain yourself.
The being refused to talk about itself.
‘I can kill the cancer victim and you Susan and everyone on this flight lives. I kill you and the cancer victim is cured; the passengers live. I kill everyone and let you live. The decision is yours Susan.’
Afraid and somewhat confused, Susan remembers her options barely. She has heard enough and refuses to make any choice.
Susan used two index fingers and poked the being in the eyes and green blood poured down the empty facial red flesh. 
‘Get behind thee and never return.’ Susan whispered.
The fingers went into the eyes and there was a splat.  The being did not raise arms to fight back, did not yell when Susan blinded it. 
A mess of green goo trickled from the bare face down the body into the lap of the faceless being. Some goo on Susan’s fingers. Susan wiped her fingers on the arm of the seat beside her. The being vanished into nothingness. There were no green blood traces as though it had not been here. Susan is alone in the cockpit. 
No harm to anyone. She wanted to sit here and think, while not sleepy wanted to pass out and did.
5
Susan woke up next to Katy. The plane has landed.
‘Your awake sleeping beauty.’ Katy said.
Susan felt relief being back on the public plane again. Passengers moved about attending to overhead compartments. The plane has landed, and Susan had not noticed until Katy woke her up. Susan looked around at the passengers crowding the aisle and removing items from overhead compartments. She faced Katy feeling puzzled.
‘When I was asleep, did I speak or move about?’
‘You ok sis?’
‘Yes. Did I do anything?’
‘No, you just slept with the book on your lap.’
Susan remembers the red demon offering all these deals and she poked the eyes out. She looked at her fingers, no trace of goo. Passengers departed. Susan distracted keeps focused. The sisters make it to baggage claim. Susan has Katy wait for luggage. 
She notices Sarah and little Jody who moves around the airport with her mother telling her to stay close. The two girls do not remember Susan, as they go about their lives without no memory only Susan would remember.
Sarah meets up with friends her age, while Jody with her parents waited for luggage, giving a pleasant smile to Susan and Katy as she runs around, her mother telling her to be still.
They do not remember, Susan thought. I remember, the thing let me keep the memory even when I took the eyes out. I will not know why. I killed it, but it made the other two forget while I remembered.
Thoughts running through Susan’s head.
‘You okay sis? You look distracted.
‘Fine. Had a weird dream while I slept.’
‘A wet dream, sis?’
‘No.’ Susan snapped, getting her grip on reality.
Susan next day met Melanie, and one day later her friend was a hundred percent: cancer caught and destroyed, though of course would be on medications and have check-ups.
6
Susan and Katy stayed in a fancy hotel with a viewing area from the roof top where they could see Sydney Harbour and surrounding CBD. The sisters outside on a terrace. Susan spoke about her flight.
‘I refused the deal Katy and that was the being’s downfall.’
‘You are not ill are you sis? You do not lie. I think you speak truthfully, yet I need to see that for myself.’
Susan agreed, one day Katy might have an encounter.
‘Figuring out my situation with monsters.’ Susan said. ‘Veronica Vikers, is more difficult than trying to figure out how to say: Peter Piper Picked a Peck of Pickled peppers. I think that’s how it goes.’
‘Anyone can say that. Peter Peck pickled. Peter Picked pepper. Peter Piper picked a pickled peck. Peter Porker piped a pickle. Smart ass.’ Katy said.
During their week here the sisters socialised with Melanie Williams and her friends, visiting places while Ian Williams stayed at home with the two girls. They visited all top attractions and ate various foods.
On the flight home to Brisbane there were no disturbances.
CHAPTER THREE
CURSE OF BEAUTY
1
Three gorgeous women; two brunettes and a blonde with long wavy curly hair and matching sleeved long dresses down to their ankles, with red boots that matched the dresses they all wore.
Gabriella, the blonde and two brunettes: Rhianna and Sascha, have arrived in the Brisbane suburb of Indooroopilly walking down the street and enter a gymnasium: Hadley’s on a weekday.
When guys looked, they turned away. Women felt threatened, not by beauty but the fear they were casting off. This is not a common fear of certain someone, it is beyond that. Even the toughest macho guy felt chilled by these ladies who were decades older than they looked. They have killed when needed.
They walk side by side not clearing a pathway. People are glad to oblige stepping out of the way of these attractive sinister beings with look of ire hatred. If anyone did not oblige then look out. They walk into the Gym up to the front counter. The girl there looks frightened soon as they enter.
‘Leave and we will not kill you.’ Gabriella commanded. Her voice same as the other two powerful and could strike any nerve.
The girl obliged. The witches walked through the gymnasium scaring everyone. People stopped what they were doing and packed up equipment-some did-others just grabbed their gear and left, not clearing up after themselves. 
Two young guys are immune when the three witches walk into the sauna where they rest. The guys are sweating but the witches do not. They do not break a sweat. The two blokes do not notice enjoying the attractive company.
‘Well hello ladies.’ One said: Derek. The other guy: John.
‘Get out!’ Rhianna snapped.
The guys grinned, unafraid. There are some people who need to be scared the hard way.
‘We aren’t going anywhere.’ John said. ‘We could all leave together and go back to your place.’
‘Get out!’ Gabriella snapped this time. All three had their fingers pointed toward the men.
‘I think we will stay right here.’ Derek said.
Both guys chuckled until the burning sensation enveloped them: blue lightning volts blasted both guys pouring outwards from the fingers of all three women. The sauna boasts blue light as Derek and John are burned by bolts of lightning.
The entire Gymnasium deserted, no one hears the screams of John and Derek whose bodies are entirely black, burned to ashes that scatter the sauna.
The three witches have the gymnasium to themselves.
2
‘Fuck! Fuck!
Susan Stark uttered these words, she had stopped writing on the computer and moved to the kitchen past the lounge where Katy sits watching an episode of Game of Thrones, both sisters are big fans. Susan likes the series better than the books. Katy has not read the books: she does not read fiction, except the Kinsey Millhone mysteries.
Susan sips cold water to relieve pain that is minor for now.
‘Could we fuck later sis, I have a headache.’ Katy joked and snorted laughter.
‘Whatever Katy. Goddamn tooth started to hurt again. I think I’ll get some tooth drops.’
Susan had felt a pain yesterday ignored it, then it returned today. Katy stood up leaning over the counter watching Susan sip water.
‘You ok sis?’
‘Yes.’
Susan and Katy had not been to the dentist in years, before Susan hit the big time with her debut novel: Wolf Cult, the sisters only visited the dentist when they only had a toothache. They could not afford work and their teeth were crooked and broken in several places.
After sales of Wolf Cult, Susan had made enough money not to retire even after the book was a film but plenty to buy a cheap house and get dental work, both sisters needed almost ten thousand dollars of dental work. No surprise to either Susan or Katy people never visited the dentist: the bloody costs. 
3
Throughout the day the pain passed; Susan focused on beauty treatment in Brisbane’s CBD. She met her friend and publisher Melanie Williams. Susan loved when Melanie kissed her cheek, she fantasised about Melanie, her husband Ian kissing her elsewhere. She had many an evening masturbated over them. 
After their massages they were in the sauna, Melanie in a swimsuit while Susan sat naked focused on reality but having lustful thoughts being discreet.
Melanie told Susan about her cousins, Brad and Tina: both her age received a scare.
‘It happened at Hadley’s: gymnasium in Indooroopilly. They use the gym on a weekday, no one is there but doors are unlocked and wasted food on the table. Equipment not wiped down and towels everywhere, even some personnel belongings.
They get there and leave after three women scare them away. The women wonder around the cafeteria, while they look around, Brad tells me: their eyes change colour.’
Lustful thoughts fade. She thinks demons again, remembering the vampire Saul and the red demon on her last flight some weeks ago. Susan is interested, wonders if someone will enter the sauna. Women move around outside, no one enters.
‘Anyway.’ Melanie continued. ‘The women beautiful scared the couple and they left. People in the area claimed that lots of Hadley’s members walked out one evening, and next morning, someone claimed the place was opened all night, not a twenty-four-hour gym Susan.
People went in then went out seconds later. The next day no one goes. Residents living in the area report this. You think people would have something better to do than loiter for a long period of time.’
‘Interesting.’ Susan said. 
‘Brad and Tina live close to Hadley’s they were going to return, but they told me, when they got within ten yards of the place they were scared. Brad and Tina are not likely to make up nonsense. My husband is joining us for lunch if you would like to join us.’
Susan would rather join them both in the bedroom but did not say so.
‘I’m there.’
Ian Williams met Susan and Melanie at a food court, in a shopping mall. 
He hugged Susan quickly, that Susan wished to be longer. Ian reminded Susan of a film star from the old black and white film era: short dark hair and a small dark moustache.
Ian seated Susan and Melanie.
‘A charming knight in shining armour,’ Susan said.
‘Don’t I know it.’
‘Always have the time to aid the damsels.’ Ian said.
‘The noble knight Melanie.’
‘My knight in shining armour. A regular sophisticated gentleman.’
‘You two make me blush.’ Ian said.
Susan wondered if she could make Ian hard. Ian and Susan never flirted because Susan did not wish to create a terrible lovers triangle. Ian decided to shout lunch. 
Melanie asked about Katy. Susan said Katy is playing ten pin bowling with her friends. Katy rarely bowled strikes, lots of the time she could knock down eight or nine pins and several times knock down remaining pins.
Susan and this couple had a great friendship. She had paid their house off and helped with Ian and Melanie’s two daughters, that Susan believed liked Katy better than her, not that she minded, Katy provided laughter to people better than she did.
Ian told Susan what he saw in the suburb of Indooroopilly. Ian had a meeting there and we see these women walking towards us, we stepped aside, let them use the whole footpath. 
‘The weird thing is, we felt scared, we sensed they were casting fear around. Other people crossed the street, a few jaywalkers, quickly looking left and right then running across the road. We felt better after leaving Indooroopilly.
4
Susan wanted to check this out. The next day she paid a visit to Hadley’s. Katy thought of going but had a lunch date with her bowling buddies.
Detective work unless the police came along and sent her out, no. The gym is deserted.
Susan entered the gymnasium, the closer to the entrance, she felt her body go cold on this hot Brisbane day. The place deserted; cleaned up, whoever took over this place had it looking tidy. Susan did not see anyone. She went behind the counter then checked the rest of the gymnasium out. No one anywhere.
Susan wondered if she strutted around nude, would people turn up? She had one of her sexy dresses on, so it never took her long to dress or undress, especially in front of people she loved like Melanie Williams.
Susan went into the dressing rooms, clothes had been picked up, lockers closed except one. Susan looked in and found nothing. She slammed the thing and turned to face three women. 
These women made no sound. They looked pissed off. Susan has no idea what to do, she was not going to poke their eyes out like the demon on the plane.
‘Susan Stark. I am Gabriella, this is Sascha and Rhianna.’
Susan nodded as her body shook. It is a hot day, but her body felt ice cold with fear.
The visitors walked around Susan and stood still.
‘You defeated the vampire, Saul. Rhianna said. ‘A friend of ours but we don’t despise you for it.’
‘You came here to find us.’ Sascha said.
‘I…heard the gym was…abandoned.’ Susan managed.
Unarmed and unprepared, Susan did not want to battle. Susan did not care how they knew her name. Anyway: supernatural demons know everything; in fiction they do and in real life like right now. Susan felt the three beauties older than herself casting off fear.
‘I have to be leaving.’ Susan managed.
Susan made a break walking away fast, made it out, no one followed.
5
After dinner at her house Susan and Katy were watching the Paranormal Activity films. Susan loved this film franchise. Katy liked the first one average but not the others. Halfway through the film Susan got up cause her tooth hurt, a mild pain.
Susan paced the lounge as Katy watched.
‘Do you want me to run out and get you something sis?’
‘I think it’s a curse Katy.’
‘I think its common pain sis.’
‘No, the common pain is you.’ Susan joked.
‘Ha. I won’t go out for you now.’
6
The pain passed, Susan woke up the next morning, with the daylight making first appearance in her room. She saw on her dresser a crucifix beautiful gold. A tiny little cross that looked old could be held in the palm of the hand hidden by a clenched fist. Susan climbed out of bed naked and looked at the weapon with a note beside it: USE THIS SUSAN. I PROMISE IT WILL KILL GABRIELLA. SASCHA AND RHIANNA. LOVE VERONICA. 
Susan, two months back remembered Veronica talking to her by telepathy, after defeating Saul. The sweet, lovely voice, she would never forget.
Jesus Christ Veronica. Susan thought. What is your deal and why choose me?
Susan went back to Hadley’s next evening. Her daytime filled up with book signing at a shop in the city. Susan bonded well with fans.
No one questioned her lifestyle of freedom and variety. If they did Susan would say, please no comment. Some of the male fans did not look intelligent and were buying her books to get laid with this man eater, some guys asked Susan for a quick fling. Today she had a man for two hours. She wanted to focus on Hadley’s gymnasium. 
The gymnasium still deserted with the creepy atmosphere, Susan surfaces in the swimming pool, two-piece bikini on her youthful fifty-year-old plus body. Susan back floats, she is not a great swimmer, widths were her best efforts. 
Susan decides to battle if had too. Another encounter: Saul and the red being, now these three. One day at a time, Susan believed. 
Susan back floated and thought.
Demons no longer frightened her, she has been made to do battle and is fine with that. Yes, there is fear, but it no longer interferes with train of thought. She believed these beauties would show up. Susan also believed she was helping a woman called Veronica out and Susan wanted to do that.
She had never seen Veronica yet has sexual fantasies wishing the woman were here now making love to her. The same lustful thoughts for Veronica as she did Ian and Melanie.
The three witches stood looking into the pool facing Susan. They move in silence with great sneakiness.
Susan stands, the water up to her shoulders.
‘You come back to us.’ Rhianna said.
‘How is the water, Susan?’ Sascha asked. ‘Actually. How is your tooth?’ Susan felt light pain in her tooth.
‘We gave you the ache Susan.’ Gabriella informed her.
The three women raise arms upwards. Susan feels the tooth hurting. Witchcraft on her tooth.
The women lower their arms and Susan’s toothache passes.
‘Not my tooth!’ Susan snapped. ‘Kill me instead.’
Susan not afraid of death, is not in a hurry to meet it either. The witches stand side by side facing the pool, watching Susan hand on her jaw, staring at the women afraid. Susan does not get to speak. The water in the pool ripples into waves and Susan is hurled backwards. The witch’s eyes blaze.
The water turns into clear waves hitting Susan in the face. She is fighting a tide being swept backwards into the deep end.
The waves that hit Susan came up to her face and crashed down splashing the concrete and walls around the pool. Susan who had been in the ocean felt like the ocean had come to this pool, without the sea salt made by these three witches. The ripples are powerful and Susan in the deep end tries to swim for the surface.
Susan breaks through. Ripples rise and hit Susan from behind now and she goes under. The three witches blast lightning from all fingertips pouring blue volts into the water. Susan sees from below and swims over to the edge of the pool, reaches into her bikini briefs to retrieve the crucifix from Veronica Vikers.
She trusted this Veronica she had never met before. She hoped this would work not thinking positive.
The lightning bolts stopped, Susan surfaced catching air and pitched the crucifix at the three striking Sascha on the neck. Rhianna and Gabriella at the time were about to fire more volts towards Susan, who went under another wave. The weapon that struck Sascha made all three screams.
The water in the pool has gone still, Susan swims to the shallow end and plants her feet. The three women clutched their heads screaming, fell to their knees. Susan wondered if they would fall into the pool; they fell back the other way. 
Susan did not remember which one was Sascha, Rhianna and Gabrielle.  They had combined power and even weakness: when one went to her knees, the other two would collapse against the wall same as their friend. An explosion, not grotesque thank God, 
Susan is glad about later, but a blue explosion where blue smoke appears and vanishes into atoms. Gripping their heads, they exploded into nothingness, vanishing, they are gone.
No one here, just Susan, who looks where three witches stood, not a trace of anyone being here, just the crucifix Susan dropped. Curse of fear left the gymnasium, Susan is relaxed as she exits the pool gets dressed and goes home keeping the crucifix. No fear in the area of Hadley’s or outside.
The small crucifix had fit comfortable in the front of her bikini bottom and was waterproof. Susan retrieved the crucifix, maybe Veronica might need it back sometime.
7
The tooth gave no trouble. Susan did visit a local dentist for peace of mind, found nothing wrong, though they charged lots of money. Susan and Katy wondered if dentists would focus on poor people for a change; that would be supernatural.
Susan walked in the door; Katy came out of her room in her bathrobe.
‘How did it go sis?’
‘No damage but the pricks take your money.’
‘Dentists are assholes sis.’
‘What are you up too Katy?’
 Katy did not have to answer.
‘Katy. You coming back? A male voice said.
‘Katy come back another voice said.
Katy grinned at Susan. Then looked at two masculine men, a white guy and a black guy in speedos built like gods with eight pack abs. Standing outside Katy’s bedroom.
‘They came over to play with me sis.’
Susan sighed: she could not tease Katy: she had lots of men in her room not to mention women.
The men looked at Susan both being fans. Susan indulged their presence. They offered her shoulder rubs and Susan took them upstairs while Katy remained at the bottom of the stairs.
Susan welcomed the company of these two guys as Katy stood at the bottom of the stairs.
‘Hey guys. We have not finished yet. I haven’t had my spanking.’
Katy jumped up and down on the spot. ‘Someone, pay attention to me.’
No one did.
CHAPTER FOUR
KILLER CHARM
1
The charming millionaire killed three women over two weeks, they had been suckers. He is a rich killer but could be vulnerable. A good-looking rich guy, even if he is not rich, the man would still be a hit with women. None of his female lovers would suspect this individual to be working with demons or a killer himself.
David Borden picked up women in bars and clubs. Early thirties, rich and good looking, the women came easy when you had those two things. David invited one woman after another to his Melbourne penthouse apartment and suffocated them.
David Borden has supernatural power, when he kisses women for a long time, they cannot breathe, seconds later they die. He takes the bodies late in the evening in body bags destroys all evidence leaving no traces of himself. He did not want corpses in his apartment.
People he had killed investigated to no success; missing persons cases unsolved you could say. Female beauty gave him powerful youth and each woman made him stronger. He is young and will stay that way like another woman who is fifty something blessed with athletic youth. 
David looks out at the city of Melbourne in the night at buildings and shops, then picks up a book of a coffee table, sits and gets comfortable reading Flower Demon by Susan Stark.
2
The Melbourne heatwave continued. Christmas is over but holidays and activities remain all over Melbourne, where the Stark sisters are due to an invite. Katy and Susan okay visiting places like Melbourne but stayed away from other places like The Gold and Sunshine Coast near to where they lived in Brisbane, cause the school holidays are still in effect.
David Borden woke up to the naked beauty beside him, who rolled over and smiled. Susan stepped out of bed naked, peaked through the drapes, to a glorious view of Melbourne city in a distance from the suburb of St Kilda in a high-rise accommodation apartment building, where one window looked out at the high-rise buildings in the CBD of Melbourne.
  ‘Hi.’ He spoke.
‘Hi yourself.’ Susan Stark responded.
Susan arrived earlier in the week after receiving an invitation by mail. Katy was invited and had an apartment to herself on another floor. Susan unable to figure out how this guy got her address. Katy reminded Susan of smart-ass technology.
Another bedroom window in the building on the top floor offered a view of St Kilda Beach and surrounds. David Borden: allowed individuals of his choosing anywhere in Australia, all the time attractive women, who are now a missing person’s case in Victoria.
Susan has no suspicions of David, she was hesitant about his invite mailed to her address, never heard of the guy, he informed her he was a big fan who offered to pay her expenses.
Susan stopped looking at the morning view of a day that looks to be great, but Melbourne is the city of four seasons in one day, weather could change back and forth, she has been here before and enjoys Melbourne despite its weird weather that cannot make up its mind. 
David wearing a robe had merchandise for Susan: Melbourne Demons AFL gear. Susan is a Queenslander but barracks for The Demons and the Brisbane Lions in AFL. Susan modelled Melbourne Demon’s shorts and Jersey; she did a turn for David.
‘Well, what do you think?’
‘You look better than the men.’ He spoke.
David and Susan held each other standing.
‘I have a conference today. Tomorrow, we can go to the Botanical Gardens for a picnic, your sister is invited to join us.’
‘Great idea.’ Susan agreed.
‘I know some of the Demons players. I can introduce you. Three of them know you and like your books. One of them asked me if you would consider being president of their club.’
‘I am not presidential material David. I love Melbourne but refuse to be here in Winter.’
‘I will make you heat up Susan like last night.’
‘I bet you will.’
3
David went about his business, a millionaire working with share companies. Finance is his business he had told Susan. Susan had no idea he is a killer. 
Susan went to visit Katy two floors down, riding the elevator down from the top floor to a middle floor. Katy had her own apartment accommodation. Katy had panoramic views of Melbourne high rise buildings, and the windows on the other side a view of St Kilda beach. 
The apartment like others came with two bedrooms, bathroom and kitchen, she kept neat. Katy eats potato chips while watching an episode of The Walking Dead on pay TV, a repeat. Susan and Katy both fans of this show, with awesome zombie kills.
Katy admires Susan’s get up.
‘Taken up football sis?’
‘A gift from David.’
Katy did not like AFL but liked to joke about the sport.
‘He kicks a few goals? Hey sis? He kicked a goal and got a behind.’
‘Everything has to be dirty with you, doesn’t it?’
Katy smiled and nodded.
Ever since childhood before they were teenagers Katy had spoken dirty to Susan, explaining that she knew adults liked to fuck, when their children were never around. 
Two blonde women both twins and nineteen with a terrible rude attitude problem enter Katy’s room. Susan had left the door ajar. The sisters got a slight startle when they saw the twins walk in. 
They face Susan and Katy next to each other. The twin sisters stand next to each other; the four, look like they are in a standoff. Helen and Hannah both blonde and beautiful let it be known to Susan and Katy straight away they do not belong here.
These two invited themselves in and spoke in a rude tone when they said: ‘You two need to leave.
Katy: We know you two?’
Helen: ‘We saw you both arrive. Susan and Katy. We do not want you here. You think Mr Borden wants two decrepit old hags plastered in make up like you two.’
Susan and Katy saddened by the rude attitudes. Susan and Katy think, and insults are traded as the Stark sisters feel somewhat upset by these two who appeared to not know right from wrong.
Helen: ‘He doesn’t want to fuck any of you. It is our young blood he lusts for.’
Hannah: ‘So why don’t you two grannies take a hike back to bingo or lawn bowls and let us young folks take over.’
Susan: ‘It appears you two weren’t taught manners or respect for your elders.’
Hannah: ‘No. It is a young person’s world, and you are both ancient has been sluts.’
Katy: ‘Hey! If no one will teach you respect for your elder’s, then we will.’
Helen: ‘What are you going to do?’ Stab us up with your knitting needles.’
Female laughter, Katy thought of them as laughing canaries.
Hannah: ‘We live in a society where violence becomes obsolete unlike ancient history.’
Helen: ‘You two old hags know about that. both around during barbaric times.’
Susan: ‘Would you two like a history lesson on barbaric times.’
Katy: Yes, you two blonde airheads. We will give you a lesson on barbaric times.’
Katy faces Susan. ‘What does barbaric mean sis?’
Katy could even be amusing in any situation, but Susan told the younger sister that barbaric is violence.
Susan and Katy faced the twins. The blondes appeared to be cheerful as they giggled at the insults they made. The Stark sisters more hurt and less rage had made enemies.
Susan: ‘If you are trying to piss us off. We can do some real damage and give you a history lesson on violent times.’
 Helen: ‘You both be out of here by nightfall. He does not like you two. He wants young girls.’
Susan: ‘You may be young girls, but we are the women.’
Hannah: ‘Why don’t the two of you fuck off.’
Susan: ‘Funny you say that because David has already done that to me.’
Susan did not mind people knowing she refuses relationships being bi-sexual, still prefers not to kiss and tell.
Katy laughed and snorted. ‘I haven’t had the pleasure, how about you two airheads.’
Helen and Hannah were silent.
Susan: ‘David would rather fuck real women, not little girls Katy.’
Hannah: ‘Get fucked the two of you.’
Katy: ‘I’m still waiting for my turn.’
Susan laughed silently and Helen and Hannah walked out both reminding Katy and Susan to be gone before this evening.
4
Katy and Susan went around Melbourne on the hop on hop of bus and ate some exotic foods, though both sisters more comfortable with a McDonalds or Subway treat anytime. 
They went to the Eureka Skydeck building where the lookout offered spectacular views of Melbourne CBD and beyond from East, South, North and West; the weather helped provide spectacular photograph opportunities.
Susan kept her Melbourne Demons AFL gear on and got a few wolf whistles. The sisters handed over some money to homeless people on the streets, being discreet in a public place as possible. 
The Stark sisters had been to Melbourne, before and visited all the attractions, yet they did not mind doing some sport tours and visiting The Ned Kelly Gaol again. 
Katy liked to visit The Rod Laver Arena, she had played Tennis when she was a little girl and remembers winning a trophy. In her early teens she gave up tennis. Katy had been better at Sport then Susan who was average but always picked last on a team.
The Stark sisters liked some sport better than others, Cricket, least favourite, both enjoyed the big bash cricket and one day games, but not test cricket that can be slow. No matter how many times the sisters had been to Melbourne, there would always be something to do, even if they had done it before.
5
Katy and Susan took the elevator to their rooms, late afternoon, saw some other female guests wondering around, one even asked Susan to autograph her book Night Cult.
Katy went to her apartment as Susan wanted to see if David was back. Susan had no apartment of her own: she shared with David, the bedroom, shower, kitchen and even spa bath late evenings on the top of the building. It had been a great week, well few days anyway.
Susan remembered visiting Melbourne as a little child, she and Katy getting into trouble by the parents for running around inside the tram bumping into adults.
Susan went back to David’s apartment went in with the spare key and found David on the bed with a dagger through the heart. The blood on shirt dried, he is stiff, Susan wonders if he is seriously dead, with a small wound, but that is not meant to be. 
Susan, stunned and speechless, sheds light tears and looks around the room, at the window is Harold Nesbitt dressed in expensive blue suit does not break a sweat, Susan cannot say the same for herself.
Harold turns with traces of blood on his hands. He smirks at Susan, his favourite person, who wishes him dead. No one smirked the way Harold did: smirk is huge. Susan wondered if the guy really wanted to be punched in the mouth.
Susan agreed with Katy, that people who smirk are implying they want to be punched in the mouth.
‘Look at him Susan.’
Susan looks at the corpse on the bed, it is vanishing turning to dust making her think of Saul the Vampire. He has vanished into nothingness. No corpse, no clothing or DNA trace on the rumpled bed where a person has been erased out of existence like the witches that tried to drown her. The dagger remained on the bed, an old silver relic.
Susan went to pick up the dagger and pointed it at Harold walking over to the guy who liked to smirk. He is not afraid. The silver dagger is old, yet a great deal of money. Susan’s eyes no longer pour tears, but anyone can tell she had been crying. 
She had no emotional commitment to David, yet she still lost a great friend, she had known for a short period. Harold remained where he is as Susan stands before him with a dagger pointed at his neck, the tip of the blade almost close to poke flesh. Harold continues to smirk.
‘A person who smirks Harold Implies they want a punch in the mouth.’
‘Join me. We can rally forces: Ku-Klux-Klan. Terrorist organizations and leave no traces of our crimes. When people die; they go to a place somewhere better than their pathetic lifestyle.’
Susan agreed with that.
‘David responsible for the death of women: kiss them: they die from suffocation. I killed him, Susan. David took breath to gain youthful appearance. He appeared a regular looking man, but he is another demon with a mysterious past.’
Like the demons I met. Susan thought.
‘What did he do to you?’
Susan sat on the bed where this man had been. Harold paces. 
‘We both cast off charm, killer charm and we have killed. We were in cahoots, but I want the fame and glory Susan. David did me no harm, I just want people dead so I can hog the glory for myself.’
Harold says what he feels too much, Susan thought. She gives him some credit for speaking his mind, not afraid to use free speech.
‘Did you meet Saul or Ramses Harold?’
‘I did and knew Rhianna. Sascha and Gabrielle Susan.’
He sat on the bed next to her. Susan slid to the side, and he did not move close to her, just the smirk that implied bash me up.
Susan grips the dagger, no intention using it on Harold yet. She wanted him to speak. She is not going to mention Veronica, not wanting that lovely woman to be harmed.
‘You a killer killed a killer.’
‘Couldn’t say it better myself.’
‘How many of you are there. I have killed demons before. I would like it if you were dead.’
‘Not a polite thing to say.’
‘You should talk.’
Rudeness did not bother him, never had and probably never will.
Harold had killed this man who would probably have killed her.
‘Harold. Go fuck yourself shit face.’ 
Susan plunged the dagger into the neck of Harold. There is no struggle. Harold lets out a scream that sounds like teenage girl victimised in some low budget horror film. The weapon hits the neck. Harold is not here. He is gone, nothing remains.
Alone in the room, dagger in hand. Like demons in her past: he disappeared out of existence as though he had never been on planet earth before.
Two people dead and now disappeared, so much for autopsies and cleaning up. No blood. 
6
Harold had vanished as the tip of the blade started to pierce the neck flesh.
Susan snaps out of her stunned turmoil and washes her fingerprints of the dagger and tosses it in the trash-someone might discover and use it. Susan grabs her gear, takes the elevator down and visits Katy dancing to an old rock song on a music channel. Her dancing average but not worthy of talent competition. Susan herself is no dancer.
Katy stops what she is doing, turns down the volume seeing a stunned expression on Susan’s face. Susan sits down and explains. Katy can tell Susan is refusing to mock. The sisters sit on the sofa and Susan tells the truth. Katy believes though she cannot grasp it, yet knows Susan is not lying.
Susan and Katy packed their stuff; decided to find some other accommodation after events here. Did not want authorities questioning them.
The sisters would play dumb and cooperate at the same time, no enquiries were made during investigations of female victims and the disappearance of David Borden, that made Susan and even Katy wondered if he was a descendent of Lizzie Borden, an alleged killer from another century.
The sisters had their luggage aside in Katy’s apartment.
‘We can stay in Melbourne while longer katy.’ Susan said.
‘Cool.’
‘Not cool.’ The voice belonged to Hannah walking into the room with her sister Helen. Susan and Katy stood face to face a second time today with the blonde twins, making Susan think of showdown shootouts in western movies.
7
Hannah and Helen did not hear everything Susan said, turning up when Susan mentioned leaving.
Hannah: ’You two cretins still here? Your walking canes and wheelchairs in the shop being repaired?’
The blondes giggled. Helen noticed Katy moving, leaning sideways looking into Hannah’s ear.
Helen: ‘What the fuck are you looking into her ear for?’
Katy: ‘I wanted to see the other side of the room and I did.’
Susan chuckled lightly already over her ordeal.
Helen: ‘You two get the fuck out of here now.’
Susan and Katy smiled at each other.
Katy: We went passed a kindergarten today.’
Susan: ‘Yeah. Why weren’t the two of you there not learning anything?’
Helen: ‘Teasing us cause were blonde, are you?’
Katy: ‘Just wondering how your IQ rates to kindergarten children.’
Susan: ‘The kindergarten children are more advanced than you two.’
Hannah: ‘You two want to get it on? We will gladly fight you two grannies.’
Helen: ‘We will go easy on you, after all you are both so old.’
Katy: ‘You two airheads want to fight; we will show you two what us oldies can do.’
Susan: ‘Why Katy, didn’t we promise these airheads a history lesson.’
Katy: ‘I believe we did sis.’
Hannah and Helen told Susan and Katy to bring it on.
8
Susan tangled with Hannah. Susan punched Hannah in the stomach and kicked her ankle and punched her tit with a closed fist. Hannah lied on the floor gasping.
Katy slapped Helen in the face with the back of her hand then did it again. She even grabbed Helen’s nipple and gave a firm squeeze; she even poked the blonde girl in the eye with an index finger. Katy didn’t like touching the nipples of the girl, so she did it quick
Helen screamed and Katy tripped the girl with her ankle knocking Helen to the floor. Susan grabbed Hannah by her hair, the blonde stood, Susan let the hair go. Hannah fell to the ground leaning on a sofa.
The Stark sisters grabbed their gear; stood facing an exhausted Helen and Hannah, gasping for breath. Helen managed to speak first.
‘You can’t leave us like this?’
Susan: ‘You’ll both live. Tell your friends you were beaten up by two grannies. Wish we could stay but were late for bingo and lawn bowls.’
‘You just going to walk-away?’ Hannah managed to say.
Katy: Yes. No need to get up. We must do this again sometime, if any of you two airheads need a lesson in violence from two old grannies.’
9
What a day, Susan woke up beside a handsome man who later is murdered by an enemy, she manages to eliminate for now, and on top of that the two blonde girls, needing a lesson in manners. Hannah and Helen had asked for their beating by Susan and Katy, who feel proud and hopefully they taught those two bimbos a lesson in manners.
Susan and Katy left. Throughout the week Susan wondered about her encounter with Harold. One night while she slept Veronica spoke in her head. David killed three women by stealing their breath to retain youth.
David lied about meeting and errands, he was off on a killing spree, Susan figured out. She wondered if Hannah or Helen knew anything about David or even Harold. 
‘If I go to the funny farm sis, you can join me by telling authorities about past encounters.’
Susan agreed. She and Katy wanted to meet this Veronica. Katy still wondered about Susan and her supernatural tales, she did not believe them and if the situation was the other way around Susan would not believe Katy.
Susan never had David Borden figured for a killer working with Harold Sterling. David not only a handsome millionaire. A liar: no conferences, who knows what he got up to. Susan did not hate him, but maybe she would have had to do battle with the man. No need to worry about that now: Harold Sterling took care of David. 
David might have suckered women. Harold suckered David. Susan sensed evil in Harold, not David.
Susan somehow believed Katy’s turn to face the supernatural would come and she would meet Harold Nesbitt again when she returned home.
CHAPTER FIVE
VETERAN AND PAWN
1
The old timer had to stop and lean on a railing: memories of Iraq come burn images in his head. Gerald Brady early seventies had been a medic in Iraq with other Australian allies. The image of his murdered brother that had happened decades ago felt like yesterday.
‘Hey you, ok?’
A female voice. He turned to face a woman in a tropical dress late thirties, but she is older.
‘Yes. Thanks love.’
Susan Stark had met Gerald before, they lived in the same street and said hello in passing. He once saw Susan wearing a bikini while mowing the lawn, he did not lust or care. He knows she means well. Susan spoke to the guy as they walked down the street. He invited her in, she is impressed by his fast recovery. 
Susan thought he might get grumpy checking on him; Gerald is the opposite. She noticed the man getting off the train; he looked fine, then he stopped moving, Susan hesitated, believed someone would attend him, she happened to be closer. 
Gerald invited Susan in for iced tea and a game of chess, that Susan played and lost on her computer. It felt good to be playing up against a fellow human instead of a machine.
Gerald told Susan he had a brother in the military, murdered, not in combat. This happened in a bunker, several suspects all cleared but Gerald remembered some young guy in his twenties and boasted a mean smirk. Susan thought of Harold Nesbitt, she stabbed two weeks ago.
Gerald relaxed when telling these stories. He changes the subject, into puzzles and speaks about chess. Susan impressed: books all filled out, involving regular crosswords, the sudoku and cryptic puzzles, Susan could not do any of those except the occasional crossword.
2
They relax on his terrace with iced tea and a chess board in front of them.
‘I like to exercise the brain.’ Gerald said. ‘I am no scientist but puzzles easy and especially hard boost the brain with great knowledge. Subjects can go in one ear and not come out the other. A few anyway I forget. Puzzles are like fish Susan: brain food.’
‘I should tell my sister that.’
‘Was that the one I saw last Halloween wearing a purple dinosaur suit trick or treating with children?’
‘Yes. That was Katy last Halloween.’
Susan made a move and he uttered checkmate.
‘Well done.’ Susan said. You are terrific at this. You stopped one of my Pawns getting to the end of the board and captured my Queen and Rooks. You even have six pawns left; I have one.’
‘It’s in the brain love. I am always looking for ways to feed my brain. I only went to grade ten in high school.’
‘Me too, though my sister graduated high school, god knows how.’
He chuckled and they played another game of chess. Susan did better but lost. She kept her Queen on the board and managed to capture Gerald’s Queen, but he got it back later when one of his pawns made it to the end of the board.
‘The pawn Susan is not really that different from the others including the queen and king. It is the sacrificial lamb; yet it rises above the task and overcomes the greatest of threats.’
Susan looked at his movie collection of DVD War films old and recent. Gerald mentioned to Susan not many are accurate to real life but fascinating, nevertheless. Susan had seen all these films, though she preferred horror and thrillers. 
She could not get over the puzzle books filled out and no mistakes had been erased and filled in again. He had even done cryptic crosswords, Susan could never figure those out, hell she had never even completed a whole crossword puzzle.
‘You have a fantastic general knowledge.’ Susan said.
‘Your more than just a pretty face Susan. I cannot believe you are over fifty. You have proved fifty is the new thirty.’
Gerald had not read Susan’s books; he was into war and some of the war books both fiction and non-fiction books he had, Susan had read some of them before and enjoyed several of them. He had some of the classics including Red Badge of Courage. He had books by Tom Clancy, Jack Higgins, Alistair Maclean and even Ernest Hemingway.
‘People exercise their bodies Susan, but the brain is the master and needs as much exercise as the heart or any part of the body. There is a lot of brain food up at the newsagents Susan.’
‘I must tell my sister this.’
3
Susan got home it is mid-afternoon, wondering if Gerald wanted her to run an errand, she would if she had too. Katy had been picking up beer cans off the floor, some had spilled on the carpet and red rug in the lounge room. Potato chips had been scattered everywhere. Susan gave Katy an ire look.
‘Hey sis.’ Katy smiled. She had been drinking. She staggered not drunk. Susan looked pissed at Katy who grinned.
Susan walked toward Katy who walked backwards away from Susan smiling knowing her older sister mad but not a threat-hopefully.
‘What have you done to my lounge room?’
Katy laughed, snorted as she kept backing away from Susan. ‘It’s really hilarious sis. One guy burped and beer flew out of his mouth at the same time.’
Susan looking pissed walked towards Katy who kept retreating smiling at Susan.
‘Don’t be mad sis. I have had people over before. These ones were different. One of them was a fan of yours and wanted to see your bedroom.’
A greater look of anger hit Susan, Katy saw and told her to relax. ‘No one went up sis, but one guy took a whizz on the bottom step.’
Susan stopped moving and looked at the step where the guy had taken a whizz like Katy said. Susan kept walking towards Katy who kept walking backwards managing to watch where she is going.
‘You have a good day sis? How is Melanie and Ian.’
‘You will fix this.’ Susan ordered. ‘Don’t care how, just do it.’
‘Of course, sis. I was going to do that now.’
4
Katy is good to her word: next day pays a cleaner to fix up Susan’s lounge, she vacuumed up the broken chips and removed beer cans. Susan has stopped working on her manuscript and is impressed.
Katy stands in the lounge room. ‘Ta Da!’
‘Damn it, Katy. I was getting ready to kill you and you do the right thing.
Katy sits down to read a Garfield the Cat book, both sister’s fans, mainly Katy who is told that someone is coming over today.
‘He’s name is Clive, and the guy has information for me. He got my address from Gerald Brady down the road. Clive is Gerald’s neighbour. Gerald stopped by, he could not stay long, he had plans elsewhere. He told me Clive wanted to speak to me about a matter and though I had plans with Ian and Melanie, I rescheduled.’
‘Must be important cause you love Ian and Melanie.’
‘There will be other days.’
‘Ian is handsome sis. I don’t blame you for having a crush on him.’
Katy finds Ian good looking but no sexual desire for the guy like Susan.
Katy had met Gerald and got along great, though he reminded Katy of some old guys that used to smack her on the butt when she had been a waitress at a pub. Katy did not mention that.
5
Clive Verhoeven; arrived after lunch, Katy at home admires Clive’s physique, she wonders if he will give her a one-night stand. Susan told Katy she better not interrupt, Clive. Katy made no promise.
Susan had been organising the house while Katy sat in the backyard reading the latest news in some entertainment magazine. Katy a constant film buff and reader like Susan, but she only read books with pictures except the Sue Grafton Kinsey Millhone mysteries.
Clive is late twenties, tall and good looking, black Jamaican; huge muscles with six pack of abs, he wore trousers and tank top, looked like a masculine comic book superhero for Susan, who is attracted to him will not hit onto the guy: Clive is married, just recently.
Gerald had informed Susan yesterday: Susan and Gerald had said hello to Clive and his wife. He also had dreadlocks like the wife and excellent teeth with a big smile. Lucky wife Susan thought. He is handsome as Ian Williams.
Susan and Clive sat on the sofa. They had an unknown friend in common they had not met: Veronica Vikers.
‘I thought I was having a nightmare then I realized I was awake when the female voice spoke to me. The wife is asleep, only I hear it. I don’t want to trouble her…’
‘Hey sis. What’s…’ Katy interrupted, then her roving eyes were on Clive. She placed herself on the couch beside Clive.
‘This Clive is my real-life nightmare: Katy Stark.’
Clive smiled. He had not met her before.
‘You are a big boy.’ Katy said. ‘You play basketball or football?’
‘Basketball. I plan to coach near future.’
‘I have a basketball court in my bedroom. Want to shoot for my hoop?’
Clive laughed; Susan gives Katy a mad look.
‘Katy. Clive and I have business to discuss. Don’t butt in!’
‘I’ll stay here with you and Clive sis. I will make sure no one bothers you.’
Clive smiled amused at Katy, then back to Susan.
‘I have to admit Susan. The voice did not startle me much. It sounded sweet and told me she knew you.’
‘My bedroom is upstairs.’ Katy interrupted. ‘Not upstairs but downstairs. We can go down on each other. Want to slam dunk me, see if you can shoot it into the basket?’
Katy laughed and snorted at her basketball humour.
Clive is not bothered by Susan’s pestering sister. Susan stands up and grabs Katy by the ear.
‘Back soon Clive. I have a pest control problem, name of Katy.’
Katy followed Susan as she is dragged by the ear; escorted out of the lounge room.
‘Bye, Clive.’ She spoke.
Susan and Clive alone, he tells her that outside forces have stopped Veronica communicating with Susan and she contacts him. Clive was told that Susan’s cousin and his neighbour are in danger unless she visits the house of Harold Nesbitt. 
Gerald has no idea what is going on, neither does Susan’s cousin Nicole the same age as Katy, little younger than Susan. The sisters never got along with Nicole Stark now Nicole Bowen, mother of two, could be in danger.
6
Susan and Katy met their cousin Nicole Bowen, no one happy to see each other. When they were children the sisters and Nicole would fight as children do, but it happened all the time. The families got along; the girls hated one another. As they got older, they matured slowly, but never socialized, just the common hello.
Sometimes everyone got along; most of the time Nicole saw Susan and Katy as interfering sluts. The Stark sisters saw Nicole as a snobbish bitch, knew little about suffering cause her family was better than everyone else cause they had more money.
Last time Katy and Susan saw Nicole was at their father’s funeral, and even then, they snubbed each other. Susan and Katy’s dysfunctional relationship with Nicole is another story for some other time, well maybe, according to Susan.
Susan wondered if Nicole would be rude or has, she matured instead of being a stuck-up twat which was what Katy called Nicole when they were all teenagers. Susan tracked Nicole down and asked for a meeting. 
Nicole chose the time and place at an expensive Brisbane city restaurant. Sisters and cousin had not seen each other in years, yet it felt only like yesterday.
The restaurant is busy due to lunch, Nicole is in Real Estate, now sits opposite her two old enemies.
‘First I am not shouting you two.’ Nicole said.
‘Fine with us.’ Susan said.
‘I agree to meet you Susan, you said it’s something to do with a matter of life and death. A woman with a nice voice spoke inside my head as I slept last night, I thought it would be a nightmare, but it spoke to me this morning after I woke.’
Susan and Nicole rarely agreed, this is one of those times they do.
‘Hope it didn’t catch you or your partner having a morning root.’ Katy said. Laughed and snorted, some diners looked then turned away.
Susan covered her mouth, so she could not laugh.
Nicole is not amused by Katy.
‘How she graduated high school Susan, needs to be investigated.’
‘I agree, but she has had her shots.’
‘Not with a gun unfortunately.’
‘I wouldn’t do that Nicole.’
‘Good on you sis.’
‘Getting a gun licence is too much of a burden.’
‘You two finished.’ Katy spoke.
‘The three of us have not been the best of friends.’ Nicole said. ‘However, we are adults, well I am.’
Katy continues to read the menu and interrupt the other two.
‘There is nothing under five dollars here. What the fuck are these long words?’
‘The name of the meals. Will you shut up Katy?’ Nicole said.
‘Sis, can she talk to me like that.’
‘Shut up Katy.’ Susan agreed. ‘I will sum this up. Veronica Vikers has spoken to me by some telepathy.’
‘She said I need to speak to you and others who are in danger.’
‘I had a weird telepathic experience, but I can let go.’
‘I think we need to unite Nicole. Veronica is under threat, and we are pawns, well I am, like the game of chess, I must use my brain and defeat an enemy. You can stay at our house, and we use our brains together.’
‘Better be your brain and not Katy’s.’
Katy flipped Nicole off.
Meals came to their table, a light lunch, that was pleasant, and the wine.
Each paid their own.
‘Thanks for lunch Nicole, even though you didn’t shout.’ Susan said.
‘I seek no protection, Susan.’ Nicole said. ‘I thank you. I am going to forget this Veronica. We are all sceptics and atheists, there is a logical explanation. We hear voices in our heads, because we either watch to many films or we are stressed about something. 
‘There is no telepathy or Veronica Susan. If we believe there is, we are mentally challenged. I advise you two to do the same thing.’
Nicole left before Susan and Katy without a goodbye.
‘That was a complete waste.’ Katy said.
‘I offered her help. I do not blame Nicole for not believing us, I would not. She has always been stubborn. Well Katy, tomorrow I will call on our enemy.’
7
Susan wanted to warn potential victims. The next day she went to Harold Nesbitt’s house. He had contacted her by email, though God only knows how he got Susan’s email details, not to mention the horrid things he said like support terrorism and murder: how does he get away with it?
Harold’s house is on a hill. A big house well maintained and furnished, looking down on the city of Brisbane. To be let in, she must speak into an intercom, not today, before Susan is about to buzz Harold opens the door and invites Susan in. Harold escorts her around, Susan is impressed.
‘I don’t want to be here.’ Susan said. ‘Let us get it over with.
‘Practical. I respect that.’
Susan looked at the expensive high house. The outside it looked like a haunted house from a horror film, on the inside the house looked like a millionaire’s mansion, no furniture under a thousand dollars, Susan could tell. Harold even had a massive giant screen TV with expensive set up. The house is well looked after. 
Susan walks beside Harold admiring his yuppie home, very well maintained.
‘Your servants do great work.’ Susan said.
‘For free. Instead of paying them, I murder them and have their bodies burned in the secret room you will be visiting. There you will face your test. If you win, everybody lives, you fail, they die.’
‘Fucking killer Harold. You have no emotion.’
‘Guilty as charged.’
‘Guilty of killing.’
He smirked. Anyone saw that smirk; most people would aim to punch him in the face. Past bedrooms and kitchen and dining room into a room painted red, that Susan admitted is cool, red is her favourite colour.
Harold reaches into his jacket pocket and produces a switchblade knife like the one Katy’s ex-husband used on her some months back.
‘Remove your clothes. That never takes you long.’
Susan obliged and shielded her breasts and vagina. He smirked without erection. She did not mind him taking a shot at her: Susan agreed it never took her long to remove clothes. Susan is happy to take her clothes off except in front of this idiot with no shame.
‘I hope we don’t have to fuck Harold.’
‘Not today. Walk in, there is a costume for you inside.’
Susan, naked entered the empty red room, that made her think of the room in The Amityville Horror original film. Walls and ceiling all painted red, except the floor is black and white squares like a chessboard.
Susan is alone, she tries the door; locked. She hears Harold pacing on the other side. Susan picked up the clothing: a red one-piece thong bikini. Susan put it on. There is no peephole on the door. The room is lit up by red glowing. Red is a cheerful colour; Susan did not feel cheered up.
A tall woman emerged; had come up through the floor without a sound. Susan leans back against the door watching the woman in the middle of the board move to the other side of the room. 
Susan stared at the being in a green body suit, tattoo of a skull on her neck, she had brown beady eyes that made her look frightening along with the neck tattoo. 
She had a prickle cut blonde hair style, her body masculine, Susan believed this woman had more muscles than Arnold Schwarzenegger.
‘Susan.’ She said, her voice scary and loud. She walked toward Susan who felt like a pipsqueak compared to this woman. ‘Make it to the other side. I will leave and no one dies. You are the pawn, and I will stop you reaching the other side. I am Behemoth.’
Susan found that funny but remained hushed. ‘Is that a nickname?’
‘Yes. You do not need to learn my full identity. Make it across the room. That is your task, Susan.’
Sounded simple. Susan wanted to bolt but had to do this. In a thong bikini. She loved having no clothes on; but wished she did not feel vulnerable now. She remembered Gerald telling her the pawn is important much like the king and queen.
Susan moved to the left then the right only to have Behemoth blocking her path making the same moves as Susan. Susan moved forward less than a foot stepped to the left then yanked by Behemoth’s powerful hand that grabs her hair lifts Susan off her feet an inch above ground and throws her towards the door. 
Susan, fortunate did not lose any hair. Her back hit the wall. Susan stood battered and faced the woman again. She staggers with a sore body.
Susan punched Behemoth in the stomach then the neck, her fist going into the air just able to reach the neck. The woman stood there. Susan is punched in the stomach falls backwards onto the black and white chess floor. She knows brains are required here, thinking back to Gerald, as she gasps for breath. 
Susan stands sore. She clears her head as Behemoth walks toward her. Susan makes a run to the right. Behemoth moves the same direction. A woman of height and muscle loses to Susan summoning up speed while sore at the same time.
Susan jumps into the middle of the room, then does another jump halfway across the board to her left both feet leaving the ground. Susan lands and runs to the end. The pawn that is her has made it to the end of the board.
Susan stands against a wall and faces Behemoth.
Screams from Behemoth, not normal woman screams, this one sounded like a screaming wounded animal, eaten by a crocodile, from one of those terrible tragic documentaries; that is how it sounded to Susan. 
The tall woman lifted her arms upwards. Behemoth exploded into green atoms and is gone, just like many past demons Susan had encountered in under a year.
Jesus Christ, more exploding atoms, Susan thought.
The door ahead opened. Susan left the room. She saw her clothes left where she dropped them. Susan got dressed, decided to keep the thong. She looked for Harold. She even calls him; he is nowhere to be found. How does he hide? Bloody good at avoiding trouble.
Susan leaves the house, gets home with no dramas. No one has been killed cause Susan managed to pass some weird test. That was the weirdest encounter ever, even more weird than a red demon flying an aeroplane. 
Susan feels like she has been in battles over the course of her many encounters while at the same time, her battles with demons feel like she is fucking around with demons.
She hoped Clive, Gerald and the ungrateful Nicole were safe.
8
Susan and Katy sit out on the back porch where it is cool and play chess. Katy had not played this since she was a girl and never understood it. After Susan told her about the pieces, Katy did remember the different directions each piece took. They had each made five moves, it is Susan’s turn. They had played chess when children on rainy days among other games.
Susan told Katy about the big woman: Behemoth.
‘I was a pawn, she was another peace, so to speak. Whatever peace she was, even a pawn, the woman is a threat. I made it to the end of the board as a pawn. When the pawn gets all the way to the end, it is taken out of the game and replaced by another peace. I became something better, and Behemoth went down.’
‘Jumping Jesus sis. Sounds made up but your tone of voice tells me you are not lying.’
‘Have to see it to believe it Katy.’
Susan made a move.
‘Well sis. I think I might be able to move in and trap your king with my rook. Brain power in work sis.’
Katy used the Rook to trap the King. Susan grinned at Katy. She captured the Rook with a Queen.
‘Checkmate.’ Susan said.
‘Oh, Poof and Double Poof. Reminds me sis, I have a date with two poofters who are also bi-sexual. See you sis.’
CHAPTER SIX
SUSAN AND SUSANNA
1
Even in the tropics a demon would follow Susan Stark.
2
Susan met Bertha Baker at a book signing in Townsville, North Queensland.  Bertha a polite and rough policewoman, tall and masculine, no one would challenge this woman unless they had a death wish. 
This woman could wrestle a grizzly bear and win, Katy thought. Susan believed that. This woman is huge. The Stark sisters felt like pipsqueaks besides, Bertha. Susan with Katy ate a late lunch with Bertha at a restaurant, a suburb: Bertha lived with her long-time husband and two sons.
Bertha offered Susan lunch at the signing showing identification. Her real name is Phillipa Jones dubbed the nickname that popped into his head-like a story idea for Susan- Bertha by her husband cause people on the police force had joked and called her big Bertha, so the name Bertha happily stuck with Phillipa.
Bertha picked the Stark’s from their hotel on the Strand with still saltwater, small beaches, view of the Port of Townsville and Magnetic Island, from mainland. Recreational parks, cafes and pools; a long enjoyable stretch of Townsville’s beauty. Susan enjoyed it here, so did Katy, not much as Susan. 
Last time the sisters were here was years ago where they watched the North Queensland Cowboys and met Johnathon Thurston, football great. The sisters often came here, even with family before Susan made the big time.
The restaurant is back from the beach, close by to the CBD area where lots of places are still up for lease and had been for years. 
Katy made Bertha laugh and it is a loud laugh for the big black woman that can be heard; no one would criticise, people had wronged Bertha and not made the mistake again. Bertha is courteous; do not cross wrong paths.
Susan met Bertha outside her Hotel on The Strand, plenty of places to dine here, but Bertha is a fan of the restaurant close to where she lives. Katy appeared and met Bertha then looked across the street and wolf whistled masculine young man with no shirts on.
‘That is the thorn in my side Bertha.’ Susan said.
‘I know you love me sis. She does Bertha.’
‘You might arrest me for killing Katy sometime Bertha.’
Bertha drove the sisters to her suburb five minutes inland went to the restaurant and Bertha’s treat. She wanted to speak to Susan.
Bertha a big, tall woman is more comfortable in a bigger car, like a four-wheel drive. Susan sat up front while Katy in the back looked out the back window, barely able to see the water as Bertha drove them into the suburbs where they had a view of Castle Hill, an attraction with walking paths and lookout. 
The sisters had walked Castle Hill once when they were children, Katy whined, and Susan did to their parent’s disappointment, the second time during work holidays before Susan’s first book was published.
Katy embarrassed Susan who thought Bertha might debate misbehaviour, instead Bertha laughs, in silence with a tear in her eye. Susan slightly grins.
Susan not nervous with Bertha. The woman a fan of Susan had a supernatural run in before.
Bertha volunteered to buy lunch. Susan and Katy said yes, did not want Bertha to pay, but the big woman insisted. The restaurant is only five minutes even less from where Bertha lives.
The women are served by an Indian waiter Katy finds good looking and says so.
‘Waiters get younger and cuter sis. You can heat, me up until I’m well-done honey.’
The young man looked nervous and went speechless, so Susan spoke and made orders. After he left Susan kicked Katy on the shins under the table.
‘What are you kicking me for?’
‘If you get us into any trouble, I will throttle you.’
‘Relax sis. Bertha here will protect us.’
‘True then Bertha will arrest me for killing you.’
Another waiter served them, not attractive to Katy as the last one.
‘Where did the other guy go?’ Katy asked.
‘You probably scared him.’ Susan said.
‘I probably made him horny sis. He probably had to go and pull himself.’
Susan kicked Katy’s shin again grateful she talked soft while speaking naughty. Bertha kept her laugh tone down.
‘I think I have a bruise on my leg sis.’
‘Behave yourself or I will make it bigger.’
Susan hoped Katy would not make trouble for Bertha, kind enough to invite both sisters to lunch and shout. Bertha has a good sense of humour.
Bertha told her story. 
‘I spoke to a woman by telepathy after an assignment. Name Veronica Vikers. I was having lunch at a park; my children were with me playing on swings. Work finished. I kept cool and listened to the voice. She said one day you might be assisting Susan Stark against an evil foe named Harold. 
‘Susan will tell you more and that is it. I managed to stay focused; but the voice haunted me as sweet as it sounded.’
Susan told Bertha about her past encounters, not fully specific.
‘Wish I could tell you more baby girl but that’s all I have.’ 
‘Well.’ Katy said. ‘It is a pleasure to meet you Bertha.’
‘Same here.’ Susan said. ‘One day and moment at a time.’
Bertha often called people names like baby girl or doll, or hon. Susan got called baby girl a few times and Katy doll.
3
Susan and Katy dropped off back to the Hotel and would meet Bertha again before going home. Susan had her own room and Katy is on another floor. Susan enjoyed Townsville a lot, it is late summer; rain comes and goes but this place is always glorious for Susan. 
Katy enjoyed Townsville, not much as Susan. She thought the Strand area with beaches and playgrounds and dining areas magnificent, but the CBD of Townsville needed to grow, get all these for lease signs out of shops and get jobs up and running.
4
Susan is woken up that evening by a female voice not sweet as Veronica’s. If Harold Nesbit could not have Susan Stark, then he would have Susannah Stark. She entered Susan’s life one evening with great offers.
Susan had been woken up by voices in her head, not Veronica’s sweet-talking voice, but a demanding voice, that woke Susan up just after one am.
Susan sat up in bed, her naked body under the sheets as she stared at her visitor. She almost screamed but held back. The woman looked like her, in a black dress and long brunette hair. Susan knows she is awake.
The woman stands at the foot of the bed, arms stretched out. The Susan look alike appears mean looking speaks friendly. The presence of a doppelganger did not surprise Susan after all the demons she had met this year.
‘Come Susan. Take my hand.’
Susan felt she had to oblige, her instinct telling her this is a priority. She stepped out of bed put on a nightgown and walked over to the woman taking the offered hand.
‘Susan Stark I am Susannah Stark. You killed three female friends of mine. Three witches.’
‘They were trying to drown me.’
Susan is not scared, she is anxious.
The bedroom and the Hotel are gone; they are in a bedroom. The house her publisher and husband own, Ian and Melanie Williams. They are involved in sexual activity and Susan Stark herself lies naked on the bed next to Melanie. He fucks his wife, next is Susan. She looks down at herself then to Susannah both still holding hands.
‘I can give them both to you Susan.’
‘What’s the catch?’
‘Rule by the side of Harold Nesbitt as his queen. You defeated Behemoth, with your mind outsmarting her. She lives. No longer queen. I offer you riches Susan. You will never have to write another book.’
‘I enjoy writing books.’
‘You can enjoy pleasures on other worlds. In exchange you have to love Harold Nesbitt.’
The bedroom disappears. Susan and Susannah appear on a cliff looking out to the tropical seaside resort, magnificent brick high colonial houses. Susan knows she has stumbled into another dimension. The second in less than a year after that ordeal flight with the red being.
‘It is all magical Susan. No drought, sickness or incurable illnesses. No aging.’
‘I am not here Susannah.’
‘I know your feelings, Susan. No one from earth or any outside world will enter. I can make you a queen. I am demon shapeshifter, not the devil, but anyone’s doppelganger I chose to be.’
‘You are not the queen here?’
‘I am empress of other worlds Susan. I have communication with Harold Nesbitt who is not human.’
‘I already know that.’ Susan scoffed.
‘Harold has love for you Susan; with you as his queen, you are the commander of worlds. You have been touched, so has your sister. You look young and have remarkable strength. You remember your birthdate, Susan.’
She did: sixth hour of the sixth day of the sixth month like the kid in The Omen, a horror movie she and Katy enjoyed. Katy also was born on the sixth day of the sixth hour of the sixth month.
 Both sisters had been the butt of jokes involving birth dates, people wondering if they had demonic powers. Susan had some witty comebacks; Katy had way more.
‘Your sister.’ Susannah continued. ‘Can join, I haven’t brought you here to kill you, Susan. I am making offers you must consider abandon the outside world. Throw away emotion like Harold Nesbitt.’
Susan is one of these people who gets emotional and believes emotion affects judgement, but she refused to be uncaring like Harold Nesbitt.
‘Is Harold here.’
‘No. Think Susan. Goodnight.’
5
Susan woke up next morning, she had her nightgown on, remembering the visit from her off world doppelganger. 
Susan stayed close to the Hotel that humid day. Sunbathed and read. Her sister Katy went out with some guy. 
  When Katy arrived back, she went to check on her older sister. Her door ajar and she walks in. Susan Stark is making out with Harold Nesbitt in her Hotel room on the small terrace of the early evening.
Katy went to talk about her time with a guy whose name she had now forgotten about what a good day she had and what they did, except private details, not all the time she did that. The door to Susan’s room left open.
Katy knocked and entered without word and there she was with Harold Nesbitt. The two are making out. It is Susan. Katy knows, appeared to have a different dress on then this morning. 
Katy did not care about clothes; wants to know what her sister is doing making out with a man who loves terrorism.
They both look at Katy. Harold’s smirk and Susan, who smiled showing teeth, Susan is not a big smiler, but she is now.
‘Susan what the fuck are you doing with this bozo?’
‘I am not Susan. I am Susannah.’
It is Susan’s voice.
‘Yeah right. I am not Katy I am the queen of England. What the fuck is going on here?’
What the fuck is a common question for Susan since the vampire Saul.
Before Susannah can answer Susan Stark, who has come from the beach changed now into shorts and a tank top pushing against her breast’s stares at her two uninvited guests. Susan closed the door behind her wondering because it is open, then figures it out: people in her room. Susannah and Harold step inside facing.
Susan and Katy. Susan is not surprised, but Katy looks lost. Susan and Katy stand next to each other in the big room, though four people in here can become cramped. Susannah stands as a smirking Harold watches these three attractive women get acquainted.
‘I came by to see the two of you.’ Susannah said.
Harold turned the air conditioning on as Katy and Susan stood facing Susannah who looks Susan up and down. Susan is doing the same thing to Susannah, that she met last evening.
‘A look alike of me Katy. Susannah Stark my doppelganger. I had a hunch you would show again but not with fuckhead Harold Nesbitt.’
Katy would normally laugh at that; but her mind is in confusion.
Susan planned to tell both too leave, then Veronica crossed her mind. An object appeared in Susan’s hand: an amulet amber pendant a small red circle. Susan held it in front of Susannah. It glowed reddish light. Susannah and Harold shielded their faces. Susannah screams, 
Harold loses the smirk. They disappear. Susan holds the amulet still in front of her and puts it away. That was fast.
Susan had forgotten Susannah next day and like Katy she went out and got laid too: another feel fuck and forget with a man, like in the past. She only thought of Susannah when she got back to the hotel. Demonic beings appear and leave, story of Susan’s life. Katy now believed.
‘My encounters with the supernatural feel like they end on a whimper instead of a bang in a short climax.’ Susan said.
Katy sits down speechless on the bed. Susan relaxed checks for her enemies who came and vanished in short time to her shock, sits next to Katy and tells the younger sister she met Susannah last night.
Katy stunned. Did anyone see Harold and Susannah enter?
Katy keeps her wits intact as she comes to grips with what happened.
‘I wouldn’t take her offer sis unless I knew the whole deal.’
‘Agreed. You saw the supernatural. I don’t think we will tell friends or family.’
Susan informed Katy that Susannah Stark did not exist, this was some demon that is called a shape changer and take any form it wanted too.
‘Wise idea not to share our supernatural sightings with anyone sis.’
Katy agreed with Susan: one encounter at a time. Katy found herself believing. 
Susan had met a vampire. Three witches and all the others over the past year.
‘Whatever is in store for us Katy. We will face it when the time comes.’
‘What about this Veronica?’
‘I am hoping she and I can meet up soon.’
‘Well sis. A doppelganger of you. I thought there were two of you. I wonder if there are two of me?’
‘God; I hope not Katy.’ Susan joked.
Katy threw a cushion at Susan who threw it back.
6
Two days later Bertha’s son has a birthday party. Susan and Katy invited sit watching all the children in the jumping castle in the backyard. No child close heard them talk. Bertha’s husband occupied with other parents of the children.
‘Two of you hey baby girl.’ Bertha said.’
‘I wonder if there are two of me?’ Katy said.
‘That would be a laugh Katy doll. Double the fun.’
Today their last visit with Bertha, who had business matters like her husband, both in police work, occupied for the next whole we with Bertha’s mother.
Katy wondered if Bertha’s mum is bigger than her daughter. A giant family the Stark sisters would agree on later when alone.
‘You won’t forget us will you Bertha?’ Katy said.
‘I won’t, especially you Katy doll.
Lots of children ran to the grown-ups asked Katy to join them on the jumping castle, she did and is bombarded with children jumping over her.
‘Help sis I’m being attacked.
‘I know.’ Susan called back.
CHAPTER SEVEN 
THE IRON SERPENTS
1
On a flight to Sydney, an encounter in Melbourne and now the demons have followed Susan Stark up into the tropics.
2
Susan Stark found the lost girl along The Strand sitting on a seat in Townsville up in North Queensland on this heatwave of a day.
Susan thought the girl might be waiting for parents. As she continued to walk home decided to back track: no one is coming for her, she looks scared. Susan remembered Gerald Swift a chess and puzzle genius, now it looks like she is going to make another friend here. If the child’s guardians turn up, Susan would be glad.
Susan sat next to the child who stared afraid at this woman.
‘Hello. Are you lost?’
The girl looking at Susan just shook her head. People walked by or rode on pushbikes. Susan looked around: someone might be looking for the child. No one notices.
‘You tell me where your mother is?’
The girl trembled and managed to speak. ‘I’m scared.’
 ‘Why?’
‘Daddy. He hit mummy.’
The girl started to cry. Susan placed her arm round the child who did not back away.
‘Where do you live?’
The girl grabbed a notebook from her dress pocket and handed it to Susan. The child had a small backpack like Susan who opened the notebook and found addresses. The child lived up here. Her house happens to be about a five to ten-minute walk. Susan knew Townsville well enough to figure it out.
‘I think maybe Cindy we should go to the police station.’
‘No.’
‘Why? I believe they can help you better then I can.’
Susan looked around, no one noticed the child. Someone would have come along if Susan had not, but she landed the child like she landed Gerald Swift had been pleasant. This meeting with the child might lead to another supernatural encounter. 
The demons follow me. Susan thought. Even up north. Maybe Susannah Stark will pay a visit.
Susan had decided to chill, her tanning darker including her butt, her see through dress showed the bikini, not that Susan cared, she had even got laid once today. The sisters decided to spend time in Townsville. Susan came for a book signing last week, the sisters decided to stay longer.
3
Susan felt like a mother with Cindy though she is not parental material. She admitted Katy would be a better mum than me who is not parental material either.
Susan took Cindy back to her hotel, her room on the same floor above Katy not far down. Both rooms with bathrooms kitchens and lounge area that led to the balcony. It had only been three nights back Susan and Katy, had a run in with Harold Nesbitt and Susannah Stark. 
Susan entered with the child; had decided to grab dinner almost nightfall. Katy Stark entered Susan’s accommodation place without knocking.
‘I just got back too sis. I was on another floor fucking this guy’s brains out.’
Katy paused when she saw the child sitting on the couch beside Susan.
‘What the fu…hey?’
‘Katy!’ Susan snapped.
‘Hey. I did not know you were bringing children. What next? Start a collection?’
‘She is lost. I will explain but first I have to make a phone call.’
Susan still had Cindy’s address book. Katy attended to the shy child moving about Susan’s accommodation grabbing stuff from the small kitchen with the child following. Susan spoke on the phone for five minutes then went back to the lounge after hanging up, she heard the child laughing hysterically sitting on a sofa. 
Katy had a saucepan on her head banging it with a soup spoon. The saucepan went down over her eyes. Katy also stands on one foot. 
Susan is amused but takes the saucepan and spoon. Katy still stands on one foot then lowers it grinning at Susan. Cindy feels better. Katy can cheer up frightened children better than she can.
‘Show you something else funny Cindy.’ Susan said. Susan gave Katy a light hit to her head with the soup spoon.
‘Ouch. Not funny sis.’
‘You won’t get brain damage Katy.’
They sit at a table with fish and chips and coke. The soft drink makes Katy do long burps for Cindy’s amusement.
‘I found a child for you to play with Cindy: Katy.’
‘Good one sis. Who was on the phone?’
‘Her mother.’ Susan said. ‘We will take you home after dinner Cindy.’
4
Susan and Katy walked to Cindy’s house and dropped her off at her mothers. The father is not home yet, but Cindy appears to be over her father hitting her mother. The mother is grateful. Cindy gives Susan and even Katy a hug. 
On the ten-minute walk back to their expensive hotel, Susan briefed Katy.
Susan and Katy later in the evening sit on the terrace with a nice sea breeze blowing. Susan told Katy about meeting Cindy; after the short walk dropping the child off to her parents.
‘The poor thing was traumatised sis and ran away just to cool off, then you found her.’
‘The father wasn’t there. Her mother appeared relaxed. When she told me, her father hit her mother, must have been today. When I spoke to her on the phone, she told said her husband was at a pub with drinking buddies. He is a dentist, hangs out with other dentists and assistants, some are female.’
‘Dentists are high class society sis. I didn’t think they hung out with the rough looking pub crowds.’
‘I suppose upper class like to go to pubs instead of posh restaurants. Anyhow. I might go around tomorrow and check on the child. What about you?’
‘The guy I had today. Instead of a one night stand it is a two-night stand, he goes home the day after tomorrow.’
‘Ok. I will say hello to Cindy. You and her, are alike with one difference.’
‘What’s that sis?’
‘Cindy has a higher IQ.’
‘Hardy Lardy har.’
5
Next day, late afternoon, Susan went to make a friendly call to Cindy Hobbs house and see how things turned out hours after the girl got home from school. Susan knocks and her mother Mary answers with Cindy’s aunt Janet. They both look scared. Mary had been crying Susan could tell.
‘Let her in.’ a powerful male voice demanded.
Piss poor timing, Susan thought.
Mary let Susan in. Cindy is clutching her aunt’s leg. Mary closes the door. The father Harley Hobbs introduced himself. To Susan his name sounded like a cartoon character. She would not joke about that now. He is armed.
Some hand-held gun pointing at Susan who with no hesitation stood in front of the others. The weapon in Harley’s hand looked light and he held it with comfort.
Another encounter coming on for Susan, she felt it. The women look frightened by the man holding a gun. Susan stands in front of the weapon pointed at her not knowing what sort of gun it is, she knows it kills and that is all anyone needs to know. 
Cindy trembles but her weeping is controlled for now. The grown women look frightened managing barely to keep it together.
Harley has a sinister grin he gives Susan who wonders what is more frightening: the gun or the grin.
‘You are Susan Stark. My wife is a fan. I saw a film based on your first book and it is shit, I read the first paragraph of all your books and decided they are shit too.’
‘I can’t please everyone.’ Susan muttered.
‘A slut like you can satisfy everyone. Slept your way to success.’
‘No. I suffered before success found me. Lots of rejection.’
‘Shut up. Don’t care, were going on a trip.’
Everyone against their will cooperated, even Susan had no plan to try for an escape. Harley kept his gun hidden under a light jacket, it is too warm for a jacket, but he seemed to manage as he perved at Susan in her skimpy dress.
The women ushered into a black van in the garage. The van had no windows at the back and the windows on the two back closing doors are tinted. The women sit in the back on long seats facing each other. Nothing else in the van.
Susan sat next to the aunt while the mother and daughter opposite. Susan believed she could work out a plan for escape. Maybe one of the others might too and that would be fine long as no one got killed except Harley who stood outside looking in.
‘Moving into the country. Meet friends of mine. The Iron Serpents.’
The back doors closed, outside the garage door opened and closed. The journey is underway to, to meet a group with a cool name according to Susan: The Iron Serpents.
‘We don’t know how long this trip will be.’ Susan said. ‘To pass time, maybe we should nap or sleep if we can. Not a comfortable place I know.’
No one wanted to sleep except Susan who may not pass out: try to make a call of telepathic communication with Veronica Vikers.
Mother and daughter napped in each other’s arms. The aunt and Susan remained awake.
The trip took over an hour, the van stopped, Susan woke up first then the aunt. Mother and daughter woke up as the doors opened and Harley yelled for them to get out. It is early evening; the moon provides light. They are out of Townsville off the highway heading inland up north.
6
In a forest with tall trees and some pathway; lots of gravel under everyone’s feet. No lights except the moon and flashlights carried. Susan thought groups like The Iron Serpents would carry flame torches. Flashlights wave everywhere, Susan believes there will be flame torches or some flame owned by the Iron Serpents.
The gun pointed at them. Harley had company: people wearing hooded black robes including Harley himself. Mary is surprised, she had never known her husband to be a member of some weird cult. He hung out with a bad crowd but no one with hooded robes that frightened the women more, Susan the least, who wondered if they were hot. 
There were almost ten hooded figures here, Susan could tell.
A wooden platform up a small flight of steps leading to totem poles, eight in all. Susan leads the ushered victims up. Other members follow and next thing, they are tied with nylon ropes to the poles by servants, all male: Susan can see faces and is able to tell. Cindy cries, Janet and Susan are relaxed.
Mary begs pleads for her husband not to do anything he will regret. He tells her to shut up.
‘Listen Harley.’ Susan said. ‘We can make a deal. You kill me but let everyone else go. You do not want to kill your own daughter. Do you?’
Susan frightened as the others, would like to break and run, but it would be a waste of time: she would be caught, there is nowhere to go. It would not be right to abandon everyone.
‘Susan, shut up. I do not care; I am part of a cult. There is someone here you might know.’
The hooded figures left the platform and faced the women removing their hoods. Four men, one of them is Harold Nesbit.
‘I am not shocked by your presence Harold.’ Susan said. ‘I am just repulsed.
‘If you would join us, Susan. We are the iron serpents and have killed before all over the world. Our numbers increase slowly with Harley the latest entrant.’
Janet and Mary now hated Harley and did not care if he died. Little Cindy missed her father now afraid of him, she had not been that way before.
‘You will be cooked as a burnt offering.’
‘No!’ Mary screamed.’
‘Listen you lot!’ Susan said. ‘Let everyone here go, I will stay!’
Susan wanted to leave but knew she had some battle on her hand and would probably not live, but she wanted the others to live. Not often Susan felt noble; but dying did not scare her. She thought back to all her manuscript rejections and how often she wished she were dead.
The iron serpents raised their hands to the air and spoke in Latin, flashlights in the sky, the moon provided light for everyone tied to a totem pole. Susan knew due to her knowledge on devil worshipping from what she studied from books and films.
She did not know what they were saying but heard the name Satan. A few other English words like offering and burnt and God’s. She knew they meant to kill.
Here is the flame torch to roast us, Susan thought.
One of the members, no one could tell if it was male, or female was going to make fire with this flame torch. Harold gave the command to burn the women, the member began the fire.
The platform started to catch fire in small flames around the edges. Cindy and the others screamed. Susan shut her eyes. She did not know any foreign language. She always managed to think during her last supernatural encounters. All she could do was call Veronica. She said it loud for the women to hear.
Cindy tied to the pole next to Susan who tells the child to say the name Veronica and does, not knowing why.
‘Veronica if you hear us, save this child. Abandon this sacrifice.’
The flames were a short step away from the women. Susan believed she could stop it. 
‘Veronica. Abandon these offerings. Hear me Veronica.’
It happened: rain poured down over this area of countryside. The fire went out, the nylon ropes dissolved, and the iron serpents are screaming as their face and hands are melting as though they are being burned by acid, but it is burning flesh.
The hooded figures shrink. Male and female screams. The heavy rainfall has killed the Iron Serpents. They shrink, the faces have melted, flashlights on the ground. The one that lit the fire, his or her face is just skin, no eyes mouth or nose left. 
The screaming hooded Serpents exploded into atoms, the screams gone and now the rain has left, leaving the women drenched. The fire out and the ropes melted away like the Serpents.
Harley remains speechless with wonderment and even terror looking around in disbelief still with a loaded gun in his hand, faces three drenched women and his daughter who refuses to acknowledge her father. Susan jumps off the platform grabs a small rock off the ground, pegs it and strikes Harley, in the head who drops the weapon and turns.
Harley places a hand above the eye where he is bleeding, Susan did not think she could throw that good. He stands, irate at Susan.
‘You, fucking whore!’
Susan moves to pick up the weapon in front of Harley, not heavy in her hand, feels uncomfortable. She holds the weapon to the side of her body and fires hitting the neck three times. Susan dropped the gun. Harley fell. She had never fired a gun, could have backfired, thankfully no.
Susan watches Harley explodes into white atoms, and she is left alone in with the other women who are speechless.
Jesus Christ, more people exploding into atoms, Susan thought.
Everyone came down off the platform to gather by Susan where Harley stood. She threw the gun aside.
Susan stared at Mary. ‘I am sorry.’
Susan expected the woman to be mad but ended up grateful.
‘Don’t be sorry Susan. We do not mourn this man. Cindy will understand in time.’
Cindy appears calm eyes still watering, she hugs Susan, asks who is Veronica? Mary and Janet want to know too.
‘I don’t know how to put it. Veronica is a lovely gifted and distant friend.’
The van is still here and fortunately keys are in the ignition, no one could steal the vehicle of the iron serpents according to Susan. They had the vehicle to leave, Mary drives everyone home.
7
Next day Katy has heard Susan’s tale of the iron serpents as the sisters sit outside on the hotel apartment terrace.
‘So, did Harold burn up too Sis? I hope so.’
‘Me too Katy. I saw them burn and vanish. I wonder if there are more and if Harold is still around.’
‘What about Cindy and her mum.’
‘Well Harley will be reported as a missing case, no one will know, we will but will not say. Mary and her daughter were often upset and occasionally slapped by Harley, he even hit his child. Mary is not mad at me for killing him. As for the iron serpents hopefully, they do not multiply. You know that sounds like a good name for a heavy metal band.’
‘I agree sis.  If Veronica can provide rain like she did for you, then she would come in handy for drought-stricken communities.
Katy agreed: The Iron Serpents, sounded like the name of a heavy metal band. Susan would mention that to Veronica if she ever met her.
A short time in Townsville and twice the demons appeared. She could go to Tasmania, Western Australia even Antarctica and demons would follow. The girl was upset when the Stark sisters had to leave, but Cindy knew she would see them again after Katy told the child we will be back.
The Iron Serpents are gone but Harold Nesbitt is still alive.
CHAPTER EIGHT
LUST AND TEMPTATION
1
Susan Stark wakes after midnight, visited by Veronica Vikers, after a telepathic message.
First time she sees her telepathic admirer, who’s appearance is beautiful as her voice.
(Susan. Wake.)
Susan heard this twice. The sweet voice, that she loves to hear. She is feeling herself up not long after she opens her eyes. She stops, not embarrassed that Veronica can see what she is doing. The visitor is a beautiful sight. Veronica a blonde vision of attractiveness in a pink long sleeveless dress. Susan; forgets Melanie and Ian.
The beautiful visitor stands at the foot of the bed. She smiles and so does Susan, hoping to get laid, to this woman who looked to be her age, maybe younger.
Susan often dreams about Melanie and Ian. Some months back, Susan and Katy are staying at Surfers Paradise on The Gold Coast, the accommodation with beautiful ocean and beach panoramic views. Ian and wife Melanie who published Susan’s books in another apartment on the same floor. 
Susan remembers the couple visiting her apartment. They had plans to go out, sister Katy had a date with some guy she met on the beach and was gone the night, she phoned Susan. Katy had her own apartment, so Susan could walk around in a bikini for Ian and even Melanie to admire.
They visit Susan, who can see through Melanie’s white dress, wearing a bikini. Susan loved and admired Melanie’s bum stick out and cleavage showing. She saw Ian in a pair of shorts and shirt, he was hairy all over, Susan desired his body hair too prick her.
I wish he would fuck my brains out, Susan thought.
Melanie had a phone call and stepped out.
Susan kept control, even at one time when her top fell off. Susan picked up her top off the floor, not covering her breasts. Susan put the top on. Ian tied it up fast.
‘You women. Always buy clothes that either zip or tie up from the back. ‘Ian said to them the day before all women present on a terrace looking at the view to the beach.
‘Stop complaining.’ Melanie said. ‘We go to so much trouble to look good for you.’
‘I have no complaint: I have five wonderful female friends.’
Susan felt his finger touch her back, it was good, but if only more of him touched her. Ian had no crushes on Susan or any other woman for that matter. Susan respected that; he had a wife and two daughters that she and Katy had babysat a few times in the past. 
These are my best friends I will not ruin their relationship, Susan kept thinking.
Susan noticed an erection. Married but beautiful women gave married men and single guys boners a lot. Katy said that too Susan a lot when they were teenage girls.
Whenever Susan perved at Ian or Melanie, it is always discreet. She is always happy to be almost naked in front of the married couple, could not be naked in front of Ian. Though he had seen a lot of her in the past whenever the four of them made constant trips to either Gold or Sunshine Coasts.
No chemistry between Susan and Ian. Katy believed Ian and Melanie might give Susan a threesome. Susan did not agree, she refused to create a real-life soap opera ruining a beautiful relationship.
Susan occasionally thinks back to Ian tying her bikini top up, Melanie knew, her trust in Ian extraordinarily strong. It was not much but a nice moment all the same. Susan had been dreaming about that before Melanie woke her up. In the dream he fucks her and to Susan’s pleasure Melanie joins in for a threesome.
Susan moves blankets aside to show her nudity that Veronica indulges but only looks.
‘Come with me Susan.’
No hesitation, all faith. Susan senses love and goodness in this sweet-talking woman. She wants to help Veronica.
‘Can I remain naked?’ Susan asked.
Veronica smiled a close mouth grin, like Susan often did when talking to people. 
‘Yes.’
Veronica moved closer to the bed, Susan stopped caressing herself and steps out of bed and takes Veronica’s hand. Susan is not going to score. She could wait for now.
2
Veronica takes Susan’s hand, and the two women stare in admiration at each other. Susan is stunned by the real-life phenomena she views: Her own bedroom at home has disappeared as they are teleported into a tropical paradise of beach blue sky and palm trees and nothing else. 
Susan and Veronica holding hands walk along the beach. Susan thinks back to her meeting with the shape changer: Susannah Stark.
‘You have helped save this world Susan. The danger of temptation from Harold Nesbit will turn you against me. He has forces, you defeated the iron serpents and others.’
‘You helped a lot. Susan said.
‘We can help each other. Peace is here now on this planet, but danger can enter. I will be by your side Susan, and I have faith you will help me.’
‘Can we make love?’ Susan asked.
‘Not now Susan. I want that, but I have people to aid on other worlds.’
‘Other worlds?’
Susan feels like she is tripping but knows what is happening to be real and will be glad to keep it all a secret, maybe be inspired to write a fictional account with fictional characters.
Do not let me be dreaming, Susan thought.
Veronica placed her hands on, Susan’s ears.
‘Close eyes Susan.’
Susan did and heard screams and had visions. Children are screaming for their mothers and fathers, little children weeping loud. There are fires in cities and countries. Next vision there are dead bodies of all age groups all over the world massacred and others burned.
Susan opened her eyes, Veronica’s hands on her face removed.
‘What the fuck?’
Bad language did not bother the sweet-talking Veronica.
‘You heard voices and saw destruction Susan. Not on planet earth but my world.’
Susan and Veronica still holding hands walked the long stretch of beach.
‘I cannot foresee the future season, but I have had the premonition that we have at least four months remaining before the slaughter begins. 
Susan able to take her mind of sex after the nightmare, looks around the tropical paradise that looks like it should be packed with tourists like the Gold Coast back in her Qld state.
‘What do you need from me Veronica?’
‘I will call to you Susan. Now go about your business.’
Susan moved to hug Veronica who accepted and embraced Susan’s passionate kiss. Susan scores with Veronica, in a bedroom on a queen-sized bed naked with her girlfriend. The room is not hers. The bedding and carpeting all crimson. Veronica able to have a time out to make love to Susan. 
Susan wakes from a lovely sleep, back on her bed naked sand between her toes. Susan had sexual feelings for three: Ian his wife Melanie and Veronica.
Susan knew she had no, shot with Melanie and Ian, but Veronica, hopefully yes. Last night Susan had a short visit from Veronica Vikers. Next night, it is Harold Nesbitt in hooded robes. Susan is not scared just uncomfortable, Susan, had gone about her daily duties of errands and working on another novel. Katy told Susan she could retire. Susan refused to stop writing. Susan’s thought occasionally drifted to Veronica, that made her smile, she was happy after the sex with her female friend.
Keep your head out of the clouds and focus Susan, she thought.
Her behaviour normal today, tonight rudeness towards the man here now.
Susan woke before sunrise. She is naked under the covers, dreaming of just, Ian Williams fucking her brains out. 
A visitor appeared and like Veronica stood at the foot of the bed. Susan notices and refuses to show her nude body to this man, she hated.
3
Harold Nesbit materialised appearing out of thin air by magic. Susan is not scared, she gasped, but after past encounters with the supernatural, Susan does not care if a demon would show like right now.
Susan believed Harold to be dead among the iron serpents. Others perish yet Harold lives.
‘All this supernatural ability I know how you get away with mischief Harold.’
The smirk of the young man, Susan gives him the finger.
‘I wish you would smirk at an angry murderer Harold, then they would kill you.’
‘You would not weep?’
‘Fuck off.’
They both whispered so Katy downstairs would not be woken up.
There is no fear in Susan Stark. The curiosity intact, but her sexual urges have knocked any fear aside and that is wonderful for Susan.
Susan kept the blanket up to her chin. Harold did not make any moves and Susan herself able to stay where she is. He points to her window and Susan sees outside into another room: She is naked with Ian and Melanie Williams on a bed making love to the two of them.
Susan watches Ian on top of her inside her, and Melanie is sucking Susan’s breasts. Susan having a wonderful orgasm. The image fades and it is normal darkness of an approaching new day. Temptation eats at Susan. She loves this couple. She will not surrender and lose friends. She will not create a soap opera.
Susan refuses to break or sell out to the highest bidder or in this case: demon.
The temptation is a struggle: she wants Ian and Melanie. She stays focused.
4
The vision fades and it is only night outside. 
‘I can give you that.’
‘Fuck off Harold. Why didn’t you die with the other iron serpents?’
‘I am invincible with far greater superiors more powerful than me.’
‘I will not fall under your influence. Fuck off.’
The smirk remained. Harold pointed at the window. Another vision, she sees herself alone with Ian, they are at the Gold Coast, and they strip off and he fucks her hard on a sofa and the vision changed. 
Susan and Melanie are on the sofa. Ian moves from one woman to the other, fucking them good.
The image fades to outside darkness.
‘I can give you that.’ Harold said.
Susan wanted this but knows there might be an evil catch that will cause drastic harm to the public. 
‘Go and get Fucked Harold.’
Harold is gone, like he had never been here, but he had.
5
Susan thought about her past encounters where she had to do battle, these last two evening with her two visitor encounters; no battle, just weirdness, Susan knows it happened and is not checking into a funny farm. Well not yet.
Susan puts this evening behind her but will remember it soon.
CHAPTER NINE
WATCHER AND VICTIM
1
It is not going to be Susan Stark, but someone either friend or relative that would die. The watcher has not decided, but there will be a victim.
2
The supernatural being watches two brothers hitting onto two sisters. The Stark sisters.
3
Fred and Jason Bentley late thirties yet unmarried like the Stark sisters. Fred the oldest, has a mad young brother who acts a yobbo, yelling out in public and talking dirty. Fred and Jason both into surfing see Susan and Katy up at Coolangatta beach on the gold coast. 
The Stark sisters wanting to see the beach again visit the gold coast only a few weeks before Easter, the sisters did not want to get caught in that rush. Both sisters leaving the beach and sit on a park bench facing the ocean.
Fred tells Jason he sees Susan Stark up ahead. He is a fan.
‘Well let us go up too her.’ 
‘I don’t know.’
‘Come on she isn’t a movie star, she is a writer, I see no paparazzi about.’
‘I’ll leave her, she must get harassed by fans a lot.’
‘Didn’t you tell me she goes both ways.’
‘She does.’
‘I could use a bi-sexual woman.’
Jason walked ahead of Fred, who went after him, both put their surfboards away cause the sisters are close yet have not noticed. Jason focuses on the person with Susan.
‘Hi. My brother has a boner for Susan Stark, so I guess you will have to do for me.’
‘Gee I aim to please.’ Katy said with sarcasm. ‘
Fred gathered his voice and met Susan and apologised for Jason’s words.
‘No need Fred. I will probably have to apologize for katy.’
Susan and Katy offered the two guys to sit and join them. All four able to use the bench.
‘So? ‘Jason said. ‘Fred has a boner for Susan. What about you Katy.’
‘I don’t have a boner for Susan.’
Jason laughed and snorted then Katy did the same.
4
The watcher is at Coolangatta watching the four. He has plans to kill someone soon; might be Susan, Katy or one of the brothers. Soon someone would die.
The two brothers in wetsuits, find wetsuits for the Stark sisters.
The sisters changed, Fred watched Susan and so did Jason. Katy slapped Jason in the back of the head.
‘What did you do that for?’
‘You are supposed to be looking at me not Susan.’
‘I was, I only looked at Susan by accident.’
‘Uh huh.’
Susan and Katy had a go at surfing. Katy rode a surfboard with Jason who kept pinching her bum, he pinched Susan’s butt once until Katy slapped him gently on the chest. Susan fell off the board into the ocean, Katy did too, more than Susan. The sisters never surfed before.
Changing out of wetsuits, not only did Fred look at Susan, so did Jason until Katy, slapped him in the back of the head another time.
5
The Stark’s and Bentleys ate fish and chips looking out to the ocean, whenever Jason perved at Susan bending over in a bikini, Katy slapped his groin.
Jason and Fred fifteen years younger than the Stark sisters, from Perth Western Australia, other side of the country. Katy thought about an old ex-husband who wanted to move across the country, wondered if he is still there now, if he went.
The brother’s great no championship hotshots had been involved in surfing events round the country now here in Queensland before heading overseas: Hawaii, a famous destination the Stark sisters desired to see in the future.
Jason showed Susan a talent. He had a cap then he got a boner pointing out through his shorts and had his hat hanging off it, everyone laughed Katy the loudest with a snort.
‘We are not good influences on them Fred.’ Susan said.
The four hit it off. Jason and Katy, the crazy ones.
6
The watcher bides his time, he has decided who will be the victim.
Brothers and sisters with big age gap, hit it off. The brothers looked youthful same as Susan and Katy. Friendly goodbyes before Susan and Katy board the bus, no emotion cause the two brothers do not do relationships either like the sisters. Jason pinches Katy’s bum one last time.
‘I will be back to spank you.’ Katy said.
‘I hope so Katy.’ Jason added.
7
The Stark sisters arrive home, evening approaches. Goodbyes said, Susan and Katy return home to find police authorities there, early evening. Neighbours including Gerald Swift, the cousin Nicole with her husband, who left their children being with a babysitter are hanging around outside the sister’s house. The sisters look at one another and at their visitors.
Susan and Katy frightened: they arrive home from the train station with luggage they leave aside when a policeman approaches; their mother murdered in Caloundra. Harold Nesbitt left his details in the mailbox saying he did it, he cannot be contacted.
Susan and Katy overcome with grief also feel the lust of rage and hatred to make them want to commit murder over the killer of their mother and they intend to do just that.
A note written in capital letters. I killed your mother, Stephanie. Regards Harold Nesbitt. The sisters wept. Katy with her arms round Susan; authorities inform the two sisters. Their mother had lived in Caloundra. 
One day while the sisters were at the gold coast their mother had a visitor in her house, she demanded he leave not asking how he made his way in. Harold sliced the woman’s throat. She died quickly thankfully. He disappeared and reappeared in the Starks house before the police showed up. 
Harold phoned them himself and told them he did it and enjoyed it. He is unable to be tracked down.
8
The following week, the funeral and will reading and other matters are attended. Susan and Katy are feeling strong and do not cry at the funeral. They go back to their lives agreeing with each other to kill Harold Nesbitt.
Susan and Katy met up with Nicole and her husband at the funeral, they all got along in this emotional time remained enemies, sometimes friendships cannot be found. The sisters and cousin always enemies due to all types of disagreements from politics to finance and world events since childhood. 
Susan and Katy on a few occasions tried to make peace with Nicole, who would not oblige. Susan, Katy and Nicole’s relationship a tale for another time, for now the sisters saw their cousin as upper class snobbish, since childhood.
9
After dinner one evening Susan and Katy swear a vow.
 Both sisters have their hands over a sink, they will have to clean up blood later, now the oath. Susan sliced the palm of her hand with a knife, Katy the same with the exact knife Susan used; hesitated for a few seconds but wanted to do this. They made a clenched fist then opened their hands; joined palms, blood touching blood.
‘I swear to mum that we will kill Harold Nesbitt’ Susan said.
Katy said the same thing. 
A blood oath is sworn, they know where Harold is; they plan to start searching. 
He was the watcher at the beach, Susan learned one night after the funeral when Veronica spoke in her head. Veronica did not know where Harold, hides. Susan will straight away be contacted, soon as she found out.
 Before the sisters swore the oath, Veronica had spoken to Susan by telepathy again last night and told her where Harold was. Susan told Katy.
Blood hands touch each other; Susan and Katy look at each other with respectful admiration.
‘This is for mum. Katy we will kill the fucker.’
‘We will kill the fucker sis. I swear it.’
‘I swear it too.’
The sisters held hands blood on blood. Susan Ann Stark and Katy Gail Stark will kill Harold Nesbitt.
The blood vow is sworn.
CHAPTER TEN
VERONICA’S LAIR
1
If Susan could make situations simple for Veronica like she had done for her, she would do so: Veronica has saved Susan Stark time and effort by bringing her back to this world. 
Another encounter, Susan is used to this, and takes everything one step at a time. One day ago, she and Katy had sworn the blood oath to kill Harold Sterling. They spent the previous day trying to work on a strategy, today they are somewhere else.
Susan wakes up in a mansion with posh expensive antique furniture carpeting and bedding. Susan on a bed naked, sprawled across satin sheets. She snaps too, starts looking around the bedroom on the queen size bed.
The walls a clear white the carpeting crimson, to match the bed. Susan admires the room and wonders about the room, there is a wardrobe, one of those sliding ones.
A pink dress with undergarments laid out at the foot of the bed, Susan assumes is for her and puts on. She walks round the bedroom, pulls apart crimson drapes and opens a glass sliding door, she wondered if it would be locked. She walks onto a concrete terrace with iron railings, facing the beach and ocean with no people in sight.
A glorious day, Susan knows the area, she had visited before with Veronica, and she likes it here. This place is beautiful like Veronica, she could live here. Is Veronica here? Be great have sex with her, Susan thinks. Clearing fantasies from her head, Susan wants to explore this world some more, she knows this is not earth.
Katy Stark enters being in the bedroom next door in her pink attire like Susan. 
Katy and Susan, a trifle surprised to see each other in the new world, that Susan had a slight knowledge off, where Katy is lost.
‘Hey sis what the fuck is going on?’
Susan a slight startle faces Katy, who steps onto the terrace to admire the view.
Katy did not appear traumatised simply curious. Katy also dressed in pink. She had woken up naked on another bed pink clothing provided. Katy called around for Susan or anyone. For the fun of it, she yelled out Ronald McDonald. 
She spotted a bedroom door down the carpeted corridor looked in; it was Susan looking lost heading out onto the terrace. Susan might be able to figure this all out.
‘We have been abducted Katy.’
‘How do you know that?’
‘I just know. I believe we are safe. We are in another world.’
‘Ok. And you think I am nuts.’
‘I do.’ Susan said. ‘I have been here. The place I told you about when Veronica paid me a visit.’
A powerful feminine voice called out anyone here. Bertha. Real name Phillipa walks in, she is dressed in pink gear, the extra-large comfortable size for her big masculine figure.
The sisters knew the voice.
‘Susan went and looked into the corridor.
‘Bertha?’
The tall black woman appeared, she embraced Susan. Everyone shocked to see each other.
‘Susan. What are we doing here?’ Bertha asked.
‘There might be more of us.’ Susan said.
Susan believed Veronica abducted them while they slept and teleported them here. The three had been asleep and woke up in a different place. Bertha gave Susan a strange stare; she didn’t disagree. 
Bertha had been asleep by her husband, the previous evening, next she had been in another bedroom. She like Katy had called and searched the corridor until she heard Susan. Bertha woke up and found a pink dress toga that is an extra-large size. 
They walked into Susan’s room.
Bertha!’ Katy called.
Bertha and Katy embraced. Bertha could lift Katy off the ground like she could with Susan or whoever when she hugged someone.
‘They even abducted you too Katy doll.’
‘Hard to believe.’ Susan joked.
Katy ignored her sisters tease getting a look at the surroundings.
Bertha is not frightened; believes that Veronica has a good reason for this abduction. Susan informed Bertha and Katy, that when they are in this world called Jeeca, time is still in the real world, meaning her husband and kids will not know she had been gone. 
Veronica used telepathy to tell Susan the same thing, even Katy and whoever else would be here. They were asleep when she spoke, but they all remembered it now after taking in their new surroundings.
2
The interior of this rich joint boasted expensive furniture, there were no giant screen TV’s or any technology. Dining rooms and portraits of world-famous paintings, including the Mona Lisa and the scream. Even artwork of past European explorers a real historian could explain.  
Nothing here is cheap, expensive and in perfect condition and clean. The drapes, carpeting and wallpaper are red, like the beds; a total of eight bedrooms, not all full, there is another guest here.
The brunette girl Tamara is eighteen, little shaken then relaxes when seeing the others, mostly Susan. They sprawled on the sofas in the lounge, Tamara rushed to sit next to Susan, ignores Katy and Bertha as she places her arm around Susan and strokes her hair.
‘Sweetie. I am Tamara and I masturbate over you a lot.’
Susan does not mind being touched by this girl.
Katy looks at Bertha.
‘Tamara; knows how to open up, hey Bertha. Say no more.’
Tamara briefly looked at Katy than back to Susan.
‘Sweetie, it will be an honour to open my legs for you. I must have masturbated over you,
more than two hundred times.
‘Jesus Tamara.’ Katy said. ‘Want to share any secrets with us while you’re at it?’
‘Thanks Tamara.’ Susan said.
‘I work in one of those x rated porn booths. People to watch me masturbate. My family and I do not talk about our lives. I live with friends, both straight. I invite people to enter me, that includes you sweetie.’
Tamara moves her hand round Susan’s hair and down the back.
‘So, Tamara. Your parents wanted you to be a lawyer, doctor or masturbator.’ Katy joked.
Bertha laughed, not bothered by this young girl’s dirty mind.
‘There was no dildo or vibrator in my room sweetie. I would love to have you in me.’
‘Fucking hell Tamara!’ Katy said. ‘If I knew you were going to be here, I would have brought my vibrator. Wait, I do not have a vibrator. We had carrots in our fridge.’
Katy snorted, Bertha laughed, Susan smiled.
Tamara looked at Katy.
‘Darling, a carrot would have been fine.’
‘Jesus Christ.’ Katy said. ‘I thought we had dirty minds sis.’
Susan faced Tamara who now moved her hands over Susan’s legs.
‘We can do something later Tamara, but we need to know why we are here. I think I have an idea.’
‘I don’t care anymore sweetie, long as we are together.’
‘I probably am too old for you Tamara. Your too young.’
‘No sweetie. I have been with people of all ages. You can call me mummy sweetie.’
‘Thanks.’ Susan murmured. ‘Tamara, we need make sense of our situation.’
‘Yes, sweetie.’
3
Tamara, who only went to grade eleven and dropped out to be with friends who did weed a lot, friends who were friends with people in high places. 
Tamara who goes both ways has never been in a committed relationship, she is a man eater like the Stark sisters. She had fallen asleep in her own bedroom, in the apartment she shared with two flatmates in Sydney. She will not be missed: time is different in this other world.
Tamara had changed into the pink dress she found on her bed, she had woken up nude, when she found herself in another room, she changed. She did not look outside, same as Bertha, she went around to find someone and of all people to be here it is Susan Stark, that Tamara loves.
Bertha, Tamara, Susan and Katy walked around the house; its spacious bedrooms and lounges and kitchen with a door going outside to a giant swimming pool of beautiful blue water and blue concrete and a statue of a woman paved into the concrete at the pools edge standing eight feet tall. The lawn chairs are all pink under pink roofing. 
Everyone admired the place even Tamara with her hand on Susan’s back.
A beautiful statue of a sexy woman, Susan thought.
Susan knew the statue to be Veronica, the others assumed this to be Veronica Vikers. A corpse floated face down. Susan lets Tamara’s hand go. Veronica is unconscious. Susan jumps into the pool and brings Veronica to safety. Susan went to the pool steps with her arm around Veronica.
Susan could tell it was Veronica-even face down- by the blonde hair, though it is wet. The blonde woman wet, clothes and all is rested as Bertha and Katy place the woman in a lawn chair. 
Veronica cannot wake up. Susan says the name over, even Bertha’s masculine feminine voice and Katy saying wake up sleepy head.
Tamara kissed the woman on the forehead. Veronica is not breathing yet she is alive.
Susan stays on the lawn chair by Veronica while the others stand close by with concern even Tamara, horny as hell, able to control herself.
‘I assume Veronica is in a trance.’ Susan said.
‘Some idiot threw her into the pool sis.’ Katy said. ‘She is probably in terrible shock.
Susan wanted to help Veronica, same size as the Stark sisters, way shorter than Bertha and taller than Tamara. Bertha wanted to do police work, supernatural circumstances, and various phenomena were more Susan’s specialties than Bertha’s.
‘Stay put all of you.’
The voice is friendly. The Stark sisters know who it is. Tamara jumped.
The sisters turn to face the smirking nemesis. Tamara stands behind Bertha well shielded by the big woman.
Harold Nesbit, holding a gun pointed at them. Susan stands closest to Harold.
‘You piece of shit.’ Susan said. ‘We are going to kill you.’
‘Not a clever choice of words Susan Stark.’
‘You killed our mother! Fucking cunt!’ Katy said.
Bertha is impressed with the Stark sisters: a man has a gun pointed to kill and they still stick it to him. Susan Katy and Bertha sprawl in chairs as Harold walks pacing with gun ready to kill. Susan is waiting for the right time to move. Bertha is too. 
‘Susan, you have defeated armies that tried to invade this planet. Jeeca. Saul the vampire. The witches. Behemoth and even the freak on the flight all in one year. I am the leader of this cult Susan.’
‘World domination. Susan said. ’You come from other worlds with phenomenal abilities. Some greater than others. You are the leader who can come and go. I have figured all that out, you numb cunt.’
Name calling has no effect on Harold at all.
Bertha and Tamara hated the smirk. Bertha had made smartass criminals give up smirking by her masculine voice. Harold is different: no display of emotion or upset, that please punch me in the mouth smirk remains big and will not get smaller.
‘I get from place-to-place seconds faster than transport users.’ Harold said.
‘Teleportation.’ Katy said. ‘Appear and disappear. With that gift you can afford to say and do anything you want.’
‘Couldn’t put it better myself. I will kill you all. With you lot out of the way. You Susan. I can dominate. I am not upset you killed the other demons. Means more power to me.’
Harold cannot read minds or send telepathy which Susan does to an unconscious Veronica who still responds while asleep. The word water and fear pass over Susan and into Katy’s mind. 
‘What are your weaknesses?’ Susan asked.
‘I will share. No one is going to live. I cannot drink it or be in it. Water. It kills me if I’m in contact with it for more than five minutes.’
‘You must be shitting us.’ Katy said. ‘What about your human body. You do not count as a human being Harold. 
 ‘You are a cunt. However, the body needs water.’ Susan said.
 ‘I am not human Katy.’
‘We have always known that shit brain.’ Susan said.
‘Where I come from and what made me, is no concern of you lot.’
No one believed Harold. When he spoke, he sounded serious. Harold spoke he is immortal conceived by supernatural ability. He shared his weakness: water. Susan did not want to know about Harold, yet she had a little curiosity about the type of demon he is.
He speaks with confidence. Susan and Katy feel hatred, even Tamara who understands the hatred the Stark sisters feel for this man. Harold knows Tamara will not try attempt anything foolish. Katy, he cannot be sure. Susan and Bertha on the other hand will try to be heroes, mostly Bertha, who has dealt with criminals and guns before.
Susan and Bertha are close to Harold, while Tamara moves close too Katy with no funny business.
‘Dude, you may be holding a gun, but you can’t make us believe water is a weakness.’ Bertha said. ‘There are tragedies, people drown, still water cannot be a person’s weakness. Can you swim?’
‘I will not explain myself.’ He looked away from Bertha to Susan. ‘I admired you Susan, now we must part.’
Harold looks at Bertha planning to kill. Susan knows Bertha can beat this guy; but the sisters want Harold for themselves. Susan moves closer to her enemy. She grabs his wrist squeezing hard. Harold drops the weapon. 
He wrestles Susan and Katy moves forward; Tamara lets Katy’s arm go. Katy is full of anger, knowing Susan’s plan: get Harold into the pool. 
Susan and Harold fall back into the pool. Katy falls in last as she moves towards Harold while his gun hand points to the ground with Susan clutching the wrist, gun drops out of Harold’s hand onto the ground as he screams.
Susan behind Harold has an arm round the neck trying to drown him. Katy helps pushing Harold’s head underwater.
Bertha and Tamara stand at poolside. Tamara wants to get involved, but Bertha will not let her. She knows and believes Katy and Susan can deal with Harold besides the two sisters wanted this man for themselves to kill. Bertha’s instinct senses believe somehow Susan and Katy will prevail; she is not worried.
‘Easy girl. They have this.’
Tamara had no confidence.
4
Harold breaks free from Susan’s grip. Katy swims in behind Harold forces him underwater. Susan places her hands on the top of Katy’s hands-on Harold’s head, gripping. Harold’s arms wave into the air. He hits Katy in the head with a backhand.
Harold gets free from Susan who managed to keep hands on his head. Katy comes up behind Harold with an arm around the guy’s neck. Susan swims under the water, grabs Harold’s foot and pulls him down.
Harold breaks Katy’s grip grabbing her arm twisting the flesh of the forearm. Harold swims towards the edge of the pool. Susan follows and wraps her arm round Harold’s waist. Katy swims over puts a hand on Harold’s head and back of the neck holding his head down. Susan goes underwater and grips Harold’s ankles. 
He is losing air drowning; that is not all. Harold appears to be having some attack. Katy and Susan let go and swim to edge of the pool. Harold standing upright, water to his shoulders. He grips his neck, then the chest. He gasps and explodes into blue particles. He had turned into atoms, literally disappearing.
Susan and Katy rest catching their breath. Katy surprised about Harold’s vanishing. Susan is used to it.
Susan and Katy sore step out of the pool helped by Tamara and Bertha. Veronica is standing behind Bertha. Susan runs and embraces Veronica; kisses her friend passionately. Bertha able to look for a short while; Katy turns away fast. Veronica, and Susan together in each other’s arms looking at one another.
‘He is a demon Susan and placed me in the water. He appeared after you arrived. I sensed he would be here and had all of you abducted using my own brand of sorcery. I chose you four, I even knew Tamara.’
‘Dare I ask how?’ Katy said. Standing round Susan and Veronica with Tamara and Bertha.
‘I am psychic. I do not make predictions. Images of lots of girls in my visions. First vision: Tamara, followed by other visions, including you three.’
‘How do you do all the magic?’ Katy asked.
‘I’m a witch of many talents, but Harold a male witch with teleportation abilities is stronger than me.’
They sit on lawn chairs, Susan between Veronica and Tamara, facing Katy and Bertha.
‘Last night I had a premonition. No crystal balls. Visions come and vanish.’
5
Veronica had climbed out of bed last night naked. She stood on the terrace, looked at the moon, closed the eyes and spoke Latin, demanding help be brought peacefully to her. The chant made four women; one Veronica had met in person hear her call.
‘It is all witchcraft?’ Susan asked.
‘Correct. When I woke the next morning, I dressed and after I stepped out, I saw Harold, he delivered a magic punch, that didn’t hurt just stung me in the nose and I passed out.’
‘Harold is gone sweet doll.’ Bertha told Veronica.
‘I hope so.’
‘We will always help you Veronica.’ Susan said.
Susan and Veronica stand and embrace in another passionate kiss.
Katy turned away, and company appeared.
The reunion is interrupted by the tall blonde crewcut woman. Behemoth.
‘You bitch. Susan Stark. I will fight you and finish the job.’
Susan stood before the tall woman coming up to her chest. The tall woman did not die in the red room after an unusual game of chess at Harold Nesbitt’s house last time they met.
Susan is slapped on the cheek by the big brutal woman’s hand to the side. Susan falls to the ground sideways. Susan is helped up by Bertha and Katy.
‘You rest baby girl. I will deal with this.’
Susan knows she cannot fight Behemoth; this woman is more Bertha’s size.
Bertha and Behemoth; faced each other two tall women same height.
Two giant female gladiators with cool nicknames, Katy thought.
‘You like to throw little people around.’ Bertha said. ‘How about you prove how tough you are and fight me. Want to fight someone your size big girl.’
‘I don’t fear you woman.
6
The two tall giants locked up and Bertha receives closed fists to the face first. Behemoth is punched next, struck in the nose by the huge woman’s fist two time and falls. Bertha picks up the dropped gun of Harold’s and fires. Behemoth is shot and blasted into blue atoms, gone forever like Harold Nesbitt.
Bertha would gladly have let the fight go on longer against this tall woman. She chose to end fast; she missed her family.
Veronica and Bertha have a quick embrace. The group sprawl out on the chairs.
Veronica has given these women open invitations. They need to send a call to Veronica, and she promises to hear with telepathy.
Veronica is not different then earthlings just magical yet is human like the Starks and Bertha. No one lived on Jeeca, except Veronica and her servants that visited from other worlds to keep the house and even planet in magical shape. It is an easy promise for Susan, Tamara, Katy and Bertha not to tell anyone about this planet.
All four bonded. Katy and Bertha left. Veronica closed her eyes holding Katy and Bertha’s hand, closed her eyes, chanted Latin that Katy found funny sounding yet kept a straight face. Susan stayed behind with Tamara and made love with Veronica.
Veronica said all is safe. Susan believes but ready to fight by this woman’s side. Veronica sent Susan and Tamara home the same way. When everyone is back home; in their beds late evening, the actual evening they were abducted because of the different and even magical time zones in other worlds. 
Bertha’s husband asleep, no knowledge what his wife had been up to. Tamara’s flatmate would have no idea Tamara was in another world.
7
A month later in Townsville Susan and Katy meet Bertha for lunch along the esplanade. The tourists showing up with winter close.
‘We were gone for a short time.’ Bertha said. ‘Fortunately, with the time thing, we don’t have to work on alibis.’
If Bertha squealed, no one better mock or their will be hell to pay with the big woman, Katy thought.
‘I don’t want to lie.’ Bertha said. ‘I will not tell the truth about demons and other worlds.’
‘People will think were nuttier than fruitcakes.’ Katy said.
‘Like Katy.’ Susan said.
‘We are all in the same boat Katy doll.
‘Well sis.’ Katy said. ‘Are the monsters gone?’
‘For now; but who knows.’
Mary mother of god.’ Katy said. ‘This gets weirder by the minute.’
‘Well sis.’ Katy said. ‘We didn’t learn a great deal about Veronica and Harold. What is their background?’
‘Well Katy. Our story has plot holes, we do not know anything about what we fought and conquered. Plot holes just like The Paranormal Activity films, that needs another instalment. I love those films, yet I believe they need more detail like what has happened to me with the demons. There is much to learn.’
Bertha had not watched those films, her family preferred action films. Katy liked the first one, but stopped after seeing the third, not caring for this franchise, Susan enjoyed.
Katy made jokes about Tamara’s profession when Bertha’s husband attended their vegetable garden making Susan and Bertha laugh.
‘Vegetable garden sis. Do not let Tamara in there or we will never get her out. Wait is that the other way round?’ 
‘People will no longer be vegetarians if they knew the young teenaged Tamara was into triple x pornography.’
Katy would always have some witty remarks that made Susan, Bertha and others laugh.
No more encounters happened in the last month, Susan and Katy had contact with Bertha who goes on with her daily life.
The sisters sometimes wondered about Nicole who did not need protection from anyone, but Katy thought their cousin, if she knew if anyone would save her: Nicole would look the other way. Susan and Katy’s battles were not Nicole’s affair, so they forgot Nicole.
Susan wondered if there would be any more encounters. Would she face demons and figure out any plot holes?
She has no knowledge of Harold Nesbitt, Veronica Vikers background supernatural past. Susan promised to see Veronica again. One day and moment at a time, the women all agreed. This had been an adventure. Susan admitted she in some slight way enjoyed when meeting and facing demons, though it is no picnic.
Susan thought of the closing credits of a James Bond film: the end but James Bond will return. Susan wondered if this is the end or would she return to battle like James Bond.
Susan communicated with Tamara by social media, plus Ian and Melanie Williams and their children. Susan believed a happy ending now, she wondered if there would be more demons. She assumed yes. Both sisters, still sceptical atheists, believe they have not seen the last of the monsters.
THE END
*
SEVEN INVITATIONS
*
Trapped in the vampires building, no one heard the girl scream for help.
She fled through corridors and down stairways in the lavish posh hotel; escape the madman and his accomplices, whatever they were who summoned her here for reasons that led to the death of her friends. The girl wanted out; the owner refused. The frightened blonde panicked.
She moved into the elevator, in working order. The short ride down felt endless like it denied her to leave. The lift halted; doors opened into the foyer. She investigated the waiting room and restaurant area past reception; deserted despite the hotels clean and perfect look for the upper-class society of marble furniture, red carpeting.
The girl weeps and trembles; cannot see the killer, able to see her. The girl runs to the black sliding doors: exit and entrance; locked trapping her inside unable to see out through the black glass.
The hotel located in a side street instead of a long-stretched street out of the main business district. Screams should not fall on death ears has to be a pedestrian or motorist passing by that somehow notice, whatever the time of day.
She banged on the glass and stopped when she heard footsteps. She turned and faced a woman with wavy blonde hair and long white dress. Jody made eye contact with her victim, eyes blazed silver. The frantic girl relaxed as she gazed into the eyes of the being, her fear passed; tears gone.
Jody hissed; fangs revealed. She approached the teenager under the Vampire’s influence, the girl is silent, no movement. Jody placed her hands on the Shoulders looked at the bulging jugular vein of the girl’s neck. Sharp incisions found their target.
*
Seven worried and concerned guests assembled in the foyer of the deserted hotel now changed from its original name after take-over by Starkweather Incorporated named Hotel Bathory. The hotel has lighting, the dark glass does not obliterate the interior darkness and it is air conditioned.
The citizens gathered in the lounge; some paced others sat. A tray of glasses and scotch had been left on a table in the waiting room outside restaurant. No-one felt like drinking except the old man. The guests afraid: summoned here against their will with no idea.
Introductions made, all wished they could meet under way better circumstances, instead of something frightening like being summoned here with no choice.
Dominick Johnson, late thirties like Diane Jackson hailed from Inland city: Toowoomba Qld, worked in the supermarket chain as stock fillers, with different companies, the two had never met until today. 
Sandra Hopewell here in Sydney late thirties a divorce lawyer, by the book and occasional favouritism to women when she could. 
Jenny Voss nineteen, shy hotel maid at Queensland’s Gold Coast.
Jason Picket, mid-twenties a mechanic from Adelaide; macho attitude, the only one not afraid but curious like the others.
Greg Carter, a Melbourne Accountant, refused to be quoted on financial issue. 
Henry Lindenberg, seventy-one retired from the army, a former colonel living in Perth. At ease everybody arrived in Sydney the same day picked up at the airport by servants. 
The guests felt like they were being kidnapped: they had been blackmailed.
It had been a long day, leaving their hometowns except Sandra. They flew to Sydney airport and were met outside the boarding gates by servants in black suits including brim hats and shades. Jason, Dominic and Jenny thought they looked like Men in Black from the movie. Jason cussed and made jokes; his driver had no sense of humour.
The drivers held up signs of the last names of the six. Most came on separate flights throughout the day. Sandra had been picked up from her house close to Sydney harbour, she had won custody of from her ex-husband.
Diane and Dominick and Jenny, the same flight, strangers among one another. All guests had one-way tickets mailed to them with their blackmailing letter. Their drivers picked them up, ordered them to ask no questions and follow them. 
They wanted to ask stuff. Sandra rubbed her lawyer skills in too no effect. Jason swore and demanded an explanation, no driver cooperated, just threatened them to follow and if they refused, authorities would arrest them. Jenny, Diane and Dominick were picked up at the same time. The driver had three names to a sign.
Jenny the most frightened and clings to Diane in the backseat of a black Toyota, same as the other car’s guests.
Sandra is picked up last after losing a divorce case; takes her frustration out on her driver. All seven had no choice: they had been drafted. None of these individuals had been blackmailed a day in their lives, until now. New frightening territory, no one knowing if they are part of a prank or something drastic. 
After Sandra walked in the sliding doors sealed themselves locked. Sandra tried to pry the doors open like Greg and Dominick had. Jason threw a chair at the glass and not a crack.
All allowed to wonder the hotel. Jenny looked younger than nineteen always asked for ID when going to a club, sat on a sofa beside Diane who is frightened takes the young auburn-haired girl under her wing. Dominick paces the foyer, stares into the deserted restaurant. 
Greg, Henry and Jason sprawl on a leather sofa with their scotch drinks on the coffee table. Sandra paces around the entrance using her mobile phone.
‘Phones out.’ she said to no one in particular.
‘Jason looked towards her. ‘What’s up honey?’
‘Don’t call me honey! No signal, fuck it!’
Dominick tried the phone at the reception desk: dead. 
Everyone tried their phones, no signals. Greg tried the computer at the reception desk, it was plugged in and switched on, the screen remained dark. He assumed the technology needed an upgrade.
‘Not happening.’ Jenny muttered.
The youngest member chewed her nail, her skinny body trembling.
‘I’m scared too.’ Diane said. ‘We must make sense of our situation together.’
Jenny thought Diane had a sweet-talking voice.
Dominick went to sit on the lower flight of stairs leading up to the first floor. He took a letter out of his pocket. It was typed up like a business letter. He read it out:
‘Dominick Johnson; you are summoned to appear in Sydney at the hotel Bathory.’ He read the day and the date of this day. ‘If you do not oblige, you will be fined ten thousand dollars. If you seek help from any law-enforcement, you will be prosecuted. I know your past crimes. You will be met at the airport and brought here.’
The other six mentioned they had the same letter, no return address-Sandra’s is different not having to go to the airport-signed Ramone.
‘I don’t plan to stay!’ Sandra said. ‘I’m in a shit mood. A client lost her divorce battle! Now some bastard wants to provoke me.’
‘Unwind Baby.’ Jason said. ‘Come and sit next to me, you guys move aside.’
Sandra told him to shut the fuck up; he shrugged.
‘I’m glad someone is relaxed.’ Greg commented, to Jason, sounding business like. ‘We have been blackmailed.’
Dominick kept sneaking glances at the attractive Diane not caring if she noticed said: ‘We have been drafted and I think we have to cooperate.’
‘I’m not.’ Jason said, stroking his three-day beard growth, only guy here not clean shaven.
‘Attention summoned visitants!’ a demanding voice over said. Everyone startled even Jason who does not scare easy had to agree with everyone that the male speaker boasts one of those frightening and threatening voices.
Everyone scans the foyer; looking for somebody, what they can tell it is an audio hook up but become immobile when accusations are made, terror and shock penetrates all seven as the threatening loud voice thunders through the foyer.
Dominic would think later that the frightening voice reminded him of Orson Wells, in the Agatha Christie, film: And Then There Were None. To Dominic the accusations sounded like mad ramblings that got to the point.
‘Dominick Johnson: charged with sexual assault.
‘Diane Jackson, responsible for the death of an eleven-year-old boy. 
‘Sandra Hopewell, you murdered your client’s husband. 
‘Jenny Voss, responsible for a friend’s death by overdose. 
‘Jason Pickett, a deliberate vehicle explosion, killed your ex-wife and boyfriend.
‘Greg Carter, you provoked a client too suicide. You swindled his financial affairs. Everyone mesmerised as the sinister voice continues.
‘Henry Lindenberg, army veteran, sent a man to death in order to marry his lover. Assemble in restaurant in an hour, anyone attempts escape, you will be destroyed.’
The voice cut out, they heard it clear over the ground floor. Jenny most mesmerized, Jason and Sandra furious. Jason paces the foyer, using vulgar language.
‘Show yourself asshole.’
‘Profanity. Really?’ Diane asked, next to Jenny who trembled with tears.
‘You heard that!’ Jason exclaimed, pacing. ‘I’m not going to take that! Fucking swearing should be the least of your worries!’
Diane could not respond, she like others tried to keep calm and maintain their composure. Sandra and Jason irate, the others are stunned breathless anxious to inquire. Jenny wondered if the voice would return.
Sandra, sat down on a chair, tried to work her mobile. She swore remembering it did not work.
‘Fuck!’
‘We should be able to get reception.’ Greg said. ‘It’s odd the phones aren’t working; unless there is a technical issue with the phone company.’
Henry, oldest of the group, needed a shot of whiskey, went and helped himself, found the bar went behind it; the lights all worked plus the refrigeration; why not the phones?
Greg, Jason, Sandra and Dominick walked over to the bar.
‘Ladies and gentlemen, what can I get you?’ Henry said. He kept a smiling face.
‘Glad someone’s feeling pleasant old timer.’ Jason said, face red with hatred.
Henry served the drinks they asked, knowing where everything was, he had drunk in bars over the world during his army days.
‘My friends I have a military background, I’ve been shot, stabbed, injured in an explosion, even cheated death against terrorists. I am not scared of a threatening voice over from above.’
‘Good for you mate.’ Greg said.
‘I’ve observed tragedies worldwide, but I’ve always learned to keep a sense of humour thanks to therapy. You youngsters shouldn’t let a voice over break you.’
‘We need to make sense of this ordeal.’ Dominic said.
Jenny and Diane joined the rest at a large table Greg familiar with from business meetings and fancy restaurants with staff and family, never clients, never getting attached to customers. With this group, it felt like dinner with new business associates, the issue is not finance…yet.
Henry brought over the bottle of whiskey and placed it next to his glass. Jason and Dominic indulged a beer. Greg scotch. Sandra preferred a Martini, had to fix it herself, Henry did not know that alcoholic beverage. Diane enjoyed red wine. Jenny liked beer. She is the most frightened and shaken up, she kept drinking water to settle her nerves.
‘Come on kid.’ Jason said to Jenny. ‘I’m going to put this prick in the goddamn emergency room.’
Jenny remained silent, she believed he meant it: a rough looking guy, she thought he looked like action star Jason Statham.
Jason told everyone he had been in brawls, even been in gaol and hospital.
‘I did not murder my ex-wife or her lover.’ Jason said. ‘I never hit her, we cursed, no hitting, we separated, no divorce.’ He looked at Sandra. ‘You lawyers are expensive honey.’
‘Fuck off!’ She spoke. ‘Don’t call me honey!’
‘Okay sexy.’ He smirked. ‘My wife and her lover were killed in a car crash, and it exploded. I did service his vehicle yes, but I did not bomb it. I wept when I had a phone call, I had not sulked since I was eighteen: I had been kicked in the crotch in a pub fight.’
Jason shared little emotion in his rough macho voice. Dominic thought, wanted to go next; if someone else went ahead; fine. He felt different: not linked to a murder victim.
‘I’m embarrassed.’ Dominic said. ‘I was at the gymnasium in a sauna, hitting on to this nice, gorgeous girl. I touched her legs and even felt her rear end, she yelled at me. I was gawking at her mouth open. When she snapped, I came out of my hormonal state. 
‘A lifeguard came to me, asked me to step out and lectured me and gave me a warning not to do what I did again. The woman screamed at the lifeguard to throw me out. I was asked to leave. I stayed away for months then went back after things blew over, no more dramas. That was fifteen years ago. We were both eighteen.’
Jason and Henry burst into laughter; Dominic wondered if Jason was going to fall out of his chair, or the old guy have a heart attack. He had a quick glance at Sandra and looked away from the woman with a scorned stare ready to pounce like a wild beast. Greg shook his head. Diane and Jenny are speechless.
Jason had forgotten his anger. ‘Horny bastard.’
‘Nothing like the army. Wait it was like the army.’ Henry joked. Jason’s laughter became more hysterical.
‘Shut the fuck up!’ Sandra demanded. She pointed at Dominic: ‘That pervert got off light, he was fucking lucky.’
Dominic agreed there. ‘It was a long time ago. A lesson learned the hard way.’
‘Sometimes lessons can only be learned the hard way.’ Greg said.
Dominic wondered if they would gang up on him, he hoped poor young Jenny would not be frightened, he had to ease their minds.
‘I was a stupid teenager. All of us have committed acts of stupidity. It never ever happened again.’
‘If you learn from your stupidity.’ Diane said. ‘You’ve made a fresh start.’
Dominic expected flak and torments, no one is mocking.
Jason and Henry are settled; Diane a wave of emotional sadness she remembers the tragedy.
‘I didn’t kill an eleven-year-old boy. My husband and I now separated we were having lunch in the park, near by the horror happened, a young boy out with mates playing football, went to the road to retrieve the ball and was hit by a vehicle and killed. One of those awful tragedies you see on the nightly news.
Diane went silent, she did not cry like she had done those years ago, letting the tragedy stay, in the past.
‘I always found it a good idea to recuperate from tragedy faster than a moving bullet Diane. ‘Henry said. ‘Mourn and heal at a fast speed. It’s good for health and morale.’
Seven strangers summoned against their will. No one sensed any potential terror except maybe Jenny. She believed something frightful is planned. The others are irate. Jason the worst of the pissed off. Henry is cool and the others respected that, and he had a way of soothing people with words. 
Dominick glanced at Diane, admiring the old man as some idol or inspiration.  Diane noticed Dominic sneaking glances at her, she is touched. She had forgotten the accusations feeling attracted to Dominic. The other guys were handsome too even Jason who needed a shave and the old man had that old guy movie star attractiveness.
Diane cleared her head of men and focused.
‘It was eight years ago. I do not know if I want children in the future, maybe my ex- had a point in not wanting kids and I did not think. I also hate football, though I never care for sport at all.’
Jenny held Diane’s hand.
‘Not meant to happen to a child.’ Henry said. ‘I met friends lost children in war. Outliving your kid’s children even adopted for that matter is life’s greatest tragedy, that should never happen.'
‘I know.’ Diane said. She thought she might cry but her eyes stayed dry.
Jenny spoke next; her voice sounded like a child instead of a grown up.
‘I hung with the wrong crowd when I was sixteen: I’d left high-school, flunking grade ten as I searched for fun and freedom, I mixed with other teenage under achievers. We smoked pot and did cocaine. I had a good friend, he was my lover, he overdosed and died.’ 
‘After that I kept in touch with my friends. I went straight thanks to rehab and one member of my group who helped me get through the loss of my boyfriend and got me a job at a Hotel in Surfer’s Paradise. Some friends questioned and fined heavily, not me. Police asked me questions took my fingerprints and that was it.
‘My friends and I went drug free. I like to forget those times. The rehab healing process is slow.’
Greg went next; he kept it short and simple like Jenny, who probably had more to tell, yet chose not to, no one pried.
‘I had a falling out with a real estate client. He thought I over charged him and did not like my advice balancing books and business. Sometimes I overcharged depending on the business at hand and I hate being phoned at home, he did that, and I charged him high for that. 
‘I know accountants who do that. Sometimes I charge more, even for those appointments made at short notice. He got angry thought I was robbing him dry. I did not. I went by the book.’
Everyone looked at Greg wondering if there is a loophole in what he says.
‘The client took his business elsewhere and I don’t know how that turned out. He did not commit suicide; he fell off the roof of his house doing a gutter clean-one of those backyard tragedies.’
No emotion in Greg’s voice. He did not sound shocked or concerned. Henry Lindenberg spoke next. He had emotion in his voice; never let his past kick him down.
‘I was once a colonel in the army, and I sent people into battle, including a man who had a crush on the same girl I did, we were early forties? He died in combat; well, it is a dirty job. I had to do it. I married the woman; we still live together in Perth.’
Henry said no more and looked at Sandra.
Sandra is the most pissed off in the group, more so than Jason with his macho anger. Sandra liked to call her own schedules and not be disturbed unless ultimately necessary and when that happened, the financial cost is high. 
Sandra planned for herself most to be paid a sum of money by one responsible for this blackmail and yes, she would even make sure the others were compensated.
‘I hate most men and try to throw the advantage in the woman’s favour if I can. Sometimes I am successful, but I watch I do not step out of line. I lost a case: the man who divorced his wife won; she had to give him everything, I was upset, so was she.
‘Years later I had a fling with a man here in Sydney, meeting at a bar, we were together for a night. His wife died from one of the cancer cruelties, I do not know what type, I met him and comforted the fellow. I have been divorced twice.’ 
She had been beaten up by her first husband; second not violent; they argued non-stop, lots of swear words spoken to each other. She had no desire for marriage. She did not mind the men here, except perverted Dominic who got off too easy. Henry seemed the most pleasant and somewhat handsome in a way for an old guy.
Everyone’s story; emotionally touched each other, except Dominic’s.
‘Were all linked to a dead victim.’ Greg said. ‘Except Dominic. Our host or our abductor knows about something horrible in our pasts. ‘
‘Why blackmail us if we killed no one?’ Diane asked.
‘Where is our fucking host?’ Jason asked. ‘I will send this guy to the emergency room, though I might kill him before the ambulance gets here.’
‘Wise idea, Mr Voss.’
The same sinister cold voice from the audio set up. The guests stared at a tall man entering the dining area.
A tall man appeared, dressed in black formal attire with matching cape, thin dark hair and small dark moustache. Dominic thought he looked like Dracula, not Christopher Lee, Bela Lugosi, Frank Langella, a madman or Dracula wannabe. The ladies thought he had handsome features but were not going to be influenced by his charm.
The stranger’s green eyes had an evil touch easy to be sensed, even Jason felt a slight chill for a tough guy.
The stranger sat at the head of the table. A blonde woman in white dress entered silently and stood next to the man at the head of the table. Her arms and face pale; Jenny thought the girl should hit the beach and get a tan.
The girl moved around, served bowls of Tomato soup with rolls, no complaints. Everyone had his or her beverage; the stranger was not eating or drinking or the girl who left without a smile.
‘She’s perky I must say.’ Jason joked.
Greg faces the stranger and being the most practical, addressed. the issue at hand.
‘Well, what do you have to say? Blackmail? Being accused of murder? I was in the middle of a business deal with a construction company hoping to require my accounting services, now I have been taken away and they have only a short time to find an accountant, thanks to you my company will strike out. What’s the story?’
The stranger with bold stare speaks with a cold calm. His voice chilled everyone. No one ate or drank looking at the tall middle- aged man of youthful appearance.
Diane, Jenny and Sandra felt the man throwing off some charm spell.
‘I am Ramone Starkweather. I give you a choice: two options.’
‘Your threatening demands didn’t give us any choices.’ Henry said. ‘We have been drafted and we do not know why. It’s a first for me being a military man.’
Ramone’s lips made a smear, Jenny shrieked silently.
‘This is no military battle Mr Lindenberg. You are linked to a dead person except Dominic, guilty of sexual harassment is like a crime. I summoned you as well.’
‘Get on with it!’ Jason demanded.
‘You seven are not the first and will not be the last. Sometimes I summon groups odd or even, sometimes one guest.’
‘Blackmailed guest?’ Sandra said angrily.
‘Correct Miss Hopewell.’
‘I am a divorce Lawyer; I have the finance and backing to launch a lawsuit out on you for threatening me and everyone here. You do know no one has committed murder and if they have, how do you gain this information?’
‘Let us say my breed of servants move around the world.’
‘Breed?’ Greg said. An impatient accountant who had been told to relax numerous times by working associates and family; this madman would test his patience, like clients and even family members.
‘Correct, Mr Dawes. I help people with past tragedies: from criminal offences and minor trouble involving sexual harassment.’
The ramblings sprouted by Raymond are something to laugh at but sometimes the ramblings of a demented insane lunatic are serious, even for Raymond.
Sandra coughed; she almost choked on her martini. ‘Sexual Harassment is not minor, had he done that to me, I would take the guy into court and into debt, sue for every penny. He got off light. 
‘I know.’ Raymond said. He gave a charming yet sinister smile in one.
Ramone had limited humour. He had travelled the world and killed victims after they had been blackmailed yet give them options first.
He spoke; interruptions do not bother the tall man.
‘I come from Romania: Bucharest.’
The Romanian spoke clear English; no accent in his voice anyone could detect. He did not look foreign.
‘I won’t give you my whole back story; let us just say one day I made a deal with the Devil himself and the Starkweather family lifestyle changed for the better.
‘We don’t give a flying fuck about your life story.’ Jason said. ‘Enough of all this bullshit and let us leave.’
Ramone immune shows no fear or hatred.
‘You assume you have been blackmailed. Invitations I sent are to make redemption in your lives. I will not send anyone to gaol. My servants can track you down and kill you. 
‘My deal with the devil himself to aid offenders of serious or minor crimes and activities and change lives for the better. This trip will not be a waste. Accept the offer to be recreated into new breeds of people. Simple choices: death or become a vampire.’
‘Fucking Jesus!’ Jason exclaimed. ‘We are summoned here: blackmailed and led on a wild goose chase to be offered the chance to be a vampire? You are so full of bullshit.’
Sandra and Greg feel a rage; others stunned.
‘This doesn’t make sense.’ Dominic said.
‘Should to you Mr Johnson. Your short story with criminals transformed into vampires.’
‘I don’t believe vampires exist in real life.’
‘In the words of your protagonist Dominic: you have to witness the monster to believe in the phenomena.’
‘How do you know so much about us?’ Diane cut in.
‘Servant’s work, days and night, some create more monsters and others handle business matters.’
‘Let me guess.’ Dominic said. ‘Those who work in the day are transfixed to do your bidding under the influence of you and similar breeds, cannot make vampires but have the power of mind control under your influence or someone in your family?’
‘Dominic you are a quick study. Too many books and films.’
 Dominic shrugged, he agreed.
‘I own this building; pay high sums of money to get what I wish. My, daytime accomplices handle business details when I buy a location. I own houses and buildings worldwide. No one can interfere. No stranger can enter unless invited-
‘-Or blackmailed.’ Greg finished.
Nothing offended Ramone not even Sandra threatening with lawsuits. He is a vampire; no one believed it, except Dominic maybe. He admired Dominic, Diane, Jenny and Henry. The other three seemed to not know much as they thought.
‘My daughter, Jody and I have journeyed worldwide. First visit to Australia.’
‘Piss off back to your own country!’ Jason demanded. ‘First let us go!’ 
Jason had no concern for this politically incorrect shit.
‘I assume you have all heard enough.’
‘No shit Sherlock!’ The tall man smirked; Diane stared at Jason.
‘Must you swear?’ Diane said. She had cussed but like her parents hated foul language.
‘You know I do blondie. Ramone has pushed all my anger buttons.’
‘Your rooms are on the second floor, other vampires and daytime servants live in my hotel.’
Everyone including Jason is impressed with Ramone for letting insults just fly off him, the man is indestructible they believed.
Have I been punked? Jenny thought. I am undergoing one of my old drug-trips like I used to experience. Vampires: she wonders if her brain is screwing with her; drugs or not.
‘I have to ask.’ Dominic said. ‘Who owned this building before you?’
Raymond stared at Dominic with a grin, happy to oblige.
‘A bank that relocated in the city, I purchased the building. No authorities can drive me out thanks to my servants I have necessary requirements if you want to investigate go ahead. Vampires eliminate the red tape burden faster than humans.’
Ramone stood up. ‘Death or eternity; I will leave you all to think as you are shown to your rooms.’
Ramone left; Jodie returned.
Diane thought the girl looked disturbed; is interested in seeing if she can provide emotional support.
‘I’ll show you to your rooms.’ Jody murmured. Follow me; do not try to escape, the place is big and no one else is here except my father and I, but if you try anything it will result in death.’
No one made trouble, guests allowed to wander the hotel; they could not escape, all exits are locked, hope there is not a fire Diane thought.  
Diane felt like she wanted to be rude to Ramone, no matter how charming the guy is. She is sweet most of the time. she is pissed off not as much as the others, especially Jason.
*
The guests had their own room: beds, a picture on a wall; closet and television; bathroom and a fridge with glasses and red wine. Rooms have carpet and bed sheets all red and clean. Diane is impressed with the neatness and look of the place that will not be her trap or anyone else’s for too long. 
Diane the last one shown to her room saw Dominic admiring her, he was across from her. She gave him a brief smile then is taken away by Jodie.
‘How do you both like Australia Jodie?’
‘Fine. I will bid you goodnight. Facilities are open for your requirements.’
A rude girl I do not want to rub up the wrong way, Diane thought.
Jenny and Diane whenever they looked at Jody, felt a winter coldness inside them, unlike her father that when you looked at him, he had a twinkle in his eye. Even Sandra would agree he is handsome, though not trustworthy.
‘That’s kind. Thank you.’
Diane gave Jodie a smile; the young girl walked away.
Sandra approached Diane outside her room.
‘You’re a nice girl Barbie doll. I saw you flirt with Dominic. I would be careful. He might not be your Ken Doll.’
Diane had never been called barbie doll before, not that she remembered.
‘I’ll be careful, thanks Sandra.’
‘Men are pretenders Diane who lie to get into our pants.’
‘I won’t deny that Sandra.  A lot of men are also sweet and charming. Dominic might be one of the prince Charming’s in the world.’
‘Well, be careful if he attempts anything stupid let me know.’
Sandra left. Diane sighed and went into her room. She had never been called a barbie doll before. Sandra might be right, but she felt an attraction to the man.
Diane parted the curtains. Giant black glass window nailed shut; air conditioning is fine, though the coolness in the room has an eerie atmosphere she cannot place only feel, did the others feel this? She invited Jenny to stay with her: no; understandable.
Diane with no hate felt a little pissed about this trip. She got over it fast, unlike the others. Ramone is charming and handsome; she believed he could cast a spell of lust over women by staring. He would be a better guy if he did not open ugly doors from people’s pasts and claimed to be a vampire. 
This trip is a goose chase and somehow, we have been suckered, she thinks yet wonders.
Diane wanted to sleep and wake up in her own bed, thoughts drifted back to Raymond, wondering like the others obviously what this madness is all about.
Time to turn in. She opens her suitcase, there is a knock at the door. She worries. Friend or foe let us see. Diane answered and it is Dominic.
‘Hi.’ Dominic said. He sounded relaxed. She finds him attractive wonders if he is the sexual predator he used to be.
‘What can I do for you sir?’
She smiled, even felt a giggle coming on, something she had not done since High school, she felt like child developing her first crush.
‘Red wine in the refrigerator; why don’t we share?’
‘Are you still a horny pervert?’
‘Yes. If you give me permission to be one.’
Diane laughed, he smiled; the thought of vampires had passed.
Dominic and Diane communicated. They worked in Toowoomba supermarkets, liked books and films. Dominic commented they had the same initials.
Their taste in entertainment is different.
‘I’m pathetic.’ Diane said. ‘I read Mills and Boon novels, record television soap operas while I am at work. I enjoy romantic comedies with Julia Roberts. I watched two of those films on TV, poor ex-boyfriend had to watch Pretty Woman and My Best Friend’s Wedding with me, he fell asleep.’
Dominic laughed.
‘Poor guy. I read Stephen King and Ann Rice.’
‘Never read them, I prefer Danielle Steele and Barbara Taylor Bradford.’
‘I’ve never read them, but this situation is like something out of a fictional tale. When I think vampires, I think Dracula and Stephen King’s Salem’s Lot. I’ve lost track of how many times I’ve read those books.’
Dominic could ramble on about this sort of thing but did not: he wanted to score with her. Dominic spoke of the name Bathory: Elizabeth Bathory a countess from the sixteenth century who had a fetish of bathing in the blood of young girls to retain her youth. 
He did not know the full story of what happened to this woman with vampire fetish. Diane did not want to know; maybe Ramone named the hotel in her honour or something like that, she did not care; Dominic planned to ask.
‘There is a novel by Agatha Christie: Ten Little Indians. I do not remember it well, but ten characters are brought together.’ He had her interested and continued to speak.
‘They all have a criminal past of some sort and are killed off one by one until the last two are left standing. The idea is we do not let that happen to us. We need to relax and think of a way to leave.’
‘I forgot to ask Jodie how did the voice over trick works?’ Diane said.
‘I asked her that: Vampires do have technology. Ramone was in a private room with audio equipment. I also asked has anyone tried to invade this place and tear it down. She said yes and perished for it.’
‘Okay.’
Diane is on her second glass that Dominic takes away.
‘I was once a bad boy.’ He spoke. ‘I won’t do that sort of thing again, fondling a girl I had passed her a few times; small flirtations. I behaved myself afterwards. I never saw her again.
‘We were all stupid teenagers learning lessons the hard way.’
‘How about letting me come out of retirement tonight and be a naughty boy.’
Prepared for rejection, he would walk out, hit onto her another time, different approach. She did not kick him out.
Diane smiled at him, and both make this uncalled trip worthwhile.
*
Time to leave Jason is not sticking around this madhouse, I am going, and I will kill anyone who gets in my way.
He searches the room, no cutlery; he swears; these freaks are clever hiding weapons, never mind.
Jason grabs his suitcase and walks out, scans the corridor. No one, if anyone gets in the way he will deal with them.
He walks out down a stairway of red carpeting; it made him laugh. If Jason found something expensive to hock, he would take it, get some cash.
Jason went to the reception area, lights on everywhere. He walked to the black sliding doors, unable to see out, if he could open them then be outside among regular mad civilisation.
He tried to pry the doors apart, too heavy. He looks around the hotel, he would break the glass that is when he sees Jodie Starkweather, she entered without sound.
‘Open these fucking doors!’
‘Blasphemy.’ Jodie murmured.
‘Fuck you!’
He tries to pry the doors open. Never a superhero when you need one, he thinks. Jody’s eyes no longer brown but a blazing green. He is silent, transfixed under her influence. Jason stands mouth agape. Jodie walks over, her mouth opens; top and bottom sharp incision teeth wish to embrace blood and remove that foul tongue.
Jodie touches Jason’s shoulders and strokes his unshaven face. He stands still and Jody’s mouth finds his.
She pulls back, Jason is screaming without sound. He falls to the floor kicking his arms and legs about. To the side of him on the floor: his severed tongue. She had removed the man’s tongue with her fangs.
Blood from Jason’s mouth onto the red carpet. Jason rolled around hysterically. Jodie stands and watches, she will not smile but finds amusement in watching this foul mouth man have his swearing tongue removed. Jodie snapped Jason’s neck around and removed the body.
*
Henry Lindenberg found a small library in the office behind the reception area, he thought he would browse and maybe indulge.
A desk, chairs and filing cabinet in the office. A bookcase of non-fiction. Horror subjects filled up the shelf, there was vampire fiction, including Dracula and Stephen King’s Salem’s Lot, Dominic would have enjoyed it down here.
He was not fond of horror, preferred Tom Clancy’s military thrillers plus Fredrick Forsyth, Jack Higgens and Ken Follet’s Eye of The Needle, he read in one sitting, his eyes were not strong as they used to be, that novel he shot through in a day.
Tomorrow Henry would try to leave and persuade others to follow. He feels tired coming all this way from Perth on a trip to what seemed like an insane asylum. The alcoholic drinks here made him feel happy and tired, but always did a little reading before turning in.
Henry walked out of the office and is startled by Ramone Starkweather in front of him. He is not afraid but trembles, Ramone looks irate; he has something behind his back.
Henry is ready to fight if must, remembering his army battles, not fit as he used to be. He knew when danger could strike. The old military man did not see the swinging axe that swung in the air and severed the head.
Henry’s head flew to the side and over the reception desk onto the floor. The corpse sprayed blood from the neck as the body collapsed.
Ramone smiles, revealing his fangs; some planned escape, able to foresee like his daughter. He knows another will enter Greg Dawes stands at the bottom of the stairway. He cannot speak; he stands gaping in shock at Henry’s headless corpse.
Ramone moves towards Greg; not there. A wolf, grey hair and yellow blazing eyes runs and charges onto Greg unable to dodge the beast.
The wolf leaps knocking Greg backwards and pins him to the ground. He tries to grip the jaw to stop the wolf’s bite. He gets his face clawed in the process.
Greg’s scream not loud enough to wake anyone, they would be too late anyway: the beast is greater than the man in this battle. The wolfs paws make wavy blood lines down the facial flesh.
Greg removes his hands away from the monster’s mouth trying to grab its paws. The beast’s teeth rip into the throat and the struggle is over.
*
Sandra Hopewell wakes early next morning: she hits the showers and washes herself. Always important to be clean be it a workday or not and she took pride in her appearance.
Sandra closed her eyes standing under the spray, when she opened them, she screamed: Jodie Starkweather is here with her in her white dress now soaked. she has traces of blood on her lips; Sandra does not think about that; she wants the lesbian pervert to leave.
‘Fuck off!’ Sandra screamed.
Jodie’s eyes sparkled green. Sandra relaxed, dropped the soap and fell under Jodie’s trance. Jodie opened her mouth to reveal her razor fangs for Sandra to see and feel.
*
Jenny Voss woke early; almost daylight and she plans to head to the kitchen, feeling hungry even at this time of the morning if she just relaxed, she would be safe and not get killed. Her thoughts vanished as she arrived at the bottom of the stairs facing reception and a severed head. Jenny still in a nightie and her hair untidy is wide awake and screaming.
She leans on the stair railing, gasping non-stop, then notices a mutilated corpse with no face and neck in a pool of crimson liquid.
Another scream: she runs up the stairs calling for Diane. She knows the room and bangs on the door with her fists.
Please be alive, she prayed.
Diane stepped out of her room with Dominic beside her with robes on, she did not bother to think why they were together.
Jenny fell into Diane’s arms and wept.
‘Diane said. ‘What is it?’
She gasped unable to speak.
‘Downstairs.’
Dominic moved down the corridor, he shrieked when he was at the bottom of the staircase. He ran back up went into the room where Diane sat next to Jenny on the bed, she had gotten dressed, he did the same as he mentioned the two corpses’ downstairs. Diane now looks frightened as Jenny did.
He locked the door and paced the room.
‘There’s a dead body downstairs.’ He spoke.
‘No.’ Diane said. She shivered shedding tears.
‘Vampires or twisted lunatics; we need to find the others and get out of here.’
Dominic is not no tough guy; nerves try to break his concentration. He had never seen a murdered human before. It is frightening; he manages wiping a tear from the eye tries to work out this situation.
Jenny’s no longer weeping able to look up at Dominic.
‘What are we going to do?’ Jenny asked.
‘I don’t know.’ He spoke. He managed to keep cool with difficulty.
I love horror fiction and now I am in it and have no idea what to do, he thought.
Jenny stayed close to Diane moving slowly behind Dominic, walking down the corridor and down the steps. Diane wanted to scream, turned her head away from the macabre sights, so did the others. Diane weeps clinging too Dominic.
He went into the restaurant, back into the kitchen, everything clean, from the cookers to the preparation areas and utensils, good for deadly weapons. Dominic grabbed a long silver kitchen knife, sharp shining blade and meat cleaver, murder weapon popular in horror fiction.
‘Precaution.’ He spoke.
‘Listen.’ Diane said, voice still pleasant but her tone a little higher than regular. ‘Don’t try to be a hero, let us see if we can break out of here and get the authorities to help us.’
‘I want to see Ramone, if he’s a vampire then I’ll have to kill, or more will be summoned to this place and be offered death or life.’
Dominic took Ramone more serious-unlike others-non-believer in the supernatural, yet somehow, he felt like Van Helsing, pursuing Dracula.
‘I don’t like it, Dominic.’ Diane said.
‘Same here.’
The three frightened guests backtracked to the floor where their rooms are, then Dominic suggested the top floor and they rode the elevator up.
‘Could be anywhere.’ Dominic said. ‘Head vampire sleeps on the top floor of his kingdom.’
The ladies ignore his joke. He does not feel humorous anyway.
Top floor of red carpeting and rooms, one door up ahead opened, the three feels coldness cross over their hearts: Ramone or someone is in there, they sense it.
When they look in the room, they are right: Ramone lies asleep on a single bed above the covers so peaceful, where the only light is a lamp by the bedside.
Dominic entered, armed with the knife, Jenny the cleaver. Diane watched with fascination as Dominic used the knife to get a reflection of a man with no image.
Dominic felt afraid and the urge of panic is in him and the other two. Dominic believed if they stayed close than there is safety in group numbers. 
Jenny looked into the corridor; Jody Starkweather stands opposite, her eyes blazed. Jenny raised the cleaver. Jody hissed, blood on her fangs. Jenny moves, before Diane or Dominic can act, the two young girls are in the elevator.
Jenny has toughened up quickly. I have not, Diane thought.
They forget Jenny focusing on Ramone.
Ramone sits up turns his head; he looks at Dominic. Giant hands close around Dominic’s throat, he pushes the knife against Ramone’s breast choking losing his grip. Diane can grip the knife, her hands on, Dominic’s.
Diane felt weak like the other two locked up with monsters. She felt Dominic’s hands sweating helping the knife plunge down, the tip of the blade rips the shirt penetrating the left chest area. Dominic able to breath, hands no longer round his neck, due to Diane’s help. The blade less than a quarter of the way into the body.
Ramone sits up trying to remove the knife from his chest. 
Dominic places his hands around Ramone’s throat and pushes him back, so he is lying on the bed. Dominic’s hands close on Diane’s hands as she grips the knife handle and together, they push the blade through material into tissue through the chest, the whole blade is buried inside the vampire’s body through the heart.
Ramone screams arms outstretched lying on the bed. His arms waving around frantically then collapses as he dies.
Dominic and Diane catching their breath watch what is an illusion in fascination: Ramone falls into an endless sleep, his body fades to dust disappears materialising into invisibility.
‘Jenny.’ Diane said.
They could not leave: Sandra Hopewell stood in the doorway a different woman: vampire.
*
Jenny and Jody wrestled in the elevator, Jody the strongest pinning Jenny against the corner. Jenny gripped the cleaver unable to use it as she slashed hitting nothing, not even touching Jody.
The elevator stopped and started; Jenny wanted out after being bumped about by Jody. The lift opened; Jody tossed Jenny out. She had a soft landing on the carpet, the impact took its toll. She dropped the cleaver in flight. She sees it land by a glass coffee table.
Jenny moves towards it and is knocked down by Jody leaping through the air at Jenny.
Jody’s body hits Jenny’s shoulders and chest; both fall through the coffee table, breaking the expensive antique into fragments.
Jenny’s back breaks the glass, glad her head did not hit.
Jody stands looking at Jenny sitting up looking for a weapon, a sharp jagged piece of thick glass would do. Jenny sore in so many places; she still manages to focus through the painful battle.
Jody paces, her top fangs over her lower lip, Jenny does not want to look. She stands holding a jagged piece of broken glass careful not to injure herself keeping her flesh off sharpness and moves towards Jody who’s, eyes light up. 
Jenny takes advantage: she plunges the jagged glass into the girl’s throat. Blood sprayed out onto Jenny. She pulled the glass out of the skin then plunged it in a second time. Jody screams, blood coagulating out of her mouth and neck.
If she had hypnotised me then I might not have survived, Jenny thought.
Jenny steps away as Jody falls onto her knees and collapses in a pool of blood. Jenny feels sore and relieved when Jody is sprawled down dead. She heads to the elevator in search of the other two.
She took the lift to the top floor, no stops on the way. She is back where she had separated from the others. She steps out and the door to the room is open.
She trembles and hopes the others are here. She does not want to go into the room. She wants to know if they are here.
Jenny sulks and gets it together. She is thankful she is not on drugs anymore: Jody might have killed her.
It is dark inside except for the bedside lamp shedding light. She paused in the doorway and screamed: Dominic’s corpse lied on the bed; shirt torn open, two women on him, drinking blood from the flesh, sharp teeth incisions all over the chest.
The two women look up, they hiss. Diane and Sandra. Sandra is naked, being cornered in the shower, Diane is dressed, both different, one true friend and man hating divorce lawyer have fangs for teeth and their eyes a dark crimson.
Jenny is cornered before she can think of running. Glowing red eyes of Sandra and Diane look into Jenny’s terrified weeping eyes.
Jenny is in a trance, no fear, her eyes no longer watering, last tear shed.
‘Free from the evil of mankind’s perverse world.’ Sandra said. Voice sounded as she had a lisp, speaking through hissing sounds.
Diane walks over to Jenny; her blonde hair blonder than she last remembered seeing it. She stroked Jenny’s face.
Sandra approached Jenny.
‘A new race Jenny.’ Sandra hissed. ‘
‘Join us, Jenny.’ Diane said. ‘Lives of eternal freedom. We will live here; venture out into the night.’
Sandra and Diane moved in surrounding Jenny who smiles looking into Diane’s eyes as both ladies Fangs buried themselves into her neck.
Jenny welcomed the embrace.
Seven invitations led to seven downfalls. Three out of seven have embraced a new lifestyle.
THE END
*
THE TWO BLACKOUTS
*
The evening with friends would be an event Annie Hurst would remember long as she lived.
Annie the silent loner who hung out with yuppy friends, she enjoyed. Annie is envious and desires to have the wealth they do. All her friends had explained to Annie they had worked from the bottom up. She wondered if any of the male or females is telling fibs. 
Annie a nice young woman with goals: a crime writer like Patricia Cornwell, Sue Grafton, desired for greatness and wondered what level she would have to resort to in order to gain success.
Five people; one lies dead in John Foster’s dining room, after first blackout of the evening. An evening one individual would look back on with joy.
John Foster: doctor-of-medicine; had four friends to dinner. Rodney McDougall, Lawyer. Sally Roche, travel consultant. Annie Hurst, checkout operator in a supermarket; calls herself the underdog of the group with no university or college education.
The victim is police officer Martin Symons.
The group had been friends since high school, late twenties unmarried but with partners with high salaries except Annie who dates a low-income manual labourer. Once a month the five friends reunite either at someone’s home, restaurant or pub, no reason, just something they did.
John always smiled; never tried to make his patients hurry, getting to know them physically and emotionally. Rodney has light humour great social skills. not a great expert in knowing a good joke when he hears one. 
Sally loved her job: travel reporter with a bubbling personality even after jet lag. Travel for a living is living the dream but not always, she would tell everyone. 
Annie, the silent one is okay with her job no ambitions grateful to dine with her high-class friends, they are richer than she is, little envy. Martin now ex-cop tough and fair being his job had protected innocents and overcame numerous criminals until tonight.
Annie is the most relaxed during the crisis that unfolded. The yuppies, according to Annie use financial advantage to conquer their burdens, not that she would say so.
The five friends respected in society had occasional differences of minor issues in the past, never anything major until now where dinner is at the doctor’s home around an expensive rectangular table with beverages, glasses and utensils and a beef roast.
The group discuss their week of the pleasantries and miseries, mad laughter among the group and the occasional snicker from Annie and Rodney.
The lights go out ceasing the fun. No one can see. John assumes a fuse. The lights turn on again everyone stands except Martin. Gasps all around, except Sally who screams.
John examined the body: dead but how? Annie was the one closest to Martin. John made the examination: nothing can be done. Everyone shocked gets a grip.
‘I didn’t hear anything.’ Annie said. She is in tears being comforted by Sally also weeping.
Why would anyone kill Martin? Everyone wondered.
 All speechless looking among one another; friendship taking a turn for the worst wondering who to trust and fear. They all strongly hold it together, even distraught Annie able to settle.
No one wants to suspect each other: being trustworthy friends for years. Now the group wonder if there is a murderer in their midst.
‘None of us hated Martin.’ Annie said. 
The lights went out again.
Another blackout, the women screamed. Rodney cursed.
Sally screamed: someone bumped into her.
The lights came on. Annie and Rodney faced each other. Sally and John sprawled next to each other on the floor dead, no blood or bruises.
Two murders in two blackouts went planned for Rodney, who smiled at Annie. Rodney had his hand held out: a small fire burned in his palm, a centimetre flame of orange. Annie gasped and stared at Rodney who smiles, it is rare for him to flash his pearly whites.
‘It’s just you and me Annie.’
Annie cannot breathe or move; she is slack jawed.
‘I hate lawyer jokes, they mocked me, since High school I was bullied by Martin before we became friends after all my screeching to the principal.’
Rodney disappeared and reappeared. The illusion is real for the sceptical and atheist Annie. He proved himself fast, before she could taunt and mock. She is frightened and impressed.
‘I touched them on the neck they choked for two seconds and ended their lives in an instant. I made the blackouts happen. I like you Annie you can have wealth and we can own a house on the beach. Join me or remain with the paupers. 
‘I will not command you. Say no, I kill you. A short darkness and I move and kill. I sold my soul for wealth, by thinking it. I made the blackouts happen at will. The devil has my soul.’
'What fucking bullshit!' She grabbed a small silver cutting knife of the table keeping her eyes locked on Rodney’s. Without thought Annie went for her old friend.
‘Be gone!’ she screamed.
Rodney held his arms out: two miniature flames blazed in his palms.
Annie moved first and plunged the knife into the centre of Rodney’s chest. The servant of Satan failed to take the woman: he cannot foretell his fate.
Rodney screamed and disappeared in seconds just like the two blackouts Annie steps back and looks around sulking heavily.
Jesus Christ what the fuck just happened here, she wondered. Her battle with Rodney is like a fast climax in an old movie, she thought.
Annie wanted to leave. Getting a grip, she wiped her fingerprints of the knife.
It is early evening, lights on in houses; no people she can see. If I need to explain anything, I better think of something and play dumb, she thought.
Annie made it home after driving to a near-by phone booth-she did not use her mobile: she could be traced so did her best to clean her fingerprints and leave.
Annie drives back to her boy-friend’s apartment, he is asleep while she sits and sulks for several minutes. When the waterworks are finished, she goes inside feeling better and able to focus.
She strips off and climbs into bed waking up her boyfriend.
‘Hi beautiful, he says. ‘Any of your friends have anything interesting to say.’
‘One guy did. Rodney: he said that to achieve great wealth and own a house on the beach. You must sell your soul to the devil. Not those exact words but that is the gist of it.' She said with sarcasm.
He snickered. ‘Whatever. If there is a Satan and you see him, I might think of selling my soul for a couple of million.’
Annie lied awake eyes open, impressed with herself: put the tragedy behind fast and move on to kill Rodney. She is not stunned only surprised by how fast two blackouts and murders happened and Rodney departing quick after a stab. Annie is not distraught; plans to forget and move on. She will go to the funerals and mourn.
She cut and ran after eliminating all evidence hopefully. Annie loved them all, Rodney had a crush on her she never noticed. She did not believe Rodney the sour puss would resort to murder.
Selling his soul to the devil? Annie remains an atheist.
She thought I have no phenomenal beliefs but if there is a Satan that can make me rich and powerful. I’d sell my soul like Rodney claimed he did.’
Fucking hell what an evening, Annie thought. Murders committed by a Lawyer with little personality and strange satanic powers.
*
Weeks later Annie Hurst did research and tracked down Rodney McDougall’s satanic cult and voluntarily sold her soul for great power.
Annie had to kill someone to achieve the gift Rodney possessed. That evening in the lounge watching a Big Bang Theory rerun. Annie thought: the apartment blacked out. He wondered what happened then the lights came on again.
‘Pay your electrical bill.’ He joked.
The smile faded; Annie stood before him holding a cutting knife. Another Blackout followed by screams. Lights turned on. Annie looks down at her boyfriend with the handle of a knife sticking out of his neck. 
Her eyes blazed red.
THE END
*
THE DARK WOLVES
*
Two gorgeous swimsuit models slaughtered. I know this better than anyone.
Jenny Moore and Tania Rhine swimsuit models, I worked with here in Sydney. Jenny was first; four weeks ago, she had been doing an early morning photo shoot at sunset on Manly Beach in front of the ocean. She made many lovely shots standing up and lying on the beach. 
After it was time to leave: her beauty no longer remained intact, she turned down a ride with the photographer, being picked up by a friend who was late and found the body. She had been attacked from behind, Jenny had made a struggle.
The scene of the crime, well it is like a horror film, her flesh ripped open, body covered in blood, slashes over her leg’s arms and torso, her neck had a portion of flesh torn out.
Werewolves and models are what I am rambling about.
Tania Rhine murdered outside her apartment on the city outskirts, living with her boyfriend who found a mutilated body outside the front door. Neighbours heard a scream at one in the morning, then silence and a headless body. 
Tania’s body lied on the doorstep, the head lied on the driveway outside the unit complex, blood flowed from the neck area, the boyfriend out at a work party with friends came home and saw the macabre sight.
Tania waiting up late for her partner stepped out, she must have wanted outside air or heard some movement, whatever, she cannot say; the neighbours were asleep. Other neighbours were questioned: no one noticed anything. The boyfriend turned up as tenants woke to a screaming: a traumatized lover, poor guy.
I admit I am no socialist with models I prefer being a loner, but I did not hate them and if I did, I would not wish something like this on them.
The ironic thing is both Jenny and Tania had their bikinis on. Jenny two-piece orange and Tania one-piece pink. Jenny had finished a shoot and had not time to dress before she was killed, I do not know why Tania was dressed in a suit at midnight, probably weird private foreplay thing between her and the boyfriend.
I remember doing a shoot with Tania who kept lecturing me to get a boyfriend, I did not want one and I refused her offer to play matchmaker; she meant well, I had more laughs with Jenny less of a busy body. Now two model colleagues are two dead busy bodies.
I gained so much information by newspapers and television, the internet, though I do not watch the news often, now with the killings of two women I work with for the same company, well I cannot help but watch. Jenny was 19; Tania 20.
The company I work for hires models between 18 and 25. We model for various catalogues, advert pages in magazines, tourism magazines, been on billboard signs, I have not, nor have I been in any commercials on television though I know others who have? 
I am the oldest at 24. Modelling focuses on youth instead of middle age unless your world famous like some big shot ladies I know are famous over this country while others come and go getting married or regular jobs; some work and model to make plenty of money like me.
I work in a fruit store; some customers talk to me about my work. I signed some autograph pictures of myself in catalogues and magazines for male perverts. Modelling, it has been a dream since I was seventeen, I will take any modelling jobs clothes or not but will make sure people and mad perverts watch their step.
I am a swimsuit model now afraid that like Jenny and Tania I could be killed and lose the girlhood dream.
Sydney born and bred, you get crime here like anywhere in the world, I never thought in my life people I worked with murdered, good women though I never socialize, still I grieve for the victims and pray for families like anyone else would. My condolences sure though the parents need to move on.
Sophie Dawkins, beautiful late forties worked at the fruit shop with me, she had been there several years and looked too young to be almost fifty with attractive features and lovely long brunette hair. 
I do not desire friends though with Sophie I always made an exception for when she invited me to go out and have fun. She is married, two children that I met once. Sophie and I liked to go to the beach or to a bar for martinis.
Don Webber my landlord, early fifties, grey in the hair still handsome and is a pleasure to say hello to when you pass him in the street, not all about the money. I do pay rent on time, so I bet he likes me.  
Don seriously is generous to get along with. I think that the killer is someone you always least expect like a crime tale; somebody like Don or Sophie. I can never believe that ever. They did not know any of the models I worked with.
I had lunch with Sophie in the city outside a restaurant dining area, where I viewed circular Quay where Ferry is sailed from and the Opera house with it is white shaped roofing and the harbour bridge. Traffic and pedestrians went about their business, like Sophie and me.
‘Marsha.’ Sophie said to me. ‘Maybe you should stay with someone until this killer is found.’
I wanted to say to Sophie I feel pity for this killer.  I do not think that would go down well.  I did feel a respect for this killer. Good advice, I did not want to live with anyone except when I have a one-night stand with some guy, and we spend the evening together.
‘I’ll be on my guard. I do not go out at night, except if I have a date, though with the death of two models, I think I’ll stay away from guys for the moment.’
Sophie’s concern for my well-being is flattering.
‘I hope you haven’t been put off modelling Marsha.’
‘No one including me has been put off yet.’
Sophie and I agreed Sydney attracts all types of criminals like other big cities.
We talked about the murders. We wondered could this be new Jack the Ripper or some madman with an evil monster fetish after one-to-many Horror films, I like that type of films especially werewolves those are my favourite demons.
I have always enjoyed fiction and non-fiction about demons.
First film I saw was The Wolf Man from the early nineteen forties, where trick photography was the special effect, then the effects got better with my two favourite horror films: The Howling where a reporter turns into a werewolf on live TV and Ginger Snaps about a young attractive girl with the power to be a werewolf. 
These murders are like something out of a werewolf film, with their gruesome mutilations that I am responsible for. I am a werewolf. I Marsha Miller killed those girls and I go about my business being cool and pretending to be scared in front of my friends. I am an everyday worker with a power few of us possess.
Next day I did a studio shot against a back wall with Stephanie Nolan a pretty, Brunette aged twenty-three, we wore one-piece pink bikinis as we smiled for the camera touching our hair and hugging each other. 
Greg Patterson late thirties unshaved and needed a haircut, wore terrible looking clothes: our dork photographer. If ever you wanted to meet a real fruitcake, then meet Greg.
Greg listened to cricket and golf on the radio, liked television commercials and that awful hip-hop music. He gambled on the pokies and races a lot, he enjoyed the pub crowd, that is fine, but boy is he a hobo looking fellow, when was the last time he bathed.
Stephanie and I did our shots and went to the dressing room. There were only three of us in the building’s studio on this floor and therefore no one heard Stephanie scream except me. Stephanie worked in a bank recently married, she is nice, stiff shit. I just killed Stephanie. She had not changed out of her swimsuit when I attacked.
The murder of Stephanie Nolan made the news, papers mentioned mutilation comparing my deeds to Jack the Ripper. I am now being branded a serial killer cool. Three models’ dead, more to come and not necessarily models. I made sure no one saw me leave any spot I killed as I left fast-as a woman not a monster.
I took all me belongings, as for prints. I am not human when I kill, if I left any fingerprints at the studio. I will go into utter denial. I can be traced, but my creature cannot be. that means if the wolf that is me cannot be autopsied or traced, then neither can the human side that did not kill.
I must be aware of hunters and lynch mobs, technology could ruin everything, I better not be too positive.
I belong to a secret cult known as The Dark Wolves, a society of several people who unite once a week and worship Satan our God, we are the Anti-Christ’s and our missions come from the devil himself according to our leader. I have not witnessed him summon the Devil himself, but I sense he tells the truth.
If I went public with a story like this, I would be locked up though I would maybe break out. 
No wonder secret organisations always use the word “secret” a lot, this is not the sort of madness that goes public: Hey honey or whatever you call someone you live with; just going out to a satanic conference with my friends.
The Dark Wolves (Cool name for a group or a heavy metal band) we often meet at midnight every Tuesday night at one of the secluded beaches outside the city too far to walk, a black van picks us up from our homes takes us to the rendezvous. We always remain inconspicuous and choose a weeknight over a weekend. 
This is a beautiful beach and peaceful, it still gets tourists all year round, but at night while everyone sleeps the Wolves come out to play. If someone saw us on the beach hidden; then we kill and mutilate as we have done before.
I was picked up the following Tuesday.  I met with my charming friend’s mid night at the beach hidden out of sight surrounded by trees behind us and no buildings or lights anywhere except for the bonfire on the beach. We all wear dark robes and hoods over our clothing sit in a circle, the moon and stars provide light.
The group consisted of people aged twenty to sixty, there was an old man and a lady with white hair, they looked good, the rest of us are middle aged and young. Our leader is forty something and he is the satanic master who can really communicate with Satan and passes on what he has been told. How he speaks to the Devil I do not know.
Be awesome if the next Paranormal Activity-I love those movies-had werewolves in it plus witches. My taste is cool; my brain demented. I seriously do wish for the Paranormal Activity franchise to continue.
Our leader spoke in his threatening tone of voice, and we listened: ‘Lord Satan is satisfied our society has increased. However, the numbers need to rise higher to allow our lord the prince of darkness into this universe.’ He stood still on the one spot just moving his head, but he knows those behind like us in front always listen.
‘Born into the world different, not baptized or blessed in any religious manner, Satan knows us, our brains have been made to serve him with knowledge. We renounce God and be one with the anti-Christ.
‘Marsha Miller has dispatched three of our enemies, while the rest of you travel the country and make our organisation strong with the power of advertising in secret silence, groups have gathered in other cities and towns. I repeat the number must increase to open the gates of hell on planet earth.’
Charming, I thought in amusement, sounded like a corny film with Satanists but do not mock us, this is real life not a corny movie. This is my organisation I joined three years ago, when I received a visit from our leader one night as I was staying at Bondi Beach outside the CBD and all I was doing was having an early evening stroll. 
When I saw him, I was not scared; all my life I have been a Satanic admirer.
Churches always made me miserable and sad just by looking at them, like the kid in the first Omen movie except no temper tantrums, my family were not religious fanatics. Whatever lives outside our universe I believe the Devil is better: he allows people to have fun while God sits on his ass and watches the innocent suffer.
I will not discuss everyone in my group, except my leader and me. I will tell how I became a werewolf, killing models in bikinis, first the subject of werewolves: Lycanthropy means to change from a human into a werewolf.
According to the tales, a person changes into a werewolf during a full moon, but for me it happens when I want it to. I was not bit by another werewolf to become like this or sell my soul during a visit with the devil. 
I have no brain damage. I go through the metamorphosis with pleasure and pain as my body changes. Hair grows over my skin, fingers and toes turn into claws and my face protrudes outwards as I turn into an animal, I remove my clothes, when I am the monster. I know who I am and when I am myself, I remember what I did.
There are weird cults over the world. I am a member of a killer werewolf society here in my hometown.
I had a normal family upbringing, none of us religious. I kept it secret that I was a Satanist. I made friends on the streets, all weird ones who come out at nights. 
The leader who is none other than my landlord Don Webber, a Satanist himself never having married visited me at home, he had a psychic gift to tell who lived where and group Dark Wolves material and those who did not.
An only child, I did not know I had this power until Don visited me and he told me I was born as a normal child with a special gift, no one could see, until one day when he had a vision of me and a monster. I do not know Don’s past; I know he communicates with a superior from beyond the universe that we hope to let in.
Don has visions on and off and he told me how to use the power, I remember he’s exact words: ‘You stand out Marsha, power to use anytime you desire. bring out the werewolf, you can make it happen and our enemies perish with you all the time. 
‘Born into the world a normal child. I always knew I had visions to perceive the friend from the nemesis, recently I saw you and the wolf.’
Funny thing is when he spoke, I liked it, I do not think he rambled though it sounded like it, I took his advice and asked how will I unleash the wolf?
‘The power of your mind: shut all your thoughts into the darkness and see only the monster and the beast are unleashed.’
Don and I spoke for over an hour on demons, but he spoke about our enemies. These were models I worked with. My reaction was “What!” I could not believe gorgeous ladies who were models and wore bikinis member of church groups over Sydney. 
Nudity I thought was a sin, what a weird world we live in. Christian women and models rolled into one. I will kill them to stop them from keeping out the forces of evil. 
Don told me a lot that night and next evening I joined his society, I had to swear an oath of secrecy, did not have to cut myself and mix my blood with someone else’s, though I would do it. I have been with Don’s group for years, recently he told me to kill the swimsuit models. I was glad to oblige.
I have never feared wrong type of crowds as well as the right crowd, Satanists are strong; I enjoyed my group. No killings, unless someone wanted out, they would be killed somehow, that has not happened…yet.
What goes on: the leader speaks on how events are going with the Society over Australia and sex orgies on the beach, I have had many men and even several women.
I am a model, work in a fruit shop and in secret I am a werewolf, what a life. Stephanie had a family; they will recover but she posed a threat to others. Stephanie is a true Christian and can bring suffering to the Dark Wolves…maybe.
I did a modelling shot three days after Stephanie’s death; I wore a two-piece black bikini. We did our shots in a hotel swimming pool getting wet from head to toe, models complain about wet hair, I do not care either way, nor the blonde, twenty-two-year-old, beside me.
Lillian, the girl’s name; I was naked in the dressing room; she showered with her swimsuit on. I walked in touched her face, I even planted a kiss on her lips, water spraying us both.
She pulled back and complained.
‘Marsha! What the fuck are you doing?’
‘You are so sexy.’ I spoke.
I stood over her, she was cornered.
‘Be a good girl.’ I whispered.
I made it happen blank my mind out, visualise the wolf and I fall to me knees, I experience pain in my arms, back, legs, and face as I change. I hold back the scream and let it happen.
Hair appeared all over my nude body. Dryness in my chest. My eyes became bloodshot and inflamed. Hands and claws became gnarled and claw like. This took a short time. Lillian transfixed looking at me. The beast before her is me, I am taller able to fit into the cubicle.
Lillian is about to scream until I slash vertically across her throat. Blood pours down her neck and breasts mixing with the shower water running down the drain. I do not rip the body apart this time, I must leave before someone comes.
I kneel on all fours, relax and I shrink, the hair leaves my skin inside to my body. Fingers and toes go back to normal appearance and my face changes. This is like before; except I am changing into a human not a monster and I go through the same symptoms vice versa.
It sounds weird to always kill a woman in a bikini, but my boss has his orders from the Prince of Darkness himself for me to do this, I do not know why, just a Demented superior’s weird way of doing things; fine.
I got away with it: the shoot was not known to the public that Lillian and I did. We were near the hotel gymnasium, it was evening, guests were asleep or out. Twenty minutes later Lillian was discovered by a night worker.
I killed being cool. I was questioned by police and cooperated I pretended to be scared, I even made myself look like I was crying by splashing lots of water on my face, splashing my pupils.
I was questioned then let go, I said I left before she did. My secret is still safe, no evidence of me committing murder.
*
I met Sophie Dawkins next day and she told me something that made me worry. We broke for lunch from work and ate near the Opera House and Harbour view area.
‘We might be in danger Marsha.’
Sophie was one of several who made up the Secret Wolves, saw news of arrests on the news. The society over Australia discovered and arrested. The organisation closed: a betrayer spilled everything. 
‘Brisbane. Melbourne. Toowoomba. Cairns. Broome was where the other cults reigned and now, they had been busted and arrested for Devil worshipping, secret hideouts indoors and outdoors discovered.
The one in Sydney was discovered and all were arrested except Sophie and I last week. 
Two of us left early before the others we wanted to get some hours’ sleep before work in a few hours. Everyone else stayed longer and the police showed up. People were picked up from secluded beaches and country houses way out of the nearest CBD. All groups had a leader and he or she was arrested.
‘The society has an informer.’ Sophie said.
Scared of being busted, I might give up my job and move to a place like Western Australia. My family is dead: I killed them a year ago. I loved them sure, but I serve the lord of darkness and welcome a greater higher calling in life. I will hold of killing after I eliminate the final member who is a model like me.
‘What about Don Webber? ‘I asked.
‘He was arrested, still in custody among hundreds of others.
Sophie did not sound scared despite being a member. No one knew us and there was no need for anyone to go to jail, except me for killing those girls.
‘We better remain calm.’ I spoke. ‘Meet together tonight Sophie and discuss more in private about our next move.’
Sophie accepted but why is she so relaxed and I am so worried apart from the fact I am a killer perfect at covering her tracks so to speak. Sophie did not sweat.
Janine Harper, twenty-one went back to Greg Patterson’s place late one evening, outside the city. Greg and Janine went inside. I snuck into their yard as a wolf on all fours not busted, if I had then people would think I am some stray mutt, nice hey ha-ha. 
Greg had been having an affair with Janine for months when his wife went out of town on business errands, I had not met her, but I know for a fact she can do better than this bozo.
Greg’s house was in a steady suburb, he had no neighbours for several blocks. I went into action, sprang through the glass window into the lounge room, where Greg and Janine in her tight two-piece blue bikini entertained the slob-she can do better-with an erotic lap dance.
Janine jumped; Greg stared. I stood on my feet and faced Greg, I swiped at his head, the claws sharp had severed the head from the neck. It flew over the sofa onto the floor.
Janine screamed. I jumped her, tearing her facial flesh, coagulating blood until her face was no more. I left her body and snuck out after I changed back to myself. I gathered my clothes and felt good.
I had done the dark lord’s work. There are thousands of Christians who need to be wiped out worldwide and I had been ordered to clean up my own corner of the world.
I arrived back to my unit in my suburb before midnight. I saw Sophie Dawkins, I thought was my best friend. She heard me come in and stood in my, lounge room with two policemen. I didn’t see a car parked anywhere.’
‘Marsha Miller.’ One officer said. ‘We arrest you for the murders of…’
I stood gawking at Sophie while one officer handcuffed me the other mentioned my victims then read me my rights. I kept my eye on Sophie: she had betrayed The Dark Wolves turning herself in and hopefully get off real light.
‘Why?’ I asked.
‘I realized after a short period of time.’ Sophie said. ‘I was with the wrong crowd. I no longer want to be a Satanist. I am a wife and mother. I informed the authorities of the cult.’
Sophie did not sound happy but not sad either. Trust me to meet the one who would betray the cult; Sophie did not mention werewolves?
I will not be arrested. I made the wolf come out. Sophie and the policemen backed away and stared mesmerised at my transformation that happened fast. I stood up right and used the claws and delivered a vertical slash across the necks of the two cops, blood gushing outwards running down their work shirts.
Sophie screamed as the two men fell. She turned her eyes in shock. I grabbed her head and snapped it with a crack right the way round. She fell, I prevented the fight with someone I once admired.
I cleaned the mess, dumped the bodies wrapped up in sheets in Sophie’s vehicle, including my former best friend the woman I thought I knew and drove the vehicle into a side street and walked home, no one saw me.
I cleaned up my unit and as the days went by, I was never questioned about the dead bodies in the car or other murders: I cover my tracks, to me it is a killer’s trade secret. I never was suspected as I went to work at the fruit shop, and I am still a model. I cannot retire from the workforce yet: financial reasons.
I do not know what will happen to my group. I intend to help my leader still in custody and others arrested if they need me. I will know if I am required. Now I go about my routine waiting to reunite with The Dark Wolves and deal with any burden.
Still distraught over best friend being a snitch having to kill her before I could reason instead of kill. I had a busy evening that night.
No one who does not believe in werewolves has not met our organisation: The Dark Wolves, when you meet us, you will laugh then regret will follow shortly afterwards.
Months later I left I moved to Perth, not a model anymore. The Dark Wolves are either in jail or parole and many have not been arrested so we continue with our, missions from Satan and Don Webber who spoke to me by telepathy-so much for mobile technology-said he is free and other groups are breaking free due to high increasing numbers. 
That was all he told me. I am with another satanic cult of The Dark Wolves. We carry our missions that appear ironic or stupid, we do not question our high dark superior, we oblige.
Sophie’s death, her family will recover. I have not been traced and do not intend to be found out. I don’t work, because I have stolen huge sums of money to live for rest of my life, thanks to friends from The Dark Wolves, I made since I arrived in Perth.
The Dark Wolves are everywhere. I might see you soon.
THE END
*
LAURA AND ANGELICA
*
‘My dear Laura, you never change.’
Hands wrap themselves round the front of Angelica’s waist. The blonde woman with real yellow hair turns to confront her red headed friend: Laura. The two embrace, Laura’s hands fondle Angelica’s lower back and lightly spank the yellow haired woman in a yellow dress that almost matches her hair.
‘Five hundred years old.’ Angelica said. ‘Still, you are the same immortal tease. The biggest sexual menace among our witches.’
Laura and Angelica, both over five hundred years old, have been away from each other for eighty-three years, longest time for these two-immortal vampire and witch women. 
Both women more witch than vampire, centuries of adventures, socialized with all variety types of people good and evil. It has been more than eighty years but the two still felt like it was yesterday when they had gone to a cinema to see the film Gone with the Wind. Laura liked movies better than Angelica who found films average.
Laura tried telepathic communication on Angelica, who on another world did not receive supernatural communication while she was off world and Laura on earth. 
‘The 1970s darling, one of the worthiest decades: great music. Free Love. Flower Power Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin.’
Angelica had some idea what Laura is talking about. She did not adjust to new things well as Laura, who had to explain to her blonde friend who Led Zeppelin was.
Angelica and Laura had observed each other from distances and had exchanged greetings for a few seconds, with a quick embrace, but Angelica had always teleported from earth to off world where Laura had never visited before. 
The last time they had spent a good deal of time together was way back in 1939 when they saw The Wizard of Oz and Gone with The Wind. Laura and Angelica often saw films that Laura liked better.
Angelica had been away from planet earth for generations visiting other worlds, though she did appear on earth for several minutes speaking to other council members of witchcraft cults. She thought of Laura while occupied with political matters and world battles. Angelica did have knowledge of world events. 
Laura for decades tried to reach Angelica in 1969 for Woodstock. A lot of times in the 70’s, for film premieres like The Exorcist and The Devils. One time during a baseball event in the states, Laura had been an agent to a baseball player. 
She even tried to reach out to Angelica when a new food place called McDonalds opened its doors. Now today, Laura had tried telepathy to reach Angelica while in Italy, a place of fond memories for Laura. 
Angelica had been in London on some royal family business matters with other members of her council. Angelica planned to leave earth after her assistants left than Laura spoke. She noticed the seductive voice and frequent annoying use of the word darling.
Angelica found an old castle in Italy, hidden in the countryside a long way from everything. The castle is ancient and empty. Angelica often stayed here when not in any other country in the world.
Laura seated herself opposite Angelica at an old antique table with chairs and an antique chessboard between them.  ‘You always beat me at chess darling.’ Laura said.
Laura always wore red dresses, and shoes- did not care for high heels unlike Angelica had a seductive yet normal voice that she admired about herself. Angelica has the female masculine voice; she is more serious. Laura, a seductress with little anger and lots of sexual desire, always remains loose. Angelica is business most of the time.
Night-time in Italy, Laura, made telepathic communication, earlier this evening, knowing Angelica, unoccupied with council meetings around Europe. Angelica accepted Laura’s invite for a reunion. 
These two immortals had been friends for centuries, blessed with supernatural talent. Laura had more phenomenal powers than Angelica or any other fellow immortal. Laura is the only vampire allowed to walk into the sun and remain unscathed. 
Laura is the only one with this gift-well so far. These two witches could teleport magically from one end of the universe to the other in two seconds. 
‘Teleportation, what a money saver, hey darling?’ Laura said.
‘True. Laura, please don’t call me darling.’
Laura called everybody “darling.” Weather they liked it or not.
The game of chess started and discussion of old times.
‘We have been apart almost a century darling. I missed you. I sent a telepathic message to you in 1969. I invited you to the first Woodstock.’
‘I was on another world, Laura. Business with vampire cults over there and here on earth. There were civil wars among various satanic cults.’
‘Still feels like yesterday when we saw Gone with The Wind darling.’
Both women often said hello in passing, this is the first time in almost a century they can hang out together. Laura had often used telepathic communication to invite Angelica for a reunion. Angelica wanted that, but she is mostly all business than fun. Angelica has been able to travel into other worlds. 
She is a member of several councils dealing with vampire organisations global and off world. Had been debates and wars with cults of witches, vampires, werewolves and Satanists, meant to be a joined unit, helped mortal human beings and killed other people involved in world crimes. 
These supernatural organisations are out to dominate other worlds and often they go to war with each other. These groups are immortals, like humans have a lust for political domination.
Laura a loner, Romanian born, who on rare occasions got involved in issues of supernatural war and political issues. She did not care for business but had been involved though not a member of any of these cults. 
Angelica is business, Laura is lust and freedom who drummed democracy into cults over many centuries. She remembered her family from the fifteenth century, that she was the seventh daughter of a seventh daughter.
The two reminisced about past events. They had met all types of famous people: Scientists. Musicians. Actors. Royalty and common everyday civilians. 
They spoke about their times in the French Revolution. The American Civil War and the Wild West. Laura had even done nurse duty in World War One and played piano on all the great stages of Europe with the greatest musicians.
‘I gave my services to lots of soldiers, didn’t I darling.’
‘You gave you services to every man, Laura.’
Laura agreed, she is a love machine who had bedded billionaires and other types of society. She also aided lower class society too.
Angelica left and came back with goblets and a bottle of red wine: Laura’s all time favourite drink. These female immortals can eat and drink normal everyday necessities if they wanted. 
Within reason they could dine on delicious food and drinks, not that their bodies desired food and drink and they could only indulge mortal food and drink for a short time, if they had too much then they would throw up. It had happened to them fifty to a hundred times over the centuries.
 They both moved chess pieces around the board, Angelica, better than Laura at this game.
‘The royal families darling. I have had Kings and Bishops and Knights in their castles, even a few Queens.’
‘Laura, you caused a lot of political wars among royal families because you stole Kings and Princes.’
Angelica communicated better with royal families. Laura caused conflicts, ruined dividing couples meant to be wed, by stealing the men. Laura had better friendships with the common folk than high society types.
‘Before I arrived darling, I visited the graves of old friends. Mozart. Beethoven and Liszt. Those composers we met.’
Laura and Angelica used to always see an opera somewhere in Europe over the centuries.
‘I also visited Marie Kelly’s grave darling. The fifth victim of Jack the Ripper.’
Marie Kelly, Jack the Ripper Victim, was a good friend of Laura’s. Laura provided financial aid to the paupers. She remembered receiving word about the last Ripper victim somewhere in Spain involved in some adventure. Laura wept for a few seconds, Angelica had been sad, but does not mourn.
‘Final victim, though we don’t know who it was.’ Angelica said.
‘It was William Gull.’ Laura said, her seductive tone replaced by a tough voice tone. Queen Victoria was involved in a cover up.’
‘You and I were not in London at the time. We were not involved in the investigation. I do remember Sir William Gull and members of that Monarchy hating you Laura, demanding your death.’
‘Not to mention Queen Victoria. Young Queen Victoria, hated me, she always did darling.’
‘I know, she wanted to cut your head off. Do not call me darling. Checkmate, Laura.’
Laura defeated people of all types of intelligence, lower class to well- educated, including scientists at chess. Angelica has never lost to Laura.
‘Men on your mind, Laura.’
‘I Know Darling. I have had forty-two men this week. You can be lover forty-three darling.’
Laura had drunk two goblets of red wine. Angelica, one goblet. None of the women wanted anymore wine. They played a second and spoke of many adventures. 
Laura captured Angelica’s Queen. Angelica fought back by getting a Pawn to the end of the board to retrieve her Queen. Angelica uttered checkmate.
Angelica would have to sleep; dawn is close. Laura followed Angelica into the bedroom with a queen-sized bed with someone in it. Laura, at a swift speed had moved into bed with the sheet up to her neck, her shoes on the floor.
Laura putted her lips together heart shaped blowing kisses to Angelica, she often did this with people she loved or wanted to play some nasty guy for a sucker.
‘Get out of the bed Laura.’
Laura obliged than came up behind her blonde friend. Angelica did not see the redhead move.
Angelica climbed into bed; Laura offered to keep Angelia company. Angelica said no and told Laura not to call her darling.
*
Laura would return when evening arrived and did. Angelica awoke after the sun went down. Laura showed up with a full sack of dead rattlesnakes. She poured two dead reptiles onto the ground and cooked them up in the fireplace. Laura rarely cooks but knew how to cook snake. Angelica remembered Laura killed a lion and cooked it over two hundred years ago.
Laura teleported to the United States and the UK, as Angelica slept. Laura did not care if people saw her appear using magic.  How many mortals knew what teleportation meant? 
Laura remembered the year 1500, when she and Angelica became immortal vampire-witches. They only required a certain amount of blood: thirteen victims a year and both women killed wrong doers, even off world Angelica had killed wrong doers. 
The two women made by a sorceress who gave them powers of dark and white magic. Laura had been a unique nurse and damn popular, still, there are lots of killer illnesses, including aids and cancer she did not have the power to eliminate.
Laura, moved from one country to another, she could have visions but not see everything in the world. Laura sensed a child terrified: a young girl in the countryside with a rattlesnake a foot or more ahead, she had wondered from her parents, looked about five, and would later tell her parents about an angel, named Laura.
Laura appeared, in front of the child, the snake bit Laura’s leg, Laura felt nothing being a witch, who hissed and picked the creature up by the neck and choked the thing to death.
‘It’s all right darling. Snakes are like men. They scare and bite. In the end they choke and weaken.’
Laura had returned the child to her parents and disappeared.
She knew the times in all world countries and returned to Italy to see Angelica when evening came around. 
The snake was delicious, topped off with red wine. They played chess and Laura spoke about what she did today. Laura killed a snake and brought it home for dinner. She had even been with two noble men in London at separate times.
‘I saved a frightened child on a picnic facing a rattler in the woods, I killed it.  That was in the states. I went to another U.S State found a husband about to beat his wife. I confronted the man. I made him weak and bring out an emotional side. I went to a few hospitals to heal sick babies and elders. I left when staff and others saw me darling.’
Angelica, informed Laura, that a fellow vampire in Paris summoned her there: council groups of immortals will be heading off world soon.
‘Laura, you must tell me about the 1990’s. I slept the whole decade away after a negative premonition.
‘A decade of nothing darling. I was also lifeless.’
From December 31st, 1989, until January 1st, 2000, Laura, with witchcraft skills, greater than other witches and vampires: Laura placed herself into a ten-year coma refusing anything to do with the 1990’s. In late 1989. 
Laura had negative premonitions of suffering among fellow immortals, a threat she felt with no knowledge what the threat was. Laura learned from another fellow immortal in early 2000 that vampires and witches had been killed by a powerful force.
‘I confronted the Demon Angelica darling. Extinct. I am here. I slept the entire 1990’s my darling.’
‘I was off world through-out the 1990’s Laura. I went lifeless too. I thought about you. I knew you would be fine. Other immortals went into a coma for ten years. Those immortals that ignored negative premonitions perished. I heard you conquered the monster, Laura.’
‘If I were awake in the 90’s darling, I know I would have perished. The demon was one of the deadliest threats.’
Laura and Angelica had lots to talk about.
‘Every decade has suffering and injustice Laura. The 1990’s ended up a decade of suffering for mortals and immortals.’
‘I spoke to muggles over the years and most muggles hated the 1990’s. Personal everyday burdens and others endured unjustifiable tragedies.’
‘I see. What is a muggle?’
‘The Harry Potter series darling. Muggles are non-magic folk. Great books for all age groups darling.’
‘Ok. Do not call me darling Laura. I heard tales of several hip hop and rap clubs set on fire.’
‘I did that darling. Horrible music, rap and hip hop. I spoke to mortals with bad memories of the 1990’s. Never has there been so much hate for a decade, even more hate then the 1940’s: World War 2. Abnormal.’
‘I have spoken to more people that hated the 1990’s more than other people with hatred towards decades or years. The 1990’s was not the decade to be alive.’
‘Agreed. Was that you Laura, who set fire to an entire esplanade along some beach in 2008. It happened in Queensland Australia.’
‘Guilty darling. Tourists had undue treatment that year. It has been restored. I might return and start another fire.’
‘You are a naughty one Laura.’
‘I can show you naughty darling.’
‘Let us go back to telling more tales Laura.’
Laura had more adventures than Angelica, who spent most of her time dealing with political issues that involved both logic and the supernatural.
Another game of chess, Angelica won.
Almost dawn, both women awake all night talking about adventures. Angelica dealt more with political issues. Laura travelled the world; most of her time in Australia and Brazil.
‘Before we part darling, let us teleport worldwide.’
Angelica accepted.
Laura and Angelica teleported over the world where it is night-time, appeared and in a rapid instant disappeared into hospitals where they touched and healed old and young people on their deathbeds.
Laura and Angelica did not care if people can see them. The attention is fine and if not, they would teleport away.
Final stop Kings Cross in Sydney Australia. A side street, dark alley at midnight. Angelica has been here, not often as Laura.
A gang of rough looking youths with neck tattoos carrying switchblade knives faced the two immortals.
Six against two.
The youths circled the women. Laura and Angelica smiled revealing fangs: they have sharp small incisions, that appear and can also disappear magically when they command it.
The gang referred to Laura and Angelica as babes. Whores and sluts easy to get.
‘Let us show these young ones what real women are darling.’
‘Fine. Don’t call me darling.’
Laura with the back of her hand knocked one guy unconscious. Angelica with her hand around a guy’s neck threw him into a wall. Angelica bit into one guy’s neck sucking blood, while Laura did the same with another victim.
Two on two. Laura and Angelica hover in the air hissing showing fangs, little drips of blood eyes of the witches blaze red, the remaining youth became hypnotised and released from the women’s dark powers. Next, he runs out of the side street onto the main drag screaming about vampires in Kings Cross; everyone laughs.
Laura and Angelica hover down, their eyes back to normal colour. They walk down the street free of criminals.
‘The places you visit Laura.’
‘I know darling. I will be here for a few days then off to Rio.’
‘I will be going to Paris. We must get together soon.’
‘Sexually, I hope darling.’
Not sexually Laura. You never think of joining any councils, Laura?’
‘No politics for me darling. However, if I have any interesting information for the councils. I will share myself darling.’
‘I believe that. Laura, before we depart. I have one favour to ask.’
‘Yes darling.’
‘Please don’t call me darling.’
‘All right gorgeous.’
THE END
*
THE TWO MAIDS
*
The two maids with meat cleavers attacked. One cleaver struck the woman’s shoulder, the other cleaver penetrated the ribs. The woman felt sharp pain with the buried weapons being removed and struck into her torso and neck.
The woman was rich, the two sisters wanted to take advantage: not first murder committed by these two girls, early twenties: expelled underachievers in school only making it one term through grade twelve. 
Employers in expensive houses inland and coastal had suffered from these two killers with no pride. They would make fortunes and best of all get away with macabre murder.
Maria and Melinda looked at the mutilated corpse of forty-one, year old woman involved in sport betting businesses that made her great profit. Maria leaned close to the woman’s face, blood running from her mouth, looking up at the ceiling in the kitchen. Blood sprayed around the marble floor and kitchen counter.  
The girls smiled proud. ‘How do you like that fuck face?’ Maria said.
Melinda kicked the woman in the hip. The sight of her flesh gutted and bloody gave the girls pleasure. The two sisters had endured a wild killing spree across the country from Perth to Sydney. 
They had arrived at the busiest tourist destination in Queensland Australia: The Gold Coast mad all year round-the suburb of Surfers Paradise at a bench looking out to the ocean. A beach going glorious day, families and couples and tourists worldwide crowd the coast.
They had gotten away with murder: no clues that can be traced.
Their father committed suicide by jumping off a building and their mother had a stroke. The girls had no living relatives and unable to keep their home.
The parents struggled with debt, hassled by creditors: mortgages, education for the two daughters and constant bills on a low salary, did not eat well loved one another. Their father had a bullying boss both worked in a mailroom, skills good; never satisfactory no matter how hard and well he delivered. 
The bullying became too much, and he snapped. Without thought to anything or anyone he jumped off a balcony high up in a shopping mall. The news struck their mother hard, and she had a stroke. 
The twins were fourteen and taken for therapy, lived in a foster home, and got their own place after getting jobs as hotel maids in Perth to pay apartment rent aged seventeen being expelled from school after one term in grade twelve.
BUSINESSMAN SLAUGHTERED
An executive in Perth on business has been murdered, mutilated with a Meat cleaver, hacked in the neck and stomach, the flesh torn from his neck.
MEAT CLEAVER KILLING
The article: Adelaide newspaper about a private attorney murdered in a hotel car park, the man had a celebration at a restaurant where a rich client had benefited in a lawsuit against a workplace that had been innocent. A cleaver had been branded through the top of the skull. The lawyer collapsed onto the hood.
Melbourne and Sydney several murders: a dentist found dead after hours in his office, no one saw anything. The severed head laid on the patient’s chair.
In Sydney, a man had been killed outside his home one night after a meat cleaver in the neck. He was a private school teacher.
Maria and Melinda are satisfied with revenge against high society. Last victim had been an old woman in good shape. The sisters took care of the house.
‘Can’t you two whores do anything right?” Swearing and name calling, lots of perfectionist employers. The twins always knew what they were getting into.
They had power to teleport: one moment in Perth, a few Seconds later Adelaide. After their killing in Adelaide, they closed their eyes, held hands and went to Melbourne, then Sydney and Brisbane.
The twins sold their soul after their parent’s death. Maria and Melinda never told a soul about selling their own souls. They shared a room; one night aged eighteen they woke late in the evening, walked to the tall mirror in their bedroom facing their beds and observed a giant black shadow.  
No fear, not a slight startle as they see the tall black shadow in the moonlight streaming through their open bedroom window, with only a slight mild breeze. They smile, sensing they have a gift to right the wrong with greatness. They walked to the mirror, not a care about why they felt no fear, focused on wealth.
A friendly voice spoke in their heads staring into the mirror. The voice is polite yet implies do not fuck with me.
‘You now have an obligation in the world. I own your souls. The world is yours until you no longer desire what your wealthy enemies possess.’
The shadow vanished leaving the girls alone with what they had been granted. Maria and Melinda know their powers and choose their mission to deal with the enemy. 
Maria and Melinda were arrested a week later at school for trying to burn down a classroom with their teacher inside, they were busted and squealed on. The police turned up at the school where students and teachers stood around the girls. 
Maria and Melinda smirked at each other joined hands and teleported back home where they packed a bag and left teleporting from their small Victorian hometown of Bendigo to Perth in Western Australia.
Working in a Perth hotel they thought murdering rich pricks cool and amusing, getting the idea to kill after watching horror slasher films; it would be living the dream. They had the gift to touch whatever or whoever they wanted and not leave a print or small clue.  
They knew the demonic shadow they saw would grant them, magical untraceable touch and teleportation they embraced.
In a Perth penthouse apartment Maria had a fifty-year old man tied and gagged to a wooden chair with rope, he wanted this, Maria obliged. It was evening and the Perth CBD viewing was spectacular, you could see The Swan River ahead looking down; only view this pervert admired tonight was Maria dancing naked.
‘You’re a dirty old bastard, aren’t you?’
Maria left the room grabbed the meat cleaver from her backpack and buried the weapon down through the top of the mumbling screaming man.
Melinda shared a bed with an employer who offered to pay her for sex. The man, naked with flesh of flab, his belly poking out. Melinda did not want this.
‘Okay girly! Doggy style on the bed; fuck you up the ass.’
‘Close your eyes while I assume the position. I like a little foreplay.'
These two girls both bad as one another had no emotion at all.
The man obeyed and seconds later when he was told to open his eyes, the man screamed: A meat cleaver penetrated his fat belly by Maria. Melinda grabbed her belongings met up with Maria who just killed an old woman and her daughter with a meat cleaver. Their bodies on the red carpet of a lounge room and their necks torn to bloodied flesh.
Maria and Melinda left a trail of mutilated corpses in houses or mansions in the countryside a short driving distance to the nearest capital city. The meat cleaver being the weapon; Maria and Melinda left a trail of murders. 
One body had decapitated legs.  A body had been found without a face and a foot in a dining room. Other bodies had exposed stomachs and necks; Maria and Melinda feel no sorrow.
A man of middle age approached the girls after they stared at him: they also had the gift to use eye contact and make people give them what they wanted. They had stolen money from lots of people they had seen walking around courts and high-rise building in suits. They had it made beyond people’s fantasies.
The men who is a millionaire well-groomed and elegantly casually dressed lived in a house by the beach further up the Gold Coast: Ronald Jackson. He introduced himself to the girls as he approached.
Maria and Melinda cooperated and accepted his offer. The girls gazed into his eyes, and he offer is to be their employer knowing this is another rich prick.
‘We need the money.’ Melinda lied.
Ronald is a rich sucker for the two beauties. Ronald smiled, he looked handsome and sweet. Maria and Melinda know his looks are deceiving. They cannot foresee but know he is rotten and has a lady friend even worse. They are both late thirties they know not millionaires but very wealthy indeed.
Maria and Melinda went with Ronald.
The house had a view of roof tops with beach and ocean ahead. Bedrooms and bathrooms among great features along with the tennis court and swimming pool. He drove his Porsche into the garage and showed the girls around.
They sat on the terrace drinking a beer and listened to the man’s sweet voice.
‘Nothing to tell, I won Gold Lotto, lots of millions.  I never told anyone except family members and My girlfriend Chelsea…’
Maria and Melinda were given separate rooms taking their pick started work that evening doing light cleaning duties. As they worked making the bathroom perfect, they heard Ronald and Chelsea faintly speaking out on the terrace through the open glass door.
‘I relinquished my job. I have access to people’s accounts. I found a solution thanks to our secret contacts able to access pin numbers.’
‘Were the perfect money thieves…well you because you can prevent our crime being traced. Ronald said.
‘Thanks to our secret sources. Nerds, eggheads, whatever you call these smart-ass brainpans, they are a member of our elite groups over the country. The best thing is we can take people’s money, and no one will know. We can’t be traced.’
Maria and Melinda horrified went to their room where their travel bags are kept and grabbed a meat cleaver each.
‘Not yet Maria. Tonight, will be fine.’
‘These two have no emotion.’ Melinda said. ‘I know that sounds pathetic cause were thieves and killers. These two, well least we know hardship.’
‘Tonight, they will know hardship.’ Maria said.
The maids went back to work and had dinner with Roland and Chelsea, who spoke about marriage and retirement. Both had wealth at a young age. Maria and Melinda pretended to be interested to these people being nice-well pretending; the two sisters who did not talk much.
Ronald and Chelsea are boring talking about business, but the couple probably found the two maids dull: they only mentioned looking after their bodies and maid work. Ronald and Chelsea spoke mostly about themselves, little attention on the sisters. Maria and Melinda shot each other a short cheerful glance.  
Chelsea relaxed in a warm tub while Ronald slept thinking the girls were out. Chelsea had a washer covering her face. Maria stands over the woman in the tub hatefully at this insensitive businesswoman. Maria and Melinda only met these two today, they seriously know that the rich couple lack all sensitivity.
Maria used the meat cleaver: the weapon pierced the neck coagulating red thick fluid. Weapon buried into flesh, blood running into water. Maria removed the weapon; blood from Chelsea sprayed outwards from her neck. She gasped and sprawled floating in the water.
Ronald in the bedroom lying naked in bed waiting for Chelsea. Someone under the covers crawling up to him, he thinks it to be Chelsea, a smile across his face then a scream that would be heard throughout the whole house, maybe the entire neighbourhood.
Melinda tosses the blanket aside and gets off the bed. Ronald; lies on the mattress blood around his groin and thighs. Blood jets everywhere. He thrashes about, Melinda watching. Maria comes into join her. The sisters smile able to hear each other talk over the sound of the screaming man.
‘Thanks for your lovely advice, Maria.’
‘Thanks for the lovely show, Melinda.’
Before leaving the sisters watched the rich man die, leaving a bloodied corpse on expensive silk sheets with detached testicles: Ronald had been castrated.
Maria and Melinda kept travelling the country killing and stealing money lived wherever they liked doing their thing. confident they will never be discovered or have a bleak future that would be miserable. 
All their lives they had worked as maids and used hypnosis that went with the gift of teleportation, to brainwash employers into giving them a job. They planned to keep doing this.
They were wrong. Neither girl would foresee their fate four months later as they left their temporary home up Townsville North Queensland.
The two girls arrived back to their house they had stolen from a rich couple thanks to their favourite murder weapon the meat cleaver leaving two severed heads in the bedroom by their corpses.
Maria and Melinda in their bedroom were shot down. An unknown killer fired a bullet into each girl’s head. One shot eliminated the girls. They do not foresee this; the enemy dressed in black including a cap and sunglasses.
A woman who looked down at the bodies. She took off her cap and glasses, her blonde hair hanging loose. The woman smiled proud of the justice against these demented sister killers. The woman leaves the house and this world.
THE END
*
AFTER THE FLOOD
*
My nieces lose their mother and call to me for help in the darkness.
My story is scary but at least what I will tell you is not a horror tale. I was worried sick and dreaded the worst.
The panic hit after I helped Linda move boxes:  I am worried sick about my, sister Barbara on the north side of Brisbane.
Its two months since we last spoke before the disastrous floods that engulfed southeast Queensland and up North to Sunshine Coast areas to Rockhampton. Inland towns out west also suffered the ordeal: Toowoomba, Dalby, Gatton and Grantham. Houses flooded. Cars lifted by rising water and roads open.
I had not heard from Barbara these last two months. Major roads reopening. Telephones were down in some areas. Her electricity cut out the family had been stranded, managing on bread and butter.
I stepped onto the terrace of my house looking out to Wynnum beach, only a tiny beach but a peaceful place unlike the Gold Coast. This beach had been hit by the flood like Redcliffe North of me. Barbara lived with her husband and two daughters and her house. 
I caught on the news in short footage-I knew the place. I only had to glimpse-was Barbara and Eric, her husband home, I did not see them. It got me worried, so I called her mobile three times until I heard a female robot voice inform me, she is not answering.
I know she had been evacuated among the two hundred thousand citizens over Queensland flood affected areas.
Dreams are bullshit, I still have the same one every night. Two little girls calling my name. They are frightened, and their mother has disappeared. I run through blackness holding A flashlight in a dark place. I am outside somewhere; I feel a mild breeze but cannot see the moon or Stars, no lighting whatsoever.
“Greg! Uncle Greg.”
It is the voice of my nieces. I keep running all I see is the blackness. I call their names and that is when I wake up with no sound. I put the nightmare out of my head. Those nightmares happened a week after I helped Linda.
I went to my balcony after finishing my manuscript and had a beer.
‘Hey Greg?’ Linda called out.
I flinched and looked down from my terrace and noticed the blonde woman separated from her husband, do not know the story there, none of my Business. She stands on my footpath wearing a sexy short dress. 
I am mid-thirties; I assumed she is the same age, though I will not ask dad gave me a belting for asking people their ages, my parents thought it rude, I agree. Linda is gorgeous and if she continues to make herself pretty, as she does every day then she will be hot at fifty.
‘Can you help me please: I need to move some boxes: their heavy.’
I had no objection to help.
I wondered if a whole tribe of guys would rush onto my footpath to offer this attractive lady assistance; would not surprise me.
Second time I have helped, first time was when she moved in. I helped her move furniture last year. I help her out because it is the right thing to do not because she is hot like a lot of other guys would do, hoping for an opportunity to hit a home run. 
I confess I have naughty fantasies about her; I try to focus on my present situation instead of thinking about something that may or may not happen.
Born with an intellectual handicap, lots of us have a tendence to panic, my friends and I did, not all of us, I admit I have the burden of feeling negative. I should not panic but panic is a strong emotion like anger that thankfully I do not possess in a mental way, though I have had mates with awful anger issues.
I helped Linda move boxes from her garage, not heavy, some had sheets and linen, others boasted books, she is retrieving personnel items that were hers. Her ex-husband brought them round; the couple get along fine, but the marriage failed as I said, none of my business. 
Linda had been my neighbour for almost a year since I moved here-do not ask me why-I like the suburb of Wynnum, where we faced a coastline. Linda is polite, her house belonged to her grandparents she inherited, she must have had a wealthy family: when we spoke the first time, the family had managed to buy their houses in one hit avoiding the loan. 
Their finances none of my, business either. I am not the curious type, though I felt that way now: my sister.
I carried a box into the lounge room and placed it down next to a sofa facing a giant TV Screen-that’s real sophisticated and expensive technology if you ask me. I saw a teddy bear that looked like a monkey, when she saw me looking, it was a Yakini: creatures like monkeys and gorillas, I saw when in a Victorian zoo two years ago.
This toy had a pair of red overalls and held a little banana in one hand and a tiny wooden stick in the other, it smiled at me, and I gasped with frightened emotion that hit me like a blast of wind.
‘You like Yakini? She asked grinning.
‘Cool.’ My niece has one like it.’
‘I got it in a cheap warehouse in Sydney two years ago, mum made the overalls. I think it looks cool.’
It did.
‘I don’t mean to gawk at it. I think about my sister Barbara now. Been months since I heard from her, I am thinking of going Redcliffe this week. Looking at Yakini made me think of my niece.’
Focus I thought to myself. I do not want to be a rambling idiot wasting the time of people busier than I am.  Linda is sweet and does not think I need a straitjacket though I told her I might end up wearing one. She disagreed.
Linda made coffee and served biscuits while we spoke at the kitchen table.
‘She might be trying to reach you too.’ Linda said.
It was still an emotional time: the floods had taken their tolls. People were panic buying-I am thankful I was able to purchase Bread and butter and a Coke. Basin water catchments had over flowed, rivers rose to great heights bringing the greatest Queensland flood disasters in history since 1974. 
Three hundred roads including major highways had been closed due to flooding. The flood caused almost forty deaths; a lot of city and towns inland; coastal under water leaving a two- billion-dollar damage bill.
Linda had relatives affected; their fine now and generously offered help in this matter. She happened to be a fan of mine and said she admired me more when I was interviewed on local news: I had donated two million to the nine-network flood relief appeal. 
I am a millionaire from writing children’s books. I tell you I am worried about my nieces and their parents: a wave of negativity washed over me. I called for weeks: phones cut out, even mobiles.
I would take back my fame and fortune just to see the family, fair dinkum, I would.
I have never hit onto Linda, and she has not hit onto me, we get along well, I feel lust. I will not exploit her, though I wish I could. Our relationship was the usual hello how are you and chat about books, TV and films, our tastes similar.
After I left Linda’s, I went to my office and worked on my next book to be published before Christmas, I just will edit and send it to my publisher. I sat at my, desk facing my monitor fingers just above the keyboard; I could not concentrate.
I made use of the phone and called Barbara. It rang out; the female robot voice informed me the person. I am trying to reach is unavailable, so I hung up. I have been doing this for weeks.
(Help Uncle Greg help.)
I jumped back in my chair and clutched my head tight; I have heard the voices in my head on and off about twice each day, my two nieces, six and four. Why would they call me for help when they have a strong mother and father? I am worried something has happened to the parents or the children or the whole family.
Voices in my head. I believe they will pass; I will not go to a shrink. I am a sceptical person, I want to believe my brain was playing tricks on me, I have been up late at nights working. I wake up from hearing my niece’s voices in darkness unable to see where they are or myself for that matter. 
I am not on medication or drugs; have not been hypnotised or brain washed by anything or anyone, though my intellectual handicap I wonder if my brain is seriously damaged like some of my old friend’s brains, it is not, the doctor told me, and I do not plan on getting a second opinion yet despite once each night after hearing those voices.
Today was the first time I heard them while awake.
I planned to drive to Redcliffe, I am anxious all because of Linda’s Yakini Toy. If I had not have seen it, would I hear voices and have nightmares? I put the voices out of my head, I do not believe in dreams, even if they are the same ones. 
After the visit at Linda’s my nerves acted up and I felt a wave of frightened concern eat at my brain. Teddy’s bears, voices, plain anxiety or none of those, I wanted to find my family. 
I will print out and get this forth coming manuscript to my publisher, head off to see the family, she has been there for me. I eventually got to do the favour paying off their houses, cars and daughter’s schools.
The voices of my nieces would not escape my mind. Telepathy, my own imagination of being born with an intellectual handicap, I do not know but I hope my, trip turns out to be a wild goose chase. I thought about leaving tonight, I chose to wait until morning.
I could have gone in the week, the thought never occurred to me despite voices, now I will go thanks to Yakini.
I had dinner and I wanted to settle down and watch: The Big Bang Theory, there were two episodes on, before the second show started Linda came to the door.
‘I’d like to come with you.’ She said voluntarily.
I was stunned and flattered, I invited her in, and she parked on the sofa opposite me.
‘I happen to be on holidays and have no clients.’
Linda is a lawyer, a public one. Lawyers cop a lot of flak. Linda being a sweet person, I think would cop the torments. If people hate lawyers, I believe Linda would give tormentors a different outlook on their wicked ways.
‘Why do you want to come along?’ I asked.
‘I like you Greg and I’m attracted to you.’
Wow, where did this come from? I wondered but did not say so.
I felt paralysed; my body froze stunned and speechless with questions, my, tongue could not move. I had not had much in the way of relationships in my life. Two ex-girlfriends I fell out with though it is no one’s fault.
Love honour and commitment, I believed in. I am attracted to Linda and will summon my courage to make a good connection.
Linda smiled looking pretty. Thoughts of my nieces; sister; manuscript and the gorgeous Penny on The Big Bang Theory on my giant TV screen I did not notice due to Linda coming out and telling me she is attracted to me. My heartbeat loud, and my leg is shaking.
I have never had a serious relationship in life unlike Linda who had one that fell apart and moving in on me?
‘What about your ex?’
‘He is a good man, but our relationship failed. He has another woman elsewhere.
Linda knows I am a millionaire from my children’s books, and I made a giant donation for flood relief. I wonder if she is a gold digger; my senses tell me no. She is a lawyer and those people far as I am concerned are rolling in money and all have yachts. 
Linda’s voice I know is serious. She has a sweet emotional look in the eyes as she takes moves and sits next to me taking my hand. I tremble.
‘Been a long time for me Linda.’
‘Me too. Not long after you moved in, straight away I felt some chemistry between us after we met.’
‘I’m only picking it up now.’ I seriously said.
We went to the bedroom after I turned off the TV and lights. A lovely night, no Nightmares.
Next clear day Linda came with me to Redcliffe, and I told her about myself. I was born with an intellectual handicap, went to a special school, though I turned out to be like normal people after losing my dopey looking grinning idiotic image that made people think I was a spastic at the age of fifteen. 
I was terrible at sport and flunked so many subjects, but the special school did not have grades. I was an okay student and mingled with the children. 
However, I was good at English. A lot of subjects for students like us easily went into one ear and out the next and then when it was time for English, this subject stuck onto my dopey brain since I was ten.
I have always been a fan of books and movies since I first saw Star Wars the Empire Strikes Back, science fiction and horror always.
I like all movie genres except Romance. I did assignments in creative writing at school and wrote children’s tales about Princes and Princesses and wicked witches, Barbara was overly impressed so were my, parents, not to mention my teachers.
‘You are going to be a storyteller for children one day.’ Barbara told me when we were kids, I was twelve, she was nine and tougher and stronger than me. I was a wimp of A child and baby sister fought my battles.
We had fights and got into trouble for feuding, and we were both guilty of wrong doings. Barbara more, she hit two children when older seniors accused us of being lovers knowing were brother and sister. Barbara slapped the girl and kicked the boys injured leg from a soccer injury. I congratulated her, but mum and dad were not pleased.
I paid off my car and purchased my house after my debut novel that also allowed me to quit my daytime job as an employee for an orange juice company. I had the pleasure of driving making deliveries to shops and supermarkets, it was a pleasurable job, took months to learn, I started work at eighteen.
Now fourteen years later I was able to resign. I saw so many come and go, then I got my turn.
I have published three children’s novels with illustrations and plots about children who form alliances in fairy tale worlds that battle, dragons and witches. 
My nieces loved the books. Someone else illustrates. My books are a hit, not like the Harry Potter series-I enjoy. I am a hit and have made The New York Best Seller Times in America. I am in the bookshops with other famous authors.
Linda liked my Red Toyota Camry; I like driving, even if I must travel to Melbourne or Sydney for book signings, only those cities any further I must deal with the uncomfortable big burden of flying. I hate being cramped like a sardine.
Linda told me about herself. Her marriage lovely at first then he and her ended up fighting over budget issues to job transfers. It was a financial issue that led to the separation. Linda’s parents lived on the sunshine coast like mine.
The roads are open, and I drove north. I had my Veronica’s CD’s playing. Linda enjoyed The Veronica’s: the two sisters from Brisbane who make the best music ever in the business today along with American female sensation: Pink. 
The drive north with Linda was pleasant despite congested city travel. The Veronica’s on my CD player had Linda singing along to Hook Me Up. I think back to when Barbara and I played AC/DC Back in Black full blast; damaged our speakers and lost my Razors Edge by ACDC. I was mad; she replaced the items and we made up.
I helped Barbara pass her English tests, helped her with book reviews, the one subject I was better than her at. Barbara even saved me when we were walking along the roof of our house, we were under ten I remember playing at night. We wanted to see the stars. Barbara for a child knew a few constellations. 
She pointed to the Milky Way; I would not know it. She pointed, I followed her finger and fell forward then she grabbed my hair, and I was yanked backwards away from the edge of the roof and dad caught us. We were grounded for a month except school.
There was so much I could share about my family and my past and one day I might tell more stories, even if they do not have big climaxes. I will not make a novel out of this, but I did turn this into a short story in a magazine, two years from now.
There were times when I was bullied by neighbourhood children and Barbara stood up to them and she got herself grounded two times by punching a boy and using vulgar swear words.
We always helped each other with homework, though the only subject I could help Barbara with was English. I remember a time when I was short of money before allowance day, she would give me money and I did the same for her.
We were normal kids, we bonded and had fights then apologised later. I returned the favours by paying off their mortgage and kid’s schools and got them a nice house at Redcliffe. Linda is a great morale supporter.
I made it to Redcliffe and drove parking outside the house on this glorious day. A cold hand gripped my heart.
‘It’s going to be fine Greg.’ Linda assured me. ‘It will be a wild goose chase.’ I drove past the esplanade facing the beach. People everywhere including some surfers walked around. Just like Wynnum. I arrived at the house; my stomach twisted in knots by a cold iron grip.
‘If there is a God, please let them be all right and I worried over nothing.
‘I’m not religious either.’ Linda said. ‘But I believe they are fine.’
I believed her, I was not dreading the worst, or otherwise I would have been here long before now. I felt patient believing there is a good explanation.
If you are a former special school student, your brain gets mixed up a lot. I wonder if I should go after Barbara or let it be? The decisions I made I changed my mind on later. It can happen to anyone but us special school students it happens to us a lot.
I have friends this has happened to you cannot make up your mind and are constantly changing it. It has been happening to me since the worst of the floods ended. Well now I am eventually at my conclusion: I am going to see about my sister.
I pulled over outside the house and gripped Linda’s hand with my trembling sweaty one-for a guy who had a good lay last night, I do not feel jolly today. I developed negative feelings then I heard girls yell out mummy.
I saw two girls running around the side of the house and a joyful relief swept over me when I saw my two nieces running around the house and the mother calling them in. She saw me then Kathleen and Katy called Uncle Greg.
The two girls ran to the front gate, Barbara told them to stop. Linda and I stepped out of the car. I ran to embrace Barbara and her daughters, no tearful reunion but a sentimental one, nevertheless.
I followed Barbara into the house, invited Linda. The women got on well. The girls held my hand skipping beside me. We all went in and had one of Barbara’s delicious apple pies in the kitchen.
‘Greg, I can’t believe it, haven’t seen you since the flood.’
I ended up on a wild goose chase after all and that suited me fine. I worried over nothing that is passed. Linda and the girls got on. Barbara is glad I have someone. Eric is working back at the school; he is a music teacher, and she teaches history.
‘I was worried, I couldn’t get through.’ I spoke.
Barbara told me she and her daughters visited Eric’s sisters affected by the flood out west in a place called Esk: a tiny country town. Barbara and Eric were gone for over two months, they had to take time owing off for work and replaced with substitute teachers-I do not know how it works I am not a teacher.
Long as everybody is fine, I do not care about explanations.
‘I had my phone off a lot because we helped with the clean-up. Eric’s sisters both married. Their houses suffered water damage.’
‘I worried Barbara, though I knew you were fine. I have your contact details, but I forgot to consult them.
‘Same here.’ Barbara told me. ‘I thought you were going to Melbourne for a book signing.’
‘Two months away.’ I informed her.
We laughed at her confusion. Barbara thought I was in another state and decided not to call and when I phoned her phone was off and she was not at home.
An unusual paradox of events of confusion during a crisis when everyone’s brains suffer a complex breakdown but coming here if you ask me is never a wild goose chase at all when you want to see the loved ones.
We were reckless forgetting to consult each other’s details and make contact. We both feel ridiculous, but this happens to people a lot, nothing phenomenal; only plain forgetfulness and confusion whilst undergoing distraction.
This story has no climax unlike one of my children’s books or any fictional tale, but I can still get inspiration for a forthcoming manuscript. I will not write any fiction about this, but I have written a memoir that I will not submit for publication, I do not want that, it is a memoir for the family only to enjoy.
The niece’s voices were just nightmares even while awake. What is ironic is Linda and I: a public lawyer-if you are arrested, cannot afford a lawyer, Linda maybe appointed to you-well educated in love with someone who boasts an intellectual handicap. Sounds like a match made in The Twilight Zone to me.
Linda and I stayed for the night. Eric used his barbeque and we all hit it off. I played with the nieces and Linda helped Barbara with chores while I helped Eric with the barbeque. This event had a happy ending like one of my fairy tales books.
This worrying over nothing turned out good after all; I hope next time I worry on and off in my fucked-up brain it will pay off again and I go on another nervous and pleasant wild goose chase. No one had nightmares or voices except me.
Many families suffered the loss of the 2011 floods. What I like about being Australian is that we are a terrific community that is great at coming together helping one another in a crisis. All my family are fine, so we must spare thoughts for the less fortunate.
I cannot put my thoughts and feelings into a specific explanation. The brain is complex, I think I am the perfect example of that. Horror in my mind fine, long as it is not in front of me.
My brain may not be in the right place, but heart is most of the time. Next time my mildly intellectual handicap brain screws up my train of thought, I do believe it will always help me remember to understand I must aid my family even when I know something is not wrong.
That was in 2011 and now to this present day; no nightmares and I spoke to the girls, no one had any nightmares or worried thoughts about tragic.
Linda and I married some years ago and still live in Wynnum; we have a daughter now.
In my dream I run through darkness into the light where my nieces wait. 
THE END
*
THE SMOKER
*
The smell of tobacco upset the children, this hot afternoon, while they waited under the shelter at the city train station. This man had come up and sat on the same seat occupied, middle-aged citizen, clean cut and shaved, in trendy casual summer attire is no bum, just disgusting bum habit of smoking. 
He smirked at the children as he finished one smoke and lit up another.
The grade seven and six children in school uniform mingled while waiting for the next train to their suburbs. The six children, two girls and four boys, laughed about their day at school and traded stories about their friends.
The smoke from the cigarette drifted towards them. Sandy faced the Smoker; annoyed at this upper-class guy for lack of manners.
‘Hey do you mind?’ she exclaimed.
The smoker shot her a bigger smirk. ‘Why children, don’t be annoyed by the smoke candy; indulge.’
The courteous voice with a tone that implies that he did not give a shit about the health of other people.
The students saw other commuters waiting or boarding trains; no one noticing them at this after school busy time.
The smoker had the boy’s attention; Tim smiled; he looked at the cigarette. Jim and Rhonda are afraid; the other two boys: Sam and John’s gaze at the cigarette.
The stranger grabbed a packet of cigarettes from his shirt pocket and held the open packet to the two boys staring at the fags.
‘Sam? John? What are you thinking?’ Sandy asked.
‘Mr, you shouldn’t offer smokes to us.’ Jim said, his voice strong, like Sandy.
‘These are not just ordinary cigarettes.’ He assured them. He made the lie sound so true. ‘These are candy sticks you inhale.’
‘I want one.’ John said. He loves the look of these coloured sticks that looks like grass rolled up in paper, but a delicious looking substance.
‘I want one too.’ Sam said.
The smoker knew he could sucker these kids into smoking. Harold Sorenson is not a chain smoker; he just wants to be a bad influence on anyone he can.
The smoker smirks at Rhonda holding out the packet of smokes.
‘Oh gross, those things are uglier than green vegetables.’
Harold laughed.
None of the kids appeared interested except Sam and John.
‘Get those things away from us!’ Rhonda said. ‘They stink.’
‘Would you leave us alone?’ Sandy demanded. ‘We are in a public place; you don’t want to get into trouble, and we won’t fink if you vamoose.’
‘Yeah.’ Rhonda said. ‘I’d rather stick my head down a chimney then smokes those sticks.’
This girl is a crack up, the smoker thought. He would bribe the law for freedom if he got into trouble, he is a rich man capable of bribing his way out of trouble.
Sam reached into the packet and took out a smoke.
Sandy scanned the area to see if a fellow citizen would come to the children’s aide. The adults are further down the platform; no one could quite see what was going on. It is always the way, Sandy knows.
Rhonda snatched the cigarette from Sam, stomped it out with her shoe and binned the butt.
The children thought the man might get mad; the smirk stayed. Jim thought of running his fist into the guy’s mouth if the smirk did not leave the face, though he does not fight.
The smoker produced another cigarette and a lighter, lit it up and handed it to John who had his hands out. John took the smoke between two fingers anxious to try it. 
None of the children look at John, an adult appears next to the boy snatches the cigarette, a grown redhead woman in a red summer dress revealing cleavage and lots of leg. She dropped the cigarette and stomped it out with her red shoe.
‘Thank you.’ Sandy said. ‘He wanted us to smoke that poison.’
The children looked at the female, especially the boys.
‘Stop drooling perverts!’ Rhonda said.
The man and woman looked at each other.
‘Oh darling, if only you knew how stupid you look.’ she muttered.
‘Hello stranger.’ He said with excitement.	
‘Why are you offering children smokes?’ The woman named Laura asked.
‘I don’t care for the wellbeing of anyone if they get cancer, it doesn’t upset me at all.’
The children are shocked by what the smoker said. Jim shakes his head.
‘I didn’t hear you say that.’ Sandy said hoarsely.
‘Are you for real?’ Tim asked.
‘I’m afraid so.’ Laura told them.
‘Let us run him into security.’ Jim suggested.
‘Bad idea.’ The smoker said. ‘I can reach one of my lawyers and they will save me.’
None of these students had ever heard or met anyone as insensitive as Harold. They had their enemies among friends like most children and adults. According to Sandy: Harold makes her idiot enemies look like real sweethearts.
Sandy cursed under her breath: the asshole has a lawyer.
Laura made eye contact with the smoker. He noticed her eyes changed colour for a second: from blue to a red sparkle. The children did not notice. The smirk disappeared replaced by a look of terror. Laura had the look of anger on her face. She always had a sexy seductive voice that could seduce and lead to someone’s death.
‘Get out of here.’ Laura said.
The smoker left the station in fear. He trembled at the sight of Laura able to put him under a spell.
Laura sat with the children waiting for the next train.
‘Thanks, miss.’ Tim said.
‘Welcome. I hate cigarettes.’
‘Why don’t smokers care?’ John asked.
‘That’s simple.’ Laura said. ‘Smokers are assholes who get pleasure from upsetting innocent people. They laugh at human weaknesses. Sometimes a smoker will be kind and respectful and smoke in private.’
‘But most smokers are rotten.’ John said.
‘I’m afraid so.’
‘Sam, John, thank her.’ Sandy said. ‘She saved you from making the wrong decision.’
‘I was only going to look at the smoke.’ Sam said.
‘Me too.’ John said.
The other children sighed at the two almost smoke victims.
Sam and John gave thanks.
‘Are you a prostitute?’ Rhonda asked. ‘The way you’re dressed. Are you after a good time?’
‘Rhonda!’ Jim said.
Laura grinned then shook her head.
‘No darlings. I am a friend who has battled all types of enemies for centuries. I have not had a smoke of any kind in over three hundred years. The years and centuries move fast.
‘Centuries?’ Sandy asked.
Laura bid the children good afternoon, walked off. The kids stared at one another wondering what the deal is with the smoker and Laura that they heard say centuries that made no sense.
‘What happened here?’ Sam asked.
‘I would sum it up as adult nutcases.’ Sandy said.
The students boarded their train and put the incident behind them. They put the incident of the smoker who would never offer his evil tobacco to anyone again.
The smoker lived in a high-rise building, in an apartment with a spectacular city view.  His home had three bedrooms, a dining room a massive kitchen and a Jacuzzi. He had so many great times with friends and fellow smokers, tonight he would not.
The smoker felt distracted: could not shake the image of the goddamn woman with the red hair and seductive voice and those eyes. He leaned on the terrace balcony wanting to shake the enemy who only turned up at the apartment.
Laura stood behind the man who is frightened of her no idea why, just is terrified of this woman he believed is a demon.
What is happening to me, the smoker wondered?
‘I knew your ancestor’s darling, and they were murderers.’ Laura said.
Laura snarled. The smoker saw fangs. He did not know what she was talking about and would not learn.
‘I killed your ancestors and relative’s darling. Jump off the high-rise terrace. Kill yourself.’
Laura’s eyes blazed. The smoker under trance obeyed and jumped to his death. The man fell to the road with a hard thump and run over by a speeding vehicle.
Laura left glad she had killed a fellow enemy. Laura thought of drinking his blood being a vampire-allowed to come out in sunlight thanks to witchcraft-refused: she might get sick from all the tobacco in his system though she is a vampire.
Laura had dealt with all types of evil over the centuries, had killed before. She had personnel hatred for smokers but that is another story about Laura the redheaded vampire who had the power in her too literally change the world for the better with her type of breed.
THE END
*
KAKADU SPIRIT
*
Aboriginal spirits from time gone by are still alive-as Jenny and Tina Laymon are about to discover. 
Maxine Laymon, divorcee had taken her daughters to the top end of Australia, it would be an education and a holiday. Maxine had gotten two weeks off during winter school holidays from newspaper editing. The family is part of a tour group. 
Twelve-year old Tina has fun. Jenny, fifteen, whined about the country and wanted to visit some QLD coastline.
The two girls sit poolside, while their mother engaged in other activities making friends on tour. Tina reading Alice in Wonderland and Jenny reading latest gossip magazine.
‘Nothing to do in the outback, Tina. Nothing but jungle. The Gold Coast, The Whitsundays, somewhere on the Barrier Reef, would be better.
Tina liked the sounds of those places too, but she is less fussy than her whining teen sister.
Hope I do not whine when I am a teenager, she thought.
‘Waah, Waah. Shut up already.’
Jenny gave Tina a dire look, she had not won many arguments with her teen sister, but knows Tina would never hit her, though they fought in public, other tourists here paid no heed.
‘Don’t tell me to shut up, we must be over a hundred kilometres from Darwin. I would have preferred to stay at that crocodile shaped hotel then this backpacker resort.’
The Crocodile shaped hotel in Jabiru, did look better than the Aurora Lodge, situated on the gateway into Kakadu. Jenny had whined about the long distances up here, but Maxine kept cool, though if Tina was mum, she might consider slapping Jenny.
The Aurora boasted lodge facilities, campgrounds, swimming pool, surrounded by bushland tropical gardens, and manicured lawns. This place is busy now, because of the winter down south, including Maxine, Jenny and Tina from Sydney.
The Laymon’s had done all Kakadu tours, with a huge group, exploring a great proportion of Australia’s largest national park, including scenic air flights. 
When Jenny complained about long distances. Tina informed Jenny Australia is a country with long never-ending distances all around and teased Jenny:  well, pay more attention in geography.
Tina admired some boys, and Jenny flirted with a boy her age.
‘See, it’s not so bad here.’ Tina said. ‘What’s wrong with this place? 
‘Were holidaying in the jungle and not on a coastline. No clubs or malls. Arnheim Land, is just space with a hole in the ground in the middle of it.’
‘You didn’t pay attention to the tour guide. That was a uranium mine dip head.’
‘You are a dip head.’
Tina did a recap, of the tours; Jenny admitted the view of Kakadu was spectacular. They had even watched crocodiles among green grassland, because of the monsoon in summer and thousands of white birds flying over trees and bushland. They both saw the Jabiru bird and aboriginal rock paintings.
‘Are you auditioning for the lifestyle channel.’ Jenny said. ‘No need to draw me a picture.
‘I know you are not too disappointed; you got a boyfriend: I know, you and him, sneaked off somewhere private.’
Jenny felt fierce. ‘Don’t tell anyone or I will feed you to the crocodiles.’
‘I won’t but I know you are impressed with this tour deep down.’
‘The crocodiles were fun and scary, and everything looked great from the air.’
‘I also saw something else; I wonder if any other tourists saw it.’
‘What did you see?’
‘The spirit of the outback.’
‘What?’
‘I got up last night to go to the bathroom, I did see you and some guy, but as I was about to go into the lodge, I saw something across the road. Moving in the moonlight. It was a girl who had come out of the woods. I believe I saw a ghost. She disappeared in front of me.’
Jenny snickered. ‘The top end sun has been frying your brain.’
Tina would have said the same thing to Jenny if it was the other way round.
‘Come out with me tonight, we make some excuse if anyone catches us: the bathroom, or a short stroll in the grounds will do.’
‘I don’t believe you but sure; you’re on.’
Jenny had heard ghost stories from school friends who had been to Kakadu and observed the friendly ghosts of aboriginal people. Jenny and Tina do not believe in ghosts, but that could change. Tina agreed with Jenny that her friends made things up to scare others, but the two sisters wanted to see for themselves.
‘You really believed you saw a ghost, Tina?’
No hesitation from Tina when she answered. ‘Yes, she disappeared like magic.’
Their mother and others are asleep, Jenny and Tina make themselves stay awake and able to sneak out into the warm night, with a mild breeze and a sky full of stars. The girls cross the road into the bush staying close together, mum would be mad at one or two if they got lost and lose her cool. 
The girls slightly afraid hoping there is no danger as they walk among the trees and freeze.
An eerie feeling hit the girls, but curiosity kept them moving.
A little black girl surrounded by an aura of white lights, all around her body revealing an old, battered dress, steps out from behind a tree. She looks either seven or eight, with dark hair. She speaks in a gentle voice.
‘Over two hundred years ago, we moved to Kakadu from Tasmania, after white man took the land. We had to move, I passed away while walking with my mother. I was sick, never knew how bad it was. I fainted where you stand now.’
Jenny and Tina had tears running down their cheeks.
‘This is your land, no one should take it from you.’ Tina said. ‘What is your name and are there others?’
Milla is the girls name that Jenny and Tina thought to be a pretty name.
‘Don’t shed tears for me. Our families and ancestors are together, we are the spirits who live on eternally. We will always be here.’
Jenny and Tina stopped weeping and smiled at Milla, who smiled back.
Tina and Jenny made a promise to Milla that they will not talk about this to anyone, and they planned to keep that promise forever.
‘Goodbye.’ Milla said.
She waved, the sisters waved back and Milla is fading into white atoms than she is out of sight leaving the sisters in the darkness.
Next day again at poolside, Jenny and Tina in quiet conversation not wanting anyone to hear them talk about ghosts.
‘Milla made the white man sound rotten.’ Jenny said. ‘I don’t know much history.’
‘Jenny, some people believe white men stole the land because of selfish lust for dominance, some people believed white men took the land to make friendships, democracy and a better way of life.’
‘Everyone has a theory.’
‘Yes.’
The girls walked back to the lodge.
‘What do you believe Tina?’
‘I am not sure, we are maybe too young to understand, but I believe everything Milla said is true.’
‘Tina. I would be happy to come back here again.’
Tina is impressed with Jenny though her change is unexpected.
‘Me too. The spirits over Kakadu and elsewhere, makes you feel like that nothing never dies. The spirits committed to their lands, and they will never leave unless it’s their own free will.’
Jenny and Tina agreed that this is an experience they will never ever forget.
Next morning, Maxine is impressed, even shocked with Jenny liking this place, sometimes a trip to the countryside can do wonders for city folk, like it did for Jenny who now gained new-found respect for the outback with no beaches or malls.
The family had a free day to relax, the tour bus departed for Darwin in the evening. Jenny like some other tourists napped on the bus, Maxine gently pushed back the wing of hair that had fallen over her face back, the sleeping girl smiles dreaming about Milla.
Tina looks out the window, sees what no one else can: ghosts walk among trees surrounded by the white aura light round their bodies. Spirits of Kakadu: Children, parents, grandparents, no one awake can see this except for Tina, as she watches the ghosts walk the land, she knows that they will always be here.
THE END
*
THE WISHING GIRL
*
There is no evidence of phenomena for sceptics and atheists like Fiona Hudson until after her dental visit, weird as that sounds it is true.
‘Are you fucking shitting me?’
Fiona not afraid to say what she feels. The receptionist at the dentist’s office not frightened, is persistent in getting Fiona to come back. There were two strangers in the waiting room looking on.
‘You charged me four hundred for a filling. Now I am fucking broke. Jesus Christ!’
‘Fiona. Language please.  I urge you to make an appointment. You have tooth decay and numerous cavities.’
‘So do others. If the dentist profession catered to all instead of assholes, we would all have the teeth of a goddamn movie star.’
Fiona expected the receptionist to snap back or call police or something; that would be fine with Fiona. The woman kept the lectures coming.
‘Do you have any insurance, Fiona?’
‘No, I don’t have any fucking insurance. Even with that it still costs a fortune. I checked. Tell you what. You pay for all my work, and I don’t reimburse you.’
The woman is speechless. Fiona storms out.
Nothing scares Fiona Hudson, she spoke what she felt on her mind, winning more arguments than she had lost. Quick to anger with a powerful female masculine voice, most people would rather pretend to agree with Fiona then argue, even her boyfriend who loved her a lot and she loved him a lot.
If he disagreed with Fiona, he would then move onto another subject. They had both known each other since high school, he played football, heaven help any team if Fiona were a coach or an umpire, he would joke with her, she could take it.
Fiona Hudson twenty worked at McDonalds like her boyfriend, not the same one. She had only worked in one had used simple backchat with no language, just rage.
Fiona had been suspended from High School months before her graduation for smuggling cigarettes, beer and weed. 
Fiona often told her teachers to get fucked.
Fiona is from a middle-class family, only child, no one in her family had College educations, after high school they entered the workplace. Fiona had done the same. She had had jobs for a short time while in high school, fired for swearing at rude customers. Her parents, sure the family got along, her mother more macho than her father. 
The parents did not mind Fiona using foul language and getting low grades.
Fiona good at netball; parents worked for big sport companies. The family enjoyed tennis. Fiona played average, cool to losing all the time, not her game, she quit. Fiona preferred hanging out with friends at cinemas, football games in winter, or arcades and malls.
Yes, Fiona did have some limits, but bad to the bone. She had firm belief that all people should stand up for themselves, she had never cried, not since she was a little girl, before the parents toughened her up and advised be macho and she is more macho then most male and females.
Fiona suffered all sorts of trouble through her young life, from hitting other children when little. She told many teachers and others to fuck off. At football games She had been made to leave after swearing at referees when her team was losing: The Canterbury Bulldogs. 
She had shoplifted jewellery when she was twelve and with her parents. Fiona did the wrong thing more than once, where as her boyfriend mostly learned the first time though had second times, nothing like his partner.
Fiona always spoke her mind, she shared all opinions, even on politics and religion, some people agreed, and others would stay away: Fiona is quick to anger and had lots of falling outs. Not undefeated, if losing she would tell her opponents to chill and not blow a gasket and walk away.
Fiona from a young age had no fear, in trouble a lot for back chat to teachers and family. She had thrown rocks at a house window of a person she hated at the age of nine and got into trouble by police and not allowed near property. All trouble, like telling children and grownups to get fucked, pushing ahead of others in lines, demanding her parents buy her what she liked at the time. 
She had screamed and shouted a lot even in public, she is not one for crying, she had stopped that long ago.  Her teen years, she went through laziness: fuck everyone, I am number one and my needs come first. Her parents were like that in their youth but not bad as Fiona. 
She had had a feud with a family of the boy who took her virginity when Fiona was fifteen, he was sixteen. She never saw the boy again. Never mind, she thought, well both move on and fuck someone else. 
Fiona had strangers telling her too either not be so loud or use foul language or request she and her boyfriend whoever that would be at the time to behave when committing any naughty sexual acts. Fiona’s response to those people would be suck my twat.
Her boyfriend Gordon Lightfoot is not the type to swear or threaten people unless it was in defence or he choose to be persistent at getting something he wanted, with the boundary understanding. 
His family were all sport coaches, and he had been a behaved child though he was rough house in sport, and feuded with fellow players and coaches, he had done several bad things over his lifetime, but never committed the same guilty thing twice unlike his girlfriend he loved. 
Fiona’s parents got on with Gordon, though they made him a little nervous, he kept cool among them.
They lived in a rented apartment near to their work in the city, both permanent part time making enough money to cover rental costs and other burdens. They loved each other, but Gordon is more intimate than Fiona, he often commented it was the girls who were all into this love and intimacy shit. 
Fiona’s response: ‘You’re a good fuck Gordy. I love you too.’
Fiona sits on the sofa watching a zombie horror film, she liked zombie stuff, lots of blood and guts. Gordon walked in and greeted his partner who sat down and had a beer with her. 
They both enjoyed The Walking Dead, they had two action figures of characters from the show. Gordon had an action figure of Daryl with the crossbow and Fiona had one of Richonne, the woman who kicked zombie ass.
Gordon is a football player for his local team who enjoyed NRL League and AFL football. He lives in Qld originally from Victoria like Fiona. 
Both followed Canterbury bulldogs in NRL. Fiona had encounters with security staff at a lot of Bulldogs Games, yelling mean swear words at officials several times. 
Gordon did once when their team was losing. They occasionally got to Sydney with mates and some Bulldogs supporters to see the games live. In AFL they followed Carlton.
The zombie film ended, and Fiona told Gordon about the dentist.
‘Jesus.’ Gordon said. ‘Just to fix cracked teeth. It is no wonder lots of people have ugly teeth. You have to be a goddamn millionaire.’
Fiona today wondered if wishes came true like her friends told her. Bullshit.
She wished that dentists would lose peoples business and go bankrupt. When she lied naked in bed with Gordon that night, she shared that with him.
‘You know honey. That could happen. With rising inflation and people tightening their belts, the dentists might lose patient’s.’
‘I wish my teeth would fix themselves.’ Fiona said. They did that shocked Fiona.
Fiona stepped out of bed naked the next morning and went into the bathroom, standing in front of the mirror to check the face and hair. She opened her mouth to yawn and paused then screamed.
‘Fucking Jesus!’
Her teeth are all fixed. Top bottom front back. Beautiful pearly whites. She looked like a movie star. She kept staring. She is frightened yet happy.
‘No! No!’
Fiona knows she is awake.
Gordon in a robe rushed into the bathroom.
‘Babe what is it.’
Fiona stuttered; she had never done that in her life always saying the first thing that came to her head even agreeing or arguing political issues not caring if she made friends or enemies; this time words failed.
‘My teeth.’
She opened her mouth and Gordon saw her teeth leaving him stunned.
‘No way, that’s not them. Are those fake?’
Fiona played with them, she even tried to wiggle them and tap the front top teeth with a can of Gordon’s shaving cream to confirm the firmness. Better not break them, she thought, or she would have to pay for work.
Fiona did not believe in miracles. Two days ago, she told a Mormon off. He knocked on the door and started on about Jesus.
‘Fuck off. I’m an atheist.’
 The man blessed her only to be told to fuck off and Fiona yelling.
‘If there is a God, he or she is the world’s biggest asshole.’
Fiona is not scared, she had T. Shirts that literally said fuck fear, and others that contained the word bitch, she did not mind calling herself that word, though Gordon did not think she needed too, because she is not. Fiona did not mind being called that. Gordon who agreed with fuck fear felt a little scared, yet happy.
‘They might go back to their normal selves.’ Fiona said. ‘Damaged.’
Fiona and Gordon paced and let the subject drop, they are curious, the couple are unafraid and easily focus on the task at hand, even if they had a supernatural occurrence, that could still happen.
Today is Saturday, he had football. Gordon managed to graduate high school, despite several detentions for rudeness to weak sport players and teachers. He met Fiona at detention and hit it off. 
He knows she is tougher than him not thinking about boundaries, she is a little smart. Fiona had a boyfriend and Gordon would move in on her, he would fight the boyfriend. The guy said. Have her mate it is your funeral. That was easy.
Gordon loved her, it is rare for them to disagree, and he had never won an argument with her and knew when to back down before she exploded.
He remembered the time a kid on a skateboard almost knocked them over. Fiona swiped the skateboard threatening to hit the kid with it, he fled. Fiona took the skateboard and hocked it, heckling with the guy at the pawn shop, until both agreed on a reasonable sum of money.
She stands still for a second and makes a wish, most people do that, but Fiona’s wishes come true. Dentists are out of business and living in poverty.
Fiona stands mobile, no need to close eyes and thinks of something and wishes for it. Her wishes are all coming true. She does this often and tunes into the news more than she did in the past.
The year moves on and Fiona’s wishes come true.
The news is all about Dentists over the world closing their practice over the past year among top stories. Some dentists able to retire for life while others search for new employment.
What was good timing for Fiona: she saw the dentist who fixed her damaged teeth earlier this year walking past her and Gordon in the city. He looked upset.
‘Serves you dickheads right!’ Fiona snapped at him.
He kept walking avoiding eye contact.
‘That’s right! Fuck off!’
Gordon snickered wondering if the former dentist would snap.
He loves her more now, getting joy out of watching Fiona yell at some rich prick: a dentist. He loved her more when she and Gordon gave their seats on a bus to an old couple. ‘Park it. Grandma and Grandad. Fiona said. They did and gave thanks.
Fiona felt great pride in herself due to world events she made happen.
Fiona Hudson made a wish and there was justified violence. Rapists, Paedophiles, murderers had committed suicide. Homicide suicide cases over the country. There was the case of one rapist putting his head under a lawnmower: the young man lifted the mower onto two wheels and stuck his head onto the moving blades.
A murderer stuck his hand down a garbage disposal in front of his wife. Due to Fiona’s evil wishing the wife looked at the grotesque corpse and only said: ‘Fucking hell, George I only cleaned in here yesterday.
*
Fiona Hudson is enjoying herself. All she must do is wish, think or say it and in moments it comes true. 
She sometimes feels like that girl in Paranormal Activity 1 stalked by an unknown demon, if a demon like that is after Fiona, she would not be afraid, we all must die sometime. Once she said to an old boyfriend, if there is a devil, and I must sell my soul for wealth and power; I would do it. 
She did not believe in religion only scientific explanations, if there is a God, well God is bloody useless and her knowledge of God: not allowed to have any fun, must be miserable, that was what she believed, but there is no heaven and hell, even though she has this power to wish whatever she wanted. 
Fiona Hudson will always be an atheist like her family and Gordon. Fiona feels like a goddess. 
Two of Fiona’s high school teachers both males stabbed each other at lunch with forks in the eye, they had died instantly due to Fiona’s dangerous yet considerate wishing.
Guys arrested for murder or assault jumped off high buildings leaving Messages saying, they were guilty.
Fiona had most foes jumping off buildings. Others walked into hectic traffic and were run down or struck and thrown up into the air. Some criminals even jumped in front of moving trains.
Fiona would understand peoples shock at horror witnessed but they would be grateful that these people were criminals and got what they deserved. She did not get all the bad guys, she would.
Fiona and Gordon become millionaires thanks to her wishing and buy a penthouse at the Gold Coast. An old man and young blonde are leaving. Gordon believed there was a thirty or even forty-year age gap between them. 
Gordon assumed she would bleed the old man dry from his money because she is beautiful and can-do way better. Gold digger.
‘What is the matter honey, you can’t do any better?’ Fiona asked.
They said nothing. Gordon and the blonde flaunted.
‘Don’t think about it Gordie. I might turn her into a fat hooker.’
‘I believe that. Can you wish me the blonde dragon lady from Game of Thrones?’
‘If I do that, I get Jon Snow. No wet dreams. Gordon, I have this gift. I do not give a flying fuck how I got it. Scientific or supernatural, I do not care. I plan to enjoy it for justice and fun for however long it lasts. Paranormal Activity in my mouth.’
Fiona and Gordon still the same people with better lifestyle. Keep this secret to yourself or be sent to some funny farm where people in white coats roam. If anyone asked how Fiona got her money or any other possession, she would say fluke win or no one’s business.
*
A year later, Gordon and Fiona settled; brought places for their families, lived free. Gordon played football for a Gold Coast team. The couple made friends and partied anytime. Fiona kept wishing unless the power deserted her and things could take a horrible turn, yet they would focus on that when and if it happened. 
  Fiona kept wishing for more money and her and Gordon’s bank account kept getting higher.
Fiona would see her political views on all subjects from the economy, immigration, medical insurance and education go her way no matter who it affected.
Headlines from newspapers in Fiona and Gordon’s penthouse apartment
WORLD PEACE DECLARED
WEEKLY PENSION SALARIES
DENTISTS MOVED TO PUBLIC HOSPITALS
AIDS AND CANCER CURED
RETIREMENT AGE NOW 50
HIGH PUBLIC-SCHOOL FUNDING
Fiona is not anxious to find out why she had this power, she wanted to revel in it. Fiona and Gordon lied to their families saying they had a big financial win, but refuse to elaborate, they agreed no one not even relatives know where they got their money. 
They would not talk about wishing or they would be a laughingstock; be understandable to the couple being sceptics themselves. 
Fiona felt herself growing stronger, for now the world is hers.
THE END
*
THE STUD KILLER
*
A written confession by Valek Gould.
If you are a hit with the ladies, I will kill you. I am the stud killer.
Richard Morton the bouncer I killed at the back of a nightclub with a Phillips screwdriver plunged deep into the neck. Grant Nesbitt, I murdered outside a girl’s house as he entered his vehicle. I plunged the screwdriver into his eye then neck. 
Hugh Vermont. A musician and lead male actor. I found him in a backstage dressing room and plunged the screwdriver into the back of his neck. Three weeks ago, I was invited to a mate’s party and would get together with my girlfriend Tammy.
My name is Valek Gould I work as a key cutter in the shopping mall. I drink a lot and watch sport, never thinking I would take up killing for fun.
What made me break was Tammy, the bitch lied to me. I snapped. We hung out never fucked, only been together for a short time. Was I a sucker: been the victim of numerous rejections without grudges; had not been with a woman often? 
Tammy beautiful and I am built but not athletic and my looks are average; I am clean cut but not a hotshot celebrity, I turned up at the party and walked in, I saw Tammy laughing with another guy, Bill Pullen? My age and making out with Tammy.
I snapped and got rough, I am macho and do not mind a fight. Bill backed away and I had to be restrained by other guys. I swore at Tammy and Bill as I was escorted out, several mates restraining me.
Tammy Kingsford, a liar pretending to like me and ditch me, she had done this with several other men, I did not think it would happen to me, I did not find out until after I phoned her next day and she said, not exact words. “You’re not my type and I lied, I thought I’d want you but no, you’re not what I want, my man has to be perfect.”
I told her she was a fucking bitch and hung up. Hate name calling. I was pissed and unable to think. The studs I killed, I knew them, not socially just from around.
I saw the Phillips screwdriver in my garage, I lived with a flatmate.
Killing popped into my head and that night I killed the bouncer then others. These guys I had observed bonding with different ladies.
Next night I picked a lock at Bill Pullen’s house-I knew this technique from a mate, I do not know how he learned this, but the guy was arrested for breaking and entering in another city I was told.
*
I found Bill and Tammy asleep. I plunged the Phillips screwdriver into his eye. He woke up screaming. I removed the screwdriver and stabbed Bill in the neck and took it out.
I went after Tammy. She did not make it out of the bedroom, and I grabbed her head and with all my rage strength turned her head all the way round.
I was arrested.
I exited quietly out the back yard and as I was about to step onto the footpath. The police grabbed me. I tried to run but two other guys almost big as me tackled me and held me down and my screwdriver in a coat pocket was found.
Police had phone calls about screaming coming from a house. Busted.
I have given a written confession and been recorded. I am in jail for life, but I am happy with what I did. I write this down, good to get your feelings out on paper…well for me anyway.
Prison is not great. I wish I could leave. If I had to do it all over again I would. I was reckless but when you snap, the brain seems to leave your head, I felt that way. My family still care for me despite my killing spree.
People can snap, and God only knows what stupid thing they will do. I had therapy in prison and said what I am writing down.
One more thing: if I get out and see a stud, even a celebrity, they better keep away from me unless they want to get killed.
THE END
*
RAPUNZEL
*
For eight years since she was sixteen, the sexy blonde Rapunzel remains a prisoner in the high tower miles outside the village of Nofun cut off from civilisation hoping her lover Prince Hormon will free her from this lonely depression.
The priestess who placed Rapunzel in the tower, never gave her real name, she obligingly and voluntarily had everyone call her miss goody two shoes, because she never broke any laws in her lifetime.
Hormon never had people poke fun at his name, he never thought about it, but that is his real name, and he has raging hormones, been from one woman too another, sometimes he had had five women a day: a good-looking guy who never suffered rejection but kept his gloats to himself. 
Rapunzel and Hormon born into wealth, a Christian family, unlike Hormon’s non-religious family.
Since childhood Rapunzel hated the village of Nofun run by religious priests doing their god’s biddings: no feasts, no dancing, no celebration of any sort and worse, especially for the males: no sex.
A religious community, where good times are forbidden, and church services run freely day and night. People go to their daily jobs and then must sit around and talk and pray all about religion to satisfy the kingdom’s God. Fun is outlawed, people would be sentenced by a court and locked in the towers or evicted from the kingdom. 
Rapunzel and Hormon are the first this have happened too. Nofun commanded no fun well for sinners anyway.
Rapunzel and Hormon took a stroll one night, she sneaked away from a boring Preachers service, they been secretly meeting and love making being attracted physically and sexually to each other.
No one made fun of Hormon's surname back in those times seriously. 
In the present day, with a name like Hormon or similar they would want to be rough macho guys that no one tormented or have a jolly good sense of humour. The two lovers were caught romping naked in a barn, both sixteen when a priest helping the parents search for their children found them.
The couple went to trial and separated. Hormon had a day to pack and leave while guards escorted Rapunzel four hundred flights of stairs-a pain in the ass walk even for the real fit ones to climb that high in that era.
Rapunzel had meals brought to her; servants aided her personnel needs along with regular requirements. She never saw her family again, an only child like Hormon.
Rapunzel never got her haircut; she wore it up a lot, the back grew inches longer each day rapidly down past her feet, eventually the maids stopped cutting the locks shorter and let it go.
Rapunzel liked her hair longer; it might make a good rope. One night a call echoed up the outside into Rapunzel’s room, she had been masturbating over Hormon who visited her at least two nights a week and here he is, she never knows when he will turn up. He had been exiled. Hormon managed to be great with sneakiness.
‘Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your sexy hair.’
Rapunzel had done this before, the only way he could reach her, the iron doors cannot be broken, even with an axe, Hormon had tried, the sharp blade broke instead. Rapunzel let down her hair and the prince climbed pulling on her hair.
‘Oh shit!’ Rapunzel said. ‘Don’t pull my bloody hair hard.’ He has done this twice before, she wished he could fly, or she could.
Hormon climbed through her window and the pair embraced.
Later Rapunzel lied in his arms naked in bed, most of her hair on the floor.
‘If I can free you, there is a kingdom about thirty miles from here: Rotica. I work in another village as a farmhand but if I free you then we go to Rotica and make our fortune. Rotica also means erotica.’
Rotica the opposite of Nofun: no religion, just fiestas, drinking, dancing and lots of orgy’s day and night. Rapunzel liked this and the prince: a boy destined to become a prince; stripped of that privilege though to Rapunzel he is still a prince.
The night took a bad turn when the iron door slammed open and four high priests holding lamps entered. Rapunzel screamed. Hormon tried to fight and got clobbered by a priest’s truncheon. Rapunzel copped the same.
Next morning Rapunzel and Hormon woke up in the forest lost from human life. The prince had been cursed by a priest: blind, Rapunzel nursed her lovers head, a tear fell into his eye, that did not cure his illness. The prince is in darkness afraid what might happen.
Rapunzel and Hormon ate the berries of the forest, and she got her bearings. She chopped off her overgrown hair with a reasonably sharp rock found in the desert, felt much better, if only her man would get better.
Following her instinct until fate intervened and a sign appeared as they walked miles from outside their own village. Minutes later they found the sign:
ROTICA
DRINKING AND ORGYS ALL NIGHT
NEVER SLEEPING
20 MILES.
 Happiness greeted them; they had made it by nightfall. Rotica meaning erotica and fun is allowed in this village. Yes, fun instead of no fun.
Better deal with Hormon first than have fun, she thought. Rapunzel looked for a doctor in the kingdom where celebrations took place and brothels are open. Businesspeople serve alcohol and receive terrific pay.
Rapunzel meets a man who is a doctor, he tells her to restore his sight. A threesome. Right away Rapunzel liked the sound though being straight she had never done anything like this before. A nurse blonde, Rapunzel’s age touches the prince’s face.
Hormon did not know what was happening, in darkness, missing the surrounding beauty. Now the prince will come out of dark blackness and into the light and beauty.
‘Lie down sweet prince.’ She commands.
He rests on a comfortable bed in a private room.
‘Let us do this Rapunzel.’
‘Who was that Rapunzel?’
‘You won’t be blind any longer sweet prince, the curse will be lifted.’
‘How?’
‘A threesome.’ Rapunzel told him.
He did not know she was bi-sexual. It made him happy and hard.
Hormon’s hormones came to life, full of excitement, his eyesight returned and there was Rapunzel and another blonde beauty naked on the bed either side of him.
When a man has a threesome-the male’s fantasy-any supernatural curse will be lifted.
Hormon thought Rapunzel might be screwing with his head. She is screwing but not with his head.
Rapunzel and Hormon and sometimes a female friend partied into the evening Happily, ever after.
THE END.
*
RAVENSCROSS
*
1
A demon and his niece dominated the ghost town community of Ravenscross. Town's locals serve their supreme Ruler enjoying immortality. Ravenscross claimed all who dared venture in. Nobody learned the secrets of the town. Those who did, never lived to tell.
More than a century since the town known as Ravenscross was first settled. Just five streets made up the town:  two long parallel streets, Herseley and Bennet and three smaller streets, at the bottom of the longer streets Rubing Street boasted four shops: post office, grocer, fruit market and paper shop.
Between the long streets lay a park where a seesaw, a couple of swings, a slippery slide, some park benches and a few tall trees are scattered. Stanford and Ekka streets completed the township with a small block of land between the two containing eight houses. 
The first house started on the corner of Herseley and Stanford. Alongside is number two the middle house in Stanford Street; eight houses running around one block.
A world dominated by technology; the ghosts of Ravenscross lived in an old-fashioned town, slight knowledge of the outside world. The town’s ruler alone can reach out to any part of the world, something he intends to do soon.
Not much to Ravenscross. Bennet Street boasted a cemetery, a morgue and a church. In Herseley Street, a police station, hospital and school. The rest of the town consisted of just small acres of land.
The unique unorthodox town of Ravenscross, little to see in a what looks like a deserted town is not. The city of Toowoomba out east is the closest community to Ravenscross. 
Civilians know of Ravenscross, rumours throughout the city and Downs said that no one had lived in the town over the past 100 years. People had travelled to Ravenscross and never returned. 
Not only those from the district, people all over Queensland, and interstate, had journeyed to the mystery town and never to see home again. The town held a morbid fascination for many from sceptics to religious fanatics and paranormal believers. 
Not even the police force and other law authorities were comfortable with the town they heard so much about vanished.
Throughout the twentieth century since the early 1900's after the town was built, literally millions of disappearances happened in Ravenscross and the numbers still increasing. 
No one today, not even the technical experts always up to date knew the history and total losses in Ravenscross.
Searches organized; those people would go missing too. 
People feared their loved ones or close associates were dead-feared the worst-or assume its simple abandonment without explaining themselves, no one finds answers, so eventually hope was lost, and the ones who suffered losses of their close ones continued their lives wondering about Ravenscross; not even the internet could help.
Mark Talbot wanted the assignment in Ravenscross. Editor George McGee, stressed Mark did not have to take the job. George did not like the thought; one of his journalists vanishing into thin air if that was what happened in Ravenscross. 
He had faith in Mark and sent him off with warnings to watch out with the unknown people of Ravenscross.
Mark a loner late thirties no intention to marry. His parents passed on, no living relatives. He inherited the family home, not the banks and twice a month he had different escorts in his home, nothing wrong with that.
A shiver of fear, he drove off the highway into the town wondering if he would be abducted and get to enjoy precious life.
A battered old sign on Rubing Street proclaimed:
WELCOME
TO
RAVENSCROSS
Monday morning after 9 o'clock the town looked deserted.
Mark could not believe how small the place is. The shop windows advertised their trades, through darkness is inside. Mark never seen a place compact as Ravenscross, so small. Whoever constructed this town really liked to see everything so close together. It is an odd settlement; he is extremely interested.
Mark not a tough guy who preferred to squeal to different authorities when he was upset by someone wondered if Ravenscross is full of killers and lynch mobs that would go for him, he is alone. Here and cannot squeal to anyone for help.
He is a sceptic who laughed at other journalists who think Ravenscross is a town full of alien abductions, he interviewed true supernatural believers last week and maintained laughter, knowing there is a logical explanation here. Still, he feels a cold chill cover, his beating heart, not knowing why.
He turned into Bennet Street and pulled over opposite the park glancing at the ancient church and cemetery. He locked the car: strolled over to the park and saw movement. He could not tell who was behind one of the tall trees near the playground,
Mark moved for a closer look. He felt an eerie sensation: the silence in Ravenscross made him nervous. People believed Ravenscross haunted, Mark did not believe the bull, but he did feel tempted to get in his vehicle, and head back to Toowoomba; the atmosphere made him nervous.
Relax he thought; there is an explanation. He believed that; it was going to be a weird one: where are the workers? The paper Mark worked for had given him local stories of people in his community. He had covered people winning awards, yearly Toowoomba events, sport stories, even sweet old ladies involved with cooking competitions. 
He did his job but wanted something big. He had never done any homicides.
Mark requested the Ravenscross story after covering the carnival of flowers last year. He wanted something challenging instead of parades, floats, flowers and gardens. Ravenscross popped into his head when he covered some old ladies garden story; boring. Next day he saw his editor: negative Mark had other assignments.
Mark carried out his assignments when George tried to find a new task, Mark hit George with Ravenscross again. George feared for his employees, safety and his own reputation: he did not want to send this man to be killed or abducted; whatever happened to people in the mysterious town of Ravenscross.
Mark did not know why he wanted the job, something different then little old ladies and people’s gardens, he told George who laughed.
Mark persisted best as he could, even promised George that if anything happened to him, no one would be held responsible. George had to think hard, he is a sceptic too, when he thinks of Ravenscross he assumes some dangerous criminal activity and still does not want to send any employee into an unknown danger zone.
Mark's assignment confidential between him and George. Mark's idea. George worried; Mark kept persisting, no grovelling. George gave the green light. 
Mark is in Ravenscross. It is ironic no people in sight on a workday, also scary. Mark who did not scare easy felt spooked as he entered the town.
'George maybe right.' he muttered. 'Maybe there is something criminally frightening about this town.'
He scanned the area; he is not alone: Someone moved among the trees into his view, he saw a child emerging and went on the swing. Her long black curls tied with a pink ribbon. She wore a white dress, white sandals and socks to match. She must like white, he thought. 
Mark went over and sat on the other swing. The reporter chilled by the look of hate in the young girl's eyes as she stared at him.
'Hello. What is your name? I am Mark Talbot. I have come all the way from Toowoomba.' he ventured charmingly.
'I'm Lucy Rose. I am nine years old, and I do know that I shouldn't talk to unworthy strangers.'
She spoke in a threatening, soft kind of way. She had a frown that looked like it could scare an adult and a child. Mark could tell this girl was prone to temper. He was a reporter and knew how to be unbiased, he had to be, it was a journalist code of ethics, and even if Mark would watch his limits. 
Lucy Rose was a sinister looking child. He felt like he was in a film meeting the evil twin of the nice one. Mark played it cool.
'We know each other now, so we're not strangers, Lucy.'
Ignoring Lucy’s unfriendly stare Mark glanced across the park at the houses, which looked ancient and unoccupied as the shops, the morgue and the church gave him a cold spined chill.
'Lucy, where is everybody?'
She looked through him. 'People do what they want here.'
'I don't get you.'
'We are free.' Lucy said. She slipped off the swing before running across the park going into the middle house.
A fast, little mover, he thought. One moment she is here, the next, she is not.
Thinking he would visit one of the houses in the hope of seeing someone who could tell him something, Mark got off the swing then turned as he heard a door close. He jumped.
A priest walks from the church, as Mark watched, the purple cassock and brimmed hat, which looked a like a flying saucer to the naked eye at long range-disappear into the middle house. The old man just walked up the street, did not look his way, he did notice a smear on the face as the priest walked up the street.
A priest and a child, well done Mark, now where is everybody else?
He felt tempted to leave; yes, he did want to come here despite jitters, and he had never had trouble with his nerves since working as a journalist, except when he begun. He knew how to be persistent. 
Mark did not care much about reactions just getting the story was more important than any other commitment.   
Ravenscross had him trembling like a frightened child. He wanted to leave yet wanted to stay. He stuck to the job of investigating Ravenscross besides there might be a great reward of fame and fortune if he could get the scope on Ravenscross. I will find out about this damn Ravenscross he thought. 
Other journalists have failed to pick up search of a Ravenscross story, not me.
Mark walked up to Stanford Street, looking at numbers painted on the front of the houses, there are no letterboxes.
He looked up at number two. It was different from other houses, taller with a sloping rather than a flat roof. It had three windows. One was high up with the others side by side down low, about a meter apart. Outside was an archway and a path that led to the front door.
Mark knocked and heard footsteps approaching. The door opened. It is the priest. He was an elderly gentleman. About 60 or maybe older, Mark thought.
'Mark. I am Harry Pine, Lucy Rose's uncle. She told me who you were, come in.'
Mark hesitated controlling, the trembles in his body. The inside of the house reminded him of the shops: nothing to see inside except empty darkness.
'Come in. 'the priest repeated.
Mark stepped inside. He got startled and unnerved as the door clicked closed behind him.
People move fast here, he thought.
He followed the priest up the stairs passed several large dark rooms before climbing another flight to an attic with a table in front of the window. On the table was an incredibly old and battered black journal. 
The priest picked it up and handed it to Mark. There was no picture on the cover, just the words: Resurrection of Afterlife by Anthony Pine.
Mark opened the journal. There were only a few pages filled in, handwritten in ink. Mark flipped through, he saw the pages numbered in the top right corner: 56; the words were in running writing, some are easy to read and others difficult. He assumed that this was never a published work.      
'My father penned the book. 'Harry Pine said. 'A priest obsessed madly with the subject of reincarnation.'
Harry snatched the journal and put it aside. Mark did not know why something about this man said do not dispute, he could not recall meeting anyone like that in his life. Something about the bold evil stare at least he smiled, more of an evil smear unlike the child in the park.  
Mark is surprised: the priest like the child is voluntarily telling him stuff before he can ask a question. Mark is frightened: Monday morning and he has met two freaks; old man and child.
'Mark, would you share your blood with me? to live a better life of splendid immortality?'
Mark felt his heart freeze, he wondered if he is going to have a heart attack. He had no thoughts of laughing at the ludicrous question cause the eerie atmosphere is inside the house like outside over the town.
'Mark: if I murder you. I can bring you back again. A new existence.’
Mark went slack jawed. He appears to be with a madman.
'I better be...going.'
The teeth chattered when the evil smear on the priest grew wider. Mark looked into Harry's eyes, first when he saw Harry, the eyes were greenish, now they are pupil crimson dots.
Mark's knees trembled, he turned to leave. He went to the door now closed; it is stuck like it is plastered to one spot.
'No escape Mark.' Harry said. His voice aggressive
Mark turned to face Harry.
The priest walked over to the wall to Mark's right. He walked into it, then through it face first and gone.
Mark is stunned. The priest reappeared up through the floor. Mark screamed.
'Follow me, Mark. 'He demanded.
Mark stopped screaming. 'Get a hold of yourself.'  He said silently to himself. He had to face facts: no illusion this is real.
Harry Pine looked into the eyes of Mark and placed him into a trance: the journalist had been compelled by the force unleashed.
Mark felt a gnawing feeling at his brain, like his cells were being scrambled, he no longer had control of his own self. The ghost has taken over. Mark is still wide awake under the priest’s power.
He followed Harry. Walked out the house and down the street to the church. Harry's powers made Mark walk a straight path, he could not progress of that path, he tried to move, the dark force did not allow him to go sidelong.
They arrived at the church. Mark felt a heavy weight lifted off his body, the priest broke his dark curse, Mark can move. He took advantage and failed. Mark made a run for his car, across the street. Mark reached the vehicle and is greeted by a friendly smile from the priest, who is standing in front of the driver’s door. 
Mark did not stop to think about how he could move so fast.
Harry grabbed the back of Mark's neck and slammed his head into the side of the door, knocking Mark unconscious.
That night Harry took the car with Mark in it out to the Highway; passed the welcome sign. Harry looked at the vehicle and it hovered into the air and glided forwards then Harry settled the vehicle onto the road.
Town’s people gathered around, all types of normal looking people, young and old, even children with their mums and dads, they all boasted severe expressions of hatred. Lucy Rose stood next to Harry in front of the car and fellow spirits.
‘Inhabitants. 'Harry said. 'This man poses a threat to us. He wanted to expose Ravenscross to the world outside and bring our downfall. I have probed his mind. Mark Talbot is greedy. He wanted to expose Ravenscross in order to achieve great wealth. He will not join us: he is not worthy. Lucy you can do the honours.'
Lucy faced the car, reporter sprawled in the backseat of the vehicle. He was starting to come around, no idea how long he had been knocked out. His head hurt, now another blow would hit him.
Lucy looked at the vehicle, victim inside. The car started to catch fire. This was the power of one child. Flames of fire erupted up from the seats, next the sound of Mark screaming, the fire spread through the car, and the vehicle exploded.
No one said nothing they just stood there-old people, middle-aged people and children of various ages watched as the car burned.
The locals began to walk away while Harry and Lucy watched the car burn.
'He had to depart. 'Lucy said.
'I know.' Harry replied, looking pleased with himself.
Lucy shot a brief smile, something she did not do much. Harry looked at the burning wreck and laughed softly to himself. Harry Pine and Lucy Rose always took pride in whatever act of evil was committed here in Ravenscross.
Both uncle and niece dominated the town and would continue to do so, though they foresee future challenges, unable to gather the results, so they would remain alert all the time, day and night. They cleared their heads of any worry for now and focused on the happiness of the ghosts in Ravenscross and hoped there would be more outsiders stopping by.
*
Two days passed, George McGee is worried and concerned about Mark Talbot; should have been back by now. It was not like Mark to go disappearing. 
He did not want to go to Ravenscross. The sound of that place gave him chills just thinking about it, he had to find out what happened to his employee? Mark could be heading back to Toowoomba, having a party in Ravenscross or heaven forbid he been killed or abducted by some aliens, pathetic as that sounded, he refused to believe that.
One early evening he drove up the highway. He did not have work the following day, so the lateness of the hour did not bother him. He told his wife and child he had to go to the office and edit some news stories for forthcoming issues. She believed him. 
He kept composed not letting the family see his fear: the thought of going to Ravenscross chilled more than interested him. George saw the town ahead on the highway. The streetlights burn bright or something like streetlights.
About a kilometre outside of town there was a figure standing on the road. It was a priest. If George did not slow down, the priest is finished if he does not move.
The headlights shined on the old man. George saw him clearly. He smiled. George yelled out for him to move, he stayed. George failed to stop in time, as he jammed on the brakes. The car screeched along the road. The priest just stood there.
The car passed through the priest an ice-cold frost feeling passed through George for a few seconds.  The car skidded, rolled on its side, sliding off the grass verge and down a hill before slamming into a tree and bursting into flames.
Harry Pine watched with an amused look on his face before heading back to Ravenscross to bond with all the other ghosts. Harry looks forward to tomorrow evening. He knows there will be a family arriving with a child, he looked forward to it.
They had no connection to Mark Talbot, but the child will be another new playmate for Lucy Rose hovered into the air watching for more visitors. Nothing but time here. For more than a century they lived as ghosts. 
She never reached actual womanhood, but she is comfortable with that like her uncle who floated in the night sky next to her looking down at the town.   
More visitors tomorrow.                                   
2
Local pubs known for all kinds of action. Tonight, would be one of those evenings. On the outskirts of Toowoomba, before the start of the highway leading west out of town is a pub. 
Marshall Speers, the present owner; had inherited the freehold of the hotel from his father. It was a popular watering hole for locals after work, for couples and families who enjoyed the home-cooked lunches and dinners. 
Travellers: found it a welcome sight, there was always a pleasant cold beverage for and company; especially beer, many regular’s old-timers in the district and always happy to share the history of the Darling Downs in exchange for a drink or two; it was a peaceful pub too, until one night when the door banged open?
A busy time for the bar, nearing 7 o'clock with patrons taking their last drinks before heading home for dinner, or whatever plans they had; the pub dining room begins to fill. Marshall Speers was chitchatting to one of his regulars. Les Snobes had been in the district for all his 82 years and Speers was the beneficiary of much of his waking time.
Everybody turned at the sound of the doors banging apart. A man, in his thirties rushed in. Pale, with a look of terror on his face, he took a quick look around running to the corner of the room where Marshall was leaning over the bar talking to his old consumer.
'Have you seen a woman with a child, a young girl come in?' He asked the publican.
'I've seen several today, who are you looking for?'
Speers asked.
Speers hoped he was not a madman; guy appeared normal, despite a state of panic. People gawked; the stranger paid no heed. Speers hoped the intruder was not going to scare all the customers away; that would be bad business.
'Leon Kline. I am looking for my wife Janet, and my, daughter Jill.'
'They could be here.'
The visitor glanced at the faces now crowding in on him. 'They're not.'
He reached into his coat for a wallet and opening it showed a photograph of a pretty woman and equally attractive young girl.
'This is my wife and daughter.' he rushed on. 'I lost them in Ravenscross.' He noticed the quick glances between the men crowding around.
'We've been up north and heading back to Toowoomba, we stopped in some old place called Ravenscross. I had never heard of the place, and I was a bit worried we were lost; so, I parked outside some shops and while Janet and Jill strolled across to the park.
‘I had a look at the map. There was no Ravenscross mentioned on It, so I went into the newsagent to ask the way here.'
The crowd around the corner of the bar growing. Diners left meals to check on the interest. Marshall had never heard any one in his bar speak of Ravenscross, he had heard of the town and knew that people over Toowoomba spoke of that place like it had some curse on it. 
Marshall did not believe in demons, still Ravenscross gave him chills when Leon spoke the name of the town he had left.
'There was a man behind the counter…something. Something formless. I asked the way to Toowoomba. He did not speak. He walked towards...me. He was behind the counter…but then he was in front of it. He walked...right through the counter.'
There was a murmuring among the crowd as the man rushed on.
'I noticed the shop, everything covered in dust. No merchandise at all, just empty shelves.'
'I've heard things about that town.  'Speers said, as the crowd muttered and nodded heads in agreement. 'But surely there must be some explanation for the place. There has to be.'
'I saw it, I tell you. The papers in that shop filled with spider webs...and this thing...this man in the shop scared the bejesus out of me.
'I ran out of the shop…across the park. My wife and daughter gone. I called them, silence. I could not see them anywhere. I knocked on doors all over Ravenscross. I saw no one. The place was deserted. Why didn't I stay in Ravenscross, instead of running away like a terrified child? How could I be so stupid? They're my flesh and blood.’
Leon stopped to think to himself, for a moment, keeping it to himself, knowing that others might be wondering what he was thinking: a devoted family man fleeing in fear, forgetting his family members, but still Leon was committed to finding them, more than anything else.
'It was getting dark. I panicked. I had to get out of that place. I need someone to come back with me. Will any of you?' he pleaded to the crowd. 'I do not want to leave my wife and daughter in that place. I could not find any other place along the highway, till I arrived here.
Leon appeared to be in good shape for someone who drove to the nearest town after Ravenscross for God knows how long.
‘I decided to stop and ask for help. Will someone come too Ravenscross with me? For the safety in numbers and my two missing loved ones.'
The young man is desperate, nobody moved to his side. Finally, a stooped figure shrugged away from the bar.
'I'll come with you. 'Les Snobes said.
'Thank you! I'll call the police and we can head off.' Leon said.
Moments later Leon speeds back along the highway. Les Snobes terrified: Ravenscross, and Leon's speeding, over the limit, better watch out, he did not get caught.
Les a friendly citizen aiding anyone, knowing how to boost low morale better than others, did a lot of that in the army, in his younger days, now aiding one of the most frightened guys ever.
Marshall phoned the police instead of Leon in panic acting on instinct. He did not mention the story of a man walking through a counter, otherwise, he might be thought a mad joker, just reported a missing wife and child. An investigation was going to get underway, with a squad car headed outside from Toowoomba to Ravenscross.
Leon did not want to go back, but had too, cause Janet and Jill were in Ravenscross.  
'I've heard a lot about Ravenscross in my day, but I've never been there.' said Les. 'There have been stories about people heading there and never returning. A reporter chap went out there apparently and was never heard of again. His Editor disappeared as well. I tell you this Ravenscross is a big subject on the Downs. If it exists.'
'It exists.’ said Leon. 'What I saw was not an illusion. Neither was the man. He walked through the counter like a ghost.’
'Well.' Les said. 'When the police arrive, they might be able to find out what is going on. Think positive son; your loved ones will be fine waiting for you somewhere snug. Nothing to panic about, except financially if the police catch you exceeding the limit.'
The reassurance is obliging to Leon, the old timer not going to say "I hope so" poor Leon is distraught, a speeding ticket the last thing on his mind. Leon would pay several fines and put himself in poverty if that were what he had to do to see his wife and child. He felt stupid for running away in a fear of great panic. He would have to make it up to the wife and child for being reckless, conquered by great panic.
'The cops should be there by now. 'Leon said. 'I hope.'
The police arrived first, as Leon saw the lights of Ravenscross in the distance. 
A great yellowish glowing overhead light shone down from the sky over Ravenscross.  Leon and Les could see it from the highway; they were near their destination. it looked like a great glowing sphere when seen from the naked eye looking above. It gave chills to Leon and Les. They wanted to turn back but not without Jill and Janet. Leon wasn’t going to run a second time.
They were now outside Ravenscross, the town lit up several yards ahead. No streetlights, just a bright whitish glow from the sky.
Both men saw something off to the right. It was a police-patrol car on its roof halfway down a bank off the side of the road. Leon pulled over, he and Les rushed to the patrol car. Les was able to move fast a little, his old age reduced his speed. There was nobody in the car.
'What happened? 'Leon managed to ask before the car exploded throwing both men off their feet, diving into the high grass away from the explosion. They got to their feet. Les felt sore all over, least his ticker is fine for now.
A figure emerged through the flames of the wreck. A girl with an evil stare. Both men stood still as the girl walked towards them untouched out of the fire.
Leon rushed towards her and looked down at the child. 'You're a ghost too! 'He cried. 'Where are my wife and daughter?'
'My uncle is a priest.'  The girl replied, her voice now sweet. 'He saved them for immortality, and you’re welcome to join us, Leon. Jill and Janet are waiting for you. Before you see them, you need to sacrifice yourself.'
What the fuck was she sprouting on about? He did not want to know. Full of rage that replaced panic.  Leon charged at Lucy, straight through her ghostly body, he fell to the ground.
Lucy walked towards Les, he ran from her as she appeared in front of him. Les tumbled to the ground a roaring pain in his head, his heart thumping, straining to keep the blood flowing. He gasped fell to his knees clutching the chest. There was a sharp pain and growing darkness with the fading image of a young girl’s dark stare.
Leon started to run he had to go back into the town to hopefully find Janet and Jill; it is too late for Les.
The ground erupted into a giant bonfire He turned to run another way. Lucy stands before him in front of the bonfire she made happen, unharmed.
'Please don't leave. Your family awaits you.'
Leon screamed and spun around. He started running. His panic attacks increased with terror. He glanced behind him while moving and saw Lucy Rose floating through the air towards him. He ran into the town with no one in sight, except for Lucy who floated back down in front of him.
Leon fell to his knees. 'Please let me go, I won't say anything. You have already killed my family and many others. Isn't that enough? Let me go. 'He begged. He is weeping.
'We will murder you too. You can be with your family. My uncle will grant you instant death and eternal life.'
Leon could not recall last time he had been so scared. nothing compared to this nightmare-if only it were that-this is the most frightening moment of his life.
He felt chills freeze his backbone, as he made eye contact with the old man before him. He appeared out of thin air: it is Harry Pine. The man looked normal, the smile on his face pure evil, that would terrify any human or animal, whenever he looked upon someone or thing, now it is happening to Leon.
Leon screamed. Lucy shook her head.
Harry disappeared. Two men appear from nowhere and took Leon by the arms and led him to the church, Leon weeping did not think to fight.
There is no escape. Lucy called to two other men who had materialized in front of the church to go and get the body of the old man on the highway and take it to the church. 
Lucy watched Leon being taken into the church before heading back across to the park where she liked playing. She smiled. Ravenscross had gathered more citizens that night.
New citizens now ghosts are going to live a better life. Leon; woke up in the church. The morning sun threw a shaft of light from a high window. He sat up in a pew then stood and moved towards the open doors.
He felt different; no panic and no worries at all. He feels relaxed, unlike the previous night. He felt good strong and fit. He looked outside, the town crowded, full of people going about their daily business. Apparently, everyone appears happy and smiling.
Leon felt a spring in his step. He walked out of the church and saw two policemen walking up Herseley Street towards the police station.
Must have been the cops from last night, he wondered. He felt happiness and a love for this town. There is nothing to no longer fear.
Leon walked down Bennet Street past the cemetery. There, Les Snobes, talking to another senior citizen in the old grocer shop. Les waved to him. Leon waved back. He saw Janet and Jill walking towards him.
He felt sudden joy on seeing them. It was no great shock to know that he was now a ghost like his wife and daughter. They were both beautiful still and full of joy with their new lives. like everyone else in the town.
Jill ran to her father, Janet followed. The three of them stood embracing. They are ghost’s but these ones can contact one another.
'Leon, we are free. We can do whatever we want when we want.' Janet said.
Leon smiled in acceptance.
They had become different people. Just like Les and the two policemen: eternal happiness. It had been the best family vacation ever, and unlike other trips away, this one would not end, and that was terrific for the Kline family.
‘Hey Jill, want to play.’ Lucy Rose called from across the park.
Jill ran to play with her new friend for eternity.
Ravenscross is full of supernatural history.
3
Nicole had been rambling when Ricky heard the telepathic Call. Mid-thirties, Ricky Stone and Nicole Goldman lived in a run-down apartment that satisfied their needs. No desire to buy a house.
‘Lots of couples rush into house buying, no thought about forthcoming financial burdens.’ Ricky said. ‘We may not be college educated but were wiser than most.’
Ricky an adopted child after losing his parents as a child and a high school drop-out worked as a building window cleaner, a job he found just all right, no happiness with it. 
Nicole was a dress designer who finished high school and went to college. She met Ricky through a dating agency, and they hit it off in minutes after their first rendezvous. 
They had been a couple for over ten years and engaged for two months, he proposed in bed. Apart from ten pin bowling with mates, they liked to both fuck each other a lot. Both in their mid-thirties, they had sexual urges with spare time bonking. Ricky wanted her tonight like any other night. He would soon change his mind.
‘Children would be nice, though let us wait till were thoroughly ready.’ Nicole said.’ I am over thirty, but we can always work something out.’
Nicole rambled on about the wedding plans and the organising of everything.
(Ricky Stone it is Harry Pine.)
Ricky felt a mild chill, no movement. He looked around the Restaurant, they had the table to themselves, other couples in a distance and a family in the restaurant.
Ricky felt cold and he heard his heartbeat.
(Ricky return to Ravenscross.)
The voice makes a friendly invite, yet it compels.
(Remember me Ricky Stone)
Ricky shivered and fell off his chair, brief seconds later he came too. Nicole did not notice him starting to look afraid or distracted till he collapsed. Nicole had his head in her lap. He appeared fine. Restaurant staff and patrons surrounded the couple with great concern, staff might be worried Ricky got food poisoning. 
Nicole told everyone he was fine, just work stress, he needed a vacation. Nicole drives home, it was his car, but he was in no condition to drive. On the way back to the unit, Ricky told Nicole about memories of a man named Harry Pine in Ravenscross, and Nicole felt chilled all over.
4
More deaths in Ravenscross when Lucy met four teenagers a broke down car. They had been university students back from a week away at the Gold Coast. 
They had gotten lost with a wrong turn and ended up in Ravenscross.
Greg, his partner Laverne and another couple Randy and Jenny all studying to become future teachers; there would be no future.
The four born into middle class wealth looked worried, especially the women. They saw two flat tyres after stepping out of the vehicle.
Greg uttered “fuck” several times. He had purchased new tyres a month ago. The others slower to anger unlike Greg felt frustrated too.
Jenny is frightened, knowing of Ravenscross and somehow it abducts people, she shared with them staying awfully close to Randy.
‘Jenny, it’s all bullshit. This is a dump, ‘Greg said. He scanned the area, what a weird small place. Hard to believe people could live here.
‘I see a police station.’ Randy said.
No one could see a garage, so police station is best solution. Both Greg and Randy had run ins with the law: fined for speeding. The guys hoped the cop is not familiar.
The walk on this warm night chilled Jenny more than Laverne felt a light touch of fear that passed, Greg and Randy sceptical.
The town had no streetlights, Jenny noticed yet a dim lighting of whitish glowed down from the sky, giving the town a yellowish glow; none of the others noticed.
A light on in the police station. Nothing but old desks and a counter. No fancy furnishing, no technology or Policemen walking about. A young man stood behind the counter.
Greg. Laverne. Randy and Jenny. Lucy Rose informed me you Were here. She wants to see you herself.
‘What the fucking hell you on about?’ Greg said.
‘Honey chill.’ Laverne said.
The small child: Lucy Rose entered the station and looked at the policeman.
Jenny found the bold looking child frightening.
Laverne smiled at Lucy.
‘Hi sweetheart. You’re up late.’
They only looked away from the policeman for a few seconds.
They looked back and Lucy rests on top of the counter.
All four are frightened, Greg the least in a bad mood. They had to get back home to continue their university studies. Greg the most impatient did not give a flying fuck how the child moved from doorway to counter fast.
‘Lucy what is going on here?’ Randy asked.
Lucy found he sounded pleasant. She stared at them all.
‘You became stranded, now you never leave.’ The child said in her sweet voice looking evil as always.
Greg took control before she could speak.
‘No garage. No technology. We checked our mobile phones. No signal.’
Lucy’s eyes blazed red, and Greg felt his head hurt. She stared at the other three and their bodies glowed in red light that made flesh and bones vaporize into red atoms that faded to nothingness.
Greg screamed as his head hurt then it is over, his brain shuts down. He vanishes same was his friends left this earth.
Lucy decided to not let these ones join the ghosts of Ravenscross. She does not find them worthy to be living among the ghosts of Ravenscross.
5
Hungover Diane Anderson made the trip to Ravenscross in her Old vehicle searching for her missing grandparents after a string of nightmares involving her facing her grandparents in the town of Ravenscross. 
She ran up a small street to embrace them then they would disappear, and the sky would darken and hovering in the sky is an old looking priest with a big smile in old purple garb.
She woke up screaming only once out of the four times she had the nightmare. Her female flatmate had knocked on her bedroom door to check if she was fine. Diane said she was and told her flatmate she had had the same bullshit dream.
Diane Anderson delivered pizzas as well as work in a pizza joint, unhappy with her life she wanted to be an author-like numerous others-writing crime fiction like Elmore Leonard and Sue Grafton. In her early twenties she had suffered over a hundred rejections. She wished fame and fortune on herself.
Diane recalls an old high school memory of erupting into laughter while learning algebra, she flunked like most subjects except English. Diane who is a sceptic and atheist like Ricky Stone and Nicole Goldman did not care for bullshit subjects that she did not think people would need in life.
She treasured the memory of laughing hysterics over algebra. She had socialised with the wrong people, she loved alcohol and knew a friend who had weed, sometimes indulged in. She had gone through four boyfriends in three years. Like most men: past lovers failed at commitment. 
She had done several detentions for saying fuck to teachers when she did not approve of her grades and when she got into a slapstick with other students on school grounds. She had very few regrets, her favourite moment was during Algebra study. The male teacher crapped on about numbers and letters. 
Diane had snorted laughter and fell back on her chair managing to keep balance from falling over. She had yelled out in front of the class. ‘Boring.” She had friends who agreed and laughed in silence.
Diane had copped a detention, she shared with others that maths except the basic shit people need is boring. She did graduate high school. She had cheated from a smartass student at the school, she wanted to graduate so she offered a blow job it excited the guy, she obliged and passed. 
After graduation, the guy came to Diane, she told him to fuck off.
Diane had the weekends off and often hung out and chilled with mates, today she is alone. That annoying dream had been getting under her skin and she ended up being anxious to find out if her grandparents are still alive. 
She did not see them often, now she has these nightmares: they are in Ravenscross, a town Diane had heard about. A town she heard people say that those who enter never leave.
She clutched her aching head, able to stay focused.
Diane felt sick, alcohol in her felt it is time to puke it up. She saw a sign saying welcome to Ravenscross. She drove into the odd, settled town. There was a cemetery across the road from a school and children’s park. Deserted street and empty shops on a warm day. She parked the vehicle close to the park and exited the vehicle.
She needed a restroom, could not see one. She leaned against a tree in the park and threw up, several minutes later felt better. Diane looked around, no one in sight except a little brunette girl in a white dress who came up to Diane’s shoulders.
The girl’s shady stare chilled Diane but it is good to finally see someone.
‘Hello.’ Diane said. ‘Sorry you had to see me throw up.’
The child looked at Diane’s stomach content: the mess disappeared. Diane freezes staring at the child.
‘How?’
‘I’m Lucy Rose and you are Diane Anderson.’
‘How did you know my name?’
‘We know everything here.’
Diane had a headache. She is not up to several questions.
‘Lucy, I feel ill, too much alcohol last night.’
Lucy grabbed Diane’s hand. Diane felt cold all over with a pleasant sensation dominating her body. The headache is gone, and she no longer feels sick. She believes she can go home and play some netball with female friends.
She is a good netball player, yet also a great lover of alcohol. She has no addictions but knows the hangover and sometimes not fit for netball.
Diane smiled at Lucy who never responded.
‘I don’t know why you are here Diane. You are invited to be a guest at my uncle’s church.’
‘Lucy what is this place? Ravenscross yes, but what is this place?’
Lucy still holding Diane’s Hand took the girl cross the street and led her into the church to be greeted by the priest Harry Pine. Diane who is all well faints.
6
The bible salesman had arrived in Ravenscross as Diane Anderson rests in Harry Pine’s church. Hubert Kerr who is religious to the core had never broken a commandment. A goody two shoes who in his thirties never been laid remaining sex free until marriage.
Always a good boy born into a religious family never got into trouble in his life except when he was thirteen and caught masturbating to a playboy by his mom got the strap and has been straight ever since.
Hubert had been educated in private schools but had dealt with tormentors. He squealed on them. God would punish them; he is faithful of that.
Hubert Kerr arrived in Ravenscross and parked outside somebodies, house. He knocked on the old wooden door. A blonde girl about ten answered, she stared at Hubert.
He greeted her with pleasantness. ‘Hi there. I speak to your Mummy or daddy.’
A woman who happened to be the child’s mother appeared.
‘Afternoon. I am Hubert Kerr. Could I sell you some Bibles? and we can discuss the words of Jesus.’
‘Leave.’ The woman told him. ‘We don’t require your services here.’ The door was slammed into Hubert’s face, he is used to that, this woman was one of the people who did not give him a chance to be persistent.
Hubert could have walked the block but decided to drive and park around the corner and knock-on doors.
Hubert stepped into the vehicle that is empty then when he sees the passenger side. He sees a child he does not know her name is Lucy Rose.
He is startled and smiles at the child’s cold stare.
‘Get out.’ Lucy orders.
Before Hubert responds, the door is open, he is yanked outwards by an invisible force onto the ground. The preacher Harry Pine Stares at Hubert on the ground.
Harry smiles and points, Hubert is lifted rocketed through the air and crashes down to earth uninjured. Hubert is afraid but God will help.
‘I’m a servant of God.’
‘There is no God here bible man.’
Harry points to the vehicle that hovers in the air placing Hubert into shock, unable to gasp what he observes. Lucy now beside her uncle.
The car is above Hubert who is frozen to the ground upright under the influence of Harry Pine’s dark power.
‘God help me.’ He whimpers.
The mother and child stand either side of Harry and Lucy staring at the frightened salesman.
Harry releases and the car falls down crushing Hubert underneath.
Harry smiled looking at the damaged car and amputated legs sticking out from underneath the car. He looked and everything disappeared.
7
Nicole Goldman had been persistent into following her partner into Ravenscross. Ricky told Nicole about a childhood incident one evening in the bedroom.
The Stone family heading home to Toowoomba after a vacation took a wrong turn and came to Ravenscross, the odd settlement of a town. The father thought the police station might be able to help, there were not many people walking around.
The family had left the vehicle and only eight Ricky Stone feels afraid of Lucy Rose who stands outside the police station.
The priest appeared behind the mother and father and looked at the pair. Their heads banged together so fast; they fell and died on the spot. Ricky screamed. Through tears he saw the evil grin of the priest known as Harry Pine.
Ricky fled the town in terror, making good distance for a child, gotten onto the highway and walked side of the road in shock. He was picked up by some crazy teenagers breaking the speed limit. The law breaking two couples aided the child and took Ricky to his next of kin.
When Ricky spoke to the medics and authorities, he only remembered seeing his parents fall and die. Presumed dead there was a memorial and Ricky ended up being adopted.
Searches for Ricky’s parents were made, no luck. Searchers who went to Ravenscross never returned home.
Ricky got better and all he remembers that his parents died in Ravenscross, no memory how, then it all came back to him in the restaurant.
He was able to stay focused in the week and Nicole kept him entertained wearing the sexy Wonder Woman outfit that turned the guy on.
Ricky is a Wonder Woman fan. He liked the Marvel and DC comic characters since childhood, mostly Wonder Woman and Cat Woman. To him Nicole is a sexy Wonder Woman who is blonde instead of brunette. 
Nicole liked crime novels and films mostly stuff like The Blacklist. The CSI shows and the books of Patricia Cornwall, Sue Grafton and Thomas Harris.
The couple indulged their entertainment weeks despite worrying. They argued this morning. She wanted to be with her lover, he wanted his partner to stay safe. Neither had a strong voice. Nicole put a bit of exclamation into hers. He let her follow him to the unknown town of Ravenscross, telling her we do not split up.
Nicole drove, they entered the town that gave them a cold feeling in their heart, especially Ricky.
Nicole parked the vehicle behind another one near the children’s park. They saw parents playing with their kids including the Kline family who were in the paper this week.
‘I don’t like the layout of this place.’ Nicole said. ‘It is compact but not in the normal sense. You, ok?’
Ricky stepped out of the vehicle; Nicole followed. At the church across the street, he saw the girl. He remembered her, did not know the name but they had met.
Ricky walked to her, her voice sweet, her stare eerie. ‘Hi Ricky. I am Lucy Rose. I saw you when you were a child. You fled in terror.’
‘He nodded.
‘The priest?’
‘Yes Ricky. That is Harry Pine my uncle, the ruler of   Ravenscross. Come on in and we might be able to answer any questions.’
8
The evening before, Harry Pine hovered in the night sky in the glowing light he made appear and disappear. He did this many nights and up here he can foresee who will be venturing into his town tomorrow or the following week. 
Time to call Ricky Stone back. He had done so this week from high up sending telepathic message that he can send anywhere to the outside world.
Harry and Lucy more powerful than anyone in Ravenscross, had met many strangers worthy and unworthy of the town, so many tales, they remembered well. Ghosts and summon them here, people answered, even the non-believers arrived.
This is heaven. his obsessed father priest was an afterlife fan interested in the occult and of course wrote a book that only his son had read. Harry’s mother passed away long before the father wrote the book at an old age. 
He was just a regular preacher until he read fathers’ book. His father passed away and Harry read the book and killed himself afterwards then came to life in Ravenscross over a century ago. In the book Anthony Pine sold his soul to the devil so he said. The book gave Harry his power: he read the book, cut his throat and became a ghost after his death.
The priest ruled the town. People now ghosts could indulge in their hobbies of fitness or things that relaxed the mind. No one had to work. Demonic magic kept everything looking good. The weather in Ravenscross is the same as anywhere in the world. The ghosts did not feel hot or cold. Rain or thunder.
A busy week. A professional exorcist from Sydney New South Wales entered Ravenscross. The man old as Harry used various chants to rid evil spirits. Harry walked through the man’s body, and he fell dead after the heart stopped beating.
A young reporter who came into Ravenscross hoped to find a scoop; Mark Talbot and his associates it seemed could not find. 
One guy trespassed and entered the morgue following a beautiful smiling blonde woman. He did not think why she was going into a morgue. The guy an easy sucker for all the beautiful women followed his temptation. He looked around inside. Nobody until a voice went “boo!’ a frightening old male voice. The guy turned and saw Harry Pine.
 ‘Unworthy!’ Harry roared.
The guy fainted. Moments later woke up lying down in a dark place. He called for help then screamed. 
The guy is in a crematorium and Harry using his demonic powers lights up the place and the young man burned to death. Not many deaths this week but over the century there had been so many numerous happenings in this community.
The night before Lucy Rose floated up into the air and joined her uncle in the sky hovering by his side looking down at the town under the dark priests lighting spell.
Lucy had found many items over the years from VCRs to DVD players. Walkman’s and stereo systems, that all did not work in Ravenscross. Portable devices worked, until batteries ran down, Lucy would wave a hand over the device, and it would crumble to atoms.
Lucy read books by author Anne Rice loved the Vampire Chronicles. Hated Twilight series but enjoyed the Harry Potter novels. She treasured Interview with A Vampire cause of the female vampire child who wanted to grow up but could not. Lucy is like that except she is satisfied as an immortal child ghost.
She had viewed movies on portable devices. She loved ghost films and vampires, enjoyed The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones with her uncle and friends. Portable devices are popular here. 
They did not have any connection to the outside world, but newspapers would sometimes appear in people’s vehicles and outsiders spoke of the happy and terrifying events of the outside world.
Just recently, a man Lucy only met in the past ventured into Ravenscross. A Malcolm Davis, who was a middle-aged priest had performed a chant over some graves and smoke appeared and vanished: he had exorcised ghosts. Malcolm had several years ago was an assistant to an exorcist removed a demonic curse from some young girl who spoke in languages. Malcolm not an exorcist but boasted great knowledge on the subject had decided to visit Ravenscross to see if it is occupied with demonic activity. Malcolm had observed two elderly gentlemen walking the town talking until they literally just disappeared. 
Malcolm drove to Ravenscross, the settlement is old, and he felt terror grip and clutch at his heart, the senses told him something phenomenal is alive. After he saw the two guys vanish, he had spotted the cemetery and behold. A ghost figure of a young girl rise-up and smiled at him. He uttered a foreign chant, and the slight knowledge of exorcism made the ghost vanish. Malcolm only eliminated the one ghost. He felt a hand touch his shoulder that turned the body into a feeling of froze- ice. Malcolm turned around to see the priest who is Harry Pine. The priest’s hand touched Malcolm’s chest and went through it, and he felt the hand of the ghost touch his heart. It is gentle and killed. Malcolm fell dead. Harry did bring Malcolm back to life he is now a ghost. 
Harry is generous to Malcolm; he summoned the man’s wife and daughter one evening as they slept using telepathy. They showed up two days later after a brief discussion: they had had the same nightmare of a voice summoning two nights in a row. The mother and daughter arrived, they are greeted by Lucy Rose who kills them fast by hovering upwards and through their bodies. She and her uncle knew how to use this ability. The women fell dead, and Harry brings them back as ghosts. Family together again.
Lucy Rose after she became a ghost killed her mother and father as they slept cutting their necks, then Harry brought them back to life. Lucy let Harry cut her throat. He obliged. Next day she is a ghost.
She observed numerous pictures of beaches and palm trees, she had found the look of those places attractive. In Ravenscross she agreed with her uncle that every day is heaven, and you do what you want. She believed it would stay that way, even after tomorrow when the couple would arrive.
9
Lucy led Ricky and Nicole into the church where they met Diane Anderson in a pew up the front close to the altar where the priest Harry Pine stood.
Nicole thought he looked like a charming man, as the girl appeared more frightening. Ricky and Harry stared at one another; evil grin widened.
‘Hope I didn’t startle you too much when I summoned you, Ricky.’
Ricky shrugged. He kept thinking about his mum and dad.
The couple sat next to Diane, and they spoke among one another while Harry Pine and Lucy Rose had a whispered discussion at the altar. They faced the guests.
‘I won’t communicate long.’ Harry said. ‘There is no heaven. When you are dead; this will be paradise. No magical rainbows with palm trees and beaches. After your deaths I guarantee eternal salvation. What looks to you now as a small desert of non-entity will become divine sanctuary. 
‘Past abductions, several numerous incidents. Just recent an exorcist visited the town with a chant and ludicrous as it sounded two ghosts were killed. I had to kill this man: I stopped his heart and same for another who entered our sanctuary this week. Not a qualified exorcist, but he was smart, now he is here as one of us.’
Harry Pie regaled anecdotes of Ravenscross.
Four days ago, a young man a bad boy reputation back home came here on a dare. Lucy saw the guy step out of the vehicle and her capabilities able to foresee, she had to kill the young guy. As he entered, exiting the vehicle, Lucy with her intrepid stare made the vehicle explode.
People over the century have grown to accept Ravenscross bliss. There is no need for ocean view. No need for the beauty of the countryside. Heaven is here. You can pass time by just socialising with your own pleasantries. Some technological items cordless have made their way from the outside world. Eventually the gadgets break down.’
Ricky, Nicole and Diane felt desire to join. The humans did not find the ghosts here to be fear-provoking in appearance or the way they spoke, sounded no different than the mortals except they were undead. Harry and Lucy vanished.  
The humans wondered around and sat in the park. A glorious day like the last time Ricky was here, yet rain hail shine had no effect on the ghosts of Ravenscross.
After walking around Ravenscross, the ghosts were all sleeping but could wake up when they desired at will and pass out when they required. The three spoke about their lives to one another. Ricky and Nicole did not tell Diane they were sex fiends. 
Diane commented about a cemetery and morgue close to a school and park for children. They agreed it was demented settlement. Harry Pine mentioned past relatives of his were mad for demonic power and did not care about the town’s layout.
‘Sounds like it might be pleasant here after death.’ Diane said.’ ‘Yet more lives will be lost.’
‘None of us know any exorcism chants or are demonologists.’ Ricky said.
They spoke for minutes agreeing that life after death here sounded too good to be true but did not want to see others die.
‘Ponder your decision my friends.’ Harry commanded nicely before leaving the church.
Ricky, Nicole and Diane were free to wander, they sat in a park, surrounded by ghosts that looked human, now passed on and become ghosts who behaved like ordinary citizens.
The three talk and like the offer of living here as ghosts, temptation strong but not strong enough and all agree lives cannot be taken by ghosts.
They explored the small town speaking in silence. The ghosts cannot foresee any outcome and that made Ricky think.
Almost night-time when Harry arrives at the park with Lucy, to find three mortals holding hands making a circle, standing close. Other male and female ghosts decide to show up and see the strangers.
Ricky joined hands with the others, made a chant of his own, not a good one. He watched horror movies to give him an idea on how to combat evil. 
Nicole and Diane had no better ideas, they did not like Ricky’s plan and neither did he, yet it is worth a shot. If the effort is wasted the outsiders would find a way to remain together no matter what the ghosts in the town required and they would accept their fate, unafraid of death. 
They wanted no more innocents to perish.
The three visitors not killers came to an agreement after a real long discussion decided to end the abductions and deaths.
‘If there is a God. I command you in the name of all that is Righteousness to rid the town of Ravenscross of all evil demonisms back to all darkness.’ Ricky commanded.
They are still atheists, though they know they are among ghosts. Ricky believed evil can be conquered by people with all types of different beliefs.
The three held the circle. Harry and Lucy awe-stricken by the three sceptics for such a wily chant.
Lucy hovered into the air above the three and yelled. ‘Enough!’
Lightning flashed; thunder rumbled. The sky all evening black and Harry Pine for the first time in over a century looked petrified. 
The magical, enormous, gigantic lighting glow in the heavens appeared on fire suspended and spinning in the sky. Nicole and Diane screamed. Ricky commanded they do not break the circle.
A fireball sphere in slow rotation spun. It is about the size of the town and hovers spinning in the same spot in the clear evening sky that produces lightning flashes.
Ricky, Nicole and Diane, eyes now closed hold the circle move closer chanting. “I command the evil in Ravenscross departed”. They kept chanting that in murmurs. 
The three mortals know they are in a no-win situation, whatever happens next. The chant kept coming.
Diane and Nicole followed Ricky’s lead and chanted in unison. The three kept repeating their chant.
‘I command evil spirits in Ravenscross to depart.’
It is happening. The ghosts of people that have gathered in the park hoping to meet the three outsiders are screaming. They are fading into invisibility that is permanent. 
‘I command evil spirits in Ravenscross to depart forever.’
Men, women, children are vanishing into a white blur hiding their appearance. The white figures explode into white atoms. Ghosts are disappearing forever.
Harry and Lucy rose into the air. They floated towards Ricky and the two women with that little chant that caused a great disaster no evil being could foresee.
‘Stop!’ Harry demanded.	
‘I command evil spirits in Ravenscross to depart.’
Ghosts of Ravenscross disappearing first into white figure shaped spectres before exploding into atoms that fade into the evening.
There was a crack of thunder. Lucy screamed and it is over.
Lightning struck the fireball; it exploded and the town of Ravenscross destroyed by three in a circle, killing all the good and evil. The fireball that exploded fell to earth and a holy fire all white lit up the town destroying all the good and evil within.
No one saw their fate or learn why it happened this way. Harry Pine, for almost a century had conquered exorcists before, some with little difficulty. Outside doubter’s minimal belief in the supernatural arrive, the man has the women make up a limb in the moment chant and those few words bring the obliteration of Ravenscross. 
Head ghosts failed to foresee destruction from three people in a circle uttering some chant had they lived would have been rejuvenated in their outlook on life.
Unknown forces beyond the demon priests control occurred bringing down the ghost town of Ravenscross. Forces of light or darkness no one would ever know what killed the ghosts of Ravenscross. Might have been that priest who planned exorcism to be stopped by Harry Pine, but still the damage may have been or could lead to the downfall of the town. No one would learn.
Ricky, Nicole and Diane had caused the forces to defeat the ghosts he would not know if he or the other two had lived. It might have been time for Ravenscross to cease to exist. The mysterious holy fire that lasted a short time did magic and wiped out the town leaving nothing standing.
Nothing remained of Ravenscross, literally burned to the ground covered in ash. No debris or remains of the town to see, nothing for the scavenger except two items: A priest’s cassock and two white shoes that once belonged to Lucy Rose.
THE END
