Blood Moon 3
All Rights Reserved
Copyright©2015 Chandre Toye, Cody Toye
Published by Ink Blood Publishing
All Rights Reserved. This Book May Not Be Reproduced, Transmitted, Or Stored In Whole Or Part Or In Part By Any Means, Including Graphic, Electronic, Or Mechanical Without The Express Written Consent Of The Publisher Except In The Case Of Brief Quotations Embodied In Critical Articles And Reviews.
*~*~*
TOC
Dead Key
Snoodledoogen
Upon the November Moon
Oh Rats!
Karma
Freak Show
Sex Toy Terrorist
Welcome to the Dollhouse
Jimmy
Musical Chairs
My Friend, Death
Last Call
Credits
*~*~*
Dead Key
Early 1900’s
A loud banging could be heard all the way down the hall. It was not the sound of someone banging against a wall, or that of a rocking chair banging back and forth as an elderly lady sat knitting what was to be a grandchild's Christmas sweater. No, it was the banging you heard when someone was hard at work, with ideas and words flowing effortlessly as they slammed on the keys of an early 1900’s typewriter. It was still new at that stage, with black keys that were still stiff and had to be banged on in order for it to actually make an impression on the white paper that had been fed into it.
Charles Whittaker was the city’s leading writer on conspiracy theories, though most people thought him to be a crack-pot. His ideas and theories held no proof or even made sense, yet was fun and entertaining to read. Admit it, in the early 1900’s people needed to take their minds off of what was happening. Life as we know it now in modern times, was not so easy back then.
“I knew it! Now the world will know too.”
He banged furiously on the typewriter, in a hurry to get his article done before the newspapers went into print for the next day’s top stories. 
“I will make front page for this.” He muttered to himself under his breath as he lit yet another cigarette, the previous one still burning in the overflowing ashtray on the desk beside him.
He had done it, he had stumbled across the proof he needed to reveal the largest conspiracy the world had ever known, and he was about to blow the lid right off it. Oh he knew that there were going to be people angered and hurt. He knew he was taking a risk, but to him it was nothing, after all, what could they do? Awards and bountiful riches were going to be his. Or so he thought.
The door behind him creaked open, but he was so focused on the words that were appearing on the sheet of paper in front of him as he banged on the typewriter that he didn't even notice the large burly man with a vicious gleam in his eyes standing right behind him. Nor did he notice as the axe came swooshing down, cracking his skull and lodging itself deep as blood sprayed and poured down over his face, into his eyes and over the typewriter. The white paper was now nothing more than a soggy crimson mess. .
“I knew it.” A mere whisper escaped him as Charles Whittaker took his last breath, slumped over onto the typewriter and died. The intruder grimaced at the sight before him, turned on his heel and left as quietly as he had entered, leaving nothing but death behind him.
The door clicked closed just as the first bang on the typewriters keys could be heard. Over the bloodied soggy page it typed out one sentence. “The world will know.”
*~*~*
Present
“Perfect! Absolutely perfect! Baby, you know me so well. I love it, thank you!”
Thoughtful and kind, always supporting his hair-brained schemes, Donovan Reed adored his wife Ellie. Every so often he would come up with new ideas on how to make money quick, and Ellie always just smiled the same knowing smile and nodded. She adored her husband just as much, she loved how he made her smile and laugh, the way he treated her and doted on her every need. They were in a word, perfect.
It didn't bother her in the least that she had to be the main breadwinner, she enjoyed her job at the law firm where she had been made partner. She earned enough for them to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle, live in a nice little house in a decent neighborhood and never go without whatever was needed. Donovan had a brilliant mind, he was creative and innovative, even though some of his schemes failed most of the time; Ellie still found it amazing how even after so many failures, her husband would get up and try again.
This time he had decided to try his hand at writing and to her surprise, he was good, really good in fact. He also had a thing for antiques, their house was filled to the brim with it, so when Ellie had seen the old typewriter in the window of a small second-hand store, she absolutely had to get it for him. Yes, they had laptops and tablets and all the modern luxuries most middle-class people owned, but this was different. To actually see the words typed out on black and white was awe inspiring.
Donovan kissed his wife’s cheek and carried the heavy typewriter to his little study he had set up for himself at the far end of the house. He was excited about his new venture. All the research had been done on how to get published once his masterpiece was completed and he already had a few ideas on he was going to write about. A full length novel that was his aim. He knew it wouldn’t be easy, but he was positive that he could do it. Some of his short stories had already been published in a handful of magazines. A copy of each was neatly stacked on his desk beside him, and would keep him motivated.
With the typewriter neatly in place, Donovan made himself comfortable and fed the first blank sheet into it. Making sure he has it properly aligned. With his index finger, he started pressing down on each individual key, testing to see if they worked and whether or not there was still ink on the antique tape. So far so good.
The very last key he pressed just wouldn’t budge. He pressed harder, still nothing. The “period” button was just not responding. Still this didn’t deter him. He could always just add it in later with a pen when he was done so he shrugged the significance of it off.
With his test done, he removed the paper, crumpled it up and tossed it in the waste basket next to the desk before feeding yet another paper into the typewriter.
*~*~*
Late the same night, when the couple had retired to bed and all was peaceful and silent within the house, a sudden loud banging echoed through the halls. Ellie woke with a start, reached over and shook her husband awake. 
“Don... There’s someone in the house.” Her frightened whisper was barely audible.
With a loud yawn he merely turned over and shooed her hand off his shoulder.
“Go back to sleep Ellie. There’s no one.”
Ellie watched and listened in the darkness as Donovan fell back asleep, the only noise she could now hear was that of his rhythmic breathing and soft snores. She lay back down and closed her eyes. She was certain she wouldn’t sleep a wink, but only a handful of minutes passed before she too joined her husband back in the dream world, where all was right as rain.
Meanwhile down in the study, anybody close enough to see it, would have been frightened to death. A mist was hovering over the seat which Donovan had been occupying just a few hours earlier. Deep within the mist came the voice of a man...
“The world will know.” 
Slowly the words started appearing on the blank sheet which had been fed into the typewriter. Followed by a long row of the same period, which hadn’t previously worked. With a final loud bang on the keys, the mist dissipated.
The next few days the words went unnoticed, Donovan hadn’t really started his writing career and as such, had not been into his study. He was in for a shock when he finally did.
“Ellie!! Ellie!!”
His panicked voice echoed through the house. He sat down at the desk and pulled the sheet of paper out of the typewriter, held it closer to his face and started examining it from all angles.
“What now Don?” came the voice of an annoyed Ellie.
“I’m busy with an important account.”
He held the paper up for her to see.
“Is this some kind of joke?”
Ellie leaned in closer and saw the words. She saw the confused and irritated look on her husband’s face. Not understanding what the big deal was.
“Uhm...”
“I came in here and this was typed out. Also, the other day when I tried out all the keys, the period button had refused to work. Dammit Ellie. What’s the deal here?”
“You think I did this? I told you the other night that there was someone in the house. You refused to get up, all you did was blow me off!”
Rage filled her. How dare he accuse her of something this stupid! She had done something nice for him, had wanted him to get ahead in his writing career, and now he was pulling this? She wouldn't have it.
“Just tell me whether this is some kind of joke Ellie.”
His voice was pleading, but she wouldn't have any of it. She merely shook her head and walked off. Leaving him alone with the sheet of paper.
Maybe he had done it in his sleep, he’d been known to sleepwalk every so often. Maybe he had done it without realizing it. There had to be a perfectly logical explanation for it. Thus he let it go, shrugged it off and put it out of his mind.
*~*~*
His first novel. Excitement filled him as he fed the first blank sheet into the typewriter. This was it. He was going to be a novelist. Images of him standing on a podium, receiving an award for his debut book filled his mind. He would be a best-seller. He knew it.
He inhaled deeply and tried to focus. His fingertips skimming softly over the old worn keys of the antique typewriter.
“Chapter 1.”
For hours he sat by his desk, banging away at the keys. It was like something had come over him. He knew exactly what he wanted to write, the words came to him without hesitation. Inspiration was the word of the day, and he felt that he had enough of it to last him a lifetime.
By the time he stopped, the day had passed him by completely. It was pitch black outside. The only light was that of the small desk lamp beside him, which was dim and casting ominous shadows all around his small study. His neck hurt, he was tired, hungry and thirsty, yet he was still in good spirits. He had made progress. More than what he had hoped for, and he felt himself swell with self-pride. This was slowly becoming an addiction, and obsession. He wondered whether all writers felt the same kind of pride wash over them when they achieved as much as he had in one day.
Completed pages stood stacked on the corner of the desk. He knew he didn't even need to go through then, why would he? He was a proficient typist, hardly ever making any mistakes. He knew what each page contained.
With the day drawing to an end, he finally got up and left the typewriter. It was time to face life's responsibilities again.
In the living room of the house, Ellie sighed in relief. The banging had finally stopped. She was grateful that she would be at work the very next day, not having to listen to the infernal banging of the typewriter keys as her husband continued with his masterpiece.
Ellie couldn’t help but wonder whether things were OK between her and Donovan as she lay in bed that night. She peered over at her husband with worry etched all over her face. He seemed different somehow. Dark rings were under his eyes, he seemed distant and distracted. All through dinner she had noticed he was off-ish. She had prepared one of his favorite meals, Mac and Cheese with crispy bacon bits, but instead of gorging himself with second and thirds helpings, he merely picked at the food with his fork before finally declaring that he wasn’t all that hungry and getting up to go make himself comfortable in front of the TV.
She gave herself a mental shake, maybe he was just coming down with the flu, or perhaps it was the effort and stress of trying to be a writer that was getting to him. Either way, she would go to the store the next day and buy him some vitamins. That might help. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep with the sound of her husband’s soft snores acting as a lullaby.
*~*~*
The banging grew louder and louder, so loud in fact that it was starting to sound like gunshots.
Donovan just kept going, nothing and no one would stop him. All his focus was on the sheet of paper that had been fed into the typewriter once again. Even when that mailman had knocked on the door for a good fifteen minutes, he had not heard. Off in the distance a lawnmowers engine was humming as it cut the lawn of a neighbor. Within the house, the shrill ring of a land line could be heard, just not by Donovan. 
He had hardly slept the previous night, he found food bland and he couldn’t concentrate on anything besides writing, and so, that is just what he did. Hours went by, but there he sat, pouring words onto blank sheets of paper. The stack beside the typewriter growing larger by the hour. He was making immense progress.
*~*~*
A Few Weeks Later
Ellie was worried, genuinely worried. Something had snapped in her husband. He wasn't eating, he wasn't sleeping. All he did was sit in front of that stupid old typewriter and bang at the keys. He wouldn't even allow her into the study anymore, and he himself hardly ever left it. He had become obsessed. When she had asked him if she could read some of his finished chapters, he had refused, more than just refused, he had called her mad, accused her of trying to steal his work, told her to stay away. Now he kept the door to the study permanently locked. He went as far as to install an extra padlock hole into the door and hid the key away.
She was scared, scared of losing him, even more scared of what he might do. He had lost it.
“Frank, its Ellie... Yes, yes... I’m doing OK thanks.... The reason I’m calling... Frank I’m in desperate need of your help.....Don’s lost it.... Please could you just get him out the house for a while? He’s been stuck in the study for so long now, it’s been weeks.... Thank you. Talk soon.”
With the phone call over, she went to work on finding a locksmith nearby. She needed to get into that study, she needed to get hold of the typewriter. Something nagged at the back of her mind. A few days earlier she had been doing research on old typewriters and had come across a very old newspaper article. It mentioned a man that had been murdered over his typewriter, it mentioned his job, it also mentioned how even after the man’s death, the banging of the typewriter had been heard for days in the apartment he had lived and died in. The picture clipping in the article looked just like the typewriter she had bought her husband, and she could swear it was the same one. She had found out what the serial number had been, and needed to compare them. Only then would she know.
With key in hand, she slid it in the keyhole of the padlock, twisted and waited for it to click open. A deep sense of fear and dread filled her to the core the moment she entered the study. Heaps of papers stood stacked on the desk, crumpled papers littered the floor and even worse, the walls of the study was covered in writing. 
“The world will know.”
The room was cold and the smell was nauseating. Damp and mold was visible through rips in the wallpaper. 
It had only been a week or two since she had last set foot in the study, how this had happened baffled her. Ellie took a deep breath and stepped forward, further into the abnormal room. There it was, the typewriter. The object which she now feared more than anything. The cause of her life falling apart. It had taken hold of her husband. 
She instinctively knew that it was the same one she had read about. An eerie silence followed her as she reached out to lift the typewriter and turn it over. She shut her eyes for a second before allowing them to fall upon the serial number printed underneath. 
The loud bang startled her, she dropped the typewriter back onto the desk. She watched in horror as the keys started typing. How? There was no-one. Suddenly Ellie started choking. A thick mist came pouring out of the typewriter. It filled her nostrils and mouth. She couldn’t breathe. She flailed her arms and clawed at her chest and throat. Her eyes rolled in their sockets, and for Ellie Reed, the world went dark. 
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Over and over. The house trembled and shook. The windows rattled and picture frames shattered as they fell and hit the floor.
The once neat study was now a place of ruin and death.
*~*~*
Donovan could see the bright blue and red flashing lights of the police vehicle parked in front of his driveway. The lawn was littered with swarms of curious people who were being ushered away by deputies, to no avail. The once peaceful and quiet neighborhood was thrown into chaos. Not often were there police lights and sirens seen or heard. The rumors and gossip had already started.
As the car drew to a halt, he jumped out and sprinted to the front door of his house. He tore the door open and was met with handcuffs as he was read his rights.
“What’s the meaning of this?”
“Ellie! Ellie!”
“Mr Reed, please calm yourself. You understand the rights we just read to you, don’t you?”
“No! Like hell I do! What is this? Where is Ellie?”
“Mr Reed... You are under arrest for the murder of your wife Ellie Reed.”
He hardly heard what the arresting officer was saying. The study door swung open and as the gurney was pushed out, he clutched his abdomen, doubled over and expelled the contents of his stomach.
There, on the gurney, was his darling beautiful wife, dead. Before he could look away, his eyes caught the state of the study.
That was not how he had left it. He had neatly stacked his papers on the desk, emptied out the trash bin and lit a few sticks of incense. This was... Wrong. 
He watched as the officers packed up all his personal items. His papers, the typewriter. All his hard work.
“I didn’t do this! I swear! I loved my wife. Please! You have to believe me!”
*~*~*
“Choked and tortured to death”, that is what the police report said. The room where Ellie Reed had been found in by a neighbor who had heard the banging and crashing of furniture, had been trashed.
Pictures had been torn, frames lay broken, papers were strewn all over the house, and the study walls had been covered in the words “The world will know”.
 The same words had been written all over Ellie in ink. Ink which matched the ink tape in the typewriter.
The rumors and gossip hang thick in the air. Donovan Reed had lost his mind while trying to write a novel. He needed to be committed. He denied killing his wife. He had no recollection of trashing his own home. After a lengthy court case, he was sentenced to fifteen years in jail.
On the day of his sentencing, inside the police station where the arresting officer sat behind his desk, finishing out the paperwork concerning the case, behind the locked doors of the Evidence Room, a soft clicking sound started. At first it was too soft to be heard, till finally it turned into a loud banging, the loud banging of typewriter keys typing out the words “The world will know” one last time.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Snoodledoogen
“If all I do in life is get stoned and laugh like Winnie the Pooh, then I am a prime presidential candidate. Since I have no desire to become President, I decided it is time to do something truly extraordinary with my life. I will capture the Snoodledoogen.”
Gary stared directly into the camera and smiled for a brief moment, almost lethargic.
“If you are seeing this recording, my mission failed and I am dead. Don’t sweat the details. Just know that I died with my boots on. Some things in life are worth the risk.”
He watched the bright red bubble on top of his camcorder wither to a soft glow then extinguish itself completely. He pulled the disc from the high tech contraption and slid it into a large envelope. After writing “play me” on the front with the thick black ink of a permanent marker, he dropped it into the slide out drawer of his computer desk, a place he knows it will only be found upon his own demise.
Gary slowly unzipped his backpack, checking the contents thoroughly. After all, his very survival depended on his supplies. Pulling the thick leather bound journal from within, he zipped the survival gear up and strapped the heavy blade of his trusty knife to the side of his person.
Opening the blank journal to the first page, Gary felt excitement and fear wash over him. His car keys, his backpack, and his large metallic flashlight lay upon his bed. He was ready, if not overly anxious to begin his own monumental journey. He could not help himself, he needed to start documenting his day now. Right now.
Putting the felt tip of his pen against the parchment, he increased the pressure and hesitated for a brief moment. As early as he could remember, Gary learned to cherish these moments. You know the ones, the life changing moments that can never be undone. The beginning of something you KNOW will change your life forever. The golden moments in a world that has lost its shine. This was his gold in a world made of brass. Finally, he willed his hand to move.
*~*~*
Day 1
I am about to begin my monumental search for the Snoodledoogen. Before I begin my journey, I need to carefully examine my game plan. I currently reside upon my bed with my gear spread out all around me. I have my map unfolded and am in the middle of re-examining the path I have chosen for myself.  I feel as if I have missed something very vital and need to go through what I know in my head. 
I know the Snoodledoogen stories started sometime in the late 1800’s near a small town in Colorado. At that time, they believed it to be the work of the devil. It was an evil spirit sent to claim as many souls for Lucifer as it could in preparation for Armageddon. During this first encounter, supposed eye-witnesses claimed that the Snoodledoogen took the form of only two animals. It had the head of a snake and the body of a bear.
During this encounter, three men from a group of twelve scouts died at the hands of the Snoodledoogen. The rest came back in pretty rough shape and reeking of strong liquor. It was dismissed as nothing more than a bear attack. 
I have marked on my map a fifty mile radius and shall label it “bear attack” to remind me which event I will be basing my search off of.
Next time the Snoodledoogen was mention was some sixty years later and about two hundred miles north in the mountains. This occurrence changed the urban legend from a work of Satan to a Native American curse. This time, the Snoodledoogen took was described as having the head of a bear and the body of a wolf, but with the large antlers of a perfect trophy buck creeping out of the large bear skull. Only one survivor this time. What fascinates me is how quickly they dismissed this man’s terrifying accounts of the Snoodledoogen events. Unlike the first occurrence, the man that survived was a well-respected medical doctor with no prior reputation of alcoholism or mental illness.
I shall label this one “Bear Buck” and will put a star next to it on the map. This seems like a very realistic story, but not the starting point of my journey.
Where I plan to start is the scene of the latest crime, an occurrence that happened only six months ago.  A body was discovered a mere fifty miles west from the “Bear Buck” site. The facts from this event have taught me so much. It seems the Snoodledoogen was never disproved or caught NOT because it isn’t real, but because humanity was yet to invent the technology and scientific protocols needed. 
This time, people believe it to have the head of a ram, half a body of a buck, and the hind legs of a coyote. After thinking about it for some time, I came to the conclusion that the Snoodledoogen takes the shape of the most plentiful animals from the region it is in. Since hunters have thinned out herds of certain animals, the Snoodledoogen is forced to change every time it feeds.
They found the tracks, little prints that were a positive match to both buck and coyote. The little bit of fur they found wrapped in the mangled body of the victim has been positively identified as fur from a mountain goat. I shall name this site “Positive I.D.”
Today has been wasted on planning, but with any luck I will still make it to the “Positive I.D.” site before sundown to set up base camp. I truly believe that by working a fifty mile radius of each site, starting with the latest one and working backwards, I will find proof of the Snoodledoogen’s existence. If I am real lucky, I may even be able to get a picture or be able to bring home a carcass. Either way, my journey has finally began.
*~*~*
Day 2
This morning can only be described as a tragedy. After a very long trip into the mountains all I really wanted to do was rest. I worked diligently to set up my base camp but couldn’t seem to get it done in time. It was as if the god’s decided to take a giant whiz on my parade. 
The rain came trickling down at first, just enough to let me know how limited time really was. I got three out of the four poles driven through the canvas of my large dome tent when suddenly it began to pour down torrential rain.
Soaked and admittedly angry, I had no choice but to leave the vast majority of my gear locked in my car. Anyone that knows me though, knows it takes a little more than a toddler’s tantrum from mother-nature to get me to quit. I finished setting up my tent and pulled the motion sensors from the large back pack and set out on a long wet hike.
I hiked through the mountains, setting the sensors everywhere I could fathom. My boots sank deep into the soft earth as I walked and my vision was spotty, but I survived. 
I trudged past each of every one, waving my hands in front of the sensors that I had tightly fastened into the nook of the Oak Trees. The tests for those seemed to be a success. I could hear the tiny click of a shutter lens clamping shut in rapid succession. I was sure I would see a blurred image of my arm back at base camp. Well, if the computer was set up that is.
The real challenge was fixing the sensors that were hidden on the ground. Due to the mud and wind, they kept shifting. I walked past the path they were supposed to monitor and just as I had guessed, nothing but silence accompanied me.
I adjusted. I readjusted. It was no good. By the time I made my rounds, the damn things had slid out of position once more. I had no choice but to give up and try again later when the rain quit and the ground started to dry out.
For today, I would have to rely on the hanging sensors. I understand that it is better than nothing, but no one really knows how tall the Snoodledoogen is. Since he changes his image, he could very well sneak past if he had…the body of a rabbit.
Now back at base camp, I sit jotting down the events of today in this journal. I am frustrated. I am frustrated at this journal, this trip, and this whole day. The sun never came out and is gone completely now. I can hear the rain pelt off of the canvas tarp over my tent. All I can do at this point is get a good night sleep and hope tomorrow goes better.
*~*~*
Day 3
Today was a day of progress! The rain has stopped, the sun dried up the mud, and my breakfast was awesome. It was a great start to a great day. I finished setting up the workstation and reviewed the tapes from the hanging motion sensors. I didn’t allow myself to feel too bad when I found picture after picture of normal wildlife.
It seems there is an over-abundance of bats in this area. This gives me hope. I mention this for two reasons. First, if there are bats, there is probably a cave nearby. Although there is no mention of caves in any of the stories, logically, it would be the perfect dwelling for the Snoodledoogen. Secondly, since the Snoodledoogen seems to take the shape of the most common creatures, it would make sense if it now has evolved into a flying creature. A bat creature. The notion does send shivers down my spine, but also fills me with excitement.
With the rest of the sensors positioned on the ground, I set off to investigate. I found tracks from several different creatures nearby, but none that really caught my attention. I walked for what seemed like an eternity. I started up the north side of the mountain and worked in a clockwise pattern.
I discovered a small creek about fifteen miles east of the base-camp. I will mark this monumental occasion on my map. I am now convinced the Snoodledoogen remains at the “Positive I.D.” site. A stream to drink from has been confirmed. All I need now is to discover the cave. It would be of sound reasoning to think that an area of land that has water and shelter and an over -abundance of wildlife would be excuse enough for a creature to homestead.
I need to move the hanging sensors to the watering hole. For today though, I have spread powder all along the bank of the creek. If I am real lucky, I will be able to follow the footprints of the Snoodledoogen to discover the whereabouts of his cave.
It was nearly nightfall by the time I made it back to camp. It was such a busy day. I ate soup from a can, way too tired to cook. All and all today was a small victory. I just hope I can trick the foul creature into exposing some solid evidence of his existence soon.
*~*~*
Day 4
I am scared. Sometimes, the scariest thing in life is finding out that you are absolutely correct. When I woke up this morning and examined the pictures from last night, I was shocked.
It seems that the motion sensors near the creek had a close encounter with the Snoodledoogen. Sadly, I cannot pack up and go home just yet. It caught images of various body parts. Like a dummy, I had set them too close to the water and underestimated the size of the creature. A smart man would have placed sensors on both sides of the creek. Instead, I guess excitement overtook logic.
Here is what I found out about the Snoodledoogen. It appears that it does have wings. Tiny wings. I don’t think they are fully functional, due to the sheer size of the beast. I have a picture of a Mountain Lion head with blood smeared on its muzzle and connected to black fur. 
From another angle I see what appears to be a black bear. There is no indication that the bear isn’t anything more than just that, a regular black bear. I have to base my assumption on logic alone once again. Would a bear be at the same place and at the same time as a mountain lion? Is it a coincidence that the mountain lion head photo showed a tuft of black fur?
It isn’t real proof, but I know the truth. The third photo showed nothing more than the bear’s hind-legs and a small puff of white for a tail. A deer? The tail of a deer. It is hard to make out, but I am pretty sure that is what I was staring at.
This isn’t what scared me. After breakfast, I snatched up my camera and headed towards the creek in hopes of finding footprints. There it was, right in front of me, all the proof I myself needed. A trail of powder, with a distinct blend of feline and bear trailed off from the motion sensors and away from the creek. 
My fingers went crazy pressing the button of my thirty five millimeter camera. I zoomed in and zoomed out, I hung from a branch and I stood back. I allowed the wide angled lens of my camera capture the footprints from every position my creative brain could conjure.
Then I set out on the tedious task of following the trail. At first, the prints seemed to lead nowhere in particular. They went deeper and deeper into the mountain before coming down in a very wide arc. 
After following them for nearly two hours, I found myself looking upon the original motion sensors I had set on my second day here. The Snoodledoogen is very clever! The trail darted to the right and behind the sensors. It was if it could see them and knew right away that it was a trap. I walked past the sensors and further into the wooded area. 
Once again, I felt like it was random, like it was a wild goose chase and the Snoodledoogen was merely amusing itself at my expense. The trail came to an abrupt stop.
I couldn’t tell if the powder was finally finished and faded beyond my ability to see it or if the creature slept here last night. I searched the area, looking for the cave but to no avail. I caught a glimpse of something blue shining in the sunlight a mere fifty feet ahead of me. Past the branches and thorny bushes of the forest I could see my tent. I felt my heart catch in my throat.
The Snoodledoogen is real. He is real and he is watching me.
*~*~*
Day 5
I am tired and hungry. During the overnight hours, I heard the sounds of snapping branches a mere ten feet away. I tried to drift away and let the healing power of sleep calm my nerves but failed miserably. At some point of the night, I could remember the rapid inhalation and nasty grunting sounds of a beast outside of my tent.
I tried to ignore this. I would like to pretend it was my imagination, but the footprints proves otherwise. It was here. Right here. The only thing that separated it from me was an inch and a half of canvas fabric. Why didn’t it attack me?
I started the morning as I always do, by reviewing the tapes. Dead animals. The lens of each motion sensor was completely covered by the bloody rotting carcass of the mountain life. I stare blankly into the dead eyes of a mangled crow in one frame. I could barely see the blurred stripes of a dead raccoon from the creek cameras. 
It was now obvious. The Snoodledoogen was toying with me. I was being hunted. I spent today testing my boundaries. I would attempt to slowly unzip my tent with the intention of grabbing whatever food I could. I was so hungry. It was right there upon the makeshift shelf near the pit of ashes from yesterday’s fire. Right there. Just out of reach.
I heard a loud growl and stampeding footsteps. I quickly zip up the tent and remain motionless, fear the only thing driving me. The silhouette danced on the walls of my tent, the definitive proof I needed. I did not care. The Snoodledoogen was not going to ever let me leave this canvas prison.
It slept. It lay just on the outside of my fabric doorway, blocking off my only escape route. I desperately wanted to sleep as well, I could feel my eyes try to shut involuntarily. NO! I MUSTN’T.
I kept myself distracted and attempted to think my way out of this situation. The tiny canteen I had with me would only sustain my thirst for another day. That was if I was conservative. The sun beat down on me. It heated the inside and turned it into an oven.  During midday it was so hot that I could actually see the semi-translucent waves of heat that danced inside my tent. I so desperately want to unzip the door, to feel the rush of air upon my face.
I am miserable. I have now been awake for almost thirty six hours. The sun has finally gone away and my prison has cooled off some. The hunger pangs are sharp and precise and my water supply is now completely finished. In the corner of my tent is a small puddle of urine. I regret that decision but couldn’t hold it any longer. The smell is awful but I have no choice but to tolerate it. 
I don’t even care. The snoodledoogen can have its freedom. I will jump in my car the first chance I get and leave all evidence scattered to the wind. The only thing keeping me sane is this journal. I hope whoever finds this understands how precious it really is to me.
*~*~*
Day 6
Another day of hell! I feel so weak today that I can barely move without vertigo setting in. It is another blistering hot day and my throat feels like I drank the granules from thick sandpaper. The morning was spent digging a hole. 
It is funny how some things seem really important to you at one moment and the next moment you no longer care at all. I loved this tent so much. It has served me well on many adventures and I took extra care to keep it clean. Admittedly, it may seem dumb for a man to grow so attached to camping equipment, but in my case, it felt more like my home than the tiny four walls of my overpriced apartment.
I sank my pocket knife deep into the fabric of the floor and cut out a neat square. I didn’t think twice about any of my actions from today. It was as if survival became a living being and took over my body. 
“You are not strong enough to live so I must do it for you” 
That was what the silent whisper of human nature breathed into my ear.
I dug deep into the earth with both my blade and the boney nubs of my fingers until I found wet mud.  Throwing the globs of mud into my shirt, I twisted and squeezed it. I drank the most disgusting filtered mud water greedily.
That seemed like child’s play. The hard part was swallowing the grubs and earth worms I collected from the hole without my gag reflex betraying me. It was a horrific success. I ate. I ate and I drank and I survived. I just don’t know how much longer I can struggle. A day? Two? I felt the sting of salty tears roll down my cheek for the first time today. 
I have to face the Snoodledoogen at some point. I will be armed with a tiny four inch pocket knife, him with the deadliest weapons from Mother Nature herself. I know it will my demise. I haven’t decided if it is courage or cowardness that is making me do this. 
Sure, on one side of the coin, I will go down fighting, die with my boots on. On the flipside, I am sacrificing a chance to survive long enough to figure this out. I managed to eat today. I figured out how to get water. I could maybe perhaps…
I know better. I have to face it. Tomorrow. While I still have a shred of energy left. It has been over forty eight hours since sleep and I can feel my brain trying to shut down involuntarily again. I will try to close my eyes with my knife at the ready. I just hope I am prepared for the consequences of this.
*~*~*
Day 7
It has been a week to the day that I set out to find the Snoodledoogen. I can now die knowing I was right. I can die with the knowledge many people set out to discover but never could.
I drank my mud water and ate my grubs like a good boy. I slept two hours with my knife at the ready and could feel the hateful stare of the foul creature even in my dreams. He is out there waiting for our little showdown. I spent the morning preparing for it as well. I know I can’t physically beat him. No. No I cannot.
I can however outsmart him. The joke shall be on him. I have mentally prepared myself for an agonizing death in a true gladiator arena, in front of my motion sensors. I plan on making it there in hopes that upon my death many people will see him. 
Yes bastard you can kill me, but more will come. Many more with guns. I quiver at the expression, but this time it is true. The Snoodledoogen has bit off more than it can chew.
It is just past midday and the sun is just about perfect. The cameras are still functional and ready for our little showdown. Sadly, this will be the last entry in this journal and the end of my amazing adventure. If all my planning means diddly squat, it will be easily discovered on top of the monitors in my tent with the words “watch the footage” written in blood on the cover. At this point, a pinprick on my fingertip from my knife won’t matter. I will not live long enough in the woods for it to become infected. 
One last thing before I stop writing. FUCK YOU SNOODLEDOOGEN. FUCK YOU HARD WITH A SHARP WOODEN STICK. I HOPE THEY FIND YOU AND KILL YOU. There, I feel much better.  Here I go. Goodbye.
*~*~*
“Alright men, spread out and find it. If you see it, don’t hesitate! I want to hear gunshots people!”
Captain Jones could felt the icy grip of nightmarish terror grip him. He replayed the video in his mind over and over. Bloodshed. Missing body parts. A headless human corpse leaving a trail of gore as it was being dragged slowly out of the cameras view. That wasn’t even the worst. The journal that was found. That was the worst. Reading about the horrible way the man suffered before marching to his own slaughter will haunt him for years to come.
The Snoodledoogen is here. He is here and he is wearing some poor souls head as his own. Captain Jones felt anger wash over him as he slowly slid two large bullets into the chamber of his shotgun. 
“Today, the Snoodledoogen shall die!”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Upon the November Moon
Somewhere in the woods of Missouri
1910
“Mad Man or Savage Beast?” The mayor nervously shoved off from one foot to the other as he looked upon the frightened faces of the townsfolk. He paused for a long moment and cleared his throat, raising his voice to overtake the loud muttering of the crowd. He continued to read from the crumpled newspaper, his fat fist clinging tightly to the edge to sooth his shattered nerves.
“With the death toll reaching sixteen, this reporter wonders what the citizens of Alpine Bluff will do to prepare for the blood shed of the full moon.”
The mayor slams the paper to the podium, resonating the room with a large wooden echo, stealing their attention. The townsfolk stare silently at the round man in the black and white brimmed hat.
“Well? WELL? WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?” 
His voice was steady but frightening, almost as if it was sugar flavored with hot sauce and vinegar.
“Anybody? Anybody at all? Come on speak up!”
Endless silence, nothing more came from the meeting hall. Mayor Cottonwood closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, letting it slowly seep past his crooked teeth and out of his fat lips. 
“I’ll tell you what we ain’t gonna do. We ain’t gonna believe that hogwash that big city reporter is trying to pour down our throats. Monsters? Werewolves? Come on folks! We didn’t get separated from our momma’s teat yesterday. We are grown ass men and women! Fact of the matter is, someone among us is hacking up our friends and family and blaming the full moon, trying to make a fool of us. Werewolves my hairy white ass!” 
Mayor Cottonwood rolled his eyes and took another breath, trying to keep his composure and not let out a stream of unintelligent verbal nonsense from his throat.
“NO! I will tell you what we WILL do. We WILL stop this right here and right now. In front of me is a list of the most likely suspects. Now folks, don’t go thinking I’m pointing fingers or arresting anyone, cause that ain’t the point of this here paper.”
The mayor’s fat finger flick’s the edge of the parchment, reiterating the point for all that see.
“No sir, No one is being blamed at all and I reckon this will be your choice. You fine folks on this list can say yay or nay. This is simply a list of people with the ability to carry out the brutal happenings of the last month or two, on account of their skills or lifestyle.”
His eyes stay upon the parchment, not daring to look upon the faces of the accused. Accused. Mayor Cottonwood knew deep down that is what they were, but it is a new era, one in which he would never hang a man without at least some shred of proof.
“Will you stand as I speak your name please?”
He took one more deep breath and released. A slow gulp of water helped relieve the sandpaper that has become his throat.
“Adam Johnson, Stephen McDonald, Jessi Credence, Bubba Blake, and finally Victoria Anderson.”
He watched each damned soul stand for the crowd to see, their fear and hatred already burning deep into the souls of the accused. Angry muttering among the crowd threatened to turn violent.  Mayor Cottonwood watched in horror as a single jagged rock bounced off of Adam’s forehead. A small trickle of blood dripped from the man’s head as his flesh was parted.
“HOLD ON FOLKS, NOW JUST HOLD ON ONE COTTON-PICKIN MOMENT.”
The Mayor waited for his townsfolk to simmer to a slow and silent boil before attempting to defuse the situation.
“These here are innocent folks. They ain’t done a lick of harm. I chose them for a reason. Let’s see, we have here…a blacksmith with access to sharp weapons. The dearly deceased was ripped apart, not shot with a bullet.
We have the land owner on which the bodies were found. We also have a woman who keeps wolves on her property as pets, we have a butcher, and we have the sheriff that first seen the sights of the dearly departed. Once again, these good folks have done nothing wrong, they are just victims of circumstance.
Now here is what I propose, these folks are kind enough to prove their innocence by allowing us to lock them in their cabins from the outside all night long. Tonight is the full moon and I reckon we run a risk of losing a few more friends. HOWEVER, if all these folks are locked up all night and someone still dies, we know they ain’t the murderin’ kind. 
Now for the rest of us…Grab your rifles and search the woods by moonlight. If it ain’t human and it moves…shoot it! We’re gonna nab this sonfabitch before he can strike.”
A loud cheer came from the crowd as they emptied out of the town hall and into the cold crisp November night, looking for bloodshed.
*~*~*
The shadowy figure wears a devious grimace that is illuminated only by the slight kiss of a single candle flame. He sits on his wooden stool in the dusty corner of his cabin, sharping the faux wolf claws. A nasty grinding sound fills the silent void, followed by a tiny spark that can be seen clearly in the reflection of the living room window.
He rubs the file slowly across the metal tips once more before setting it beside him. The soft blade of his forefinger slides to and fro against all ten claws, testing it. Testing its ability to hack and slash through human flesh with ease. A single drop of blood rolls down his index, a sharp inhalation of pain escapes him.
“Perfect. Utterly perfect!” he whispers to himself excitedly.
He grabs a tuft of fur penetrating from the makeshift wolf mask. Careful not to cut himself on the rotting skull of the deceased wolf, he slowly pulls the mask over his head and adjusts it for comfort in front of the vanity mirror by candlelight.
The shadowy figure slowly stands, stretching his muscles. His torn leather boots leave a hollow echo upon the wooden floor. Ominous creeks and moans can be heard by all who are still upon the earth on this cold November night.
He wedges the tip of his metal claw just beneath the crevice of his cedar chest. He reaches blindly into it, waving his arm back and forth; feeling for any sign of left over’s from last month’s assault.
He pulls a section of forearm from the chest and is delighted to see a hand still attached by an intricate array of tiny bones and greasy muscles. His sharp claw digs deep into the semi- rotten flesh. He laughs maniacally at his own twisted joke before sinking his teeth deep into the last of his food supply. Blood and bits of skin slowly trickle from his mouth in a trail of saliva. He laughs once more as he rakes his teeth against the naked bone of the ring finger.
“I LOVE finger food” he snorts obnoxiously.
Tossing the bones back into the cedar chest, he wipes his mouth with his torn shirt. He stands with pride, for tonight is the full moon and tonight he hunts.
*~*~*
The pungent sulfur smell of gunpowder filled the night as many hunters fired wildly into the unknown. Creature’s large and small fell victim to blind panic. The shadowy figure crept slowly over the pool of thick blood that poured from the raccoon’s still carcass.
The moonlight illuminated his way through the woods, his senses seemed heightened. He could hear the chattering of hushed whispers being passed from one hunter to the next. A snap. A twig splintered under the heavy footsteps of a solitary man armed with panic and a single shot from his muzzle loader.
The shadowy figure gently and quietly lowers himself to the ground, the crunching of the leaves barely audible to anyone further than claws reach from man beast. He waits patiently. Less than fifty feet now, his victim nears the trap set by the shadowy figure. He hunkers behind the large willow, the reflective dead eyes of his mask radiating the moons shine, otherwise completely concealed from view.
 He shifts his weight to his legs, ready to lunge at the man. Ten feet. Five. He leaps claws first at the man, taking him completely by surprise. His attack was swift, yet his aim was miscalculated. He sunk only two of five claws into the butter of flesh of the man’s jugular. A warm spray of blood matter the fur of his mask and a wet gargling sound escaped the mouth of the victim.
Death did not come quickly. The shadowy figure swung his other paw, making contact with the cold steel barrel of the man’s rifle. A loud boom echoed in his ears, followed by a constant ringing that emanated from deep within his ear canal. 
The victim fell, his rifle imprinted in the sticky blood beside his gashed body. The shadowy figure could hear the chaos coming for him, could hear the stampeding of a dozen footsteps. He could hear the sound of vengeance. 
He ran. The shadowy figure ducked branches and leaped the twisted detruding tree roots that littered the dark forest. He could hear the crackling sound and see the mangled debris fly into the air as bullets whizzed by him, scarring the bark of the landscape.
 His chest felt heavy. His head felt like it was swimming in a pool of gravy and his throat felt like he swallowed razor laced tumbleweeds. More Chaos. More bullets. He felt a warmth upon the meat of his thigh followed by sharp excruciating pain. He was hit. He was hit and he was going down fast.
 He struggled to run with a limp and knew it was only a matter of time before they caught up with him, before fate caught up with him, before the depths of hell called him home.
The shadowy figure found his salvation in the distance. Moonlight reflected from Victoria Anderson’s pond, the watering hole for her cattle. Further into the woods and to the left was her cabin. Best of all, poor Victoria was locked in for the night. The shadowy figure had blindly limped into a heap of good luck, a hiding spot and easy prey.
The crowd of men parted as they spread thin to search the acres of land. He could hear them coming, feel their relentless pursuing eyes upon him. He could see the edge of the cabin in the distance.
In the window was a large figure pacing back and forth, much larger than himself. He felt a cold shiver crawl up his spine.
A boyfriend? Did Miss Victoria have a boyfriend over? 
The thought of making it this far just to be outnumbered frustrated him.
“NO! It was not supposed to be this way! She is supposed to be alone!”
The sound of gunfire in the distance brought him back to the present. His leg felt numb and his breathing highly irregular. He could hear his own heartbeat drumming in his ears.
He swallows hard and places the metal claws upon the uneven wood barrier that held Victoria prisoner. A loud howl from a lone wolf in the distance reignited the flame of panic in the shadowy figure. Another howl. Yet another.
 He flings the board aside and kicks the door hard, ready to pounce. He did not find Victoria. What waited for him inside was death. Death and pain and suffering him so justly deserved.
He heard the menacing growl long before he noticed the madness shining from the creature’s eyes. Thick globs of drool slowly careened from the beast’s gnarled lips. Before the Shadowy figure could react, he felt his feet leave the sanctuary of solid ground. Sharp daggers plunged into his soft midsection, followed by a river of blood. His eyesight started to dim and his body seemed paralyzed. 
Claws. This was one of the few thoughts he could muster. Claws, not daggers. A wolf, not Victoria. He struggled to make sense of it all. Like inserting the very last piece to an upside down jigsaw puzzle, he finally understood.
Victoria did not raise wolves. Victoria IS a wolf.
 He felt a hard crunch upon his neck and heard a sickly wet suckling sound. Through his smoke screen vision he looked upon the face of awful beast, his very last sight.
*~*~*
“It seems to be a tragic day for Alpine Bluff folks!” 
The sheriff spoke with conviction as he addressed the town hall.
 “It seems we found our killer just after dawn this morning. Sadly, it was one of our own. Mayor Cottonwood was found dead in Victoria Anderson’s cabin. His body was chewed up by her wolves and Miss Victoria is missing. I am not sure if she was his last victim, or if she escaped into the woods and got lost. 
Folks, it is time to put an end to horrific events that has plagued us. We will continue to search for Victoria and we will mourn the loss of dear friends for some time to come. I say to you though, haven’t we suffered enough? Breathe easy now, it is over. I will see y’all at the celebration this evening.”
A loud cheer rose from the crowd as the sheriff disappeared from sight and wandered deep into the Missouri woods searching for a single lost soul.
*~*~*
2010
The two men rummaged through the cabin, throwing away ancient rubbish from a simpler time in history. They filled the black bag to the top and tied it off before setting it on the porch. Dust filled the air and the musky smell of a damp rug churned their stomachs.
“The ad said it was a fixer-upper. This place looks like it could use a match and gasoline.” 
Albert propped his rifle against the corner of the cabin and sat on the broken wooden chair.
“Relax Jeffrey. After all, you only paid a thousand dollars for the place! What did you expect?”
“I guess I expected a hunting cabin like that ad said. I’m not even sure there is wildlife in these desolate woods.”
In the distance a vicious howl fills the evening sky. A howl that made their hair stand up and their hearts skip rope with their throats.
“T-There’s the wildlife you wanted” Albert quivered. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Oh Rats!
“Sorry Sir, there’s nothing here. We’ve fumigated, but all our traps are still empty.”
The exterminator once again packed up his gear and left without so much as a single dead rodent in his possession. Stuart shook his head in disbelief. How could it be? This had been the third time in two weeks that he had called out the same guy to get rid of his problem.
He knew they were there. He heard them night after night. Gnawing and chewing and scurrying about. The noises kept him out of sleep. Not even a sleeping pill could keep the sounds from echoing deep within his head. Mice, rats. They were everywhere.
It was not like he lived in filth. Yes, sometimes his tiny apartment was a little untidy, but never dirty. He did the dishes daily, there was never a lot, seeing as he was a single guy, who mostly ate take-a ways. Sometimes there was a cup or two lying around in the living room, and the odd beer bottle here and there. Still, nothing trashy enough to encourage the amount of rodents he kept hearing.
What baffled him was that he never once heard them during the day, and there was not a single trace of them. No chewed up pieces of old food, all his cereal boxes were still in perfect condition, and not a single dropping could be found anywhere. That he made damn sure of, he had looked all over for proof of the infestation. Nothing. 
He was tired of paying the exterminator and having the guy look at him like he was stark raving mad. The guy had even implied that it had been his imagination. How dare him!
*~*~*
“I hear them, all the time. It’s as if they’re mocking me. I can’t sleep, I can’t focus.”
Seeing the large man tremble as he sobbed in frustration pulled at Jeans heartstrings. She knew there was a deeper, more psychological explanation for the sounds her patient was hearing night after night. Something deeply seeded that was eating away at him from inside. It was her job to find out what, and to help him come to terms with it, face it, and for once and all, deal with it.
“Stuart, I need you to tell me whether there is anything you feel you need to tell me. Did something happen? Remember, I am here to help you.”
Stuart turned his head and looked at his therapist, his features expressionless. For a fleeting moment something dark passed over his eyes, something sinister, but it was not lost on Jean, she had seen the dark shadow. For the first time in her career she felt scared. Of course this had been unfounded, her patient had never shown any signs of being aggressive or dangerous, and he was merely a very troubled man who didn’t know how to deal with internal turmoil.
Clearly he was not going to divulge any more details of his life to her today, she closed her notepad, set it beside her on the small side table and got up. The session was over.
After his hour spent with Jean, Stuart decided he needed a drink. Maybe if he got trashed enough, he would be able to sleep through the sounds which haunted him so. He headed for the nearest bar. 
The music inside was almost deafening, he had to shout his order over the bar at the young pretty bar-lady. She nodded and smiled as she reached over to the beer fountain and poured him a large mug of ice cold beer. With beer in hand he scanned the room for an empty booth. 
“Well hello there handsome.”
The woman was attractive, but clearly had drank one too many. Her words were slurred and almost drawn out. Her eyes were slightly dazed.
“May I join you? I hate to see a handsome man as yourself sitting all alone like this.”
Stuart stood up, manners, one of the life lessons his mother had beaten into him. When a lady joins the table, you stand up. That was accompanied with holding open a door for a woman as well as opening car doors for them. He hated it all. He never understood why it was made such a big deal of. Weren’t woman always fighting for equality and independence? So why did they fight for all those rights just to complain when men finally gave it to them and treated them the same as they would any other man.
“I say, ain’t you just a darling. I sure ain’t had a man show some respect in a while. How quaint.”
What Stuart really felt like doing was telling her that she looked like a tramp. Her abundant breasts were nearly spilling out of her short, tight tank top, he could see a belly ring sticking out from just under the hem of the top. She wore skin tight leather pants, and just above the waistband her thong could be seen. Every once in a while she would tug at them, making sure a loud snap could be heard as it snapped in place.
“Don’t talk much do ya? That’s just hunky dory with me, I sure have enough to say for both of us.”
On and on the woman droned, Stuart merely nodded here and there, gave an odd “yes” or “no”, once in a while an “oh”. All the while his mind was still on the gnawing and chewing. Those Goddamn rodents had influenced his social behavior, not to mention that he was exhausted, sleep had seemed to elude him for so long now that he felt himself nodding off without even realizing it. Before he knew it, time had slipped away. His wristwatch said it was just after two in the morning, and not once had the woman shut her trap. 
Finally when he could stand it no longer, he excused himself. Using the fact that he had to work the next day as an escape goat. The woman handed him her number and walked off. As Stuart headed out the door, he could hear her drunken voice droning on once again to some poor sap she had cornered.
*~*~*
Sleep... Sleep.... Nothing. Dark rings could be seen under his eyes. The entire night he had heard the sounds. He had even turned up the television set in order to drown out the sound of the gnawing and chewing and scurrying. His only salvation at this point was coffee. Strong and black. Cup after cup.
As he sat sipping what seemed to be his hundredth cup of coffee, Stuarts mind began to wander. His mother was dressed in a white dress with large red flowers printed on it. On her feet were red high heeled pumps. She wore her long blonde hair loose. Small pearl earrings shimmered in her earlobes. Around her neck was a long string of pearls that had once belonged to her own mother. 
His mother had always believed in manners. So much so that she has felt it a necessity to beat it into her son. 
“You will always treat a woman as if she were made of pure gold. Do you understand that?”
When Stuart didn’t answer her immediately, she would grab a belt that hung behind the kitchen door and hit him with it, over and over, leaving red welts all over his body. Till he finally whimpered out a “Yes ma’am”.
Satisfied, she would continue with her lesson on how to treat woman.
This is what he believed to be true. He never had a father figure to teach or show him any different. Mother’s word was law. 
A sudden glimpse of a memory locked deep within the recesses of his mind had him spill his cup of hot coffee all over his lap. 
A small room, rats all around him, his own screams and pleas echoing through his mind. A flash of a blood stained white dress and a string of broken pearls rolling over the floor.
As quick as the memory came, just as quickly did it disappear. He was exhausted after all. His mind must be playing tricks on him. He needed sleep, he needed to rid himself of the noises before he found himself locked up in some mental institute. 
*~*~*
“Have the noises stopped yet?”
“No... And it feels like it’s getting louder. That damn exterminator! I’m getting fed up with paying some stranger to come in, and not do his fucking job!”
Stuart slammed his fist angrily on the coffee table in front of him. Another day sharing his inner most secrets with Jean. 
“Calm down Stuart. You must realize that an infestation isn’t the exterminators fault. Surely if there was a rodent problem, he would have found it by now?”
He nodded, ashamed at his little outburst. He wasn’t known for having a bad temper. Especially when it came to woman. 
“Never raise your voice around a woman, never allow a woman to feel threatened.”
His mother’s words rang in his ears. 
He looked at his therapist and for the first time in his life, as far as he could remember, he felt a sudden intense hatred for the opposite sex. He was thirty six and had never had a real, long lasting, meaningful relationship. He knew this was mostly because of his mother. She had tainted his views on so many things, that he hardly knew what fact was and what fiction was anymore.
Before he knew what he was doing, he stood up, crossed the short distance from the sofa he had been occupying to where Jean was seated. He grabbed her by the throat, squeezing as hard as he could. She struggled, and tried to scream, but all that could be heard was choking as her body went limp in his arms. Dead.
*~*~*
The gnawing and chewing sounds were deafening. The rodents were everywhere. Rats of all sizes were scurrying to and fro, chewing wires, gathering food, leaving their droppings all over the place. The young detective had to work with a cloth over his mouth. The stench was unbearable. 
In the middle of the small apartment lay the body of Stuart, all chewed up. 
“What in God’s name happened here?”
The young officer looked at his partner, who had arrived at the horrendous scene first.
“Well... I-I’m not exactly sure, but it seems like he had tried to chew off his own arms. This is the most bizarre thing I’ve ever seen. We found a note clutched tightly in his hand.”
“The noise won’t stop. I’m certain now that it exists only in my head. I killed Jean today, mother would be so disappointed. I remembered where I had heard the sounds before. This had been my punishment. The tiny room filled with rats. The sounds that haunt me, it’s mother, taking out her revenge. I killed her... That fucking bitch! No longer shall I obey, no longer will I allow her to punish me! YOU HEAR ME MOTHER?!”
Both officers merely shook their heads. They had come to arrest Stuart after the therapists body had been discovered by her secretary. He had been the last patient she had seen for the day. Case closed.
*~*~*
Dead rats littered the floor. Finally the exterminator had won. The infestation was over. Who would have thought that the crazy man who had once lived here, had actually been right. The rats had invaded an entire building, but had been nesting deep underneath the foundations. This time he had gotten lucky though, after the crazy man’s death, the rodents had been drawn to the smell of death. Maybe, just maybe it had been his insanity that had kept them at bay.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Karma
Karma has an unknown face. Most people see it several times in their lives but dismiss it as nothing more than de-ja-vu. I believe that’s because most people don’t need to fear Karma. The sins of their pasts isn’t horrific enough to matter. That is, Karma isn’t really searching for them.
Calvin on the other hand, isn’t as lucky. Even when Calvin escaped prison for the second time and managed to make it safely across the Mexican border, Karma followed. It started with a single man at a bar. Three shots of tequila into his night, Calvin stumbled blurred vision and all and approached him.
“Say mister, don’t I know you? I know I know you! I just can’t remember where.” Came his own slurred voice.
“I never seen you in my life Gringo.” Replied the strange little man in a thick Hispanic accent.
Calvin watched as he disappeared beyond the smoky room and past the billiard tables, where he vanished into the outside world and was never seen from again. He dismissed the man from his thoughts and continued with his drinking binge. Things seemed to be going very well for Calvin. Good food, easy money, and a clean slate away from the authorities. He could truly start over and forget his past.
An explosion of sharp pain shot through his shoulder as he tripped over the sidewalk and fell into the thick metal door of his motel room. All he could do is slide to his ass and sit on the cold concrete in shock. He stared at the streetlight and watched as it turned doubles and started to circle itself before his eyes.
Laughter. Hysterical shrill laughter came from his throat. “I am NOT too drunk mister night light, YOU are!”
His laughter receded as he tried to stand once more and failed miserably. Banging his knee on the concrete and staring at the cigarette butts that littered the tiny cracks between the end of the parking lot and the beginning of the sidewalk, Calvin became solemn.
“Okay mister night light, you win. I am drunk! I think I should go home now.” 
He closed one eye to keep the streetlight from circling itself and pulled his keys from his pocket. Standing slowly, he held onto the door knob and jabbed at the opening a few times before unlocking the motel room.
“Honey I am home!” he snorted.
Calvin lay upon his bed fully clothed, metal keys still dangling from his index finger when he passed out in a deep drunken coma. He seen the funny little man in his mind’s eye once more. He heard himself telling him he knew him. He knew him he just didn’t know how. 
A vision of Jane Mitchell overtook his dreams. Jane Mitchell, the loveliest blonde he ever laid eyes on. Oh how he enjoyed her. He watched himself rape her. Heard her pain, enjoyed her flesh, and felt her salty tears splash on his knuckles. He watched as her chest heaved in and out struggling for breath as Calvin clamped her airway closed. He held on tight until her body became limp under his strong grip. 
His dream ended. Darkness.  The funny man appeared once more in his mind’s eye. It was his voice that spoke this time.
“You don’t know me but I know you. Your name is Calvin Smith and you are a sick bastard.”
He felt strange. Horrible pressure. Calvin flung his eyes open and struggled for breath but none came. He sat up straight and felt his eyes watering. He stood and rushed for the door, but crippling pain knocked him to his knees. Something was wrong. Very wrong. A stabbing pain came from deep within his own body, a nasty burning. Agony. He felt as if someone shoved a screwdriver deep into his rectum.
He started to see starbursts beyond his line of sight and knew he was about to faint. He rushed into the night air and banged on every door he could. He could hear his own voice screaming in his head, but not a single syllable escaped his lips as he choked and struggled. He was desperate and scared.
Jane Mitchell appeared in his mind once more, this time it was her dead bloated corpse instead of the busty sexy blonde he enjoyed last year.
“It hurts don’t it Calvin.” The corpse flatly stated.
A sheer agonizing pain came from within his body once more and a small puddle of blood appeared on the seat of his blue jeans. A horrid reverberating ringing emanated from his ear drum before his lungs gave up and he blacked out.
He could hear his own thoughts but nothing else.
“Am I dead? Where am I?”
To his surprise a voice answered.
“You are in the emergency room Senor. Can you tell us what happened to you?”
He slowly opened his eyes and flinched at the invasion of bright white light as it entered his pupils.
He stared at the man in disbelief. The dark brown eyes seemed to peer into his soul and bitch slap him hard across his left cheek. He swallowed hard and attempted to focus. The same man from the bar. A doctor? 
“Who are you? Why are you following me? What do you want?” 
“Take it easy I am a doctor. You were found unresponsive outside of your motel room. Can you tell me what happened?” 
The man reached out and placed two fingers on Calvin’s warm flesh, letting it rest just below the boney protuberance of his left wrist.
“DON’T TOUCH ME! STAY AWAY FROM ME! WHO ARE YOU?”
Calvin thrashed back and forth in a panic, knocking over the silver tray and scattering medical paraphernalia all over the white tile floor. Two nurses came rushing into the room slamming the door behind them. Calvin felt the surprisingly strong grip from the Hispanic Doctor wrap effortlessly around his wrists, restraining him.
His eyes widened as he caught a glimpse of the two nurses. Calvin fell deep in thought, attempting to pull fake memories from the dark recesses of his mind. Florida? He has spoken to that redhead before. On the beach two years ago while sipping on an ice cold beer he shared a deep and meaningful conversation with a beautiful woman. Calvin remembers this. He remembers this because he bought that mystery woman’s drinks and was surprised at how she kept up with him. He felt anger towards that woman. After all, he bought the drinks, he was nice to her and she still went back to her motel room alone. HOW DARE SHE! 
A liquid sensation. A burning sting. He blinked twice and reality washed over him once more. He watched the long thin metallic needle slide out of his flesh, the tiny hole that was created from the unwanted penetration wept with fluid.  Through the foggy haze of his drugged vision he watched the second nurse produce a long clear plastic tube. 
He caught a glimpse of the nurses sexy mid drift and felt the tug of de-ja-vu once more. Printed on her milky white abdomen, just below her navel was a familiar image. The image of a fairy smoking a joint. That is something Calvin would never in a million years forget. He knows he has seen it before. He has seen her before. Matter of fact, He has been so close to this woman that he had to have seen the majority of her naked flesh. A one night stand? One drunken night in Vegas?  Think Calvin think!
He struggled to open his eyes, his sight seemed to be failing him. Everything was so distant now. It was as if the hospital room stretched for miles and everyone was whispering. Calvin tried to focus all of his senses. The slight whisper of a Hispanic accent rang in his ears. The words made no manner of sense to him.
“We are losing him! Get that tube down his throat, we have to pump his stomach NOW!”
Losing me? I am right here. How can you be losing me?  The words couldn’t escape his throat. He tried to focus harder, to see clearer, to yell and actually be heard. He felt the wet nasty burn of vomit build up in his throat. He wanted it to go away. He wanted to spew the vile contents of his stomach but the nausea remained. 
Darkness. Every sensation ceased to exist in a single moment in time. The black canvas had an indigo splash that seemed to expand exponentially. Calvin could feel a tight knot of fear in his stomach and the many dots of goosebumps creep up his body.  Hundreds of people dressed in indigo scrubs appeared from the black nothingness. Men and women from every walk of life stood motionless before his eyes. 
Calvin examined them carefully. De-ja-vu. He recognized them all but in a very sinister obscure manner. He watched in disbelief as they vanished one by one in a puff of smoke, leaving behind the putrid smell of death lingering in the air. A single image took long slow strides from the background to the foreground of his mind. He stared at the familiar brown eyes of the man from the bar. The doctor. 
When he attempted to speak, he was amazed at how his own voice filled his mind. It boomed and reverberated and expanded and faded as if he was the only person left in the entire world. 
“Who are you? What do you want?”
“Shh. Just listen.”
Calvin heard a bizarre sound and seen a foggy image of a flat lining machine in a vibrant white room. He heard the familiar words from what seemed like an eternity ago, but the voice and the image didn’t match his short term memory circuits.
“We’re losing him” echoed the deep husky voice of the doctor. He watched as the nurse grabbed the long tube from the drawer. A nurse he has never seen before. An Asian nurse. 
The sounds and images faded as quickly as they came and Calvin was once again alone with this strange man.
“It is just you and me now Calvin. I have been chasing you for several years. Waiting. Waiting for the day you would slip up and be mine. It seems all you needed was tequila shots at a bar in Mexico to finally do yourself in.”
The smell of death intensified and seemed to flow directly into his nasal cavity. He swallowed hard and tried to calm his terrified nerves before trying once more.
“Who are you? What do you want?” 
“You don’t recognize me Calvin? How about now?”
He watched as the funny man changed his appearance. Dozen after dozen men and women took form before his eyes. That sick and twisted sense of De-ja-vu followed with every single reincarnation.
“I am your sins. I am the devil. I am Karma and payback is a bitch!”
He felt the horrible pressure on his throat once more, blood flowed easily from his abused rectum as the sharp pain returned. The torture lasted for what seemed like an eternity but Calvin never died. He never blacked out. He had no choice but to suffer. He watched as the cold dead eyes and rotting flesh of Jane Mitchell stood over the top of him. 
The pain vanished. The tortured ghost of his misdeeds disappeared completely into the background. Calvin gasped for breath and struggled to regain control of his fear.
“Do you remember this one? Do you remember what you did to her?”
Deep gashes appeared on his chest and a small trickle of blood flowed freely down his stomach. Calvin’s eye widened in fear as he remembered what he did and what is going to happen to him. More cuts and intense pain followed. He watched as his nipple was severed from his body and red hot needles were forced deep into his genitals.  Finally, a deep gash in his throat started squirting a river of blood. The pain was unbearable. Calvin screamed and sobbed in pain.
“Please, please, let me die!” 
“Oh but Calvin, you are dead.” Echoed the voice of Karma itself
“You can’t go anywhere. You are mine! You are mine and we have a lot more victims that send their love.”
The sick tortured scream of never-ending pain filled the darkness of his mind as Karma payed a debt owed upon Calvin.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Freak Show
The neon flashing lights illuminated the night sky so brightly that it looked almost like daylight. The music and bells ringing could be heard far off into the distance. The Carnival had come to town.
People were flocking in from all over, even some out-of-towners decided to pay a visit to the colorful Carnival renowned for its freak show and oddities from all over the world.
Trying to get a ticket seemed almost impossible as people were queuing for miles and miles without end. Children were nagging and crying, begging their parents to find a way to get them in. They wanted to eat candyfloss and popcorn smothered in butter, drink cans and cans of sweet sugary soda, win arms full of prizes that would soon be discarded in a closet or under a bed. They wanted to get sick on one of the many rides that awaited those lucky enough to get inside. They wanted to go stand and gawk and make fun of the many freaks the carnival had to offer.
You ask how I know all this... Well that is easy, I was once one of those children. I begged and annoyed my parents’ non-stop for days, till they finally gave in. My dad had to go as far as bribing someone in order to get us tickets.
*~*~*
The Carnival was run by a huge burly bearded man from Russia. It seemed like he had a permanent cigar in his mouth, you could see him coming from afar just by keeping an eye on the air above all the other people at the carnival, as a huge cloud of smoke always followed him around. He truly was scary looking and sounded far worse. He would bellow out orders and shout at anybody who dared just glance his way in a fashion he deemed wrong. The cigar not once leaving his lips.
Most of the “freaks” from the Carnival were really nice folk. One could see them sitting outside their caravans at the back of the carnival, they would be playing cards, laughing, joking around and pretty much acting like the rest of the normal people. I supposed there’s a little freak in all of us.
What impressed me the most about them, was the fact that they never really seemed to care what people called them, and insults just washed right over them. They would nod their heads and laugh along like they knew something nobody else did, they had their own secret society and I couldn’t help but wonder what they were actually hiding.
*~*~*
The show was about to start and I was dragging my parents through the vast sea of people in an attempt to get a front row seat. The giant tent in the middle of the carnival was jam packed with people shouting and cheering and hurrying off to the best seats they could find. Excitement filled the air. Not often did people get to see a real life freak show.
The lights dimmed and the giant of a Russian man stepped out into the center of the tent, the spotlight shining on him making the smoke from the cigar in his mouth seem like a thick cloak of fog around him. The crowd went silent and waited in anticipation.
“Velcome to zhe freak show extraordinaire! I hope zhu all enzjoy zhe show.” he boomed out in a loud accented voice.
The crowd went wild as the freaks started pouring into the center of the ring. A man so tall that he made the large burly Russian seem like a midget. A woman with hair so long that it was wrapped around her body at least 10 times. A pair of Siamese-twins who share the same arms and legs, a man who had 4 legs and no arms, his hands were feet with toes. A woman whose eyes were on her hands and she had to hold them up in order to see. A boy about the same age as me who had a tail and instead of a mouth, he had a beak like that of a parrot. There was also a man who had giant muscles, and was so strong he could lift a car above his head, I know that’s not very freaky, but along with the huge muscles, he had a head just bigger than that of a baseball, with tiny beady eyes. It was truly a sight to behold, and the crowd “oooh’d and aaaah’d” some gasped in horror, others pointed and laughed. Yet the freaks still didn’t seem phased, they waved and smiled and went about their routines.
I was completely awestruck by the sight before me. How I wished I was special enough to join them. The lives they must live. To them surely we must seem like the freaks. I envied them.
What I failed to notice, was that they had been watching me. Whispering between themselves about me. I was to be their next project.
*~*~*
After the show, my parents and I indulged in treats of all kinds, we went on a few rides that left our stomachs churning. I had even won a few prizes, a large stuffed octopus with big eyes and bells on its tentacles that jingled as we made our way around the carnival, a plastic pistol that made loud popping noises whenever I pulled the trigger and a bag of brightly colored marbles. Still, I kept finding myself staring off into the distance to where the freaks were now having a party after another successful show. 
I decided I would sneak away that night from home, maybe go speak to the big Russian man, ask him if there was any way I could join his carnival. How could I not want to, the lights, the noises, the daily treats and free rides. It was a dream job wasn’t it?
I waited that night in bed till I heard the sound of my dad’s loud snores. I knew by then that my mom would be asleep as the rhythmic sound of my dad’s snores was like a drug to her. I know right?! Crazy! But hey, that’s my parents for you. Thinking about it now, they should have been part of the freak show. I giggle to myself as I grab my backpack and as quietly as possible climbed out my bedroom window. I wasn’t known for being a rebel teen. Quite the contrary, at 14, I was well behaved, and somewhat spoiled. Pretty much always getting what I wanted, like the tickets to the carnival for instance. Oh the joys of being an only child.
I slung the backpack over my shoulder once outside and slowly started making my way towards the carnival on the other side of town. My mind was racing and I hoped and prayed that I wouldn’t be turned away. I wanted this.
*~*~*
Unbeknownst to me, at the exact same time as I was making my way towards them, the freaks were discussing me. They knew I was headed there. They had seen something in me that they wanted.
By the time I reached the front gates of the carnival it was already almost 2am in the morning. The world around me was shrouded in darkness, the only light source was that of a tiny flashlight which cast an eerie glow in the pitch blackness surrounding me. I admit that I was somewhat scared and anxious. The carnival looked completely different in the dark. It seemed dead. There were no bright lights, no sounds other than the chirruping of cricket in the night, the creaking of the rides every so often as the wind blew over and through them, causing a mournful howl as it passed through holes and tiny cracks. I did not let this deter me though.
I walked along the fence, hoping to find a way in, it’s not like I could just knock on the front door and ask if I could join, for as much as I’m sure they would let me, there was also the fact that I was a minor, and it would be considered kidnapping. I did not want any of them to get into trouble because of me. I would need to be a stow-away.
For about thirty minutes I walked along the fence, hoping to find a small gap that would allow me access, to no avail. Finally as I reached the back my luck changed, there was a small gate standing wide open. I slipped in and cautiously made my through the dark carnival. It was creepy and reminded me of one of those classic slasher/horror movies where the kids walk through abandoned carnivals like this and suddenly a zombie or scary killer clown would jump up from behind a stall and scare the kids to death. It didn’t help that my dim flashlight cast eerie shadows all over the place as I shone it around.
*~*~*
As I was making my way through the lifeless carnival in search of a place to hide, I heard footsteps behind me. I spun around, but there was no-one.
“Chill Cale.” I told myself in a quivering voice.
I saw the stall where I had won the giant octopus and the plastic gun, the Ferris wheel and roller-coaster my family and I had been on, the haunted house and the house of mirrors. We hadn’t gone into the house of mirrors as it had been too busy, so I decided to take the opportunity now to enjoy it.
The door sounded like an old man’s creaking bones as I pushed it open. I was surprised to find the dim lights still on inside the House of Mirrors. I saw myself in the many mirrors surrounding me. I looked afraid. My cheeks were bright red and my hair was ruffled. I let out a laugh.
“Jeeze Cale. Don’t be such a wuss.”
This was fun. Some of the mirrors distorted my reflection. One moment I would be short and squatty looking, the next, I would be tall. Some made it seem like I was a bodybuilder, others made it look like my face was a Sunday swirl ice cream.
The next moment I heard voices.
“Oh crap crap crap. I’m done for.”
With so many mirrors, there really was no place to hide. They showed all angles. All the while I heard the voices drawing nearer. I was panic stricken and all I could do was stand there, still as a statue. I watched as the door opened, I watched as the freaks started pouring into the House of Mirrors one at a time. Somehow they had known I was in here, and they were headed straight for me.
Once again my eyes fell on my own reflection. I had a terrified look on my face. My eyes were wide with horror as the burly Russian stepped up right behind me. He placed his large hand on my shoulder, spun me around to face him, and blew a large puff of smoke right into my face.
He let out a terrifying laugh as he did this.
“Ve ave been vaiting for zhu.”
It took me a moment to register what he had just said. 
“What do you mean?”
Suddenly he looked stern. He grabbed both my shoulders and forced me to look at my reflection. 
“Ve know zhu vant to join us. Zhu shall be our new main attraction.”
Around me the world went dark. The concept of me actually fainting till this day annoys me. What a wuss.
*~*~*
Now here I am, my name is Cale Winters, but nobody knows this. They probably never will. I am the new main attraction at the Carnival Freak Show. The Boy without a face.
I can hear the people laughing and talking, I know what’s going on around me, but I am stuck. I scream inside my head, but the world can’t hear me. Maybe next time you go watch the freak show, that makes it to your little town once a year, you won’t judge those who look and act different, because maybe, just maybe, you might be the next main attraction.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Sex Toy Terrorist
Not everything that happens has meaning. In fact, a vast majority of the time it’s quite the opposite. Let’s face it, bad things happen to good people and there is not a damn thing in the world that could have prevented it. Whatever forces that control the actions and consequences of mankind, well, let’s just say they have to get their kicks somehow.
*~*~*
Jayson felt a wide smile upon his face as he stared at the screen. His cheeks burned with embarrassment and his heart pounded with excitement. After two years of dating his lovely Anna, he was finally going to take the plunge and fly over an ocean for her. Their first meeting. Their first kiss. Their first…
Jayson swallowed hard, trying to digest the nervous energy. He IS excited. Of course, fear was lingering in the background of his mind. He tried very hard to keep this from Anna. In the end, he had a feeling she could tell.
He read her response on the glowing screen of his tiny laptop and willed his fingers to move.
*~*~*
Anna_Bananasplit: Are you ready for this my love? Two weeks.
BluJay: Very much so! I’m packed already ;)
Anna_Bananasplit: -Jumps up and down- Really really? Or you just fishing for a smile?
BluJay: 
BluJay: I have the perfect lure to fish for your smile baby doll. ^.^
Anna_Bananasplit:?
BluJay: I bought you something super special. :P
Anna_Bananasplit: What?
BluJay: If I told you that it wouldn’t be a surprise now would it?
Anna_Bananasplit: <.<
Anna_Bananasplit: >.>
Anna_Bananasplit: TELL MEEEE! Tell me. Tell me!
Anna_Bananasplit: I will love you forever. –kisses-
BluJay: Pfft. You already promised to do that anyways.
Anna_Bananasplit: Give me a hint then!
BluJay: Okay okay! 
BluJay: It’s long, it’s silver, and it will keep you happy while I’m away
Anna_Bananasplit: Hmm. –thinks-
Anna_Bananasplit: O.O
Anna_Bananasplit: You bought me a sex toy? O//o
BluJay: Mhmm. Needs to keep my baby happy when I come back now don’t I?
Anna_Bananasplit: o//o 
Anna_Bananasplit: Hehe
Anna_Bananasplit: Thank you baby! I will put it to good use.
BluJay: Now you’re making me blush. :P
BluJay: Has to go. Have to get ready for that awful place that pays me. YUCK.
BluJay: Love ya baby. Bye bye
Anna_Bananasplit: Love you too. Talk soon. –kisses-
*~*~*
Jayson slowly closed the lid to his laptop and smiled. Two weeks, he couldn’t believe it. He stood and started walking towards the bathroom, his mind trying to sort a hundred different thoughts into the “relevant” and “irrelevant” pile. 
His digits wrapped around the cold brass knob of the drawer. It let out a small yet distinct sound of metal upon metal as it opened. He felt his finger bump the long hard toy. Jayson lifted it out and held it to the light, just as excited and amazed by it as he knew his dear Anna would be.
Flipping it over, he unscrewed the black cap and slide the batteries into the empty slots and onto the springs. It took a try or two, but finally, he was able to align the threads and tighten the batteries in place properly
He almost dropped it. During his struggle, he had unintentionally turned the knob to full power. An earthquake caliber quiver radiated from the base to the tip, vibrating his entire palm. He stared mesmerized.
He felt the heat upon his cheeks as he blushed deeply for the second time today. His eyes ensnared by the shiny silver vibrating object, so much so, that they watered. After a strange and erotic suspended moment, Jayson finally blinked.
With a hard twist, the toy went from earthquake to a still summer day. Jayson slid it deep into his suitcase, hiding it at the bottom, between his swimming trunks and his flip-flops. Though still very distracted, he managed to focus at work that night.
The next two weeks seemed like a wonderful blur. Cereal. Anna. Work. Anna. Supper. Anna. Bed. Repeat. This was the way Jayson passed the time. On the rare occasion that his precious Anna was not at her computer, those few hours would crawl. It was agony. This fact had made him hyper aware of how necessary this trip really was.
*~*~*
He checked and doubled checked his baggage. He read the itinerary three times before tucking the folded and crinkled paper deep into his back pocket. This was it. The sharp sounds of a horn blaring and the pleasant tune seeping from the speakers of his cellular phone as an impatient cab driver tried to phone him, reminded Jayson of his deadline.
He took another brief moment for himself. His chest cavity expanded and his eyelids snapped shut. Slowly, he exhaled and patted his denim pockets. His hand patted the square outline of his cigarettes. His thumb felt the cylinder of his lighter.
At this very moment, with his nerves shooting panicked electrical signals to his brain, His pack of smokes seemed to be his most important possession. Another deafening honk.
“Alright alright I’m coming! Can’t a man take a moment to have a nervous meltdown?” He muttered under his breath.
The cab driver was a scary sort. To Jayson, his rancid breath and scraggly un-kept beard seemed to be his more charming traits. He watched the blobby man slam his luggage into the trunk and slam the metal in anger. He could see several racist tattoo’s play peek -a -boo from underneath the stained up sleeves of his shrunken white cotton t-shirt.
“Great job there Jayson. You call the only taxi company that belongs to the Ku-Klux –Klan. This trip is off to a great start!” He thinks to himself nervously.
“Where to son?” The gruff voice stated impartially
“JFK airport please”
*~*~*
He sat back in the upright seat, his seatbelt feeling just a hair too tight. From the tiny square that the large commercial airline jokingly named ‘window’ he stared at the ground several feet below him. He felt his stomach tie itself into several tightly woven knots. Intestinal macramé. 
He swallowed hard, trying desperately to lubricate his sandpaper throat. Words flew across the canvas of his mind. Mistake. Fear. Explosion. Terrorist. Death.
This kind of shocked Jayson. Seeing that he never had a reason or an opportunity to fly, he was completely unaware of his fear of planes. Taking off was the worst. He gripped the arm rests until his knuckles screamed in pain. He thought of his dear Anna. He closed his eyes and envisioned his life in her arms. It didn’t take long for the plane to reach thirty three thousand feet and level off. Jayson relaxed as much as he could. 
He stared at all the people headed to the same destination on the same airline as him. It seemed strange that so many people from so many walks of life would board the same plane with the simple goal of visiting another country. He tried to imagine. He tried to put himself in their shoes. 
The family from India. The father was well dressed and the family seemed super excited. A career change perhaps.  The greasy looking mechanic. Maybe he too struggled to communicate with the real world and found love abroad.
It didn’t take too long for Jayson to relax completely and slip deep into thought. A loud static voice woke him from his slumber. A slow smooth talking pilot announces the planes decent and a seatbelt sign gently beeps and glows.
This was it. One more leg of the trip. Jayson bit his lip and exhaled. In twenty minutes the only thing separating him from his beloved Anna would be a Customs Agent.
 “A long line and a bunch of silly questions and she would be mine!” 
*~*~*
He more slammed than placed his large luggage onto the conveyor belt.  He watched it stroll slowly down the metal rollers and bump into the large briefcase ahead of it. He almost didn’t hear the barely audible whirring sound emanating from his suitcase. The gentlemen in front of him was speaking loudly in a language Jayson couldn’t understand. This intrigued him. Languages always have.
Two officers brought him back to reality. Well that is not entirely true. The panic in their voice and the hard yank on his arm did. He could hear the quiet whirring and his face immediately turned crimson.
“What’s in the suitcase son?” came a stern voice
Jayson’s face continued to burn with embarrassment, his cheeks flushed and his voice squeaked. He could not believe this could happen to him.
“A s-sex toy” he whispered
“A what? Speak up son!”
“It’s a sex toy.”
He bit his bottom lip until little grooves appeared on the pink flesh. He watched as one particularly attractive security agent ransacked his belongings. His cologne, his razor, and now his underwear was out for the public to scrutinize.
She was almost to the very bottom of the case, her slender painted fingers wiggling closer and closer to the silver vibrating dildo. He felt his body being forcefully spread apart. With his legs beyond the width of his shoulders and his digits interlocked with one another, Jayson was scanned with a large metal paddle.
In his mind, he could see a crowd of people gathering. Every single one of them pointing at him, laughing, making comments that will scar his already fragile self -esteem from now until the end of time.
From behind him came a sweet sultry voice. One of which you could easily match to the person without the gift of sight. Jayson knew. He knew immediately that the voice came from the busty blonde haired blue eyed knock out of a security agent. All he could do is close his eyes and remind himself to breathe. This would all be over soon.
“I think I found something.” Said the sweet voice.
“It’s nothing more than a…”
He wasn’t sure what happened next. A loud menacing boom and ringing in his ears. He felt his feet leave the safety of the earth and buckle underneath him. A hardy thud to the back of his head created tiny red dots before his eyes. In his eardrums he could hear the distorted sounds of chaos. 
Many screams of horror and sobs of agony. He remembered sirens blaring and a sick wet crumpling sound. The voice of an unknown man shouting orders and he could recall the smell of smoke and the crackling of fire. White. His vision failed him.
White? Jayson blinked again, attempting to clear his foggy eyesight. He felt his body lay upon a firm stretcher.
“Hang in there kid, we’re almost there!”
White. White uniforms. The terrifying sound of an ambulance making haste to save lives.
He tried to inhale but failed. All that came out was a small ‘whoosh’. His throat hurt. His throat and his nose tasted of man-made chemicals. Over his face was a breathing apparatus. 
Jayson closed his eyes once more. He felt as if time and space had suddenly slowed. It slowed to the gently trudge of a hungry caterpillar upon a large succulent leaf. When he opened his eyes again he saw blue. A shiny blue. The type of shiny blue that comes with a handful of police allowing the florescent lighting to gleam off of their badges in some sort of rugged display of power and authority.
What followed was a whole slew of bizarre and unfortunate events. Several questions that had the razor sharp tone of accusation in them. 
“Let’s go over this again shall we?” stated the annoyed officer.
“What was in your bag?”
“I TOLD YOU. A SEX TOY! A DILDO! A FUCKING VIBRATOR!”
“Let me get this straight, you were pulled aside and searched because of large ticking object and moments later a bomb went off killing forty three people and you expect me to believe it was a dildo?”
“Vibrating” 
Jayson could feel his blood pressure rising.
“Excuse me?”
“It was vibrating NOT ticking. You believe whatever you wish but I am telling the truth.”
“Then you will have no problems in court will you?” 
The officer slowly arched his thick hairy eyebrow, staring deep into his own reflection in Jayson’s pupil. The two shared a magical moment of silence before he was escorted away in handcuffs.
The time served was slow and agonizing. The same routine for an entire week. In the morning he was allowed to exercise in the “yard”. This was nothing more than a large area made of concrete. There was no view of the outside world, just a whole lot of razor-wire dancing in the wind upon the top of the brick wall.
He played checkers with his cellmate Henry in the evenings and dreamed of Sweet Anna at night. He KNEW Anna thinks he never showed up. That was worse than the time served in prison.  After nine days he finally had his court date and was set free.
It turned out that the two gentlemen in front of him were suicide bombers and he was a victim of circumstance. What Jayson couldn’t understand was why they didn’t find the detonating device from the start. He secretly believed it was a conspiracy, that he was an escape goat used to give answers and closure to the families and loved ones of the poor doomed souls. Maybe there would have been panic and riots if they never caught the terrorist behind such an atrocity.
Jayson thought about all of this, in detail, all the way home and finally decided he didn’t really care. It was over. His soul focus now was Anna. 
She would believe me. She knows I didn’t purposely stand her up! That was his motivation, that was what he brought himself to believe. Jayson could feel his hand’s shake involuntarily as he flipped open his laptop and waited for it to load.  He could hear the many beeps of skype message’s invade his screen. As he read them his stomach dropped and tears immediately streamed down his cheek in small heated rivers.
Anna_Bananasplit: Jayson? Are you here?
Anna_Bananasplit: Jayson? This is Anna’s brother Todd
Anna_Bananasplit: When you get this please respond. I have something to tell you
Anna_Bananasplit: It has been three days and you still haven’t responded. I am so sorry. Anna showed up at the airport to pick you up but there was a bombing…
Anna_Bananasplit: She is dead Jayson.
Anna_Bananasplit: They caught the culprit. I hope he burns in hell
Anna_Bananasplit: I JUST SAW YOUR PICTURE YOU TWISTED FUCKER! I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL FOR WHAT YOU DID. YOU STOLE ANNA FROM US.
Anna_Bananasplit: If you ever get out of prison and see these messages, I want you to know something. Anna had an insurance policy and I was the beneficiary. I spent every single cent hiring a hitman. He will be watching your house. I know it will probably never be you that gets what you deserve, but his instructions were to kill ANYONE who enters. I hope he chops your mother’s head off and you have to hear about it in prison.
Jayson lay in his bed, his laptop still glowing hateful messages upon his computer desk. In the background he heard the sound of glass raining down onto the tiles in the kitchen. He knew what was going to happen. He could hear the footsteps coming closer. Closer still. 
The long silencer that stretched from the barrel of the forty five caliber pistol remained steady over his forehead. Jayson didn’t budge one bit. Staring directly into the eyes of the man dressed in black, he whispered.
“What took you so long?”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Welcome to the Dollhouse
Another terribly embarrassing tantrum was inevitable as Josef watched his thirteen year old daughter scrunch up her face, ball her hands into fists and stomp her tiny feet. He utterly adored Cassandra though, and would do absolutely anything for her. She knew this and took advantage of it as often as possible. She was after all, Daddy’s little girl.
This time she had seen a new party frock. It wasn’t that she wanted it for herself, oh no, it was for one of her new life size dolls. Cassandra loved dolls, and so, Josef had built her a dollhouse in their backyard. Big enough for her to actually play in with all her dolls and even some fancy furniture he himself had made with his own two hands. He couldn’t help but feel proud of himself. He had spent a fortune on decorating the dollhouse with everything she had desired. He even went as far as taking a second job in order to afford it all. Anything to make his little girl happy. He loved how her eyes would light up each time he got her something new. He loved how her voice would get excited and high pitched when she thanked him over and over. Making her happy, was like a drug to him.
“Daddy! I want it! I want it now!”
“Do you really need it Cass? All your dollies are so pretty and you’ve done a wonderful job dressing them, I’m sure you don’t need another dress dear.”
Cassandra looked up pleadingly at her dad, shut her eyes as tightly as she could, and started crying. Big crocodile tears rolled down her bright pink cheeks.
“Please daddy...”
Her chest was heaving as heavy sobs escaped her. Josef knew out of experience if he didn’t agree quickly, her little scene would soon turn into a full blown tantrum. He watched her for a few more seconds before giving a quick nod in agreement, he couldn’t help the corners of his mouth twitching up as he looked down at his daughter.
A wide smile spread over her face and she jumped around and laughed, a bubbly kind of laugh that started from deep within.
“Oh thank you daddy. It’s perfect. Becky will look just wonderful at the tea party. Thank you daddy, I love you.”
Back home after their little shopping spree, Cassandra was bursting with excitement as she rummaged through the bags looking for her dolls new dress. She couldn’t wait for her Becky doll to try it on. Her dad would have to help of course, Becky was one of her favorite life-sized dolls, with her long curly red hair and bright green eyes. With her new outfit, she would be perfect.
*~*~*
The dim streetlight was barely lit in front of her as Sydney walked down the road. It was a good thing she knew the path so well, else she would have gotten lost long ago already. After a long evening, standing the entire time behind the bar, serving beer to mostly drunk and rude men, this walk home seemed like somewhat of a blessing. It was 2am and there was hardly a soul to be seen. The odd car would speed by, sending beams of light over the tarred road. She saw a homeless man curled up under a pile on newspapers and wondered how anybody could survive on the street in this day and age. Sydney felt truly sorry for the old man, she slipped her hand into the pocket of her coat, and withdrew a handful of coins, which she then laid next to the sleeping man before continuing down the road. She enjoyed the quietness and solitude, as her ears were still buzzing with the loud music that she had to endure during her shift.
She let out a soft giggle and blushed slightly as she remembered the handsome man that had made his way into the bar that night. He wasn’t drunk like the rest, and they had struck up a fairly decent conversation over the blaring music. He had told her that his name was Josef, that he was an inventor and doll-maker. He was thirty-four years old and lived in the neighborhood. They had exchanged numbers and he had promised to call her the next day in order to make plans for a coffee date. She was surprised as to why a handsome, smart fellow like him would even consider spending time with her, she was after all nothing but a mere barmaid in a sleazy bar. Well, she wasn’t one to look a gift-horse in the mouth.
The flickering of the streetlight behind her, brought her thoughts back to reality. Further down the road, more lights were flickering before they all suddenly at once went out. She was lost in total darkness. Panic filled her. Something was wrong. She could hear someone humming the theme song of Jaws not too far off in the distance, footsteps were drawing nearer, and all the while Sydney just stood there, too afraid to move.
“Hello? Who’s there?”
Her voice was trembling and came out in nothing more than a mere whisper. Ahead of her she could see only the darkened silhouette of the stranger. The footsteps echoing in the darkness. The Jaws tune was carried towards her by a soft wind blowing.
Sydney feared for her life, she clenched her eyes shut and prayed, she willed her legs to move but they felt heavy, as if they had been cemented to the pavement. A sudden sharp pain in her abdomen had her bent over in agony, her head was spinning. Desperately, she tried to remember whether she had eaten or perhaps drank something.
The footsteps were now only an arm’s length or two away. Yet she still could not move. She was too dizzy to focus. She had partaken in a glass of wine while she had been deep in conversation with Josef during her smoke break.
“There there.”
A man’s voice, a voice she almost recognized.
“Josef?”
She felt strong hands wrap around her frame and a second later she lost consciousness.
*~*~*
“Quiet Quin! You’ll wake her.”
Sydney’s head felt foggy and ached. The sound of whispering had awoken her from her drug induced slumber.
“WH-where am I?”
She blinked a few times, allowing her eyes to adjust to the light. Beside her on a frilly decorated bed, sat a young girl, about the same age as her. The girl was dressed in a yellow frock and her hair was tied in pigtails, held in place by bright yellow ribbons. On a sofa, matching the decor, sat a young man, about nineteen years of age. Only a few years younger than herself.
The girl looked at her with a soft sweet smile on her painted lips.
“I told Quin to be quiet, I’m sorry if we woke you. I’m Becky, and that over there is Quin. How are you feeling?”
Becky’s voice was nothing more than a whisper, yet she seemed sincere. Quin seemed frightened and didn’t dare look at Sydney, she watched him for a few seconds as he chewed on his nails before she started asking questions.
“Where am I? What is this place?”
“It’s... Well... It’s home. For now at least.”
A single tear slid down Becky’s cheek.
“How did I get here? Why did you bring me here? I was certain I had heard Josef...”
Becky merely nodded, then slid off the bed. She walked up to the door and placed her ear against it, listening intensely for any sounds from beyond the door. She looked back at Sydney and gave a thumbs up before taking her place on the bed beside her again.
“I too was brought here by Josef, so was Quin. This is a dollhouse, and I know this might sound absolutely crazy, but we are the dolls. You see, Josef, he’s a very twisted man. What’s worse, his daughter is even crazier than him.”
Sydney could only stare. 
“We were brought here to be his daughter’s playthings. She buys us clothes and feeds us, we have tea parties, but she also keeps us locked in a dollhouse Josef had built for her. Small piece of advice though, don’t try to escape. We’ve tried. There is no way out, and... Believe me when I say, you don’t want to be punished.”
Becky’s eyes darted towards Quin before she softly continued.
“Last week he tried to get away. He was whipped and locked in an empty room for three days without food or water.”
She shook her head sadly.
“There is no way out. This is our life now, so you better get used to it.”
Once more she slid off the bed and stood at the foot of it, smiled at Sydney and gave a quick twirl and curtsied.
“Welcome to the Dollhouse.”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Jimmy
Sometimes, Somethings are only known by a single individual. Those things then become the sole burden of said person. That is the ultimate truth. So let’s talk about truth. Is that the opposite of a lie? I believe truth is merely the perception that something is not false, yet something is only false if you can prove it is not true. That single conundrum is the sole basis of our imperfect justice system. That conundrum is also the very reason Tedd Valentine is currently spending the rest of his life being served terrible food from a tray while watching the world pass him by through the obstructed view of the metal bars of his prison cell.
So now you know Tedd’s awful fate. What you don’t know is that his fate was sealed by a single moment in time. A moment with his twelve year old nephew Jimmy.
*~*~*
Jimmy seemed to be a perfect child. He was raised by a middle class Christian family in heaven sent suburbia Middle- America. He said his prayers before bed and sat as a family talking about his day at school while his loving mother served him mashed potatoes and passed a gravy boat during dinner time. This seemed to be the definition of a great childhood.
Jane Holstead worked downtown as a Real Estate agent. No! THE Real Estate agent. Her pretty face was splashed all over park benches and her houses had eggshell white cardboard advertisements showing for whom had the privilege of selling a newly married couple their very first home. Jim Holstead had no excuse. He simply enjoyed living his middle class life. Every Tuesday and every Thursday, like clockwork, He could be found downtown with his buddies bowling and dreaming of bringing home that shiny gold trophy proving he was a top condition athlete. Of course, anyone who knew Jim (A.K.A. Big Jim) knew he was simply trying to prove he was not a victim of age or weight. He was just as wonderful as he was in his early twenties, if not more so.
This could only mean one thing though, this meant that the Holstead family was very busy. So busy in fact, that they had to call Jane’s brother to watch Jimmy every Tuesday and every Thursday.
Tedd didn’t mind one bit. If anything this was a blessing. Unlike the Holstead family, He never married, he had bared no children, and worked a job he hated. Jimmy was a blessing. A window into a life he would never have.
Yep. Uncle Teddy. The fun uncle. He took his role very serious and made a real effort to bond with his nephew. He would look upon the smiling face of little Jimmy and see a small pond splash reflection of himself. Jimmy even had the same fiery red hair and constellation patch of freckles he has.
Week’s turned into Month’s and Uncle Teddy was falling into his role just fine. Adjusting. Adjusting to being depended on and loved. It wasn’t until his trip to James Madison Park one Friday that he discovered something lurking just below the freckled face boy’s unusually happy demeanor. Something Awful. Something utterly frightening.
As they walked through the park, talking about whatever random topic that came up a four legged furry friend seemed to find them appealing. A big slobbery loving Labradoodle. His name was Buddy. Well, that was what his fancy sparkling collar named him anyways.
Buddy must have escaped the chain-linked fence or something because his owner was nowhere to be seen. Jimmy and Buddy seemed to have an immediate bond build between them. The large golden haired pooch jumped straight upon Jimmy’s chest, knocking him to the soft lush grass. A flash of pink tongue and a gallon of slobber appeared all over the boys left cheek.
The more the boy giggled the more Uncle Teddy giggled. It couldn’t be helped, even a sour single man like Tedd had to admit, he was utterly adorable. Not wanting to interrupt the two playing so nicely together, Uncle Teddy decided he would step away and track down that hotdog vendor in the Sunflower yellow apron they passed about three baby strollers and a handful of Frisbee golfers ago.
“Stay here and keep Buddy out of trouble okay? I shall track us down some grub.”
Uncle Teddy winked at the boy
“Sir Yes Sir!” He saluted sarcastically before returning to his slobbery friend.
The man walked a slow proud walk. The park was filled with an abundance of wonderful scents and sights. His heart was filled with cotton candy and amusement rides. Life seemed perfect. A large smile crept from one cheek to another as he saw his nephew in the distance.
“The innocence of children” he thought to himself as he watched Jimmy hug Buddy tight.
Whimpering. Loud whimpering turning into harsh yelps of pain. Uncle Teddy dropped the hotdogs, littering the ground with a tie dye of condiments. 
He ran to Jimmy. Ran as fast as his legs could take him. When he got there, what he saw sent shivers as sharp as razor blades radiating up his spine. Jimmy wasn’t hugging Buddy. Jimmy was choking Buddy. He had the poor dog in a head lock, squeezing as hard as he could.
When buddy would struggle to get free, Jimmy swung hard. His knotted tiny fist landing punch after sadistic punch upon the dogs wet nose. 
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING? LET GO OF THAT DOG RIGHT NOW!”
Tedd tried to peel Jimmy’s arm away from the dog’s throat but caught an abrupt elbow to the groin. The pain was immediate and immense.
“FUCK YOU!” Jimmy shouted 
It took a good five minutes and a few hard knocks to Tedd’s nose and groin before he was able to pry the boy away from the dog. Pinning Jimmy to the ground, he tried his best to calm him. A tantrum. Awful thrashing and cussing came from the little boy as he tried to remove himself from underneath his uncle’s strong grasp. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Jimmy wore himself out. He lay upon the cool grass gasping for air and small tears streamed from his eyes. To the left was a carcass.
He wasn’t fast enough. Poor Buddy gave his life because of a chance encounter with a sadistic boy on a warm summer Friday.
*~*~*
So the truth was exposed. Uncle Teddy spent many days trying to figure out the awful and unusual events from the prior week and came to the conclusion that Jimmy was disturbed.
He was just a boy, he had issues and they were not his fault. This was the thoughts of a loving uncle. For whatever reason, his nephew needed his help.
Hell, for all Tedd knew, this WAS a cry for help. He didn’t seem to get enough attention from his parents. Maybe he was being bullied in school? There are a million reasons why a child would do something like this, but Uncle Teddy was not about to give up. After all, isn’t the majority of these reason’s never the child’s own fault?
For that very reason, Uncle Teddy decided to keep that Friday a secret. Things seemed to get better for a while. He spent more and more time with his nephew. He was now watching Jimmy five days a week while his sister worked due to a sudden and unexpected illness with Jimmy’s father.
From Monday to Friday, Uncle Teddy was an active part of Jimmy’s life. Jane would work and then spend a few hours at the hospital with her husband. Tedd would cook and clean and make sure Jimmy would complete his homework. He would even spend an hour a day outside playing football with the kid. Life was going well again and that ONE incident seemed like a distant memory. He was not Uncle Teddy anymore. He felt like he was the child’s father.
One thing can be said about a father’s love…It is unconditional. They would do whatever it took in the interest of their child’s well-being.
*~*~*
It was Saturday, June 23rd, 2013. This date would NEVER leave Tedd’s mind. This was that moment we spoke of earlier. It seems the infamous luck of the Holstead family had ran its course and Jim Holstead was fading fast. 
Uncle Teddy spent the weekend with Jimmy so his sister could be at the hospital for what seemed could be Big Jim’s final days. He did what he always does, he cooked a great meal, helped his nephew with his homework, and then cleaned the house after Jimmy fell asleep.
Everything except the trash. The trash was Jimmy’s job. He would pay Jimmy five dollars a week to complete certain chores. This allowance was meant to teach his nephew responsibility. Uncle Teddy remembered fondly doing chores as a child and the wonderful feeling he would get when he saved his money and bought all the expensive toys he wanted. Yes it took a while, yes it was hard. Finally, yes, it was worth it. This experience is what gave him the patience to save as an adult. Save until he was able to buy his home outright.
Jimmy deserved this experience. His parents always just gave him money, but not Uncle Teddy, He wanted him to EARN it.
Now Tedd has never claimed to be the smartest person in the world, but basic math never eluded him. It is easy to put two and two together. So the next morning when his nephew took out the trash and the bag ripped, that cold shiver up his spine returned once more.
A dead Jack Russel Terrier. An empty bottle of Rat poison. Research on the effects of rat poison and the human body. Uncle Teddy knew what was going on. Uncle Teddy also knew his sister’s husband did not get suddenly and unexpectedly ill.
Anger crept up his blood stream. Fear followed shortly after. A prolonged silence and intense electric eye contact between himself and his nephew replaced the need for words. After an eternity the boy spoke a simple calm sentence.
“You can’t prove anything.”
Finally the word’s crawled out of his throat in a stumbled gargle.
“Y-You need help Jimmy. Let me help you! I need to know the truth and I need to talk to your mother. Did you attempt to kill your father?”
“IF YOU TELL I WILL KILL YOU MOTHER FUCKER!”
All the man could do was calmly repeat the question, his brain seemed to automatically shut down by the steady flow of multiply emotions.
“Did you try to kill your father?” he repeated again
“Yes. I did. If you try to tell I will call you a liar. I will swear you touched me. Who do you think they will believe? I am her son after all, it wouldn’t be hard.” 
Tedd listened in horror as his voice went soft and sweet.
“He tried to touch me mommy, I told him no, but he wanted to touch me in my private parts.”
 A sadistic smile overtook the boy’s face.
“Now what Uncle Teddy? You still think you can tell on me?
He watched the boy slowly curl his hand around the wooden handle of the butcher knife that rested on the counter. He knew what was about to happen. He knew age, gender, and relationship no longer mattered. It was kill or be killed.
Uncle Teddy talked calmly to the boy as he slid his hand deep into his denim pants, resting his own fingers on the pocket knife hidden deep in the recesses of the folds.
“I won’t tell on you Jimmy. I just want to help you. Now please…let go of the knife, let us talk about this!”
“FUCK YOU!” came the sharp reply
As if it played out in slow motion, Uncle Teddy drove the tip of his knife deep into the soft flesh of the boy, his blood giving a warm spray upon his face. Hot sharp pain crawled from his own skin when he realized Jimmy managed to get the blade into his own flesh a moment before. Lucky for him, the kid missed. A trickle of blood rolled down his forearm and dripped upon the floor. A deep wound, but a superficial one.
*~*~*
The good doctor blinked twice.
“Is this a confession James?”
The man behind the bars stared blankly back at him.
“My name isn’t James! I told you this a million times. My name is Teddy.”
“I told you a million times. Your name is James “Jimmy” Holstead. You are here because you killed your mother and father. From the sounds of it, you also know where your missing uncle is as well.”
The good doctor shut the door behind him as he excited the cell.
“I will see you in court Jimmy”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Musical Chairs
To some, a single insignificant occurrence can be devastating and life altering. This was the case with Anthony. To everyone else involved, it was nothing more than a silly game from childhood. A game in which no one really remembers who won or who lost. Just a game. Musical Chairs.
Anthony tried his best. He didn’t really care about the chocolate velvet cake that was decorated with a sugary pink rose only the victor would savor. What he really cared about was winning. Correction. He didn’t truly care about that neither.
It was his father that cared. Anthony Roger Smith Senior. You see, Anthony was a reflection of him and as his father always said “I didn’t raise no loser!” He put actual sweat and tears into this silly little contest. The music would play and the children would laugh and slowly revolve around the chairs completely unconcerned. Oh how he wished he could have been them. 
Not Anthony though, his face was stern. His eyes never leaving sight of the reflective metal chair legs for even a moment. His father called it “Keeping your eyes on the prize.” 
So this was it, down to the final two contestants. He KNEW he would win. His competitor was none other than Kevin O’Neal. A little meaty around the waistline and slow, Anthony remembers him running laps in Gym class and stopping to spew the contents of his lunch all over the slick surface of the basketball court. He was slow, he had no endurance. This was it he was going to make his old man proud!
A sucker punch of horror came when the music stopped and they fought for the very last chair. Their butts collided in an epic battle for the right to sit in the throne, to become the all-time McDonald County Musical Chair Champion. 
Anthony felt his body jar and his legs crumble as Kevin’s more than robust waist pushed against him. The extra weight slammed into him like a ton of bricks and his body simply could not retaliate. As his body hit the floor and he was declared the loser, large sobs escaped his lips followed closely by large salty stinging tears. “Loser tears” his father had called them. 
He was ridiculed all the way home by his father. Once in the privacy of their living room, Anthony Roger Smith Junior endured the worst beating of his childhood. Fifteen hard lashes with his father’s belt dotted his skin. A few of the welt’s started to ooze a small trickle of blood and as his father had claimed. “You are too lazy to bleed to win then you deserve to bleed when you lose. Those are loser marks. They will remind you to try harder next time!”
That was the very last time he had lost at anything. That silly little game had taught him a very valuable lesson and he coasted through his childhood only playing games he knew he could win. That was fifteen years ago. Since then, his growth from childhood to adulthood was as thin sheet of glass. Now he sits in his beat up Mobile Home. Alone. He never dated nor attempted to make friends. Why would he? What if they were better at something than he was? What then? 
*~*~*
Kevin felt as if his head was filled with thick green Jell-O. His vision was dim. Partly from the foggy response his sight gave to the drugs that coursed through his blood stream, but mostly because of the single dying light bulb that now swayed back and forth above his head in the empty room.
He struggled to move but something heavy restrained his arms behind his back. His butt was numb from the uncomfortable rubber chair he was forced to sit on. In the dimly illuminated room he could see four other people struggling with their own personal hell in the seats next to him. Panic and anger verbalized from the captive strangers and echoed in the small isolated chamber. Kevin sat frozen in fear. No words. No questions. He just sat very still like a starry eyed doe caught in the headlights of a tractor trailer.
To his right, He watched one of the larger men attempt stand and break the rubberized seat just fall back in place and pant from exhaustion. The horrible sounds of terror become a mumbled enraged hornet’s nest of noise in his eardrums. 
The light goes out and darkness fills the room. A booming voice comes over the intercom that makes every captive jump in surprise.
“SILENCE!” started the voice
To Kevin’s relief, the hornet’s nest of noise simmered to a dull boil then blinked out of existence. Everyone sat perfectly still, not daring to disobey the mysterious voice.
“You are all here because you stole something from me. Something so precious that I can never get it back. You stole my victory! Today, we will have a rematch.”
The tiny wires from the glass bulb started to conduct electricity once more, allowing enough light to leak into the room to see the confused expression’s on everyone’s faces. The large metallic door slowly creaked open and a large masked man stumbled in. 
Kevin could see the shadow cast upon the wall, the shadow of a rather large and scary looking gun that the man had slung over his shoulder. All he could do was quiver and clench his eyes shut and wait to be executed. To his surprise, he felt the bonds released from his arms. 
“Stand up!” 
He swallowed hard and did as he was told. Sure, the thought of a hard thump to the man’s noggin did cross his mind, but he knew better. He was hyper aware of the damage a single bullet could do to him.
He watched as the strange man lifted his chair and left the room. The distinct sound of a latch finding its equal behind the door reminded everyone that they were in fact prisoners. Rats. Rats stuck on the wrong side of the sewer grate.
The bulb flickered and light danced before everyone’s eyes momentarily just to be replaced with darkness once more. A bizarre yet familiar sound. The slow hissing of a water hose. The roar of fear and confusion filled the room once more. Kevin felt the rushing liquid soak every inch of his foot and reach the top of his ankles.
He struggled to move. The electrical impulses in his brain seemed to misfire completely. 
“Move. Come on. Lift your leg and step forward. If you don’t do something everyone will drown!”
That single thought seemed to motivate his muscles. He stumbled around blindly until he felt a warm body. He started tugging at the restrains with all of his might, desperate to save this stranger from a watery grave.
To his surprise, the hiss disappeared and the water level stopped rising. He could hear the sounds of restraints being released from somewhere in the dark void. The ability to see was granted once more as the bulb whizzed back to life.
He looked upon the terrified faces of the four and watched as the stood and rubbed their wrists, hoping the discomfort would magically vanish.
“There are five people and four rubber chairs. When the music stops, an electrical current will be sent through the water on the floor. Anyone not seated on a chair will be killed. Good luck!”
Just as quickly as it came, the mysterious voice left. Colonel Bogey’s March came flooding over the intercom. It took a brief moment for everyone to understand the meaning behind the magical noise coming from above. 
Kevin’s eyes widened in frightful understanding. He darted for a chair and clung to it for dear life. Like sheep following the shepherd, the rest quickly followed. He watched as the only man standing starting to panic and shout at the mousey woman in front of him.
“MOVE! GET UP! I NEED A CHAIR” 
The mousey woman just shook her head and held on tight. The music droned on for a moment longer and started to wind down. A big meaty fist came flying and made contact with the woman’s left cheek. A sickening thud filled the room. Kevin swallowed hard and watched as the woman’s body went limp. The man don’t hesitate. He grabs the woman and flings her hard into the water and jumps for the chair. 
His feet barely broke the surface of the water and found the safety of the rubber when the music died. Everyone watched as the limp body of the mousey woman started to convulse as wave after wave of electrical currents smashed into her body. A grotesque smell filled the atmosphere.
Just as quick as it started, the torture subsided. The water became nothing more than a harmless wet substance.
The door opened and the strange armed man entered. He remained silent and ominous as he splashed across the room and grabbed a chair. Everyone heard the door latch behind him and stared at each other. Examined each other. Kevin felt the hair on his arms stand on end as an epiphany reared its unwanted head. His eyes darted to the body that lay motionless on the opposite side of the room.
“They are sizing me up. They are deciding who must die next in order for them to live.” He bit his bottom lip and stared back at the strangers.
“OH MY GOD! I AM DOING THE SAME THING! I KNOW WHO I MUST KILL” his thoughts were interrupted by another childish musical number came over the magic black box overhead. It was as if a referee had fired the pistol at the beginning of a hundred yard dash. He watched the two women start kicking and shouting, doing their very best to immobilize one another.  
The other man simply clung to the chairs with all of their might, watching the show in horror. Kevin followed suit and claimed his own seat and let the women figure out which would die and which would live. He had to conserve his energy after all. He KNEW that in a matter of time, he too would have to fight for the right to survive.
Then the music died. The music died and both women started to quake where they stood. It took twice as long for their hearts to stop as it did the mousey woman, but eventually, the death count rose by two bodies. Just as before, the strange man came and took out away a chair. Two chairs this time. Leaving only one lonely seat.
Kevin held his breath. This was it. Fight or die! The music started once more and he waited for the impending violent assault on his large meaty body. Nothing. He let out a hot gasp of air and started to dart for the chair.
“WAIT!” came the voice of the other survivor. 
“Stand on the chair. If you do that we will both survive.” 
Thoughts rattled around in his head. 
Will that work? Should I just kick him down when the music stops?
He heard the music wind down and jumped upon the rubber chair, the front of his shoes lingered dangerously close to the water. The other man followed suit and clung to Kevin. No electricity came.
After an eternal moment of agonizing silence, the armed man entered the room. The sound of a single gunshot caused a nasty ringing in his ear. Kevin felt the warm splash of gore upon his face as the bullet ripped through the stranger’s brain tissue. 
He felt heavy. Very heavy. The man’s body went limp in Kevin’s arms and the chair started to tip. He released his grip and let the corpse crumple to the ground. He felt tears swell in his eyes as he stood face to face with the twisted man.
The man slowly pulled the mask off of his face and stared Kevin straight in the eyes.
“He cheated.” The man stated calmly
“Kevin O’Neal, once again you are the McDonald County Musical Chairs Champion. I have to wonder though…” 
His voice trailed off as he backed himself to the doorway and aimed the barrel straight at Kevin’s head.
“PLEASE! PLEASE DON’T. WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?”
His tears fell freely and his chest struggled to expand as the icy touch of desperation and fear hindered him. Kevin simply stood upon the rubber chair waiting for death. 
He watched as the man threw the key across the room and let it sink to the bottom of the make shift creek. He stepped just outside the door and turned on the electricity.
“I have to wonder if you ever you ever suffered defeat. Really suffered. I guess we will find out.”
Darkness. Kevin heard the door lock once more and caught a random glimpse of blue sparks emanating from the water below his feet. Anthony knew it was only a matter of time. A matter of time before Kevin O’Neal would suffer defeat.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
My Friend, Death
Have you ever wondered what controls whether we live or die? Is it fate or destiny or maybe just pure chance? How about luck of the draw? Are we on a set path in this lifetime, or is everything just coincidence?
These questions never once crossed my mind. After all isn’t the saying, “You only live once”? So why not make the best of it while you can. Of course at that time I hadn’t yet come face to face with Death yet, I hadn’t even considered the possibility that Death had more say in our lives than we ever cared to admit. We all meet him at some point, whether we like to admit it or not. Mostly we try avoid it, we pretend that it won’t happen at all.
Well I have met Death, pretty nice guy if you ask me. Now, before you even think of asking... He does not wear a black hooded cloak, he does not have a scythe. In fact, he is really just as normal as you and me. The only difference is, he does have the ability to give and take life. I myself have witnessed this on several different occasions and let me tell you right now, it’s not as glamorous or magical as you might imagine. Hollywood has a way of overplaying things. .
We have become really close friends, and one of our favorite pastimes is playing dice. I’m sure most of you have at least once in your life played liars dice or Yahtzee. What we play is very similar, with only one big difference, we play for souls.
Once a week we get together, no specific place, and play a few rounds. If I win, a life is spared, if Death wins... Well I’m sure you can figure out what happens, a life gets taken. So, here are some of the poor souls we have either let lit, or extinguished.
*~*~*
William Peterson, aged 36. He works as a lawyer at a prestigious law firm. He owns a beautiful large four bedroom Victorian house in an upscale part of town and drives the newest Mercedes Benz. Married to the love of his life, Michelle Peterson. A lovely young woman, the perfect trophy wife. Together they have two young children, Paul and Jessie. Both under the age of five.
He works out at the gym once a day, and is very health conscious. Fit as a fiddle with no record of heart problems what so ever. The kind of man you would imagine would live to be at least eighty years of age before any kind of health issues became apparent.
The perfect life, or so it would seem. With just a few throws of a dice, his fate would be sealed... Here we go! A collective score out of three throws of the dice from each of us is the deciding factor. Death won.
After a long day at work, William headed off towards the gym. He spent an hour on the treadmill, warming up for some heavy lifting. A sudden sharp pain shot down his left arm, accompanied by a searing pain in his chest. Before he could shout out for help, William Peterson fell to the ground, dead.
*~*~*
Lauren Smith, aged 67. A spinster who lives with a bunch of cats... The hilariousness of this one had me interested. A typical “crazy cat lady”, and not a very nice one at that. She hates humanity and is a very bitter old lady. Throwing stones at people who annoy her is her favorite pastime. 
Whenever she sees a homeless or jobless person on the street, she shouts at them, tries to kick them in the shin and sometimes even goes as far as spitting on them. Many people wish her dead, and would probably pay for front row tickets in order to witness her death. Death and I would make a small fortune if we actually did this, surely we can come up with some sort of plan...
Her health is wavering though. High blood pressure and cholesterol, arthritis and dementia is a daily struggle. The usual illnesses that plague the elderly.
I hate to admit it, but honestly, I hope that Death wins this round. Miserable people like this, who get their pleasures from making others just as miserable as themselves, really don’t deserve to live in this wondrous world we live in.
Just my luck though. It seems the dice have decided to let old crazy cat lady live this round. Death thinks it’s one huge joke on my behalf.
*~*~*
We never know when our own death approaches, and thus we should always try and make the best of this life. Enjoy it, without making life hard for others. There is more joy in being happy with those around you, than there is being bitter and hateful.
If you dislike someone, for whatever reason, let it be. Do not go out of you way to hurt them. In the end, the only person you are hurting, is yourself. Live, love and be happy. Forgive, never forget, and remember the good as well as the bad. 
I am now an old man aged 88. My time is near, Death has been a great companion these many years. I have seen and experienced as much as I possibly could. I have travelled and seen the world. I have met so countless amazing and truly interesting people. I have loved greatly, been a husband, a father, a grandfather and even a great-grandfather. I have watched with pride and humility as my family has prospered and bloom. 
I have no regrets, all but one. In the eighth grade there was a young beautiful girl names Anne. I regret not kissing her. What can I say, I love the ladies.
*~*~*
“I am ready to play my friend.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, my time has to come sooner or later.”
“As you wish.”
With a few rolls of the dice, a last fate will be sealed, this time my own. I am ready to enter the afterlife, where I shall await the arrival of those I love. I hope them the best and know that Death will be kind to them.
“The Dice have spoken, I shall see you soon my friend.”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Last Call
Early 1800’s

“Last call!”
The booming voice of the tavern keeper echoed over the hand carved wooden bar. Dawn was approaching fast and the last round of drinks was about to be served. The overcrowded tavern would soon fall silent for the day. 
Elijah slowly got up, rocking slightly on his feet and let out a blasting belch as he raised his giant hand to signal for a last shot of whiskey. He had been ingesting shots of the burning liquid since dusk had settled over the town. The thought of going home to his wife who nagged at him for every tiny thing made his head hurt. 
Screw it, I’ll just go straight to work.
He was more excited about the chopping of wood than he was at the prospect of facing Magdaline. Fifteen years, for fifteen years he had been burdened with a mousy little know it all. To this day he still could not figure out what had possessed him to marry her. 
After his final shot, Elijah made his way outside to retrieve his horse from the paddock behind the tavern. He fumbled with the reigns as he hooked the giant black horse to his small wooden wagon. Caesar, his pride and joy. Magdaline had been furious the day he had returned home after a week of being M.I.A only to find out that he had gone and spent their entire life savings on a horse. He still had the scar on his eyebrow to remind him of her fury. She had thrown plates and cups at him, till finally in her fit of rage, her hand had found the heavy cast iron pot she used for all her delicious stews. 
Damn woman!
His head ached and his intestines felt like it was a blazing inferno. Whiskey, his salvation as well as his worst enemy. The trip into the woods didn’t help his constitution.
It seemed like the wagon was rocking back and forth and side to side more often on this trip. He cursed the horse and whipped him harder with the crop in his large hand. Elijah knew he was being unreasonable, in the end, this was all his own fault. Only he could be blamed for knocking up Magdaline, he felt responsible enough to ask her to marry him. The fact that she had a miscarriage halfway through her pregnancy wasn’t her fault. It was him who had decided for them to move outside of town, his own choice to become a lumberjack.
Finally reaching his destination, he lifted his large body out of the wagon and took up his axe. He would take out his frustration on some innocent trees.
*~*~*
A handful of hours had passed, Elijah wiped his sweat soaked brow with his forearm. His mouth and throat felt like he had chewed on and swallowed a fistful of cotton. He headed back towards his wagon, somewhere between all his rags and tools he had hidden a near half bottle of whiskey and an old sandwich or two. No way was he going to face his wife right now, she would tell him to make his own food.
Elijah was just busy taking a large swig of whiskey when his eyes fell on a small thatched roof building a few hundred yards ahead of him. He choked and spluttered. He was sure there had been nothing there just a few moments ago.
He rubbed his eyes and stepped forward. Either he had drank too much or his eyes were playing tricks on him, but the closer he got to the small building, the more he thought he might be dreaming.
He could hear loud music from within. The sound of men chattering and arguing grew louder and louder. He could even hear the laughter and giggles of woman. Curiosity overtook surprise. Elijah walked right up to the faded red door of the building and knocked loudly. He waited for what seemed an eternity before the door finally swung open. 
Before him stood the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. 
“Well hello there dearie. Welcome, welcome. Please come on in.”
“Wh-what is this place?”
Elijah’s eyes nearly popped out of his head as he took in the sight. It was a tavern, filled to the brim with men just like him, but that was not all. Each man had a woman with him. Beautiful exotic woman who were flinging themselves at some of the ugliest S.O.B’s he had ever seen. 
“What can I get you Love?”
He had almost forgotten about the beauty who had greeted him. For a moment he just stared at her with a blank expression on his face. God how he wished Magdaline had looked like this. Then he would have absolutely no problem putting up with her constant nagging. This woman was tall and slender, had the biggest, brightest green eyes and a thick head of long curly black hair. The tips reached down and caressed her perfect buttocks. His eyes finally reached her ample breasts. They were large and nearly spilling out of the tight corset she was wearing.
“I... Whiskey”
She giggled slightly at his stutter, took his hand in her own and led him to the bar where she instructed the barkeeper to hurry up and get Elijah his whiskey.
*~*~*
Elijah thought he was in heaven. He had been drinking non-stop, not knowing what the time was, and not really caring. He had made some conversation with a few of the other men and had even gone as far as playing a couple hands of poker. Of course he always lost, but this didn’t bother him. It was worth it. The young beauty had stayed by his side the entire time. She had even so much as hinted that she was willing to go to one of the empty rooms in the back and show him the time of his life. The only obstacle was his own guilt. How could he face Magdaline if he made love to another woman? His will was waning though. Temptation! His desire for this woman grew and grew with each passing minute.
Screw Magdaline!
Finally he gave in. Bliss! It had been absolute bliss. How had he not known about this place? He had worked in these woods for years. He pondered on this for only a few seconds though. Why question the will of the Gods?
Afterwards, when he and his lady were laying on the cold ground in the empty room, a loud voice came from behind the door.
“Last call!”
All his physical needs had been sated, now to quench his thirst. He got up and left the woman sleeping. Once more he signalled for a whiskey. This time making sure he savored it before he started heading back to his life outside. At some stage he would have to go home and face his wife. Right now he was going to enjoy his last few minutes of heaven.
His hand was resting on the doorknob, he turned around and gave a final nod and smile. Elijah was unprepared for what he saw when he opened the faded red door.
There, right in front of him, was the tree he had been chopping, except it had fallen. He could not remember that he had actually gotten as far as chopping right through it. 
“What the hell?!”
Beneath the fallen tree was a body, crushed. He could barely make out the face of the person... The only thing he did recognize was the shirt and the long scraggly beard. It was him, it was Elijah.
A soft hand touched his shoulder from behind. He spun around and was met with the bright green eyes of the woman he had just made love to.
“I am sorry dear. You died the moment you saw this tavern. This was your final day in this world. Each person is rewarded a final moment of pleasure, this was yours.”
*~*~*
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Do you love Short Fiction? Are you a huge fan of Poetry? Then you will LOVE what Ink Blood has in store for you! From Novellas to Anthologies, you can find your next great literary love.
INK BLOOD PUBLISHING
Where Short Fiction Lives.

