COUP

by Brian Bakos




cover art: BravoCovers

Copyright 2020, Brian Bakos
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you want to share this book, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your own copy. Thanks for respecting the author’s hard work.

Table of Contents
Prelude: First Contact
One: On the Brink
Two: Revolt
Three: The New Order
Four: Official Propagandist
Five: The Turning
Six: Seeking an Exit
Connect with the Author
Brian’s Other Books

Prelude: First Contact

The Five Comrades stood in a small, windowless room, chanting before their shrine. Black candles gave subdued illumination, and incense fouled the air. Many times over the previous weeks they’d performed this summoning ritual, always without success. 
Today was different. Their ardor and unwavering faith broke through all obstacles. The chamber slowly disappeared, and they found themselves wandering a dim passage leading to impenetrable darkness.
“Fucking A! We made it through,” one cried.
“Shut up, moron,” the leader snarled. “Show respect.”
“Y-yes, sir.”
The Comrades—five young men sporting shaved heads and tattoo-covered bodies—huddled together and continued their progress down the corridor, peering ahead for any token of acceptance. 
“Over there,” the leader whispered. “See it?”
The others nodded. A crimson, skeletal face hovered in the distance, leering at them with glowing, starburst eyes. They halted as it drew closer. Trembling with fear and anticipation, they bowed their heads in humble reverence…
“Hey!” A shrill female voice intruded. “What are you guys up to?” 
An overhead light flicked on. The five spun around to discover they were back in their squalid little room. A girl stood by the open door.
“Get out, bitch!” the leader shrieked.
He turned back toward the shrine, but the gate to the corridor was barred. Devastation crushed his heart. 
“Ohhh…” He gripped a comrade for support.
“Well, screw you boys,” the girl said. “This is your big ‘shrine,’ eh? Looks tacky to me. Stinks, too.”
The comrades glowered at the trespasser with pure hatred. 
“Forget this crap,” the girl said. “Let’s party.”
They closed in on her. She screamed.
One: On the Brink
1. Danger Street
I didn’t notice the thugs until they were almost upon me.
“Hey, Professor!” a harsh voice called. “Where d’ya think you’re going?”
I looked up from my notebook to see a half dozen gang members blocking the narrow street. Their heads were shaved; demonic tattoos covered their faces and arms. Knives glinted in their hands. 
I stumbled back, nearly falling over. The thugs laughed. I glanced behind me—nobody there, but retreat would be futile. I’m no track star. They could easily run me down in their stomper boots. 
My brain went blank. Then thoughts barged in. 
The first one: Idiot!
How could I have let myself be caught off guard? I’d been walking this mean street with its low, closely packed slum apartments, unmindful to the danger lurking about. I’d been jotting in my notebook, as if the world might change should I ignore it enough. 
The next thought: Don’t they know who I am?
Apparently not, or it didn’t matter.
Their leader was the big, ugly one standing in front. Jagged words and symbols obscured his face, and devil-horn tattoos disfigured his forehead. To his right, stood a shorter, powerfully built goon—the lieutenant. He looked strong enough to snap my arm like a candy cane. The others were only slightly less terrifying.
A vicious smile twisted the leader’s countenance beneath its layers of ink. His ‘heroic’ comrades aped this expression as they advanced in a semi-circle. A cold wave of evil preceded them, chilling me with horror. One might say the time for action had come.
“Whoo!” I shouted, tossing my notebook into the air. 
The thing came apart, fluttering its sheets like crazed moths toward my enemies. They paused, momentarily startled. I used the time to pop open my holster and withdraw the Mauser automatic. It’s an old gun, but very effective. I’d been backing my notebook with the holster, so it had been hidden from view. Smart. 
I chambered a round—a reassuringly harsh noise—and inhaled the intoxicating scent of gun oil. 
“Fun’s over, boys.” 
I held the big pistol two-handed, gazing down its barrel at the leader’s face. His arrogance vanished, replaced by surprise and fear. 
“What’s the matter?” I taunted. “Don’t like the welcoming committee?”
No answer. 
“Drop the knives.”
Instant obedience. They understood the slightest hint of defiance would bring lethal retribution. Six blades clattered to the ground. I grinned broadly, enjoying the show. The thugs displayed less cheerful attitudes.
Do it! 
My finger squeezed against the trigger. The world turned red, and roaring filled my ears. 
Yes, I could drop two or three of these bastards before the others ran off. Nobody would care, least of all the cops—after a bribe. Whatever crime boss who employed these cruds would simply write them off as a business expense rather than deal with the bad publicity.
The leader’s aspect changed. Fear left his eyes, and resignation took its place. He expected to die, seemed to welcome it. The death images tattooed on his body prepared to take him home. This attitude shift had a certain dignity, and I hated it more than his earlier insolence. I lowered the gun toward his crotch, and his terror returned.
Shoot his nuts off!
Overcoming the temptation, I aimed the gun at his left foot and pulled the trigger.
Blam!
A deafening roar echoed off the buildings. It struck my head an almost physical blow. The leader went down, clutching his foot and howling with pain. The rest gaped at him.
“Anybody else want some?” 
The coolness of my voice surprised me. I sounded like a movie hero; the line had a cinematic ring.
Five bald, tattooed heads shook in unison. They looked like big, decorated eggs waiting to get their shells cracked. The gun felt right and easy in my hands, a powerful extension of my will. It sure would be fun to explode those eggs, though I decided against it. Reveling in violence seemed too dangerous a path to take for long.
“Pick up the garbage and get out.” 
All the fight was out of the thugs. They helped up their stricken leader and carried him away, blood trailing from his wounded foot. The lieutenant glanced back at me with an odd, questioning expression on his tattooed face.
“You be a good boy, now,” I said.
Keeping my Schnellfeuer aimed at their backs, I stooped to pick up my holster and the best of the knives—a long, vicious blade with a red handle once carried by the leader. I booted the others into the stinking drainage ditch. Disturbed night creatures inside shifted about.
People observed from windows, wariness and admiration etched on their faces. Small children stood in the potholed street watching me at a distance.
“Be sure to read the Clarion!” I called out. “Best sports coverage in the city.”
I stepped over some notebook sheets and continued on my way. Reconstructing the notes would be a hassle. The extra work will remind me not to be so foolish again.

2. A Dog’s Life
From the above account, one might conclude I’m an aggressive sort. In fact, I’m rather bookish, a sports journalist who never  played any game but who can write about them in words people enjoy reading. 
Pro sports are one of the few things our people can hang onto these days, a buffer against an increasingly ugly world. I’m only mid 20’s but can recall better times before the drug scourge and the rise of criminal gangs killed off decent society, destroying whatever affluence we’d once possessed. Our government officials have always been self-serving; now they’re hand-in-glove with the criminal element.
My name is Tomasio Hagridoon. People usually call me “T.H.” or simply “T.” Work is my refuge. Sports reporting is the only thing a self-respecting journalist can do in our country these days. Real journalism died some time ago. 
The gun turned me into a joyous destructor that day. I would never have initiated such a confrontation, but, since I was already there, I must admit it was rather fun. The Clarion newspaper obtained the pistol for me to deal with “occupational hazards”—such as stadium riots and getting jumped on the street between games. 
Ordinarily, just the crime bosses and high government officials (though I repeat myself) have guns, along with their inner circles. Also the military and our corrupt police, who are controlled by the aforementioned officials. The street gangs are considered too volatile to be trusted with firearms. They might get ideas of their own that the bosses commissioning their services would dislike. 
Those of us holding the rare gun permits make do with outmoded weapons, like my Mauser Schnellfeuer, which dates back to an earlier century. My example is in mint condition, though—accurate and hard hitting. Its wooden holster doubles as a shoulder stock you can attach when shooting full automatic. I tried that once. Pretty freaky.
My aversion to violence kept me from flaunting the weapon. Why push it? Even gang bangers enjoy reading my sports accounts, or having them read aloud by others. Until now, such celebrity had afforded a measure of protection. Things are getting worse as our society unravels. Nobody is safe any longer.
* * *
Is it all worth it? I wondered as I trudged along one late afternoon a week after my encounter with the gang. 
Sure, the money’s good and getting better. The Clarion is desperate to keep me on the payroll, as few others are willing to accept such risks to keep our people entertained. Still…
This was a typical depressed area. Pot-holed streets flanked by drainage ditches emitting foul odors; low, poorly maintained wood buildings; small shops and food stands already closing for the day. Shabby, dispirited people looked on with suspicion.
Doubts assailed me as I observed my standard safety procedures: Keep in the open on the main street, don’t get near any obstructions where an ambusher might be lurking, maintain a constant scan. Above all, keep the Mauser ready for instant use. Public transportation has largely broken down, and hired drivers won’t enter the rough neighborhoods I must cross to reach the sports venues. 
I’ve turned myself into a walking fortress. The Mauser is always in my right hand now, connected to my wrist by a tether of woven steel. A 20-round magazine protrudes from the weapon to show I can stand off any number of assailants. Extra ammo clips are stored in the holster and in my vest pockets.
An umbrella is tucked under my left arm, its sharp point facing backwards. It’s really a weapon disguised as an umbrella, though it comes in handy when it rains. I’ve taken to wearing sunglasses with internal mirrors so I can detect an assailant sneaking up behind. 
My new vest has an inner layer of steel mesh to turn aside knife strikes. And don’t forget the trophy blade with its ruby-red handle protruding from my boot. All in all, I make quite a fashion statement.
It was later than I preferred, as I’d been delayed at the sports stadium. There’d been a brawl on the field, and numerous players had been ejected—much to the chagrin of the crowd. A major riot seemed on the verge of breaking out, but the guards put a lid on it.
An uneasy truce prevails at the sports venues. Enforcers of the various gangs keep their members in line, and the guards have been known to use extreme violence, so the storm blew over. I remained to conduct interviews with numerous injured players.
Now it was getting late. Long shadows stabbed along the ground. A freak storm had occurred two days ago, and piles of dirty snow edged the street. Soon they would melt, and the latest murder victims would emerge. Two gang members followed me a block behind. I didn’t know if they were providing safe passage through their neighborhood or waiting for a chance to jump me.
I had to maintain a quick pace to get home before dark. In the unlit streets, even the Mauser could not guarantee safety. So, it was with considerable trepidation that I beheld a large dog blocking the way. The animal guarded the inert form of another dog—a meal, a dead mate? Growls and bared teeth warned off any approach. 
An array of unsavory choices confronted me. I could try to sneak around the animal which meant getting close to doorways where an attacker might be hiding. I could retreat to the corner, but I’d be closing with the gang members. Or I could slip down a narrow side lane already cloaked in shadow.
Is this a set up?
“Go away!” 
The dog barked viciously and advanced, the hair rising on its back. I held out the umbrella to fend off a change. The animal halted—barely. If I took another step, the dog would certainly attack, and no umbrella would deter him. The noise and confusion closed in on me, my vision blurred… I raised the Mauser.
Blam!
The dog tumbled over then struggled to rise, all the time screeching the most piteous, blood-curdling howl, like a demon from hell accusing me. I couldn’t stand to witness such suffering. 
I fired a second shot, a third… the animal became blessedly silent. The whole street was silent, dead. I hurried past the slaughter and returned home.

3. Meeting with the Boss
Damn! If there’s one thing I can’t tolerate, it’s cruelty to animals. All night the terrible cries of that dog played through my memory, denying me sleep. Every abused animal throughout history wailed in my mind. 
What else could I have done, though? I might have been walking into a trap.
When the dog accusations subsided temporarily, the hate-filled faces of the gang members leered from the darkness over my bed. As always these days, the Mauser was at hand, and I had to restrain myself from firing into the ceiling. 
My little studio apartment seemed like a coffin. The drab walls closed in whenever I shut my eyes. I could scarcely breathe. A faucet drip I’d never noticed before thundered in the darkness. This state of affairs continued until dawn when the ‘machine gun bird’ started rattling out its tune near my window. I don’t know what kind of bird it is; its rat-tat croaking assaults my ears every morning.
One might ask: If I’m making so much money, why am I living in this lousy place? 
Truth is, I don’t spend much of my money. Almost my entire salary gets wired to overseas accounts. I’ve saved quite a bit. Someday, I will follow my money and leave this tormented land, go to another country where I’m not in danger of being snuffed out at somebody’s whim, where the government and the criminals are separate entities. A place that offers its citizens more than despair, drugs, and fear.
“Someday” has finally arrived. I’m getting out! This realization brought me some comfort, and I snatched a few hours sleep.
* * *
The afternoon found me standing before the desk of my editor. He looked at me warily over the top of his glasses, as if he knew what was coming. 
“What brings you in today, T?” 
“Well, Boss – ” 
“Oh, before I forget,” he interrupted, “that was a great piece you submitted on the stadium fight. You were the only reporter who stuck around to interview the principals. I’ve approved a bonus.”
“Uh… thanks, Boss.”
“So, what can I do for you?” 
I felt like an ingrate but barged ahead anyway. “I’m thinking it’s time I got out of this business.”
The Boss’s face crumpled. “Ohhh, I should have figured on this. Why else would you come in on a day off?”
He looked like a man whose best friend had died, or maybe somebody shot his dog. “What’s the matter? Aren’t we treating you right?”
“The Clarion has always been good to me, and so have you, Boss.”
“What, then?”
“I just think it’s time to do something else, with a lower profile.”
“I see…” Wheels turned in the Boss’s head; he had a desperate look. “The shooting incident, right? That’s been taken care of with the police and the big hood.”
I shook my head. “Things are getting too dangerous out there. Everything.”
“So, what’s safe anymore?”
He had a good point. I almost blurted out my intention to leave the country, but that wouldn’t be wise. The less anyone knew about my plans, the better. Paranoia was the safest course.
“The quarter finals begin in three days,” the Boss pleaded. “Would you consider sticking around long enough to cover them? I couldn’t possibly find a replacement for you on such short notice.”
I felt my resolve weakening. The Boss pulled another argument out of his quiver.
“It must be a nerve-wracking experience going out to the stadiums, things being the way they are. Maybe we can do something about it.” He shuffled through the disorder on his desk and located a sheet of paper. “Ah, here it is.”
A resume, presumably. He read it through, moving his lips like he does when going over news copy.
“We’re planning to add a photographer to the permanent staff,” he said. “Carl Strick. Do you know him?”
“Name doesn’t ring a bell.” 
The Boss referred to the paper. “He’s been a freelancer for a while… Says here he also has a Class A gun permit. You could go to the games together—strength in numbers.”
The situation became very awkward. I glanced around the room to relieve my stress. It looked more like a cheap bookie joint than the office of a major newspaper editor. The dingy walls, battered metal desk, the disconnected water cooler with its empty bottle—all spoke of melancholy decline.
This was an obvious desperation ploy. The Boss had no intention of hiring a staff photographer until this minute. The resume had probably surfed around his desk clutter for weeks, and he didn’t know Carl Strick any better than I did.
Still, I found myself giving way, agreeing to cover the semi-finals.
“Great!” the Boss said. “After that, if you still want to quit… we’ll talk about it.”
I left the building with a distinct sense of having been out maneuvered.

It didn’t me take long to get past my lukewarm commitment to the Clarion. Over the next two days, I made departure preparations. 


4. Strick Appears
I dislike taking an unannounced leave, but… sorry, Boss. My passport is in order; my single bag is packed. An envelope with the final month’s rent sits in the desk drawer. I’m ready to vanish. 
Unfortunately, I couldn’t get a train ticket until the first day of the quarter finals. I’ll really have to leave the Boss hanging. Rail passage all the way to the border is difficult to obtain and requires more than the usual bribes. 
At night, the passport dwells under my pillow where its reassuring hum lulls me to sleep. It’s pretty new and has almost ten years to go. Will our country last another ten years? At least I won’t be around to see the painful dissolution.
A telegram arrives from the Boss. He’s apparently decided not to phone so as to avoid further resignation talk. 
Strick coming for you 12 pm before first game. Think you’ll be surprised – Ed.
Sounds like Strick is quite a guy. It’s too late to be forming any new professional relationships, though. Part of me is already gone, and the other part is aching to follow. 
Having him appear at my door solves one problem. It allows me to ditch the Mauser. I’d been wondering how to get it back to the Clarion. I thought of paying a driver to deliver it, but who could be trusted with such a valuable cargo? If I took the gun in myself, that would blow my cover, and I certainly can’t bring it on the train. 
I concoct a simple plan. When Strick arrives, we’ll take a cab out to the edge of the “combat zone” neighborhood. At that point, Strick gets out. I slip the gun and ammo into a bag and hand it to him.
“Please give this to the Boss,” I’ll say.
Then it’s off to the train station with plenty of time to spare. I’m assuming Strick will deliver the gun. He’s got a future on the paper and needs to suck up. Anyway, it’s the best I can do.
* * *
Game day finds me kicked back on my bed waiting for a knock on the door. I’ve already called for a car, and it should be on the street downstairs by noon. I indulge in pleasant daydreams. 
Tomorrow, I’ll be over the border, having paid the exit tax and the requisite bribes. Then a bee-line to the airport and a flight to as far away as I can get. Finally, I’ll catch up with my money, thousands of miles from here. I will have joined the masses of others who have given up on our country’s future. 
I feel oddly detached from these events, as if they concern somebody else. Later on will come the nostalgic reflections. It’s a sad thing to abandon one’s homeland.
Time to throw on some better clothes. The ones I’m wearing will remain here, a sort of bonus for the landlord. It’s only 11:50, so I’ve got time. Then:
Rap a Rap Rap!
A bold knock at the door. I cross the room and open up. The first thing I see is an enormous dog glaring up at me with barely contained fury. It has odd, silver eyes and silver highlights on its coat. I back away.
Where’s the Mauser? 
“Don’t worry, Hero won’t bite—unless I tell him too,” a woman standing by the dog says.
She is beyond stunning with a perfectly formed face, dusky skin, and a cascade of jet-black hair. She’s almost as tall as me and is dressed in a dark leather outfit that seems spray painted on. She clutches a red leather bag. A holster by her right arm contains an elegant automatic pistol, more like a fashion accessory than a lethal weapon.
“Carl?” 
“Actually, it’s Carlina. A masculine name makes a better first impression on the resume, don’t you think?”
“Y-yes.”
“May I come in?”
“Of course.”
I retreat into my little dump of an apartment. Suddenly, I wish I’d forked out for a better place. 
She glances about knowingly, nodding her head. “A printer did a batch of resumes for me. I can always claim the gender thing is a typo.”
“Of course.” Eloquence has abandoned me.
“Carlina is really my middle name.”
“What’s your fist name?”
“Chocolay.”
I’m instantly in love, or at least sporting a classic erection. Chocolay seems to sense my predicament and flashes another knowing smile. She understands she has a solid handle by which to lead me around.
“I made that name up.” She smirks and pats Hero’s sleek head.
She advances to the mirror over my battered dresser. Hero follows dutifully. The animal looks like he’d as soon rip my leg off as wag his tail. Is he here to avenge the dog I shot?
“I’ve always felt myself to be a Chocolay,” she says to her reflection, then turns to face me. “Don’t you think so T.H.?”
“Uh… yes, of course.”
“Or should I call you Tomasio?”
“Uh… either is fine.”
Chocolay nods. “Well, are we going?”
“Of course. Uh, give me a minute to change, please.”
“Of course.” Her voice carries a faint tone of mockery. 
I grab fresh clothes and head for the bathroom. Hero observes with suspicion. Chocolay has an amused smile on her perfect face. I close the door behind me and exhale. I’ve hardly breathed since she got here.
What the hell am I doing? 
I tuck my still engorged member into a fresh pair of undies. My careful plans are blowing out the window for a woman who probably couldn’t care less about me. 
Admit it, she is way out of your league. She’s a top player and you’re JV squad.
I’m running on autopilot, like a robot, like a fool. When I exit the bathroom in my new clothes, Chocolay is examining my Schnellfeuer.
“An interesting relic,” she says, “excellent condition, too. I know a man who’d pay quite a bit to own this.”
“Oh, I couldn’t sell it.”
“The deal would include a new gun, like mine.” 
She whips her automatic out of its holster with blinding speed. I flinch. Great, now she has two guns and my remaining one is wilting fast. 
“We could share ammunition.” She cocks an eyebrow.
What else could we “share” beside bullets? 
“It belongs to the newspaper,” I say.
“Oh, I get it.”
She re-holsters her own gun and drops mine onto the mattress. “I’ll wait outside. You ordered a car?”
“Yes.” I compel myself not to say “of course” again.
“Let’s go, Hero.”
Chocolay departs with her savage escort. I gather my accoutrements and follow. The car pulls up as I exit my apartment building.


5. First Game 
“Take us as close to East End Stadium as you feel comfortable,” I tell the driver.
I open the back door for Chocolay. Hero makes to leap inside.
“Hold on,” the driver says. “I can’t haul animals.”
“Oh.” I’m at a loss.
Chocolay sidles next to the driver on the front seat, much closer than necessary. “Couldn’t you make an exception?” she says in her husky, sensuous voice. “Hero is extraordinarily well trained and groomed. He won’t shed on your upholstery.”
She’s hurling a major sex bomb his way. I must admit to feeling jealous.
“Well… all right,” the driver says.
Chocolay gives a quick gesture toward Hero, who flings himself artfully onto the back seat. I follow, not without misgivings. The dog vibrates with hostility. He’s capable of turning savage any moment, making me wonder if I can bring my gun around quickly enough to defend against an attack. We take off at a leisurely pace. The driver seems in no rush to deprive himself of Chocolay’s presence. 
Her charm is sufficient to get us within a half mile of the stadium, much closer than I could have managed on my own. The spectators will arrive later on buses providing safe passage through the crime-ridden neighborhood. Protection money is baked into each round-trip ticket, a lucrative side income for the gangs. Journalists can afford no such luxury. We need to arrive early and stay late.
“Please give me your card,” Chocolay says. “Drivers as efficient as you are rare.”
“Sure thing.”
He fumbles out a business card and hands it to her. I want to slug the guy. Instead, I get out and open the door for Chocolay.
“Thank you, Tomasio.”
Ordinarily, I hate my name, but it sounds poetic coming from her lips. I instantly forgive her infidelities with the driver. Hero bounds out, and we all start walking toward the arena. Just like that, I’ve jettisoned my escape plan. 
Idiot! 
Too late. The cab which should have taken me to the train station is driving quickly away, out of the combat zone.
Chocolay moves with slinky self-assurance. I feel like a total oaf walking beside her in my armored vest and dorky sunglasses with the mirrors. The glasses are a children’s toy, but they work surprisingly well. At least I left my umbrella home.
The atmosphere is awkward. I seek to fill it with conversation about the item hanging from her shoulder bag—a small ceramic skull with ruby eyes.
“Is that a good luck charm?” 
“Not really. My little nephew gave it to me.”
“How interesting.”
“He won it roller skating.”
I should drop the subject, as she doesn’t seem interested in pursuing it, but I have nothing else to talk about. 
“Does it cause any problems with your work?” 
“Why would it?”
“Those you want to photograph could find it off-putting. I mean… they might feel intimidated.”
Chocolay flicks the skull with an elegant finger. “Maybe I don’t like people, and I don’t want them to like me. Have you considered that?”
“Well… no.”
“The nephew thing is a cover story. How could I have a nephew when I haven’t any siblings? I only say that so curious people won’t think I’m weird.” A thinly disguised putdown is at work.
“I see.”
Chocolay twists the knife. “Those glasses don’t do a thing for you, Tomasio.”
“They help me keep an eye out.”
“No need to be that vigilant when Hero is around. Relax.”
The dog circulates about us with all senses wide open—walking behind us sometimes, other times leading the way. Nothing escapes his attention. I have to admit feeling more secure with the animal around. He seems capable of doing more than tearing my leg off.
I remove the glasses and shove them into a vest pocket. The gesture makes me feel diminished. How could anyone feel otherwise in the presence of this goddess? Passersby look at me with more respect, as if Chocolay and I are an ‘item.’ That thought is titillating… and terrifying.
She glances disapprovingly at the Mauser “relic” tethered to my wrist like some parasite. Clearly, she thinks I’m being an alarmist. No amount of feminine tongue clicking would compel me to put it away in this neighborhood. 
Chocolay grips her camera bag strap with her right hand while the other one swings free at her side. I’ve already witnessed her quick draw routine and know she could have the gun in hand instantly. No such acrobatics are possible with my clumsy Mauser. It’s not nicknamed the “box cannon” without reason.
How convenient she’s left-handed while I favor the right. We can cover ourselves from both sides. We could even hold hands as we blast away.
We enter the relative safety of the sports stadium. Buses are only starting to arrive, so we avoid having to deal with the rambunctious fans. Our press credentials get us in. A sign by the ticket entry states:
No Animals Allowed!
As she did in the cab, Chocolay ignores this policy. She walks past the security guard, silencing him with a smile before he can protest.
“What now?” she asks me. “I’ve never done this before.”
“Well, I go to the press box and write my play-by-play. Later, I conduct interviews.”
“What about me?”
“Follow your instincts. Get down by the action and take pictures. After the game, we can join up for the interviews. The Boss would like some shots of me talking to key players.”
That last statement is not really true, but I want some mechanism for hooking up with her again.
“Sounds easy enough. Bye.” 
Chocolay runs off with her camera, Hero in tow. A curious feeling of abandonment comes over me. 
I ascend to the press box and take my place at the window bank behind big mounted binoculars that draw the action up close. The sports correspondent from the Times takes his seat beside me. We exchange nods, rather surprised to see each other. The rest of the box is empty. Radio broadcasts stopped some time ago.

Throughout the game, I can’t resist focusing the binoculars on Chocolay. She’s ravishing, even from a distance. Down on the field, she chats with players and takes pictures other photogs only dream about. Hero follows her every move, enforcing the tacit ‘look, don’t touch’ policy. 
The Times correspondent takes notice, training his own binoculars on Chocolay. “She’s quite an eyeful, huh?”
“Mmm.” I never liked the guy much, less so now. 
It’s a close, exciting game, carried along by a roaring capacity crowd. I interview the jubilant victors in their locker room. Chocolay follows me in; the players don’t seem to mind.

6. Moonrise
After the last interview, we head out. The stadium is empty, as is the street. A chill overcast obscures the sky. This is always the worst time when I feel maximum vulnerability. With Chocolay and Hero at my side, things aren’t so bad.
We hurry across the combat zone to the nearest taxi stand. The same guy who drove us in is waiting there. He’s young and good-looking. A real schmuck. 
“Good to see you,” Chocolay says.
She climbs into the front seat, leaving me to share the back with Hero again. The beast favors me with a threatening curl of its lip. The ride to my place is relatively quick through the deserted streets, as the driver has little excuse to delay. 
We arrive in front of my apartment building. Along with the fare, I hand the driver a manila envelope containing my game write up and interview notes, plus the film shot by Chocolay.
“Deliver this to the Clarion office, please. They’ll pay you a bonus.”
“Thank you, sir.” He’s a polite schmuck.
I should go to the office myself, but the editor can put things together adequately. I’m more interested in devising some method of inviting Chocolay to my apartment. She settles the issue for me.
“Come back in two hours, please,” she tells the driver. “I’ll need a ride home.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She exits the cab, drawing me and Hero in her wake. We climb the three flights to my apartment, Chocolay leading. She’s quite an eyeful mounting the stairs.
“You stay out here, boy,” Chocolay orders the dog when we reach my floor.
Hero dutifully remains in the hall. When I close the door, his bulk thumps against it, sealing us in.
“Congratulations on your first day at work,” I say. “How about some coffee? I’ve got nothing stronger right now. The corner store will be open a while yet.”
“Coffee’s fine.” 
I’m reaching for the tin on the highest shelf when Chocolay throws down. “Why are you living here, T?”
“Us single guys don’t need much.”
“I’d almost believe that if you were a lower class type. You’ve got obvious brains and education. You wouldn’t live in a place like this if you could afford better.”
“Well…”
“You’re planning to leave, aren’t you?” she says bluntly. “You’ve been socking away your pay, waiting for the right time to split.”
“It’s not that.”
“Uh-huh.”
Chocolay walks to my desk and pulls open the long drawer.
“What are you doing?” 
She withdraws the envelop with its final month rent inscription and waves it accusingly. “I thought it was fishy how the editor took me on so quick. He scarcely looked at my portfolio, and he was very concerned that I stick close to you. He must have suspected you were planning to run.”
“You’ve got no right – ”
She opens the envelope and thumbs the cash. “I’ll bet you were going to clear out today, weren’t you? Waiting for the new guy to cover your retreat.”
She’s figured things out, so denial is pointless. “You should have been a detective.” 
“You can’t leave now, Tomasio. Things in this country are about to become interesting. Where’s your journalistic curiosity?”
She locks the door, as if anybody would try getting past Hero. I gape at her, dumbfounded, as she strips off her leather outfit. The coffee tin slips from my hands and clatters to the floor.
“Hey, do I have a solo gig here or what?” she says.
The coffee never gets made.
* * *
I gaze across the bed toward Chocolay. She’s sleeping prone, and the street light coming through the window caresses her magnificent nudity. It highlights her rear like a beautiful moonrise. A dimple just above her butt crack enhances the effect. Beside her, I look lumpy and plain—anyone would. 
How the hell did I get so lucky?
I don’t know anything about the magnificent vision lying beside me. She seems foreign, somehow, yet she speaks our language with no trace of accent. She is, and is not, named Chocolay, or Carlina. She’s an only child, or isn’t… 
Her watch chimes, and Chocolay returns to wakefulness. She rolls onto her back and stretches luxuriously, like a big, sleek feline. The gold ring through her left nipple gleams.
“Time to get going. The car should be here.” 
She bounds out of bed and rapidly dons her clothes. 
I sit up. “Let me walk you downstairs.” 
“Not necessary, Marcus will be there.” 
His name is Marcus, eh?
She’s at the door. “See you tomorrow, same time? Next game of the quarter finals?”
“Y-yeah… sure.”
She opens the door. Hallway light intrudes into my miserable apartment. Hero gets up from his guard post.
“Let’s go, boy.”
She closes the door and is gone. I feel stunned.
Did any of this really happen? 
Of course, it happened. Her fragrant sexual fluids attending my body confirm that—along with numerous bite and scratch marks. I wonder idly where the train might be now, the one I’m supposed to be riding on.
7. Second Thoughts
The Clarion prints a big spread of Chocolay’s photos along with my story. 
Her work is outstanding. She has an instinctive feel for the pinnacle of action, of being in the right place at the right time. The game events swirl about her, like everything else in the world seems to. Until now, the Clarion relied on mediocre stringers for sports photography. Now they have a real edge. 
When she knocks on my door the next day, I greet her newspaper in hand. “Great pics, Chocolay!” 
“Thanks, T. I’m glad you like my work.”
“Oh, it’s a real cut above. This is going to increase circulation a lot.”
She smiles and nods, obviously pleased—but that’s it. No embrace, no kiss, no acknowledgement of any special relationship. My buoyant enthusiasm tones down.
“Ready to go?” she asks.
“Uh… yeah. Just a sec.”
I re-enter the depths of my apartment to gather my things. Chocolay waits at the door. Hero looks on with his customary hostile attentiveness. We clatter down the stairs, me bringing up the rear, as usual.
“Weather looks a bit iffy,” Chocolay calls over her shoulder. “Hope it doesn’t rain.”
Marcus is waiting in his car. He acknowledges my presence with a quick nod. Is that a bite mark on his neck? Hard to say, his shirt is buttoned up high. We enter in our usual pecking order—Chocolay up front, me in back with the dog. The ride to the combat zone is quiet and uneventful.
We get out and start walking toward the stadium. The day seems energized. The air almost crackles, and our footsteps are unusually pronounced. Is it afterglow from yesterday’s tumble?
“Can you feel it?” Chocolay asks.
“Yes.” I hope she’s referring to a connection between us. Apparently not.
“The tension has been ratcheting up more each day,” she says.
My own tension is wilting fast. Chocolay emits all the warmth and intimacy of an animated statue. What happened to the wild girl from last evening?
“It promises to be an exciting playoff series,” I say. “Yesterday’s game was a real classic. The betting parlors must be going nuts.”
“There’s more to it than that. Something is going to happen.”
“Like what?”
Chocolay shrugs. For anybody else, it would be only a gesture. For her, it’s semi-divine. “I feel our world is going to change soon.”
“For the better?”
Chocolay shrugs again.
She’s right. There has been a steady increase of tension on the street, though I’ve been too busy with my own concerns to notice it much. The gang confrontation, the dog shooting incident, my plans to leave the country, then the astonishing tryst with Chocolay—all these have left me little time to notice the broader world.
“Maybe another coup is in the offing,” I say. 
Her mouth tightens.
The last coup was over a year ago when some military men ousted the government. It came with much fanfare about “cleaning up the country” and “getting rid of corruption.” Once the dust settled, not much had changed. The high-sounding promises were soon forgotten, and a new batch of crooks took control. 
The only real change is in who’s getting their pockets lined. The government and the criminal organizations are as closely linked as ever. One hand fouls the other. All manner of crime takes place while the authorities look the other way—drugs, prostitution and human trafficking, murder, extortion… 
Two gang members are walking along the street across from us, going the opposite direction. Alarms go off in my mind. Chocolay seems unconcerned. She nods as we pass them, and they nod back.
My fingers tighten on the Mauser. “You know those guys?” 
“I know a lot of people.”
I decide not to pursue the topic. Chocolay brings it up again herself. 
“There’s been some trouble with a girl. She was hanging out with the gangs, and it caught up with her.”
“That’s hardly unusual these days.” 
“She’s the defense minister’s daughter.”
Doesn’t this give me a rise? “Maybe some heads will be rolling soon.” 
“Yeah.”
Perhaps the conjunction of government and criminals is not so seamless, after all. This is quite a news item. If real journalism were still possible, the story would be worth looking into. 
Thunder rumbles in the distance, giving the day a foreboding cast.
* * *
The football playoffs roll on. After occasional weather delays, we cover the remaining quarter final games, then the semi-finals. The Boss is ecstatic with our work, and we receive hefty bonuses.
The fireworks of that first day are not repeated. Chocolay never mentions them, and I don’t dare, either. There’s an unstated law that any matters sexual are governed exclusively by her whims. I’m only the means to an end. The end of my sanity?
Sports betting parlors do a booming trade as the odds swing this way and that. The anticipation is enormous, while another, more sinister, tension builds under the surface. Anxiety is in the air and on every face. Even the stray dogs seem to feel it and go about with added caution.
It seems prudent to stock up on necessities. My apartment fills with food stores and 5-gallon water jugs. I obtain candles and flashlights, even some extra Mauser ammo coaxed out of the Boss. I brood here between sporting events. I wire more money to my overseas accounts, a tidy sum now, screaming for me to come join it. 
I must buy another ticket and stick to my plan—no turning aside, no being overwhelmed by Chocolay’s incredible sexuality. Just as I’m about to break my inertia and head to the train station, Chocolay shows up with her standard remark:
“Are we going?”
Of course I’m going. How could it be otherwise?
I hold back money to buy some better clothes, with the idea of taking Chocolay out somewhere on a day off. She’s always busy, busy. No time for anything, not even a brief lunch after a game; must rush off to meet various clients. She’s attracted a lot of attention from her sports pictures, she says, and all kinds of people want to commission her photographic services.
I’ve also purchased a few items to brighten my apartment—new bedding and pillows, among other things. My hopes for a repeat adventure refuse to die. You could say I’m of two minds—one here, the other overseas with my money.
Each playoff game follows a similar pattern. Chocolay shows up in a car, unusually driven by Marcus. He is cool, yet polite to me. I darkly suspect Chocolay is riding a lot more than just his vehicle.

She drops me off at my place after the last semi-final game. I foolishly expect some sort of statement, an acknowledgement of a ‘job well done,’ at least.
All she gives me is a terse, “See you for the final.”
Then she’s off in the car. With Marcus, of course.
We’re in the week’s hiatus before the final game. The teams rest while their injured players mend. A war of words erupts in the newspapers among the various pundits. I do not participate in the trash talk, observing my policy of strict nonalignment.
I’ve got to connect with Chocolay. I’ve got to get out of here.
Two: Revolt
8. Mayhem
The world unravels three days before the final playoff game. 
BOOM!
A massive explosion jerks me awake early morning as I’m dreaming of a tryst with Chocolay.
BOOM!
Another ear-puncturing blast shakes the building. A long crack splits the ceiling above my bed. Concrete particles rain on my face.
“Ugh!”
I tumble to the floor, choking on dust. When I’ve coughed up a sufficient amount, I grab the phone and call work. 
“Clarion offices…” a tremulous voice answers. 
The line goes dead. 
“Damn!”
Rat-tat-tat-a-tat-tat!
That’s not the machinegun bird, but a helicopter shooting at ground targets. Other choppers hover in the sky like death gods, firing guns and rockets. Small arms rattle on the street three stories below.
Desperate thoughts take over my mind. This is it, boy! You should have got the hell out when you had the chance.
One could deduce something major is occurring. Either an outside group is trying to seize control, or factions within the government are fighting it out. Or, maybe a foreign invasion is taking place. I rate this as a remote possibility. While we are not popular with the neighboring countries, there’s little incentive to invade. What’s in it for them besides a lot of headaches? 
Whatever the wider situation might be, my own circumstances are perilous. I peek out the window at men shooting at each other in the street. They all appear to be wearing our military uniforms—no obvious foreigners. It must be another coup attempt.
Fortunately, the walls are solid concrete and should be able to withstand small arms fire. What if somebody drops a bomb on the building, though? What if bullets come through the windows and ricochet around? I’d be slaughtered for sure. Heavy steel shutters would be nice to have. 
A lot of things would be nice to have, like another apartment in a different country, close to my bank accounts. If I was acrobatic enough, I’d kick myself in the ass for staying in this terrible place.
A new chorus of gunfire erupts in the street, along with smaller explosions. People are tossing hand grenades. I don’t dare stay at the window very long to observe events, and it would be suicide to venture out. I hunker down as best I can and wait to see what develops…

During a lull in the mayhem later that morning, a knock comes at my door. I grip the Mauser hard. “Who’s there?”
“It’s me, Tomasio. Please let me in.”
Chocolay! 
I practically fall over myself dashing across the room. I drag away heavy water jugs barricading the entrance and fling the door open. Chocolay is standing outside with Hero. 
She looks scared, vulnerable. There’s a nick on her face, and her clothes are disheveled. I want to fold her in my arms and tell her she’s safe now, but the glowering presence of Marcus beside her dissuades me. He turns and clatters down the stairs.
“They hit my place,” Chocolay says. “Can I stay with you?”
“Yes, of course. Come in.” 
She enters. Marcus returns, lugging a suitcase and a large bag of dog food. He dumps them unceremoniously in the hall. With a final, venomous scowl at me, he departs. 
Good riddance, pal.
I bring the items inside. Chocolay has advanced to the center of my apartment, gazing about in wonder. She seems disoriented, in some sort of post-traumatic state. Hero dutifully takes his guard post in the hall. 
“You be a good boy,” I tell him.
The brute responds with his usual friendly enthusiasm. I lock the door. 
Chocolay emerges from her daze. “What a nightmare… it’s so exciting, too!”
Exciting? I’d rather be getting a root canal. “Do you know what’s going on? I tried calling the office, but the phone’s out.”
Chocolay shakes her head. “I could make some educated guesses.”
If it were anyone else, I’d want to hear these “educated guesses.” When Chocolay is around, though, she’s the only item of interest. I feel a burst of something like gratitude for the dire situation. It has brought her to me.
She flops onto my bed and gazes at the cracked ceiling. “Damn, I’m exhausted.” 
“Are you hungry? Would you like some water?”
“No, thanks.”
“How about that cut on your face?” 
Chocolay waves an elegant hand. “It’s just a little beauty mark.”
BOOM!
She curls into a ball as concrete dust clouds the air. I wrap protective arms around her body.
“They’ve been hitting that same area all morning,” I say. “They haven’t bombed any closer.”
Chocolay relaxes a bit in my arms. “You should see my building, Tomasio. Airplanes blew off the top floors.”
“Well… I don’t think they’ll do that here,” I say, though I’m far from certain.
A heavy machine gun opens up somewhere, followed by bursts of rifle fire. The lunch break is apparently over.
“Are you scared?” Chocolay asks.
“Well, yeah, who wouldn’t be?”
“I’m scared, too… but isn’t it wonderful?”
She springs, ripping off my clothes. Explosions erupt inside my apartment, too.

9. Chocolay World
Time passes. I can’t say exactly how long—two, three days? Chaos reigns on the streets. Chocolay’s rampant sexuality controls the rest of my world.
We satisfy our lusts everywhere—on my bed, on the floor, in the shower. Or rather, my lusts are already satisfied; Chocolay’s are unquenchable. Whenever the violence outside is hottest, she’s at her peak. The situation becomes terrifying. Just when I’m finally grabbing some rest and getting my bearings back, Chocolay says something like:
“Let’s do a triple play.”
Oral, vaginal, then anal penetration, all in one marathon session. I’m already rubbed raw, though how can I refuse? Her luggage contains a long vibrating device which… well, enough about that.
Electricity is out, along with the phone. We still have water, though, and gas for the stove and hot water tank. The radio broadcasts only static or filler music, so I decide to save the batteries for more practical use.
Thank God for hot water! Chocolay enjoys long, luxurious baths. Despite the chaos, she remembered to pack her bubble powder. These baths provide my only sure respite from stud duty. When she finally comes out of the tub, all soft and sweet-smelling, my lust meter jumps back into the red zone.
We have candles, but choose not to burn them at night, to avoid attracting attention. Besides, Chocolay has other uses for them.  Gunfire flashes intermittently around the neighborhood. An occasional explosion throws grotesque light patterns around the apartment.  
* * *
One day, when the sky is clear of aircraft and the shooting has tapered off, we venture onto the roof. We bring Hero along so he can exercise. I have a vision of him running straight off into empty space—no such luck. 
Chocolay sprawls prone near the roof edge and gazes through her camera’s telephoto lens. Ours is the tallest building in the area, which gives us a good view. 
“Isn’t it dangerous to be taking pictures?” I ask.
“Oh, I haven’t any film. I was about to buy some when this whole thing started.”
She scans the stricken town with the telephoto. Even my unaided eyes can see great damage—blasted buildings, downed power lines, wrecked buses and automobiles. Piles of debris are everywhere, some festooned with corpses. A crashed helicopter and some burnt-out military trucks enhance the ambiance. 
A small group of men scurries between strong points. They are oddly dressed in dark, flowing outfits, like wraiths drifting amid the rubble. Too far away to see distinctly; maybe my eyes are playing tricks. All sorts of creepy illusions can arise in circumstances like these. A banner flutters from a flagpole on a distant building.
“What’s that flag over there?” 
Chocolay trains her camera on it. “Ah, it’s what I thought.” 
She says nothing more. I’ve learned not to press for information; she’ll volunteer it if she has a mind. In Chocolay world, her whims rule supreme.
The vista below absorbs her full attention. It’s a relief not to be the target of those intense eyes, to be fully clothed and with my “pleasure stick,” as Chocolay calls it, safely tucked away. Her body spreads along the roof in a fantastical pleasure-scape, every rise and dip an invitation to ecstasy. In a physical sense, she holds no further mysteries; otherwise, I know practically nothing.
She’s solid and ‘in the flesh.’ Yet, there is something insubstantial about her, as if a puff of wind could disperse her over the wrecked town. There’s little by way of personal connection between us; the mad sex doesn’t allow it. A deeper relationship could develop from here, couldn’t it? Things cool down after a while… right?
“Where are you from, Chocolay? I mean, originally.” As always, her name rolls from my tongue like sweet candy. 
She doesn’t take her eye from the camera viewer. “Oh, here and there. What about you?”
“I’ve always lived in the capital, born and raised here.”
“Uh huh.”
“So… what about your family? You mentioned you were an only child.”
“It’s boring talking about myself,” Chocolay says, still not taking her eye from the camera. “I know everything already.”
“I’d like to know more.”
She lowers the camera and turns my direction. Amusement attends her perfect features. Her hand shoots out and grabs my crotch hard.
“Ow!”
“I think you know quite a bit already, Tomasio.”
She releases the pressure, I struggle up from an ocean of exquisite pain.
“Let’s go back,” she says. “I’m up for a triple play.”

10. Educated Guesses
Hours later, when the triple finally plays out, we lay together amid rumpled sheets—the recently purchased ones. All seems well, despite the occasional crackle of gunfire outside. 
Chocolay rests her head on my chest; her gentle respiration caresses my skin. I fantasize we are a true couple, reposing on a cloud of devoted love. She begins talking, and reality enters our perfect little world.
“It’s General Benque,” she says.
“The defense minister?”
Chocolay nods. The motion against my chest sends a fresh wave of arousal through my exhausted frame.
“That was his personal banner on the flagpole.” She pats my erect, much abused, member. “Looks like you’re sporting your own flagpole, Tomasio.”
Another coupling would be unendurable at this time, so I try to change the subject. “Benque’s behind the coup, then?”
“Seems like it. The thing with his daughter must have pushed him to act.”
“What happened to her?”
Chocolay stirs out of my embrace. “That’s quite a story. I need a cigarette before I can tell it.”
She rises from the bed and moves across the room to her suitcase. I feel suddenly cold and abandoned, though she’s only a few yards off.
“I didn’t know you smoked,” I say. 
“Only once in a while, when I’m in the mood.”
“I put you in the mood?”
“You know that.” Chocolay flashes her amused little smile. “There’s something about you that gets me wet.” 
She withdraws a packet of cigarettes and a lighter from the suitcase. 
“You have wonderful stamina, Tomasio. I thought you said you weren’t the athletic type.”
My face reddens. I’m curiously embarrassed by the praise. “Well, I…”
Chocolay giggles—an astonishing, little-girl sound coming from this fantastic and sophisticated woman. “Most of the ‘athletic types’ I know would have burned out already.”
My stomach sours at this reference to her other lovers. Could I be such a fool as to imagine I’m the only stallion in her pasture? She lights two cigarettes and grabs a cracked saucer for an ashtray. 
“Here you go.”
She hands me a cigarette. I don’t smoke, but it doesn’t occur to me to refuse. We are propped up on pillows in a less intimate position. Burning cigarette tips enforce the gap between us.
“General Benque’s daughter was a rebellious air-head,” Chocolay says. “Nobody could talk sense to her, including me.”
She takes a deep drag on her cigarette, holds the smoke in, exhales. Ordinarily, I dislike tobacco smoke, but coming from her, it’s the finest incense wafting about.
“Lucinda would sneak off to party with gang bangers. She thought they were ‘cute’ and ‘fun.’”
“Right.” I recall my own encounter with these fun guys.
“The last time, things got badly out of control. Five of them raped her. She was so distraught she hanged herself, right in her own bedroom.”
“Damn!” 
“Then the general’s wife took poison. They revived her, but she’s severely brain damaged.”
“What did Benque do?” 
“It didn’t take him long to round up the culprits. Story is he had them skinned alive and thrown to starving dogs.”
I crush out my cigarette. The smoke is making me nauseous.
“Word has it the preserved skins are hanging in the general’s house,” Chocolay says.
“That’s some story. If Benque’s in charge now, what does that mean for us?”
Chocolay shrugs. “Don’t know. It’s going to be real hard on the gangs, though. The general is known as an unforgiving type.”
“That suits me fine. We could use a lot fewer of those bastards hanging around.”
I recall the feeling of power the gun provided when I aimed it at the thugs, the sense of infinite possibility it imparted. 
“Benque played a big part in the junta that took control last year,” Chocolay says. “He was the strongest advocate of the ‘clean up the corruption’ line.”
“Yeah, we know how that turned out.”
“He stuck to his guns. That’s why he got shunted off to the defense minister’s job while the other brass made deals with the crime syndicates.”
“Sounds like he’s having the last laugh now.” I gesture to the window where gunfire reports are coming in. “Not that any of this is funny.”
Chocolay puffs her cigarette. The intense, thoughtful expression on her face is driving me mad. “Didn’t I tell you things would become interesting?”
My mind reels back to when she first made that statement—before the tempestuous sex, before the coup. It seems like a century ago. 
I stroke her flawless ass. “Some things are more interesting than others.”
“Good answer, Tomasio.”
Chocolay jabs out her cigarette with a decisive motion, as if she is crushing a rejected suitor’s heart. “I need a bubble bath.”
She departs, leaving me with my roiling thoughts. Minus her presence, my bed is a frozen wasteland. I want to charge after her, dive into the bubbles and drown in her presence. 
A sane corner of my mind utters a warning. Hold on boy. You’re way past obsession.

11. Siege End
The gunfire tapers off and finally stops. Aircraft disappear from the sky. The dusty fighting men down in the street are replaced by neatly uniformed troops marching on patrol, rifles slung from their shoulders. Work parties clear away rubble.
Chocolay’s ardor cools with the spreading calm. We can talk about other things beside my “flagpole” which has replaced “pleasure stick” in her parlance.
“Do you think it’s safe to go outside?” she asks.
“Well… it looks better. Things seem to be getting back to normal.”
The electricity pops on, evidenced by the glowing table lamp.
“Oh, goody!” Chocolay exclaims. “I can recharge my vibrator.”

An hour later, we are cautiously picking our way through the street outside my apartment building. We keep our pistols hidden and have our gun permits handy, in case soldiers approach us. Hopefully, the permits are still good. Hero wears little boots. They look faintly ridiculous but do not lessen his intimidating demeanor.
“They protect against broken glass and stuff, even if they slow him down a little.” Chocolay explains. 
“That’s good to know.”
We restrict our promenade to the immediate neighborhood. A few locals have ventured out, too. Here and there a shopkeeper opens up, even if his premises are damaged. There’s a bit of life in the air, along with the charred scent of burnt-out buildings. Warm, pleasant weather tries to assert itself amid the ruins.
On one street corner, a half dozen shave-headed acolytes of the Glowing Path religious sect sway about in their wispy, pastel robes. They chant and bang drums, summoning peace to the wreckage.
“Glad to see they’re around,” I comment sarcastically.
Chocolay gives them a fleeting glance. “They don’t hurt anything.”
She’s not interested in them. Is it because they observe their vows of celibacy? A free-lance taxi, identifiable by its green license plate, pulls up across the street. A half dozen people jam inside. 
“Check this out.” Chocolay dashes toward the car, waving. “Oh, driver!”
The guy looks out his window at her, and his grim face bursts into a smile. I want to slug him.
“Yes, ma’am?” 
Chocolay rests her hands on the car roof and leans in on the driver. He melts under her glowing presence.
“Do you know where Marcus is?” 
The driver’s face turns grim again. “Yeah… he got caught in the crossfire a few days ago, not far from here. He’s dead, I’m afraid.”
“Ohhh.” Chocolay pushes herself from the car and stands upright. “Poor Marcus.”
A tear rolls down her face, and she brushes it away.
“Wish I had better news for you, ma’am.” 
Chocolay looks over he shoulder at me. For a moment, I glimpse a deeper person, someone with profound emotions and a capacity for love, pain, and grief. She soon regains control, however, as she has so often during our marathon sexual bouts, before she might say something genuinely affectionate.
She turns back to the driver. “I need a ride. How soon can you get back here?”
“A couple hours.”
“All right, whenever you can make it.” She points to my apartment building. “Pull up front and honk.”
“Will do, ma’am.”
The over-loaded car labors off, and Chocolay walks back to me. My keen disappointment must be apparent on my face.
“I have to get home to see if anything is salvageable,” she says. “There might be looters about.”
“You can stay here as long as you want.”
She gives me an appraising look, hands on her hips. “Mmm, better not. We’d probably fuck ourselves to death before long.” 
“Let me go with you. I can help if there are any low-lifes around.”
Chocolay takes my arm. “The vibrator ought to be recharged now. Let’s try it out.”

Some time later, we are sitting on the apartment building stoop, awaiting the taxi’s return. Chocolay’s suitcase rests on the sidewalk, neatly packed. The vibrator, batteries again discharged, lurks blessedly silent within. Hero is on maximum alert, eyes and ears scanning the street.
Chocolay is also watchful, clearly anxious to get going. I’m hoping for the street fighting to start again—anything to keep her here.
“There probably won’t be any sporting events for some time,” Chocolay says. “Looks like we’re both out of a job.”
“What about your other clients?”
“I don’t think anybody will be interested in portraits or fashion shots for a while.” 
“Yeah… I see your point.”
I also see the taxi approaching, and my heart sinks. Chocolay takes my hand in what seems a gesture of real affection. I’ve been starving for this through all the sexual antics.
“Thanks for helping me out, T.” She kisses my cheek. “You were a real life saver.” 
I feel a wild burst of love for her, but restrain my response. “It was nothing. I was glad to help.”
“I’ll try my best to return the favor.”
The taxi pulls up, and she’s gone.
12. Bleak Prospects
Phones are still out, so I flag a cab and motor across the damaged city to visit the Clarion office.
The building is pock marked with bullet holes, and plywood sheets cover many of the windows; otherwise, things aren’t too bad. Nobody got killed in the shooting, fortunately, though there were some injuries. The casualties include the Boss whose face sports a sizable bruise and some cuts obtained from flying debris.
“Feeling alright, Boss?” 
He gingerly touches the bruise. “It’s better than it was. We were all holed up here for the duration. Things got dicey.”
“I gathered that.”
“How’d you make out?” 
“Oh… I survived.”
I have my own injuries concealed under my clothes—bruises, bite marks, long scratches—and it will be a while before Flagpole returns to normal. 
Chocolay called it right; I’m out of a job. The Boss gives me the bad news straight. 
“I’m sorry, T.H., all sporting events have been canceled ‘until further notice.’ Even the amateurs are not being allowed to play.”
“I figured that. Is there something else I can do?”
The Boss gestures helplessly at the empty newsroom. “Sports and social trivia are the lifeblood of this paper, and both are at a standstill. We can’t publish much more than official government pronouncements.” 
He hands me a miserable 6-page tabloid. “Here’s our latest edition. Enjoy.”
I glance at it briefly. A photo of General Benque glowers from the front page. He’s decked out in his military uniform with a crowd of medals dangling from the jacket. He looks like a tough s.o.b., and there is a cruel cast to his eyes. I can well believe he’s “an unforgiving type.” 
The headline reads:
Gen. Albrecht Benque Restores Order in Capital
“We’re all going to have to tighten our belts,” the Boss says.
That would be something to see; the Boss has an ample girth.
“I couldn’t be happier with the work you and Miss Strick have done. As soon as things get back to normal, I want you both on the sports beat. You make quite a team.”
“Uh huh.”
What would the Boss say if he knew the full extent of our teamwork?
“Can you tell me more about Miss Strick?” I ask. “She’s pretty guarded about her background.”
The Boss shrugs. “I don’t know much myself. I hired her pretty fast, you know, wanted to head off your resignation.”
“What does her resume say?”
“Not much, it didn’t even have her correct name. I thought she was a man at first, but when I caught sight of her, I thought: ‘If anybody can keep T.H. on the payroll, she can.’”
Well, he figured that right.
“Miss Strick didn’t have much of a portfolio, and she didn’t mention any formal training,” the Boss continues. “It’s like she became a full-blown photographer overnight.”
A painful throb runs through Flagpole at the “full-blown” reference. 
“Thanks for your time, Boss. I’ll keep in touch.”
We shake hands, and I turn to leave.
“Hold on,” the Boss says. “Would you be interested in writing society stories, you know, gossipy stuff? Maybe there’ll be something available before sports crank up again.”
“God spare me from that!” I blurt reflexively, but soon reconsider my position. “However… if you need somebody to fill in for a while, please let me know.”
“Will do. Good luck.”
As I depart the building, the full extent of my predicament descends upon me. I’m nearly broke. Actually, I have lots of money, parked overseas where I can’t get at it. Wire transfers have been halted. I’m not sure I can afford even my rent payment this month. 
What to do? Even if the borders hadn’t been sealed off, I possess no funds to pay my way out. And there’s Chocolay…
I’d love to get in touch with her, except she’s not the type of woman you contact. If she wants to talk, she contacts you. I don’t even have her phone number, if she has a phone.
Bernard is waiting for me in his cab. He’s a crusty older guy. Since the Marcus fiasco, I’ve avoided riding with good-lucking young bucks.
“Where to?” he asks.
“Back to my place.”
We drive through the recovering town. Signs of vitality are everywhere—repair crews hard at work, reopened businesses, pedestrian and automobile traffic crowding the streets, kids playing in the parks. My inner gloom dims the optimism all around me.
Bernard is in a talkative mood. “This is exactly what we needed. Somebody in charge who knows how to kick butt and make our country work again.”
“Uh huh.”
“I’ve been driving cab a good many years, young man, and let me tell you it’s never been better.” 
“How’s that?”
“I can drive through neighborhoods that used to be no-go zones. I haven’t seen any of those tattooed freaks, either.”
This is interesting. Bernard soon loses the thread, though. He starts talking about his personal miseries—financial problems, nagging wife, etc. I turn my attention to the Clarion lead story:
Patriotic forces loyal to minister of defense General Albrecht Benque have secured the capital after three days of intense fighting during which counter-revolutionary elements sought to defy legitimately established authorities. Reactionary elements of the governing junta have been detained as have numerous criminal personalities. Residents of the capital are advised…
It’s all propagandistic claptrap, poorly written, too. The remaining pages present martial law decrees and interviews with citizens who are even more ecstatic than Bernard over the state of affairs. Photos accompany the text. They’re pretty good. I wonder if Chocolay took them.
The insert consists of advertisements, some of them rather ghoulish—funeral homes with “emergency special rates” and “express cremation service.” There’s other, more upbeat stuff, too, including an ad for luxury automobiles.
Bernard brakes to a stop. “We’re here.”
Yes, and where exactly is that? 
13. Restoration and Decline
Weeks pass. The world roars ahead around me, in direct proportion to my own decline. I pay the last rent I can afford and chew through my food reserves. Poverty stares me in the face. 
I find myself daydreaming about the funds squirreled away overseas. I’d be quite well off there; here I’m a pauper. My most ardent readers used to call me the “king of sports journalism.” I’d always downplayed this title; now, I sorely miss it. My identity has been ripped away. The king no longer has any clothes.
Since I can no longer afford taxis, I spend hours wandering the city on foot. I walk the area around East End Stadium which, until recently, had been so dangerous. The change in the neighborhood is astonishing. 
Reconstruction advances at a furious pace, eradicating the former slum. Many of the flimsy wooden building were burned down in the fighting. The rest are being bulldozed to make way for new construction—houses, apartments, storefronts, schools. 
The pot-holed streets are being widened and paved. New sidewalks are going in. The location where I shot the thug is now a children’s playground.
The legions of men who used to idle away their time drinking and gaming are now busy on the work crews, some doing double shifts. The whole area hums with activity. The really terrible jobs, like scooping out the old sewer ditches, are being done by tattooed former gang members under the rifle barrels of watchful troops.
The Mauser lies concealed within my shoulder bag, though I have no need of it. Street crime has vanished. The men on patrol regard me as a harmless, bourgeois type and do not ask me any questions. 
One youthful soldier recognizes me. A smile replaces the blank tedium on his face when I approach.
“You’re the sports guy, aren’t you?” 
“Used to be.”
He nods. “I liked reading your stories.”
“Thanks.”
I bask in the acknowledgement. For an instant, sunshine pokes into the bleak day. An irritated glance from the trooper’s sergeant cuts off further discussion. 
My wanderings take me out to East End Stadium. The place looks derelict. A  Closed sign hangs on the locked and chained entrance gate. The buildings around it are being razed. A large sign in a vacant lot proclaims:
Future site of East End Light Industrial Park
My heart sinks. I should be happy for the large numbers of people who will be employed here, yet all I can think about is my personal gravy train going off the rails. Once the surrounding neighborhood is demolished, the stadium itself could be next on the chopping block, and with it, my career. 
Farther afield, I come upon the old Cayo Cement Company plant. Cement used to be one of our exports until Cayo went belly up some years ago. Now it’s roaring back to life as construction crews repair and modernize the facility.
There’s a huge economic upsurge going on, and it’s surging right past me. Phone service has been restored, but I do not renew my connection. How could I pay the bill? My whole life has devolved into a big cost-cutting exercise. 
I’ve reached the end of my economic rope. There is simply no market for my services, no announcement that pro sports will be restarted. Clearly, the government doesn’t want large groups of people gathering to present security risks. Even the gossip stories the Boss mentioned have failed to materialize. 
The Clarion cannot be doing well, either. It’s still just a conduit for government propaganda. On my last visit, I was astonished to see the Boss had, indeed, tightened his belt. The weight loss becomes him. I’ve lost weight, too, but it hasn’t benefitted my looks any.
I decide to seek employment on the work crews. Me, who never did a day’s manual labor in his life, will sweat in the midday sun hauling rubble and patching roads. Better heeled people will zip past in their automobiles, grateful they’re not me.
Building construction seems a more lucrative choice, but I know nothing about such jobs. My lack of basic survival skills depresses me.

This morning, as I’m rousing myself to go out and make job inquiries, a telegram arrives. My flattened morale jumps into the stratosphere:
T! How’s my little friend FP doing? Meet me 1:30 Adolfo’s Café. Might have something for you. Will send car. – Chocolay
I leap into action. I’m scrubbed, shaved and dressed in my best clothes well before the car appears. Wouldn’t you know, Bernard is driving.
Three: The New Order
14. Favor Returned
Adolfo’s is the sort of upscale place I used to go occasionally in the old days when I had money. Now it seems impossibly lavish with its gleaming cleanliness, sparkling crystal, and menu full of delicacies. 
The lunch crowd has mostly cleared out by the time I get there. Chocolay awaits in a remote booth savoring a cocktail from a stemmed glass. She illuminates the whole corner. I drift across the room toward her beauty, scarcely aware of the surroundings any longer.
Her face brightens. “Tomasio!”
She extends a hand. I take its amazing softness and press it to my lips—an old-fashioned gesture that seems appropriate.
“My, aren’t you the gallant one?” Chocolay says.
I slide into the booth across from her. She is so radiant in her fashionable dress and elegant makeup that I can’t think of what to say. I hardly recognize her without her tight-fitting leather ensemble. 
She makes the first comment. “You’ve lost weight.”
“Yeah, I’m on the poverty diet.” 
“Maybe we can fatten you up a little today.” She raises her drink and gestures toward a similar cocktail resting on the table near me. “Here’s to old times.”
We touch glasses and drink. The alcohol hits my empty stomach hard. A waitress places salads before us. She’s an attractive girl in her black and white uniform, yet compared to Chocolay she is more like a magpie in the presence of a golden swan.
“I’m a bit pressed for time,” Chocolay says, “so I took the liberty of ordering for us.”
“Whatever you like. I’m yours to command.”
“Whoa, there. I seem to recall you were pretty good at commanding things on occasion.”
“Let’s head to my place and relive some ‘old times.’”
Chocolay smiles and lowers her eyes. Is that a bit of red on her cheeks? 
“I’d like nothing better,” she states, “but I’m working for General Benque now.”
Of course—the fine new clothes, the air of prosperity—Chocolay is a girl with big-league connections.
She sips her cocktail regretfully. “The general wouldn’t like me running off like that, and he has his ways of finding things out.”
“Are you and the general…”
Chocolay nearly gags on her drink.
“Heavens no!” She dabs a napkin to her mouth. “He’s a total prude, and he’s still mourning his wife. She finally died, you know.”
“Sorry to hear that.”
“The general insists those around him ‘behave to the highest moral standards.’”
I must look as crestfallen as I feel. Chocolay squeezes my hand under the table.
“Cheer up, Tomasio. If I can be celibate for a while, you can, too.”
“That’s reassuring.” 
She sighs. “Well… I’ve still got my vibrator.”
Yes, the vibrator. God spare me from that horrible thing. Silence falls across our table. Fortified by the alcohol, I break into it with my deepest feelings. 
“What about other things?”
“Other things?” Chocolay appears confused.
“You know—love, commitment, marriage even. Things the general would approve.”
Chocolay gets a sad, faraway look in her eyes. For a moment, I again glimpse a deeper person within. 
“Wouldn’t that be something?” she murmurs. 
Her mood shifts, and she’s all business again. “Not in the cards, Tomasio, at least not under current circumstances.”
We eat our salads quietly on either side of a light circle projected from a hanging lamp. An excellent main course arrives, and I begin to feel better, or at least less hungry. We’re into our second lamb chop when Chocolay deems it time to restart conversation.
“I take it you’re out of a job?” 
“You’ve got that right. What are you doing for the general, anyhow?”
“This and that,” Chocolay says, “a lot of photography. I’m visiting East End tomorrow to do a photo spread.”
“Yeah, our old stomping grounds. I went there recently.”
“What did you think?”
I wave the fork to emphasize my point. “I didn’t recognize the place. Where’d they get the funds for all that construction work?”
“That wasn’t hard. General Benque rounded up the big crime bosses and squeezed them. Those who cooperated and handed over their money got a quick bullet.”
“What about those who didn’t cooperate?”
Chocolay makes a dismissive gesture; her gold bracelets jingle. “Things went harder for them, I suppose.”
She returns to her lamb chop. Mine is quite rare; I would have never ordered it like this myself.
“How’d Benque pull things off so quick?” I ask. “Think of all the corruption and entrenched interests he had to fight.”
Chocolay shrugs. “As I said, the general has his ways.”
“He must be a very persuasive man.” 
“You could put it that way.”
Chocolay shoves her plate aside. The business part of this meeting seems about to begin. 
“Have you read the Clarion lately?” she asks.
I nod.
“What did you think?”
“To say the stuff is poorly written would be the height of praise.”
“Exactly,” Chocolay agrees. “How would you like to be the one writing the official communications?”
“Me?”
“Yes. The general was a fan of your sports writing. It didn’t take long to interest him in your services.”
I can’t reply. Of all the things I thought might transpire today, this is the absolute last.
“What do you think? The pay is quite good.” Chocolay lowers her voice. “Since wire transfers have been stopped, you’ll have to spend the money here—take your special lady out someplace nice.”
“I think I need another cocktail.”
Chocolay giggles her little-girl laugh. “Here, finish mine.”
She pushes her half-empty glass toward me. I drain it. The taste of her lipstick on the straw is exquisite. 
Chocolay picks up on my pleasure. “My, you seem to be entertaining naughty thoughts, Tomasio.” 
She withdraws an envelope from her handbag and sets it on the table.
“The general has agreed to meet you, 7:30 tomorrow evening at his residence. He’ll send a car.” She nudges the envelope my direction. “Here’s some prep money for new clothes and a haircut.”
“I-I don’t know what to say…”
“‘Thanks,’ is good enough.” 
My hands move across the table and grasp the envelope. “Thanks, Chocolay. I owe you a lot.”
“On the contrary, I’m merely returning a favor. You saved my ass during the fighting.”
“It was worth saving.”
She smiles, displaying prefect teeth. “Well put.” 
I want to reach across the table and embrace her. Chocolay’s expression changes from playful to concerned, and I discard the idea. 
“Don’t get upset by anything you see there, Tomasio.”
“Like what?”
She makes a vague gesture. “Just… things you might not expect.”
This tweaks my curiosity, but I know pumping her for information would be counterproductive.
“I’m sorry there isn’t time to have dessert together,” she says. “They’ve got the most marvelous cheesecake. I’ve ordered takeout for you and Bernard.”
I turn to see the taxi driver standing by our table. He’s holding two takeout containers.
“Ready to go, sir?” 
“Uh… yeah.”
I slide out from the booth. Chocolay regards me with a proper smile and offers her hand. I grasp it in parting, no kiss this time.


15. The Underside Emerges
The “prep money” Chocolay provided is generous, and Bernard’s continued services have been taken care of, as well. 
First stop, a high-end clothing store to buy a suit, shirts, and ties. I put in a rush order to have the alterations done and the clothing delivered by tomorrow afternoon.
“You’re sure this is the correct address?” the salesman asks dubiously.
“Yep.”
My apartment building must not fit the profile of their typical customer. It may as well have a flashing neon sign: 
LO-SER!  LO-SER!
Then off to buy shoes, a stylish leather shoulder bag, and finally a haircut, manicure, the works. Prosperity embraces me in loving arms. 
It’s getting late by the time we approach my neighborhood, half an hour before curfew. At a good pace, I can walk home in time. I need to stretch my legs and work off some tension. This has been an amazing, stressful day, and Chocolay is not available to help me burn off energy. Also, I want to break in my new shoes.
“Let me out here, please,” I say.
“Are you sure? This isn’t the best neighborhood to be strolling about late.”
“It’ll be alright. The scum has been washed down the gutter.”
Besides, the Mauser lurks within my new designer bag, like a cobra ready to strike. 
“Very well, sir.”
Bernard pulls over. I give him a large tip from my remaining funds and get out. 
“Don’t forget your cheesecake!” Bernard calls after me.
“You can have it. I’m allergic.”
This isn’t true, but the idea of consuming the dessert in my lonely apartment is unattractive. It would only remind me of Chocolay’s absence. 
“Thank you, sir.” Bernard executes a U turn and drives off toward the more savory parts of town. 
I don’t exactly regret my decision to walk these final blocks, but I’m not all that pleased, either. It’s getting dark fast, and the gloomy neighborhood is pressing in. I glance back at Bernard’s vehicle disappearing down the street. His red tail lights flick on, adding to my sense of abandonment.
Well, start moving. It’s not getting any earlier.
Long shadows spread along the street, metastasizing from every blackened doorway and alley.  My new shoes make loud and echoing noises, giving the impression that someone is following. 
Wish I had my backward glasses. 
Surprising how quiet a city can be when car traffic stops and sensible people have retired. All sorts of illusory noises can arise. I clutch my bag in the crook of my left arm and unzip it so the Mauser is more accessible. I’m walking faster now, unlike my usual relaxed pace.
A helicopter slashes by in the mid-distance. Instinctively, I hug the buildings along the sidewalk lest I be caught in a burst of machine gun fire. I quickly move back toward the curb. Who can say what ambush might be poised in those dark entryways? Besides, there has been no machine gunning for quite a while now.
A delivery van rumbles by going my direction, its stark whiteness a contrast to the gloom. What can it be hauling at this hour? It’s not likely they’re bringing my clothing order yet. Those guys must have special curfew passes, like taxi drivers do. I glance at my watch, twenty minutes left. I’m making good time. 
Trees overhang the sidewalk like gnarled sentinels from a forgotten age. Some sort of bird calls harshly in the branches. If the thing looks as bad as it sounds, I don’t want to see it. I turn right. Two more blocks to go, then a sharp left to my apartment building. I’ll actually be glad to reach the crappy place.
I near a vacant lot which once contained a commercial building. Only a section of wall remains since the fighting. The white lorry is idling at the curb in front of it. Men are hauling bundles out of the back and depositing them in the rubble, about a half dozen in all.
What the hell’s going on? 
The van drives off into the gathering murk. If I had any sense, I’d mind my own business, return to the corner and take an alternate route home. There’s still time for that. I’m curious, though. I shove my hand into the bag and grip the Mauser, caressing the trigger as if it’s Chocolay’s love button… 
As I near the vacant lot, I can see these aren’t inanimate bundles sprawled about. They’re the twisted wrecks of men.
Good God!
I’m being a fool, but I can’t restrain myself from moving closer… I can see the faces of those lying on the ground… bald, tattooed gangsters. Their moans fill the gathering darkness. I quicken my pace. 
A terrifying voice calls after me: “Hagridoon!”
Chills run through me at this beckoning from Hell. Violent shudders take over my body. 
“Hagridoon… please!” 
My light headedness clears a little. The voice contains such agony and despair that I cannot resist its call. One of the ruined figures is beckoning to me. 
I walk toward him on unsteady legs. It’s getting darker, and there are no street lights here. I shine my penlight on the face. I recognize the tattooed devil’s horns.
“You attacked me once,” I say.
A gurgling chuckle escapes the figure. “Didn’t know who you were… Boss was pissed… he’s one of your fans.”
“He did this to you?”
“No… it was them.”
“Who?”
“Out of the shrine. Things we fucked around with, they do for real.”
“What shrine?”
He motions me closer with a trembling hand. Despite myself, I drop to my haunches beside him. I can see the ruined face more clearly—the bashed in mouth and missing eye.
“I don’t know much,” he whispers. “See the blue-face man.” 
I recoil with horror. 
A look of cunning enters the single eye. “You still have that gun?”
“Yes.”
“Shoot me.”
I’m on my feet. “I-I can’t do that.”
“Please.”
“No… I…” I’m running down the sidewalk now. 
A final plea assaults my ears. “Hagridooooon!”
Other human wrecks take up the cry. “Please! Please! Shoot me!”
My mind is slipping away. Dark presences lurk in the alley across the street—watching, waiting. My sanity hurtles after me along the nightmare sidewalk, trying to catch up.
* * *
A horrific, sleepless night ensues. I leave the lights burning, but my apartment still seems pitch black. From this darkness leers the ruined face of the gangster begging me to end his torment. 
Clearly, I owe the guy nothing. Had I not been equipped to defend myself that day, he and his crew would have likely killed me. Yet… what tortures had he endured?
His plea for deliverance was the most terrifying, piteous thing I’ve ever heard. I fear it will always be ringing in my ears. What could I do? The Mauser has a terrific report; it would have alerted everybody. I don’t even know if my gun permit is legal any longer. Why should I endanger myself for somebody like that? 
How could I kill somebody in cold blood?
Still…
The new government boasts a “tough on crime” stance, and I have beheld the evidence. Who were those dark figures in the alleyway? Did I see them at all, or was it my overwrought imagination?
Who is the blue-face man?
Such thoughts squirm through my mind until dawn arrives with its machine gun bird rattling outside my window. I finally drift off and remain asleep until 1:30 pm when my clothing arrives.

16. The Presidential Palace
General Benque stretched out in his black leather reclining chair, sipping a fine Merlot. 
It had been a long, trying day filled with pressing responsibilities, and now it was time to relax. He nibbled cheese from a dish on the side table. It had a rich, smoky flavor that stood up well to the full-blooded wine.
Excellent!
All was excellent, particularly the entertainment. Benque smiled at the performance taking place on the other side of the glass wall, relished the audio effects streaming over the speaker. Julian had outdone himself arranging this; it was truly balm for a troubled soul. He turned and flipped the intercom call switch. The leather creaked under his bulk.
“Sir?” Julian’s voice came over the speaker.
“I want to commend you,” Benque said. “You’ve handled everything to the highest standard.”
“Thank you, sir, I’m only doing my job.”
“It’s much more than that. You’re a real life saver.”
“Yes, sir.”
Benque did not detect the faint note of irony in his assistant’s voice. 
“Will there be anything else before I leave?” Julian asked.
“That’s all for now, thank you.”
Benque switched off the intercom and returned to the entertainment program. A note of regret entered this thoughts.
That writer fellow should be here soon. Ah, well, a leader’s work is never done. 
* * *
The official car arrives before 7:00 p.m. It’s long and black, like a hearse, and sports deeply tinted windows I cannot see through. The vehicle idles at the curb, its engine so quiet it seems dead. I approach cautiously wearing my stylish new suit and tie. 
Do I really want to do this? 
Nobody opens the door for me. After a bit of hesitation, I open it myself and slip into the back seat. Beyond the clear, plexi-glass partition, sits a pale, thin-necked man in a chauffeur’s cap. I imagine he’s bald but can’t be sure. He wears darkened glasses.
“My name is Julian,” a cold, emotionless voice says over the speaker unit. “I am President Benque’s personal assistant.”
“Nice to meet you.”
There’s no indication Julian has heard me. And did I really “meet” the guy at all? He didn’t even look back, and the disembodied speaker voice could be coming from the moon. The rearview mirror is angled such a way that I cannot tell if he’s staring at me or not.
He motors toward the government district. The car glides along, smoothing out any bumps in the road. I try to relax into the thick leather seat but am not doing very well. Tension vibrates through me as I try to assess the situation.
If the man in front is really Benque’s “personal assistant,” why is he driving a car? Wouldn’t that be a job for somebody farther down the pecking order? 
Is the regular driver indisposed and Julian pressed into service at the last moment, or am I such a big shot that somebody of higher rank has been sent to fetch me? I rather like the big-shot angle, though frankly, I’m pretty far down the pecking order myself. 
It’s a mystery that can’t help ratchet up my unease. Something about the driver scares me. Cold seems to emanate from him. I wouldn’t be surprised to detect frost on the partition.
“How do you feel about our revolution, Mr. Hagridoon?”
The abrupt question takes me off guard. “Please, call me T.H.,” I say, playing for time. “Everybody else does.”
“Very well, T.H.,” the disembodied voice replies. “Could you answer my question?”
I grope for an acceptable reply, something with the proper nuance. 
Dammit, I’m a sports reporter, not a diplomat! 
Should I give an inappropriate response, I have the unsettling thought I’ll be shot with a small pistol concealed within the driver’s jacket. 
A metaphor flutters into my mind. “The revolution is long overdue, like rain on a parched field.”
Julian doesn’t reply, nor does he withdraw a pistol, thank God. He hasn’t moved at all since I got in. He’s more like a department store dummy than a man.
“Would you object if this ‘parched field,’ as you call it, is being watered with blood along with the rain?” he asks.
“Whatever it takes to bring forth the harvest.” 
Did I really say that? 
I don’t know if Julian is satisfied with these answers or not. The man has all the responsiveness of a mummy. At least I’ve figured out why he’s the chauffeur tonight—he was sent to give me a preliminary grilling.
We drive quietly for some time until the edifices of government power appear alongside the vehicle, looming mausoleum-like out of the gathering dusk. No streetlight is on yet to dispel the impression. I would not care to be out walking among them.
I’d been to this area during a school field trip and recognize various structures. The high court, treasury building, and military HQ pass by—all of them constructed in ponderous classical style. Ahead, the presidential palace sprawls across the street from the long-disused parliament building. 
The palace is a more “modern” structure of glass, marble, and sharp angles—three stories high and spread over a full block. A former dictator, who promised to “bring our nation into the future,” had constructed it. Well, the future isn’t what it was. Much of the palace has fallen into disrepair, in keeping with the decline of our country. 
General Benque is the first leader to reside there in a while. The propaganda reports claim he’ll renovate it into “the people’s house,” but no construction activity is evident. The place is dark, except for a few dim lights on the topmost story.
Julian becomes talkative again. “The General is a man of direct action. Some might consider him too direct. I trust you are not in that camp?”
This spooky conversation is taking a toll on my nerves. I abandon the poetic approach. “I had to take some ‘direct action’ myself a while ago. Perhaps you heard of it? One of the gang thugs lost a piece of his foot.”
Julian nods. At last, some animation! “Yes, we are aware of that incident.” No hint of approval or disapproval, just the impassive voice grinding through the speaker. 
We reach the presidential palace. Julian stops before the steel-shuttered parking garage entrance and lowers his window. A guard verifies his ID, then glances at me in the back seat. His face could have been carved from oak. He motions to another sentry. 
The steel barrier grates open revealing a dark orifice, like the entrance to Hades. We make the descent…
Julian parks in the recess by the elevator and gets out. He tosses the chauffeur’s cap onto the seat with a disdainful gesture. I was right, he’s totally bald—also lean, somewhat wizened, and quite tall. Or maybe his gaunt physiognomy makes him look taller than he really is. Impossible to say how old he might be. His looks at me through his shaded glasses. I can’t see his eyes clearly and don’t want to.
Since he makes no move to open my door, I perform the service myself. So much for the big-shot treatment. I straighten my clothes and check for lint specks. The big presidential limo is parked in the gloomy reaches of the garage, the seal of the republic painted on its flanks and hood. 
Well, you’ve finally arrived, T. 
I expect to enter the elevator and am not thrilled at the prospect of being closely confined with Julian. The personal assistant leads me toward a dim corridor, instead. I follow with a certain degree of trepidation.
“As I mentioned earlier, the General is a man of direct action,” Julian comments over his shoulder. “You appear to be the sensitive type, so I caution you—try not to be upset by anything you see.”
A shudder runs through me. I hope Julian didn’t notice. He’d used the same terminology Chocolay had.
“If you are upset, do not make any objections,” Julian says. “And, by all means, tell no one on the outside about anything you witness here.”
The threat is clear enough, even without the ominous tone of voice. I’m beginning to wonder if I’ll ever be “on the outside” again.
“Is that clear?” he demands.
“Yes.” 

17. Meeting with the General
The floor rises gently under our feet as we trudge along. The passage is about eight feet wide and high, more of a tunnel than a corridor. I’m feeling distinctly hemmed in. 
Julian leads at a moderate pace. Carpeting muffles the noise of his high-topped military boots. My new shoes are likewise silenced.
Various memorabilia cover the walls—citations, newspaper front pages, photos of General Benque conversing with big shots. Medals encased in glass festoon the right-hand wall. They divert my attention from the items hanging on the left. When I turn my head, I get the full view. 
“Ugh!” 
Five human skins adorned with tattoos hang in obscene exhibition. The entire body covering is splayed out. Above each one, a face peers through blank eye sockets. The blood drains from my own face, threatening a swoon. I stumble back against the opposite wall. 
Julian pauses. “You find this objectionable, T.H.?”
I can’t reply.
“Well?”
“... it’s something of a shock.”
A violent coughing fit assails me. I lower my head to get some blood back into my brain.
“These are hides from the animals that attacked General Benque’s daughter,” Julian explains, once I’ve regained some control. “His vengeance was quite emphatic.”
“So it would seem,” I manage to say before another bout of coughing takes over.
Julian offers an ironic smile and motions down the hall. “Come, T.H., we’re almost there.”
He leads the way to a metal door with a tiny shuttered window in it. The barrier looks strong enough to withstand a cannon shot. I follow uncertainly, resisting a backward glance. I have the eerie sensation the hides have dismounted the wall and are creeping up behind me.
Julian presses a button beside the door.
A voice comes over a hidden speaker. “Yes?” 
“We have arrived, sir.” 
A sharp buzz! makes me jump. Julian casts another wry smile my direction and pushes on the door. It hisses open.
“After you, T.H.”
I enter a small, sparsely furnished chamber. General Benque is seated in a black, leather reclining chair which occupies the center room like a throne. He looks toward me and hoists a stemmed glass.
“Good evening, Mr. Hagridoon. Won’t you join me for a drink of wine?”
“Mr. Hagridoon prefers to go by his initials, T.H.” Julian says.
“Of course. Welcome, T.H.”
I can no longer pay the general any attention, as my mind is being assaulted by a panorama of horror. A whole wall of the room is transparent. On the other side, a man dangles by the neck from a piano wire noose. His face bulges purple, and his tongue distends. Strangled groans issue from a speaker.
Then I’m seated upon a little couch, my head buried in my hands. I don’t know how I got there. 
“T.H. is the sensitive type,” Julian remarks from a great distance.
“Let’s postpone the entertainment, shall we?” Benque says.
“Yes, sir.”
Julian exits the room, the door hissing shut behind him. An electric motor hums, and a black curtain slithers across the glass wall, concealing the horrors beyond. The speaker goes silent. I struggle to control my breathing.
“That… gentleman on the far side of the wall raped and murdered three young children,” Benque says. “He’s being provided ample time to contemplate his sins.”
“Could I please have that wine now?” I croak.
“Of course.”
The general retracts the footrest of his recliner with an authoritative clunk! and stands up. He moves to a small table laden with bottles and glasses. Benque is a powerfully built man of medium height who moves with barely constrained force. He seems on the verge of exploding. I wish to stand also, to show respect, but cannot get my footing. 
The general hands me a large glass, amply filled. He’s wearing his military uniform, unbuttoned at the collar. Looming above this collar is a hard, implacable face and grayed temples. The blue eyes are flat, unreadable. A revolver hangs from his belt.
“This should settle your nerves, young man.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Benque resumes his chair, letting out a long sigh. “I used to observe the punishments directly. You’ve no idea how bad they can stink in these circumstances, though—messing themselves and all that. So, I had this room set up.”
I sip my wine, unable to reply.
“When these low-lifes first come in, they act very tough,” the general says. “A period of breaking always brings them around.”
“B-breaking?”
“Isolation, starvation, beatings—nobody is stronger than that. Following this softening up process, they meet their maker.” Benque jerks a thumb at his chest, a vicious gleam enters his eyes. “After they first meet their un-maker.”
I drink more wine.
“Feeling better, T.H.?”
“Yes, sir.”
A period of silence follows, during which my spinning head stabilizes a bit under the wine’s influence. General Benque resumes speaking.
“I wanted to show you the ‘underside’ of our revolution up front. That way, you will have no illusions going forward.” 
A violent tick distorts his left eye when he says this, giving his face an even more intimidating aspect.
“Oh… I have no illusions, sir.”
Benque nods. “We operate on a strictly ‘us and them’ basis. It’s important to know which side you’re on.”
I can only stare. My tongue seems paralyzed.
“Us, the decent, law abiding people. Them…” Benque gestures disdainfully at the black curtain.
My tongue comes back to life. “I understand, sir—crime and punishment.”
“And you approve?”
I nod. What else can I do?
“Good.” Benque hoists his wine glass. “A toast, to our great revolution.”
My own glass raises up. “The revolution.” 
I’m too addled to know what the hell I’m doing. The only certainty is that expressing disagreement would be folly. Getting on the general’s “them” side would have severe consequences. I feel threatened, vulnerable, and scared. The whole situation seems rather insane.
Things settle down after a few more swigs of wine. The general relaxes into his chair and becomes more informal. His facial tick abates.
“Your sports writing is exceptional, T.H. I’ve enjoyed reading it for some time, and you were highly recommended by Miss Strick. You two had a good working relationship?”
“Yes, sir.” I choose not to elaborate how “good” it was.
“Then you would not object to working with her again on various projects?”
“I’d be happy to. She’s a great photographer.”
This seems to please him. It pleases me a lot, as well. I’ll be hooking up with Chocolay again!
The general continues in his relaxed tone, outlining what is expected from me as the chief propaganda writer. I’m to present the government case in “an articulate, though down-to-earth” style. Get rid of the “amateurish drivel” which has been presented so far. “Write to inspire the masses.”
It’s all quite motivating. The general can display remarkable warmth and empathy, putting me at ease so that I forget the ghastly spectacle beyond the curtain. Benque almost seems an avuncular professor who is directing me down the correct life path. During this collegial discussion, thoughts of Chocolay pulse through my brain. I agree to accept the job amid a surge of enthusiasm.
The general turns serious and offers a final caveat. “I’m showing you these things tonight because I think you need to know. Other things you do not need to know.”
“I quite understand, sir.”
It isn’t difficult to see where Julian learned the art of ominous emphasis. Julian himself hisses through the door to get me. I depart the room amid expressions of gratitude and loyalty to the general.
Julian is quiet during our stroll down the hall. I keep my eyes fixed to the floor as we pass the trophy skins. We enter the parking garage where a real chauffeur awaits in the long, black automobile.
“You are expected at the personnel office for processing, 9 o’clock tomorrow morning,” Julian says. “The car will come for you.”
There’s a subtle change in his tone. He no longer seems to regard me as a ‘pain in the ass’ assignment but as something more substantial. A rival, perhaps?
“Thank you, for everything.” I enter the car and blessedly exit the catacomb.
* * *
Alone now in his basement lair, General Benque was assailed by monstrous recollections. In his mind, he beheld his precious, foolish Lucinda—lost mother of the grandchildren he would never have. Only it wasn’t her beautiful face he saw but the horribly distorted one of her corpse dangling from a rope in her bedroom. 
“Ohhh.” Sharp pain split his head.
He pictured once again the face of his departed wife, Althea. It was the ruined countenance of a severely brain-damaged woman leering up from a hospital pillow on the day when he, himself, ordered the lethal injection that ended her torment…
Julian’s voice crackled over the speaker. “Everything is ready, sir.” 
“Th-thank you, Julian.”
General Benque pressed a remote control button, and the black curtain slid along its rail. The interrupted execution resumed. Instantly, the faces of his loved ones disappeared, replaced by the gruesome visage of the rapist. 
Benque’s face contorted into a lurid grin. Suffer, you pig!
18. Settling in
So, I can add the human leather gallery and the strangling man to my cache of traumatic memories—along with the shot-up dog and the mutilated gang members begging for death. It’s an embarrassment of riches, in a perverse kind of way. I have quite a repertoire from which to select nightmare material.
Now that I’m away from General Benque’s overwhelming presence, the ardor for my new position cools. Do I really want to be associated with such a vengeful, deadly person? And that Julian creep! 
What’s the alternative, go sling a shovel on a work gang? Besides, I’ve already accepted the job, and trying to back out now would be poorly received. General Benque does not seem the type who takes disappointments well.
Not to say he doesn’t have many good aspects. The streets are safe, the criminals are reined in, and people are getting back to work. Of course, he’s had to use harsh methods to achieve these ends. What effective leader doesn’t? I’m not one of those slugs who enjoys eating the omelet while condemning those who cracked the eggs to make it. 
Or something like that.
Benque’s ghoulish taste in entertainment is worrying. How would I react if criminals had destroyed my family? I’ll never forget the pleasure of shooting that gang banger who threatened me. It only makes sense the general wants to experience similar joy for his far greater injuries. 
Chocolay is the real reason I’m on board. Without the “communications specialist” job, I’m a bum unworthy of her notice. And how would she feel if I refused the position she recommended me for? Maybe the fireworks will restart with her, and a real relationship will bloom. 
My visit to the personnel office begins on a sour note. I trip on the stairs of my apartment building and nearly tumble down the last flight. My ankle hurts as I limp toward the long, black car parked at the curb. The chauffeur opens the door for me and tips his cap. It’s a different guy from last night, very formal and polite.
“Good morning, sir.”
“Good morning.”
I slide onto the back seat and luxuriate amid the leather, spreading my sore leg out. I could get used to this, minus the twisted ankle part.
After the paperwork rigmarole at the personnel office, I’m measured for an official uniform, issued special police passes, and given an advance on my first month’s salary. An automatic pistol is assigned to me for personal protection. The weapon is leading edge and comes with a noise suppressor. It’s worlds away from my clumsy, roaring Mauser “relic.” 
I spend an hour in the basement gun range with an instructor practicing with my new weapon. For the grand finale, I rapid-fire half a clip. I take off the protective earmuffs and rearrange my hair. 
My instructor reels in the perforated target. “Nice tight grouping. You’re getting the hang of it.”
“Thanks.”
The instructor is a fairly young guy with an air of competence. 
“Care to try the noise suppressor?” he asks.
I consult my watch, as if I have someplace important to go. It’s a cheap old thing and needs to be replaced. 
“There’s time.” I pick up the earmuffs. 
“You won’t need those anymore.” 
“Good. They don’t complement my hairstyle.”
The instructor smiles slightly. I attach the suppressor and fire off the rest of the magazine. The gun is much quieter now. I hope I can keep the Mauser, too. Me and the Schnellfeuer are old pals, and I’d hate to break up the team. 
On my way back, I stop at the telephone office to reactivate my number. Prosperity is entering my life, one item at a time.
After I get home, a courier drops off a bulky envelope containing pictures taken in the East End Stadium vicinity, along with some notes. A memo from Chocolay reads:
T — Congrats on the new job!
Please work these notes into a hard-hitting article of approx. 1,300 words. Include as many of the quotations from area residents as possible. If you need more quotes, feel free to make them up.
The courier will come for your article tomorrow a.m. Our first project together is Monday morning at the NDRC. Will pick you up.
— C 
What the hell is the NDRC? Guess I’ll find out Monday.
It takes me a while to finish the article. The story line is clear enough: The derelict East End neighborhood is being redeveloped, and its residents are ecstatic. The construction part is accurate, as verified by my own observations, and Chocolay’s pictures show how far things have advanced. 
It’s the ecstatic resident part that bothers me. How do I know what they’re feeling? Will they actually benefit from the new developments, or will they be moved out of the area to make way for a better-heeled constituency?
The quotes express joyful acceptance, and if they aren’t convincing enough, I can always make up new ones. This doesn’t sit well with me. I’m used to reporting football matches. Such events have the ring of objective truth. If the games seem rigged, the fans riot until the competition becomes honest.
This “hard-hitting article” has no reality check. It’s fundamentally a piece of fiction. I work on it until late, consuming numerous cups of coffee. The finished product is cheerful and upbeat. How factual is it, though? I could have gone to the East End myself to conduct interviews, but that’s not my job. 
I’m working for President Benque now and conveying his message. That, along with the fat paychecks, should be enough to soothe my conscience. Hopefully.
19. Old Haunts
Redevelopment of the formerly derelict East End Stadium neighborhood is well under way. Area residents are delighted. — Tomasio Hagridoon
The courier picks up my article early morning. A whole Saturday sprawls ahead with clothes shopping as the first order of business. 
I have no idea when my uniform will be ready, or on what occasions it’s supposed to be worn. For certain, my shabby old wardrobe does not fit my station, and I’m going to need some nice civilian outfits. I phone for a cab and hunker down to wait. My government priority code would prompt faster service, but jumping the line doesn’t seem sporting, somehow.
The cab arrives. As I’m leaving my apartment, I snatch the carbon copy of my article off the desk and stuff it into my shoulder bag. It shares space with my guns and ammo. Such things should not be left unattended.
A couple of pleasant hours pass at the upscale stores where I shopped earlier. The same people take care of me, and I catch a glimpse of the delivery man. He looks surprised. He must wonder if I’m still living at the same dump. Yes, for a while yet. One can only climb the social ladder so much in one day. 
An unhurried lunch follows and a stroll through the bustling downtown with its fashionable crowd. I’m starting to feel more comfortable among folks like these. Next, I head to the Clarion. 
Some of the plywood has been switched out for new window glass; otherwise, the place is pretty much the same as when I last saw it. The Boss’s office still looks like a cheap bookie joint. He’s glad to see me. 
“Hello T.H.! Or should I say, ‘Mr. Hagridoon?’ I hear you’ve come up on the world.”
He looks better. All traces of his injuries are gone, and he’s managed to keep the weight off.
“T.H. is fine. God spare me from ever being called Mr. Hagridoon.”
We both laugh. 
“What can I do for you?”
“Oh, just wanted to check in. How are things going, Boss?”
“Let’s figure out a new title for me. Does Editor sound all right?”
“Sure. How are things going, Editor?”
“Well…” He gives a rueful smile and gestures to the largely empty newsroom beyond his office window. “We aren’t dead yet.”
“Glad to hear it.” 
“We’re doing a little better, actually. Sporting events haven’t resumed, but society stories are coming back. People can be deprived of gossip for only so long, you know.”
I nod. “Maybe I can help you out.”
“Oh?” He leans forward in his chair and steeples his fingers. His face wears the intense expression it often showed back when he was the Boss.
“We’ll be writing human interest type stories for general release,” I say. “I could make sure you get the best ones first. Also, we’re going to need a lot of printing done. You could obtain a contract if you’ve got extra capacity.”
The Editor throws up his hands. “We’ve got nothing but extra capacity. Thanks, T.H.”
“Don’t mention it, Bo… Editor. You were always good to me, and I don’t forget my friends.” I segue the conversation out of its awkward ‘thank-you’ mode. “Here’s the sort of stuff we’re doing.”
I reach into my shoulder bag for the carbon copy. It’s stuck under my new automatic and comes out a bit crumpled. “The article includes a photographic spread by Miss Strick.”
The Editor peruses the story. He’s an amazingly fast reader. For a moment, his eyes narrow with that hint of disapproval I’ve seen often before. Then his face broadens into a smile. He hands back the papers.
“Excellent writing, as always. You haven’t lost your touch.”
I return the sheets to my armory. “Well, better get going. I’ll let you know next week about the printing.”
“Thanks so much, T.H. Oh, before I forget.” The Editor withdraws an envelop from his long drawer and hands it to me. “Registration papers for the Mauser. It’s yours, free and clear.”
I leave the office in an upbeat mood. Best not to burn bridges to those who benefitted you. I’m glad to help the Clarion, and the Editor reciprocated with the Mauser. Such actions develop friendships. I’ve got a feeling I’m going to need friends going forward. 
Also, he detected the underlying falsehood in my story. Such perceptiveness can help keep me grounded.
I spend time in a movie theater watching a brainless romantic comedy. The fare includes a propaganda newsreel about General Benque. It’s pretty bad. The General looks awkward, but no less powerful than when I saw him in his lair. I wonder if I’ll have any input on rubbish like this or if my new job involves strictly print media.
A solitary dinner at Adolfo’s comes next. My eyes wander to the corner booth where I lunched with Chocolay. It’s empty now. After sending off the bill, I slip into a restroom and buckle on my new automatic. The holster is top quality leather with double stitching. Chocolay would approve.
The weapon makes a small bulge under my jacket. The shoulder bag covers it well. I’m tired of lugging the bag around with my entire stock of guns and ammunition. I need safe storage, but my apartment isn’t it. The only reason my place hasn’t been broken into is because it contains nothing worth stealing.
I hail a taxi out front. There is no lack of them in this upscale neighborhood. As I ride through the gathering dusk, the reason for my long dalliance downtown becomes apparent. I’ve been stalling so as to arrive on the ‘Street of Woe’ after dark. I want to check out the vacant lot where the stricken gang members were dumped. 
I’m being an idiot and know it; I’ve always been too curious. This has led me to a career in journalism, hasn’t it?
“Let me out here, please.”
“Are you sure?” the driver objects. “Curfew’s coming soon.”
“It’ll be fine.”
“Whatever you say, sir.” 
I get out several blocks from my apartment and begin walking. A claustrophobic sense of déjà vu descends upon me. Again I feel ill at ease with the creeping shadows and my echoing steps amid the unnatural silence. Even that horrible bird is quiet tonight. The whole area is deserted. It’s always deserted, even in daytime. This part of the city exists apart from life.
Well, this was a great idea.
Before long, I’m near the vacant lot. Tall, shadowy figures are carrying off bundles heaved over their shoulders. I can’t see them clearly—it’s like I’m observing through water, staring up from a murky pond bottom. 
One of the figures approaches. He wears a hooded garment which conceals his face. Otherwise, it could be Julian standing before me. I back off. My hand reaches inside my jacket for the gun. I think better of it and withdraw my pass from the inside pocket. 
“H-here’s my curfew pass.” I hold it up.
The man, if that’s what he is, stares at it briefly. Am I going crazy, or does he actually sniff at it? 
Is he sniffing me? 
He makes an impatient gesture for me to keep walking. I don’t need to be told twice.
Four: Official Propagandist
20. Across the Bay
Free, leading-edge treatment is available to all citizens at the National Drug Rehabilitation Center. I spent an entire day touring the new facilities, and they are impressive. — Tomasio Hagridoon
Chocolay brings my new uniform Monday morning, covered with plastic and dangling from a hanger like a gutted fish. She is smiling and friendly when she comes through my door. Hero is blessedly absent. 
“Hi, T.” 
“Chocolay!” 
I move to take her in my arms. She thrusts the uniform at me, using it as a shield against my ardor. 
“You ought to wear this today.”
“Uh… thanks.” I scowl at the thing. Is it possible to be furious at a garment? 
She glances around critically. “Some nice apartments are opening at Revolution Heights. I’ve got contact information if you’re interested.”
“Sure, I’d like that.”
My place is as shabby as ever, and Chocolay is even more beautiful, clad in her blue, quasi-military uniform with its visored cap and form-fitting skirt. Though not as overtly erotic as her sprayed-on leathers, it’s even more sexy in its way. The moment turns awkward.
“Well, I’ll let you get changed,” she says. “Meet you in the car.”
Some minutes later, I emerge onto the stoop wearing my new outfit. The fabric gleams in the sunlight, annoying my eyes. I’m terribly self-conscious but must admit the thing is well-tailored. Fits me like a glove, or perhaps a straitjacket. It’s the same dark blue as Chocolay’s uniform, with silver piping here and there. A peaked cap finishes the ensemble.
A medal, which I must have earned for some unknown service, is affixed to the left breast pocket. It appears to be a winged Mercury type figure, flitting along on some important mission. I rather like that—Mercury, god of communication, eloquence, and commerce. It isn’t until later that I recall his other function as a conductor of souls to the afterlife. 
People in the street, accustomed to seeing my more modest persona, gape at my transformation. A group promenading on the sidewalk gives me a wide berth.
The chauffeur tips his cap and opens the door for me. “Good morning, sir. Lovely day, isn’t it?”
“Yes, quite. Thank you.”
I slide into the spacious back seat. Chocolay sits at the far end, pressed against the door. Between us reposes my old friend, Hero.
“Nice to see you again, boy,” I remark with a definite lack of candor.
The dog glowers savagely, not taken in by my friendliness and new outfit. My hand edges toward the automatic pistol holstered under my tunic. Hero catches the movement, and his eyes become slits.
I feel curiously exposed without the Mauser. It’s hidden amid a pile of laundry in my apartment. Hopefully, no one will try to find it. Judging by the circumspect looks I’ve gotten on the street, nobody will be anxious to break in.
The car starts moving.
“Chocolay, I – ”
“Here are some numbers for new apartments.” She hands me a piece of paper, extending her arm across Hero’s hulking presence. “Be sure to mention your priority code.”
“Thanks.”
“Revolution Heights is a good area, upscale.”
I want to ask about this, maybe find out where she is living. Chocolay touches her lips with an index finger and makes a slight gesture toward the chauffeur. I get it. General Benque has his ways of finding things out.
Our conversation is restricted to banalities as we motor across town toward the waterfront. I’ve seldom been to this area and try to content myself with sightseeing. Not much to see, especially when a goddess is sitting so close. 
We get out at a pier, accompanied by Hero.
“We’re taking a cruise?” I ask.
Chocolay smiles. “No, silly.” 
Away from the chauffeur, she is more relaxed. She carries the same red leather bag over her shoulder as during our football match forays. It’s a bit tattered now, and you might think it would clash with her stylish uniform; anything she touches blends perfectly, though. The little ceramic skull no longer dangles from it.
“What happened to your friend with the ruby eyes?” I nod toward the bag.
Chocolay shrugs. “He served his purpose.”
I’d like to know what purpose the was but am unwilling to say anything further. She’s sensitive about that skull.
“We’re going there.” She points across the bay toward a hazy landmass. “The National Drug Rehabilitation Center—also known as ‘Drug Island.’”
“All right. Is Hero going, too?”
“Unfortunately not. I don’t want the people I’m photographing to look scared.”
“That is unfortunate.”
She gives me a sidelong glance, unconvinced by my proffer of sympathy.
For all my fantasies about traversing foreign lands, I’ve always been a town guy. This bright, fresh-aired, salt-tang ambiance is unfamiliar to me and not altogether pleasant. The area is green and open with several mid-sized trees dotted about. Vultures cover one of them. Others soar overhead, their wings held in acute V shapes.
More pleasant birds are also in evidence. One sings a complex melody from a different tree, well away from the carrion eaters’ lair. Black birds walk around, eyeing us curiously, sunlight pulling blue glints from their feathers. 
A boat pulls up to the dock, the Gardenia. It’s rather scruffy, like a small tugboat. The hull is black and the upper portions white. A red band running along the side adds a rakish touch to the old tub. A bad-tempered looking older man with white hair pilots it. A deckhand accompanies him, somewhat younger, though equally disgruntled.
“This is the best I could do at short notice,” Chocolay says. “We were supposed to get a government watercraft, until some big shot pulled rank.”
I feel a brief stab of disappointment, then something like relief. Those crusty men hardly look like official snoops, and maybe the boat offers more possibilities than mere transportation…
The captain exits the pilot house. He reminds me of Bernard, a sort of water-borne taxi driver in a blue pea coat. He removes his cap and addresses Chocolay.
“Ready to go, ma’am?” he growls in what, for him, must be an accommodating tone.
“Yes we are, Captain Sitka.” 
Chocolay steps onto the boat, assisted by the deckhand who is grinning widely. Her presence graces the humble craft. These two grizzled veterans probably haven’t had much to smile about lately. I get on next, and we’re off.
Sitka and his mate stay in the wheelhouse while we take over the rear deck. Despite its rather negative first impression, the boat is neat and clean, very ship-shape. The sky is thinly clouded, permitting the right amount of light to play across Chocolay’s face; sea breeze rustles her hair. Discreetly angled away from observation, I reach behind and stroke her ass. 
She settles against me a few seconds, then pulls away. “Not now, T.”
“When?”
“Some other time, hang on.”
Her voice has become husky, and I’m having enough trouble hanging on to my marbles. 

After a forty-minute chug through the bay, the island draws near. It’s open and undulating, with well-tended lawns and trees similar to those on shore. No vultures are in evidence. 
The place seems dark, somehow, though this can’t be a physical attribute. Maybe it’s a projection of my frustrated sexuality. A sprawling 4-story building seems benign enough with its off-white exterior and flag pole proudly fluttering the national banner. The uneasy effect is created by something less tangible.
Chocolay assumes an official tone. “That building once served as a quarantine facility during pandemics. Now it’s being repurposed to house the country’s drug addicts during their treatment.”
“All of them?”
“Eventually, every drug offender will be housed on the island until rehabilitation is achieved. There’s new construction going on.”
“Right.”
As we glide past the facility heading for the dock, I discern another building under construction—at least as big as the existing one.
“Drug offenders are no longer allowed in the general populace,” Chocolay explains. “They must receive certification here before they can return to normal society.”
It all sounds rational and efficient. So, why am I feeling agitated? A second, smaller island comes into view. 
“What’s that?” I ask.
“Oh… we’re not going there.”
“Fine, but what is it?”
Chocolay moves closer and lowers her voice. “That’s the permanent residence, informally known as ‘Goner Island.’”
“For the ones who can’t be rehabilitated?”
She nods. 
The bright day is turning chilly.

21. Facility Tour
A smiling, 30-ish woman in a white tailored outfit greets us at the dock. Her auburn hair is professional mid-length, and she exudes competence. She’d be quite attractive in another setting if Chocolay were not present to outshine her.
“My name’s Monika, and I work in administration. I’ll be one of your guides today.”
We exchange commonplaces and head together for the main gate. I glance back toward the boat. Captain Sitka stands on deck observing us, smoke from a large briar pipe wreathing his head. The effect is a bit unsettling, demonic.
The gate is a large, stone structure with a blazing sun bas relief at its apex. It appears to be of recent construction. Chocolay snaps pictures, one with a smiling Monika posing in the maw. The three of us continue on to the treatment center along a brick walkway cutting through immaculate lawns.
The building interior is bright and bustling. Workmen scurry about doing renovations; everything smells of fresh paint and plaster. A middle-aged artist in a denim smock is doing a wall mural in the reception area. Chocolay photographs him gazing imperiously down from his ladder. The work is in its early stages, and not much can be discerned from it.
Monika hands me a color drawing of the finished product. “The mural is titled Spirit of Recovery. It’s meant to hearten those who come here at the crisis point of their lives.”
The illustration shows a weary young man and woman standing before the gate with bags slung over their shoulders. Their faces are grim, yet oddly hopeful. Beyond the gate, the treatment center glows a compassionate welcome. White-clad figures beckon from the doorway.
It’s well executed, though I wonder why the people are going in rather than coming out. Maybe a second, smiling couple could be exiting the gate on their way to reenter society. This would be a testimonial to the healing they’d received and an example to the newcomers. I think to mention this, but it’s not my job to ask inconvenient questions.
“That’s a remarkable picture,” I say. “The facial expressions are a tribute to the artist’s subtlety.”
Monika smiles, clearly pleased. Has she been eying my uniform?
She withdraws some papers from a manila folder. “Here’s the artist’s bio, also background information on the Center and its treatment program.”
“Thanks.”
I leaf through the pages. They are quite detailed, with charts, graphs and technical data. Also an idealistic, if badly-worded, mission statement. Monika’s smile assumes an edge, conveying that my story should not deviate from this information. 
Got it. Keep to the official line, like the East End story.
One large wing is fully renovated and open for business. Monika leads us through the modern and efficient residential units on the upper floors. Some can hold two people and have kitchenettes. Married couples undergoing therapy together can use these studios, “subject to doctor approval.” I get to interview one such couple, along with a few single patients. 
All are appreciative and excited about their treatment. Since Monika remains constantly at my side, I can’t ask any probing questions. Are there any doubts or anxieties beneath the smiling exteriors? I have no idea if these people are authentic patients or not. I just write down their testimonials, secure in the knowledge their remarks can be augmented later, as required. 
The whole thing has an artificial tone. Never have I missed my old sports reporting job more with its jarring realism and sweaty locker rooms.
We visit a large, immaculate kitchen and its adjacent dining hall. Who wouldn’t want to eat at those tables with their comfortable chairs? We stand discreetly at the back of a room where a group therapy session is being conducted by a handsome, personable man with a Doctor Mike button pinned to his lapel. He’s full of enthusiasm and good cheer. The participants seem to like him a lot. The ambiance is upbeat.
Everything looks good to my inexpert eye. Presumably, the best possible face is being exhibited for our benefit. One can only hope this bright face will continue to shine after we leave. Throughout, Chocolay ranges around with her camera, leaving me to the close supervision of our guide. 
My conversations with Monika sometimes depart from the strictly professional. She’s aware of my sports reporting reputation—her male relatives were all big fans—and she is pleased to be hosting a “celebrity journalist.” Doesn’t that make my day? 
After two hours of talking and wandering the facilities, we meet up with Chocolay in a small conference room.
“This is it for my part,” Monika explains. “One of the medical staff will escort you through the clinic area.”
“You’ve been most kind,” I say. “This has been an enlightening experience.”
Monika smiles warmly and primps her hair. Is she coming onto me a little? 
“You’re most welcome.” She hands me a business card. “Feel free to call if you have more questions.”
“Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule,” Chocolay says.
She emphasizes “busy schedule” as if to imply Monika should be getting back to it. Monika’s eyebrows go up. Could it be Chocolay is jealous of her? The thought pleases me.
My satisfaction endures until Dr. Mike barges in with his chiseled features and broad shoulders. He and Chocolay immediately click, judging by the sexual thunderbolt she hurls his direction and by his eager acceptance of it. Monika fades out of the room.
“Nice to meet you.” Dr. Mike gives my hand a firm shake. “I’ll be your guide for the rest of the tour.”
His tag includes his last name in a smaller font. I make no attempt to remember it. In the background, Chocolay smiles impishly. I’ve seen that look before when she requested triple plays. 
“Thanks, doctor,” I say, “lead on.”
He does so, promising us a thorough look at the center’s medical resources. Chocolay does not range ahead now but stays close to Dr. Mike, hanging on his every word. As we move down the corridor to the main clinic, a men’s lavatory comes into view. An opportunity to bail out of this dreary situation presents itself. 
“Excuse me a minute,” I say.
“Certainly,” Dr. Mike says.
Is that a satisfied gloat on Chocolay’s face?
When I emerge from the lavatory, she and Dr. Mike are nowhere to be seen. Why is that not a surprise? I locate a secondary exit and depart the building.

I’m in a foul, depressed mood when I arrive at the Gardenia. The water looks as cold and bleak as my spirit.
“We ain’t supposed to leave for another hour forty-five minutes,” Captain Sitka rumbles from the inner sanctum of his tobacco cloud.
“Right.”
To think I’d considered bribing Sitka to use his boat for a tumble with Chocolay. Forget that! I’m not a ‘sloppy seconds’ type guy. Besides, she’ll use up her hundred and five minutes with the doctor exam. I glance over the leaden water. This would be a good day to take up smoking. As it is, I’ll have to gnaw my resentment unaided.
I spot the profile of Goner Island in the distance, and a new idea joins my melancholy. “I’d like to go over there.”
“Sorry, that ain’t allowed. The contract states a single round trip to this dock.”
I pull out the wad of bills I’d planned to use for the tryst fee. Sitka’s eyes bulge out of the smoke. 
“Of course, I expect to pay for your services, Captain.”
“Well…” Sitka removes his pipe and strokes the back of his head. “I suppose Paulo could run you out there in the launch.”
His hand flicks out with surprising speed and grabs the bills. They disappear into this jacket pocket. The effect is rather comic, and I cannot suppress a smile. My attention moves toward the sullen visage of Goner Island hulking in the ocean, and my smile fades.
What the hell am I getting into?


22. Goner Island
The direct trip does not take long in the motorized launch. There is no place to put in, only sheer rock face. The deckhand, Paulo, navigates us to the far side of Goner Island. 
As soon as we round a promontory, the view alters in startling ways. No longer can I spot the NDRC or the mainland. The outlines of the bay are replaced by endless ocean vista. I glance back at Paulo. His face is stoic and unreadable as he turns our craft toward a little cove.
“See to the oar up there, young fella. I ain’t familiar with these parts. Captain Sitka will take it bad if we damage his boat.”
I stand in the prow gripping a long oar, my gaze probing the water for obstructions. Paulo throttles back the motor. A partly submerged rock approaches, and I push us away from it.
“Easy,” Paulo says.
I keep my eyes fixed on the water until the boat drifts gently onto the stony beach. Only then do I appreciate the desolation all around us. The place is utterly barren with towering stone formations. It’s as if we’ve landed on the moon.
Paulo surveys the area suspiciously. I disembark, getting my shoes wet.
“Wait here for me. I’ll be back within an hour.”
“Aye.” 
“There’ll be a bonus for you and your boss if things go well. If things go wrong, I’ll know who to blame.”
A frown creases Paulo’s face. The last sentence I threw at him was probably unnecessary. I’d wanted to issue a warning should these two old salts be acting as government snitches.
I make my way up a steep incline, displacing pebbles with each step, until I reach a broad, rolling expanse. The land is covered by grass, shrubs, and small trees. A mournful wind kicks up, contending with the crashing breakers below. The struggle against this wind has bent the tree trunks into suffering poses. 
Here we are. I consult my watch. This is going to be a long hour.
Some distance ahead lies a cluster of flat-roofed buildings, maybe twenty-five in all. As I approach over the rough ground, I can see they are cinder-block apartment buildings, two stories high. Each structure has eight residences—four in front, the others in back. The lower dwellings have stone patios, while the upper units sport balconies. The buildings are painted soft pastel, in contrast to the bleak surroundings.
I approach a building labeled “Unit A” and cross the patio to one of the lower apartments. The door is wide open.
“Hello? Anybody here?”
No answer. I duck in my head.
It’s a modest studio with a neatly made cot against the back wall. A sink, cupboard, and small refrigerator are to the right. Two chairs and a table occupy the middle. A wooden wardrobe completes the décor. Toward the rear, a bathroom door stands partially open. I direct my voice toward it.
“Anybody home?”
I step fully inside. The place seems nice enough—better than my apartment, actually, if not quite as big. I open the cupboard to find a loaf of rye bread laced with caraway seeds. The refrigerator contains soft drinks, fruit, and roast beef leftovers on a plastic dish. Hot water flows from the sink tap.
Not bad, for a druggie hangout.
Other buildings reveal similar interiors. All the doors are open and nobody is about. The effect is unsettling, as if I’m walking through a mausoleum district. Constant, doleful wind enhances the effect. I keep glancing back the way I came. 
Just as I’m about to give up my tour, a man exits the apartment right in front of me. We both flinch. He’s dressed in whites and clutches a broom in one hand. A trash bag occupies his other one. My own hand jerks reflexively toward my automatic pistol; I bring it down in time.
“W-who are you?” The man asks, roving his eyes along my uniform. “Are you with them?”
Who the hell are ‘them’? 
“I’m here on an inspection tour.”
The man nods, apparently accepting my cover story.
“Where is everyone?” I ask.
He points toward a nearby hill. “Up there, in the Ballroom.”
I think to ask what the “Ballroom” is. Instead, I point toward the buildings I’ve visited.
“You’ve done good work. Carry on.”
A relieved look comes over his face. “Thank you, sir.”
I move onto the hill. The ascent is not as steep as from the shore, yet each step is increasingly difficult, as if something is trying hold me back. I consult my watch repeatedly, hoping the minutes have magically passed and I’ll have to rush back to the boat. No such luck. In less than ten minutes, I’ve reached the top. The wind has died, and the landscape bakes under a cloudless sun. The uniform fabric makes my skin itch.
A low, round building lurks ahead. It’s made of stone and seems overlarge for this island. It has a pointed roof and numerous clerestory windows, many of which are open. A miasma issues through these windows bearing a vile odor of chemicals and burning plastic. 
Turn back, you damn fool!
I can’t until my curiosity is satisfied. I glance at my watch a final time and feel the reassuring bulge of the automatic pistol under my tunic. I continue on to the building and enter through its large metal door.
Inside is a murky anteroom of hell, death on the deferred payment plan. Thick, poisonous smoke makes me cough. Various damned souls repose against the walls or on the floor, smoking little pipes. Flames shooting from their lighters heighten the diabolical effect. I cannot make out individual faces.
Heads swivel toward me.
“Hey, that’s some bad-ass uniform!” A man with dark, shoulder-length hair waves to me. “Where’s the Halloween party, man?” 
I smile weakly and keep moving. Never have I felt so out of my element. Prior to this, I’d pretty much avoided the drug use ruining our society; now it’s shoved into my face and up my nostrils. 
Elsewhere in the single open room, people huddle in little groups injecting themselves with needles. Others lie on cushions, sucking long pipes. The burnt stench issuing from these foul instruments makes me cough harder. I halt and mop my face with a handkerchief. The denizens sitting nearby find this amusing. 
“You need to get high, my friend,” a man says, offering me a little smoking implement. “Try some of this.” 
“Uh… thanks, no.”
“Go ahead, it’s good shit,” the man next to him says. “We got plenty.”
My watery eyes have adjusted somewhat to the dimness. I peer through the haze and study the two men. I expect them to resemble the animated dead that haunted the streets prior to the coup. Instead, they look relatively normal, with decent clothes. One is missing some front teeth, the other wears a red shirt.
An expectation of filth hovers in this venue for death waltzes. One expects to see needles and bloody cloths littering the floor along with empty capsules and other discards. Urine streaks should pollute the walls and pools of vomit attend the floor. Nothing of the sort. The absence of dirt makes the place even more bizarre.
The reason for this cleanliness makes itself known. Two men in whites, like the one I encountered by the apartments, move about the room sweeping and picking up litter. They wear gloves and surgical masks. 
Wish I had a mask. 
I drop to my haunches beside the two inmates. “You guys like it here?”
“What’s not to like?” The one with missing teeth replies. “Good food, digs, any drug you want.”
“Does it bother you, not being able to leave?”
“Hell, no! I enjoy getting high. I’m a junkie. Where else I gonna find a place like this?”
A flame shoots from his lighter, and I jerk back out of the way. 
“How long have you been here?” I ask.
“Who knows? In the Ballroom, one day kinda blends into the next, if you get what I’m saying.”
The man in the red shirt speaks. “This place beats the hell out of the main island, but everything ends up at the hog pen.”
“Where?” 
Missing Teeth thrusts an angry face at his companion. “Cut the ‘hog pen’ talk! It’s just a rumor.”
“Yeah? What about the guys in Unit C? Where’d they go?”
“Shit!” Missing Teeth settles back with his pipe.
Red Shirt turns toward me. “They’ll be clearing us out soon enough. Gotta make room in the Ville for the next batch.”
“Sucks to be you,” Missing Teeth grumbles.
I’ve seen, and smelled, more than enough. I stand up. “Have a nice day, guys.”
“Yeah, whatever.”
One of the men in white is lurking close by. He must have made a special trip, as his clean-up duties shouldn’t have brought him here so quickly. He is stocky and muscular; his eyes bore into me over his surgical mask. The exposed facial skin seems an unnatural, bluish shade. His powerful hands grip the broom hard. He could fracture my skull with it, had he a mind to.
“Keep up the good work,” I tell him and beat a hasty retreat.
“Shot anybody lately?” he calls after me.
I pause. “E-excuse me?”
He holds my gaze a few seconds, then resumes sweeping.
“Didn’t I tell you he was a bad ass?” The long-hair guy says.
I’m out the door and scrambling down the hills. Paulo is still at the cove, as sour as ever. After the horrors I’ve seen, he almost looks beautiful.
* * *
Chocolay is waiting at the dock when I return. Guess the bangy session with Dr. Mike didn’t take as long as I’d figured. She’s trying to look professional, but has not completely fixed her appearance.
“I told you we weren’t going out there,” she snaps. “You’d better hope nobody finds out.”
“Right. And there are some other things you’d better hope don’t make the rounds.”
She shoots me an icy glower.
“Your lipstick’s smeared, and your hair looks like crap.”
The ride to the mainland is silent and tense. I quite forget to pay the bonus I’d promised Captain Sitka and Paulo. I’m too busy thinking about the blue-face man. 

23. Transitions
Needless to say, my story includes nothing about Goner Island. 
Only the most upbeat stuff appears—much of it gleaned from the material provided by Monika—spiced with the interviews I conducted. No problem with the clinic tour I missed; the official account, simplified for public consumption, suffices quite well.
I rework the long-winded mission statement into something more readable:
Our mission is to provide treatment and hope for all citizens who have lost their souls to the monster of addiction.
It has the virtue of brevity and is rather ominous, too. The “lost souls” verbiage is impactful. I try not to think overmuch about the lost souls on Goner Island or about the eyes glaring from the blue face under the surgical mask. 
Upon further reflection, I revise the statement along more conventional lines:
Our mission is to provide treatment and hope to all citizens during their struggle against addiction.
Now it’s even more brief, if rather dull. I liked the first version a lot better. How is my soul being influenced by all this?
I hand in the article at the Information Ministry. While there, I put in a good word for the Clarion. Later, the editor calls, thanking me profusely for the printing contract they’ve scored with the Ministry.
So, there are compensations to this job, beside the fat paychecks and the guilty conscience. Odd how I’ve drifted through life up to this point, not concerning myself with issues bigger than the next football game. Now the game is up.
I’m definitely on the outs with Chocolay. She doesn’t contact me, and I still don’t have her phone number or address. Fine… not really. I must get resigned to the fact there will always be a new Dr. Mike on the horizon. Beating myself up about it accomplishes nothing.
Using the contact information Chocolay provided, I obtain a new apartment at Revolution Heights. It’s upscale, fully furnished, and light years away from my squalid former residence. 
Moving is a breeze, just my new clothes and designer shoulder bag. I abandon everything else for the next tenant. The shoulder bag has some heft. It contains the Mauser, ammo, and numerous gold coins, also a good amount of paper cash—should I need to relocate in a hurry. Plus a small pair of binoculars, in case I wish to take up bird watching.
After passing the Security desk in the austere, marble-floored lobby, I take the elevator to the fifth floor. Upon entering my apartment, I’m in a small entry hall looking into the living room with its thick blue carpet, gas fireplace, and black leather sofa. The attached dining area has a side bar for after-work cocktails. A small room serves as an office. 
The master bedroom contains a large bed upon which rest old memories of Chocolay. Will new ones ever be created? I try to gauge my status in the New Order by the housing I’ve been allowed. My position, while far from the bottom, seems well below the top echelon. Quite a change from my days as the “king of sports journalism.” A lot more money, though.
Weeks pass. I go out on further writing assignments, accompanied by a new photographer, Daryl. He’s a competent young man but far less stimulating than Chocolay. We get along well.
One assignment takes me near the port area, and I think of visiting Captain Sitka to pay him the promised bonus. I learn from another boat captain—a man with a suspicious, hesitant air—that both Sitka and Paulo were killed when a large vessel struck Gardenia in conditions of low visibility.
The news is profoundly distressing. I can’t help wondering if their demise is linked to my Goner Island foray. Loneliness is exposing me to paranoid ideas. Monika floats up in my thoughts as a possible cure for my frustrations. I call her number and am told she no longer works at the treatment center. No forwarding address or phone. 
Into this chilly interim, steps the biggest assignment of all.



24. The Breaking
Penalty Day observances will be conducted at East End Stadium this Saturday, beginning 7:00 a.m. All citizens are encouraged to schedule time slots for witnessing the just chastisement of anti-social elements. — official proclamation
Daryl has moved into my former neighborhood where I pick him up early for the Penalty Day observances. I know how much he’s paid and that he can afford better accommodation than this low-rent district offers. Maybe he’s saving up for a quick getaway like I used to, as I still am.
“This is it?” he inquires as he bundles his lanky frame and camera gear into the back seat of my official car. “Just the two of us?”
“Yep.” 
Daryl does not need to be kept in the loop. I’m pretty much out of the loop, myself. 
Our workload today is light. The punishments will be recorded by a motion picture crew, people not answerable to the Information Ministry. Our job is to interview and photograph attendees only, plus get shots of the opening and closing ceremonies. Per usual, I’ve been given information sheets outlining the parameters of what we can report—the government spin presented in literate phraseology, under my byline. 
It seems my reputation from the sports reporting days has rubbed off onto this new job, as indicated by the positive feedback I’ve gotten from my superiors. I adjust my necktie and flick some lint off my uniform sleeve. This is quite an outfit for a glorified delivery boy. Daryl’s uniform is less ornate, a dark blue News Service blazer and gray slacks.
The car stops in front of East End Stadium where masses of people are pushing through the gates. We depart air-conditioned comfort into warm humidity. Off to the side, ignored by the public, a dozen members of the Glowing Path religious sect beat drums and chant mournfully. Their wispy, pastel robes hang limp in the morning air.
“Check out those weirdos.” Daryl snaps a picture. “They don’t look too happy.”
“This isn’t a day for happiness.”
We circumvent the crowd with our official passes and set up our ‘HQ’ inside the press box from where I once covered football matches. The place has a musty odor and is uncomfortably warm. At least it shields us from the gathering mob outside. Pleasant memories seep from its walls. I’d once been top dog in this room. My old chair is in place by the window bank; the mounted binoculars are still here. Seems like old times, except the game today is for deadly keeps.
I remove my tunic and drape it over an adjacent chair, the one where my rival from the Times used to sit. Too late, I realize my holstered gun is now visible. It seems an inappropriate exposure before a subordinate, but I soon get over my uneasiness. 
“This place needs an airing,” I say. 
Daryl nods. “What’s the plan, Chief?” 
I luxuriate in my new title a moment; no one’s ever called me ‘Chief’ before. Then I pull out the day’s schedule. It’s set up in four sessions. After each one, a new batch of spectators will be ushered into the stadium while the previous one is hustled out.
7:00        Nat. anthem, opening ceremony
7:15-9:15   Gang discipline, session 1
9:30-11:00  Rapist review

11:45-1:45  Gang discipline, session 2
2:00-3:00   Drug king demotion

3:45-5:45   Gang discipline, session 3
6:00-7:30   Child molester makeover

8:15-10:15  Gladiator jam
10:30       Closing ceremony
“Take some photos of the opening ceremony,” I say. “Be sure to feature the honor guard at the flag raising.”
“Check.”
“When… things get going, meet me at Entrance A. We’ll do some interviews.”
“Right, Chief.” 
Daryl departs HQ with an array of cameras and lenses. I settle behind the binoculars to observe the crowd. 
It’s nothing like a football match gathering. Instead of the usual boisterous, pennant-waving racket, a profound silence grips the arena. Faces are solemn, eyes darting and uncertain. In place of the motley guards and tattooed gang members, soldiers in neat uniforms stand amid the throng to keep order. Looks like a capacity turnout, somewhere north of 35,000.
My chair creaks as I shift position. In previous times, this room had always been too noisy for detecting such things, or perhaps the furniture is getting old. I’m feeling rather ancient myself, like a time traveler who has returned to familiar haunts after centuries away. The press box hovers around me, a tomb of lost memories. 
While peering through the glass magnifiers, I perceive something ominous in the crowd. Beneath the quiet, intimidated exterior lies a fierce energy waiting to burst forth. The opening cannon boom makes everyone jump, including me. A military honor guard enters the field to raise the flag. The national anthem blares. 
I’m suddenly on my feet with hand over heart, not because anybody is watching—the room is empty—but out of patriotism and nostalgia. Until recent times, I’d taken a blasé attitude about my country. I’d seen my citizenship as a dreary chore, something that enabled survival while I was here and could be sloughed off when I left. Now I value it more. Is it because I have a comfortable place in the New Order? Maybe it’s a premonition of a coming end.
General Neustadt, from the Army high command, gives the opening remarks. They drone out of his mouth precisely as they appear on my information sheet. I pick Daryl out of the crowd. He’s at the forefront, immortalizing the event. I scan for Chocolay without success.
After some initial blather about how great President Benque and the new government are, Neustadt gets to the point: 
We are gathered here for public enlightenment. As much as these criminals merit death, they can serve a more important atonement. From this day forward, their example will serve as a warning against anti-social pursuits. Anyone who might consider a life outside civilized norms will only have to look at these pariahs to understand the wisdom of following an upright path… 
The stuffy press box begins to feel much cooler. The happy memories oozing from its walls turn dark and menacing. As I watch, eyes fastened to the binoculars, men drag a wooden apparatus to the field’s midpoint. Where football players once battled for dominance, a triangular framework now stands. It resembles a step ladder with only a few cross pieces. The crew anchors it to the ground with heavy stakes, as if they are setting up a tent.
What the hell is that thing for? 
I’ve not long to wait for an answer. Soldiers manhandle a struggling captive onto the field. He’s stripped to his undershorts, and every visible inch of skin is tattooed. The man is tall and thin; his bald head gleams under the morning sun. He seems to have horn tattoos on his forehead, like the man I once shot.
“First up is ‘Devil’ Maskall, former leader of the notorious East End gang,” a voice blares over the loudspeaker system. “He thought of himself as the immortal Evil One. Today he will learn otherwise!”
The announcer’s tone is upbeat, humorous, as if he’s covering an Easter egg roll. Uneasy laughter ripples the onlookers. Maskall increases his resistance as they near the wooden contraption. A guard raps his skull with a truncheon and he settles down. Off to the side, a large, powerfully-built man with a dark mask over his face leans on a bamboo sword.
The press box has become unnaturally cool, and I reach for my jacket. By the time I’ve buttoned it on and settled behind the binoculars again, the prisoner has been clamped to the wooden frame, back exposed to his captors. The masked man charges and slams his wooden sword against Maskall’s thighs. A sickening whump! assails my ears a moment later, followed by a scream. 
I jerk back in my chair. “Damn!”
As naïve as it may sound, I wasn’t prepared for this. What the hell did I expect, a church social? After witnessing the piano-wire execution at the presidential palace, too. The crowd is utterly silent. By the second whump! it begins to stir. By the third, it breaks into ragged cheers. Soon it is howling and stamping its feet.
I swallow hard, wiping cold sweat from my forehead and palms. Chocolay suddenly appears in my binoculars, down on the field with the motion picture camera crews. She’s taking shots with her own camera, like when we covered football matches. The savage crowd soon obscures her. I keep probing but cannot find her again.
Maskall’s “just chastisement” is soon over. Another masked man charges him with a metal pole, slamming it against his lower back with vertebrate-crushing force. Maskall goes limp. He is unclamped and dragged away.
A stiff drink would be appropriate, and I curse myself for not bringing a hip flask. Men are lugging more equipment onto the field. I leave the press box and descend the steep aisle to Entrance A. Daryl is waiting for me. He’s a shade paler than when I last saw him, and he looks older, somehow.
“Did you get good coverage of the opening ceremony?” I ask.
“Yeah.” He shakes his head. “This is really something.”
“Well… let’s do some interviews before things start up again.”
“Check.”
The first man I talk to wears an angry, triumphant expression on his broad face. He seems ready to burst into some violent act. Without Daryl and my automatic pistol, I’d be very hesitant to approach. He seems the type of guy I should be interviewing, though.
“What is your impression of these events?” I ask.
“Screw them all!”
“I take it you approve?”
“Damn right.” The man’s face darkens. “Those bastards killed my brother and his wife. They terrorized our neighborhood for years. If anything, this is too easy on them. Wish I could go down there and beat their asses myself.”
Daryl snaps a picture, and we’re on to the next interview, a woman this time.
“My daughter was raped by those monsters,” she says through her tears. “I hope they rot in hell!”
And so on. Every person I speak to summons damnation upon the criminals. One group is different. They stand together with teary eyes. Maybe they have family members scheduled for punishment. When I try to approach them, a military guard waves me off.
Numerous whipping frames have been set up on the field, along with a high scaffold type structure. 
“Everyone please take your seats. It’s time to strike up the band!”
The chastisements resume on an industrial scale, dozens at a time. Daryl and I retreat to the press box.

Two hours later, the “rapist review” is in full swing. It differs from the earlier session in crucial ways. After the wooden-sword beating, victims are strappadoed from a high bar and their genitals scorched by a small flamethrower. Then their legs are broken with iron bars. 
The stench of burnt meat wafts into our press box. Outside, the mob has yelled itself hoarse, and there is little noise to compete with the screams, the poundings on flesh, and the belching flamethrowers. We sit on chairs pushed as far away from the window bank as possible.
“How long do we have to stay?” Daryl asks. He’s even paler than before and appears to have lost weight.
I shrug. “We need to be here to catch the closing ceremony.”
“That’s a long way off. We could hang out at my place until then.”
“Good idea.”
Daryl stands and stretches himself painfully. Bones in his spine snap into place. He takes a final glance out the window bank. “I’m all for suppressing those guys… but like this?”

25. Afternoon with Daryl
The official car won’t return until much later, so we flag a taxi. 
The middle-aged driver is a talkative sort. “What’s it like in there?”
“It’s… interesting.” 
“I’m scheduled for the 3:45 session. I can hardly wait.”
Daryl and I exchange a weary glance.
“Those sons of bitches ruined our country,” the driver spits. “Murder in every neighborhood, kidnapping, drugs, people screwing right on the street. Thank God it’s over.”
“Yes, thank God.”
We consider stopping for take-out food, but neither of us is hungry. The stink of burned flesh remains in our nostrils.

At the little apartment, Daryl places a bottle of vodka on the table along with olives and mixers. 
“Help yourself. Ice is in the freeze.”
He tosses his News Service blazer onto a chair. As always, a small rangefinder camera is attached to his belt—his ‘backup shooter,’ as he calls it, ready for action under any circumstances. 
“Gotta take a quick shower,” he says. “I feel dirty.”
I know what he means. “Sure. I’ll get acquainted with the bottle.”
He heads for the bathroom, accompanied by the backup shooter. I pour some olive juice into a glass, along with three olives and top it off with a stiff portion of vodka. I move to the window. 
My old apartment building hulks across the street, looking even more drab from this fourth-story perspective. A warped nostalgia creeps up on me for the ‘good old days’ when all I had to think about was the next sports match and how much money I should wire to my overseas accounts. Back before Chocolay appeared…
She’d only been in my binoculars a few seconds, long enough to catch her agitation and excitement. She seemed thrilled by the brutal action taking place on the field. Her face was flushed. Her ravenous sexuality seemed ready to burst out in a great explosion. 
Maybe I’m reading too much into it. I take a long swill from my glass. Daryl exits the bathroom, still damp from the shower, and pours himself a drink. 
“Ah! My better half.” He hoists the vodka bottle.
“Yeah, mine, too.”
We share a mirthless chuckle. Daryl quaffs his drink and pours himself another.
“Freshen yours up, Chief?”
“Please.”
He splashes more vodka into my glass. It’s good stuff, out of keeping with the tacky surroundings. This studio apartment is almost as bad as my old one. I dump in­­ more olive juice.
Daryl turns serious. “What do you think about today’s events?”
Quite a lot. How much can Daryl be trusted? 
I go into cautious propagandist mode. “Nobody disputes the guilt of those people. Their identities and crimes are well known.” 
“Yeah,” Daryl agrees. “The tattoos, clothes, and hairstyles—badges of honor in a criminalized society. I’d imagine a lot of them would have preferred a lower profile after the coup.”
I swirl my glass, observing the olives dance about.
“Would you like some bread and cheese?” Daryl asks. 
“Sounds good.”
Daryl prepares our snacks while I venture deeper into the main topic. “The chastisements were clearly designed to strip the victims of dignity. Someone screaming for mercy while hanging from a strap with his shoulders dislocated does not command much ‘street cred.’”
“So, they’re ‘victims’ now, not mere criminal lowlifes?”
I consider my response carefully. “A criminal receives just punishment.”
Daryl does not reply as he slices cheese from a large wedge.
“There’s no problem putting the worst before a firing squad and locking up the rest,” I say. “Hell, I shot one myself.”
“Yeah, I heard about that.”
“People are enjoying this cruelty way too much. It’s corrupting them.” I set down my glass. Vodka has loosened my tongue too much already. 
Daryl puts a dish of bread and sliced cheese on the table. “Have you heard the rumors?”
“Which ones?”
“About certain restaurants catering to a ‘special clientele.’”
I feel the cold breath of mortality blowing on my neck. 
“Tell you what, Daryl, let’s keep things light.” I pop a bit of cheese into my mouth. “Excellent flavor.”
“Got it.” Daryl snatches up his camera bag. “Think I’ll develop the film I shot. That’ll save time in the Ministry darkroom.”
* * *
We return to East End stadium during the “gladiator jam.” Those left over from the previous events have been organized into combat teams and unleashed on each other armed with clubs. It’s a great crowd pleaser, much more so than the genital roast. 
A battle is just ending as members of Team One beat down the lone survivor of Team Two. The mob breaks into wild cheers. Daryl and I stand near an entrance, watching a cleanup crew drag away the bodies. Long blood smears accompany the corpses’ progress.
“Looks like we missed quite a show,” Daryl remarks. 
“There’s more to come.”
“Yeah, we should have brought popcorn.”
Soldiers escort the surviving winners off the field to God knows what fate.
“Damn! I lost my ass on that one,” a nearby man says, handing over a wad of money to a companion.
Elsewhere, similar scenes play out.
“If I’d known about this,” Daryl mutters, “I’d have brought more cash.”
I approach the bet winner. He’s in an exuberant mood. 
“Mind if I ask a few questions?” 
“You look prosperous, young man.” He tweaks my uniform lapel. “How about putting some money on the next fight?”
“Uh… I’m here in an official capacity only.”
“Too bad. I could have lightened your pockets a little.” He grins broadly, as if his horses have won the trifecta.
“I take it you approve of this format?”
“My wallet approves! That scum down on the field has been robbing me for years. It’s great to get some of it back.”
“Yeah, out of my wallet,” his companion says.
They both laugh. Daryl snaps a picture.
I move on to another spectator, a mild looking fellow in a business suit, like a bank cashier. 
“How’s it going?”
He casts a woeful look my direction. “Not so good. I knew I should have bet on the last match.”
“You always were a chicken shit,” the man next to him says. 
He’s a lower-class type dressed in rougher clothes, maybe the bank janitor. 
“We luck out and get passes to this session, and you won’t even bet.” The janitor points to a thin, cigarette-smoking man standing off to the side taking wagers on the next battle.
“I don’t see you flashing a big wad around,” the cashier replies indignantly. “Go ahead. Shoot the works.”
“Ah, money.” Daryl snaps a picture. “Brings out the best in everyone.”
 We ascend to the press box and wait out the remaining gladiator jam. It runs overtime. The spectators carry on like a mob in the Roman Coliseum must have acted centuries ago—a  wild beast roaring for blood.
When the last criminals have been chastised, there is only the exhausted shuffle of the crowd vacating East End stadium. No closing ceremony, after all. We could have left earlier but have been compelled to drink this cup to the dregs.

Five: The Turning
26. Thing Begin to Sour

Public response to the Penalty Day observances was highly enthusiastic. After many years of being held hostage, law-abiding citizens finally witnessed the criminal element’s demise. — Tomasio Hagridoon
It does not take long to prepare my article about the Breaking. I scarcely need to write anything at all. Daryl’s pictures tell the story—snarling, enraged faces; cheering multitudes thrusting fists into the air; wager money changing hands.
“Betting was officially discouraged,” I write, “but spectators could not be restrained.” 
The statement is accompanied by a photo of soldiers collaring a bookie while, all around them in the crowd, private wagers take place. In retrospect, I’m surprised the censors allowed this lame attempt at humor. What the hell was I thinking?
All of Daryl’s pictures have tremendous emotional impact. He’s a skilled photographer on a level with Chocolay. Speaking of Chocolay, what’s become of her? What about us? Well, there never was an us, except in my fantasies. 
I’d like nothing better than to contact her and smooth out all misunderstandings, forgive her serial infidelities. That’s impossible, though, even if I had her address and phone. Calling her would only make matters worse. How different my life would be if I’d taken the train that day and left the country.
I’m worried about her. More than that, I’m worried about myself. What are we turning into? Where is our society heading? From the depths of my rediscovered patriotism, I tremble for our future.
Weeks pass. Daryl and I go out on varied assignments—factory openings, school openings, speeches by government officials. Throughout, Daryl maintains a polite, respectful demeanor. Something is eating him inside. Our relationship has changed a lot since the Breaking—a new formality and distance has crept in. We are no longer a relaxed, bantering team but separated men frozen into the rigid functions of leader and subordinate.
President Benque is keeping a low media profile, allowing others to pass along his latest edicts. I expect to see punishment film excerpts appearing in the newsreels. Nothing. So, why the movie crew?
Some of the chastised criminals reappear. Those who once terrorized the streets now observe them from wheel chairs, drooling onto bibs.
“Look at that poor bastard,” Daryl comments as we walk past one of the Broken. “The world can’t look too pleasant for him.”
The tattooed head rotates as we hurry past. Its hair has regrown, and the eyes are blank.
I shudder. “What’s he doing here?”
“Family members were allowed to pick them up within 24 hours after Penalty Day… if they wanted.” Daryl raises his camera, hesitates, and lowers it. “Can’t say as they’ve done these guys any favors.”
Despite his inferior position in the hierarchy, Daryl seems better informed than me. He’s privy to street knowledge I’ve missed by moving to Revolution Heights. 
I press him further. “What’s happened to the rest of them?”
Daryl shrugs. “There are rumors.”
He lets the topic die. Small wonder. The last time he mentioned “rumors” I shut him up quick. He’s not making this easy for me. Can’t say as I blame him. 
As the senior person, it’s my job to take the first step, so I blunder ahead. “Would you be interested in investigating some of these rumors?” 
Daryl’s eyebrows go up. He gazes at me a long moment from his extended height, weighing me in the balance. “Possibly. Stop by my place tomorrow evening if you want. We can talk then.”

That night, as during every recent night, the cries of the Broken disturb my sleep. The crowd’s savage roars issue through my walls. I turn the electric fan on high and play my radio to cover the noise, but I can still hear it. Without Chocolay’s presence to ground me, I’m careening into nightmare regions.
The fate of the Broken is turning into an obsession, alongside my Chocolay obsession. Maybe I’m the obsessive type, always looking for something to fixate on. Still, I can’t avoid an overarching sense of wrong. Gunning down a thug in self defense is one thing; I might even say it had entertainment value. Wholesale, joyous brutality against helpless men—however guilty they might be—is something quite different. A miasma of wickedness accompanies it.
Precisely what “investigations” do I have in mind Beats me. I’m counting on Daryl to take the lead. All I know, or at least suspect, is that something evil hides behind the mask of this regime—beyond General Benque’s wounded spirit lashing out for vengeance and the mob’s bloody thirst. 
Anyone, like me, who’s beheld the scavengers in their dark robes and hoods understands their intentions are not benign. Maybe Daryl knows more about them. Perhaps he can show me another dumping ground where I can interview the Broken to learn more about them and their blue-face man. 
And there are those shadowy restaurants with their “special clientele.” I must discover what’s lurking behind the facade.

27. Investigations
The next day, I walk to Adolfo’s for dinner. It’s only a few blocks from Revolution Heights along the upscale streets. 
Memories of Chocolay haunt the restaurant, and loneliness drains flavor from the food. I linger over solitary cocktails, thinking about her captivating sexuality and how it drew me across this room into its light… 
Earlier, I’d called a dispatcher to schedule a taxi ride with Bernard. Like most cabbies, he’s an independent operator with his own vehicle and official green license plate, working through a co-op type company. He appears on time. 
His face brightens as he pulls to the curb in front of me. “Hello, friend. It’s been a while.”
I shake his hand. With the other, I hold up a take-out box. “Got some cheesecake for you.”
“You remembered! Thanks.”
Bernard looks good, prosperous. His gray hair is neatly trimmed. His car sports a new paint job, and the cracked windshield has been replaced.
“Where to?” 
“My old neighborhood.” I slide into the back seat. “Got a friend out there.”
“Coming right up.”
We drive through the darkening city. Bernard handles his car with easy confidence, as if he owns the streets. I unwind and let my thoughts drift to the simpler time, BC—before Chocolay—when all I had to worry about was the next football match. The vinyl upholstery feels more welcoming than the hand-sewn leather of the government cars I’m accustomed to riding.
“You seem to be doing well,” I remark, in an attempt to keep my mind off Chocolay.
“Yeah. Since the scum got cleared off the streets, my income has gone way up. Do you like the new paint job?”
“It’s great.”
“That’s not all.” Bernard flicks a switch, and cool air blows through the vents. “Finally got the AC fixed.”
I roll up the window to exclude the warm, humid night air. 
“I’ve been reading your articles,” Bernard says. “Really liked the one about the treatment center. It’s good the druggies have someplace to go—away from decent people.”
“Thanks.”
“You’ve come up in the world, huh?”
“You could put it that way.”
Pleasant chit chat consumes time as we cross the city. My loneliness retreats a little, and the knot twisting my stomach relaxes. I’m dressed casually, no stiff-ass uniform to cramp my style. I’ve got my designer shoulder bag with the old Mauser Schnellfeuer in it. 
The gun has grown on me, like a protective ivy. Besides, you can fire it full automatic, which would be a real hoot in a jam, even though you probably wouldn’t hit anything. My new pistol rests in its concealed holster under my jacket, providing added comfort. 
We pull up across from Daryl’s building.
“Please wait here. I’ll only be a minute.”
“Right.”
I don’t know what Daryl has planned. Does he want to talk at his apartment or head into town? Cabs are harder to get this time of day, and I’m unwilling to release Bernard yet. At worst, I’ll have to make a round trip to pay him his fare and send him off.
The solo climb up four flights of dingy stairs brings back un-fond memories. This rundown place is a lot like my old apartment building. How many times did I trudge along stairs like these? The elevators at Revolution Heights are a lot more cheery with their mirrored walls and bright fixtures.
I arrive at Daryl’s door and knock. No answer.
I’m sure this is the place. 
I knock again. No light protrudes under the door.
“Daryl?” I twist the knob and push gently. “It’s me, T.H.”
The door creaks open, and I poke my head in. This is Daryl’s place, all right. A shaft of dim streetlight coming through the window illuminates his camera bag hanging from the wall. I turn on the overhead. The place is empty. The bathroom door is open; nobody in there, either. A few dishes clutter the table.
What the hell is he trying to pull?
He specifically told me 8:00, which is now. Why the disappearing act? Maybe he got cold feet. All his insinuations about ‘secret info’ must have been solid B.S. 
Thanks for the runaround, pal. Maybe I’ll see about getting a replacement photographer.
Leaving the light on so he’ll know I stopped by, I clamber back down the stairs. Resentment follows in my wake. To say I feel like a damn fool is an understatement. Isn’t this the way of the world? Lots of big talk and no action.
Something doesn’t seem right, though. Why would Daryl walk out, leaving his camera stuff and the door unlocked? Even with the “scum cleared off the streets,” this isn’t the most secure neighborhood. Annoyance has pushed aside other concerns by the time I reach ground level. I approach Bernard’s car, parked across the street with the motor running and the windows rolled up.
I yank open the door and fling myself onto the back seat. “Let’s go.” 
Nobody is behind the wheel.
“Bernard?”
I lean forward. The take-out box lies open on the front passenger seat, a plastic fork protruding from the partially consumed cheesecake. An icy fist slugs my gut. I tumble out of the car. 
“Bernard! Where the hell are you?”
Threats echo through the empty street, hammering my skull. Gun in hand, I stalk the pavement, examining every dim recess. 
“Bernard?”
Tall, shabby buildings loom all about. Somewhere hidden among their towers, a massive prehistoric creature bides its time, readying itself to swoop down for the kill. I turn into an alleyway. No one there. My fruitless search continues, paranoia increasingly every second. Above me in the gloom, Daryl’s apartment light goes out.
Damn!
I trot back to the car and get behind the wheel. Next thing I know, I’m motoring through the neighborhood of Revolution Heights without a clear idea of how I got there. The car seems to be driving itself. I park along the curb and stumble out. 
Where to put the keys? I decide to leave them on top the spare tire. What if something’s in there I don’t want to see?
I steel myself and pop open the trunk. 

28. Surprise Visitor
Next morning, I’m sprawled on my living room sofa, sunk deep into the cushions and halfway through another cocktail, trying to make sense of things. 
Light coming through the balcony glass door bounces off the hall mirror and into my eye, forcing me to adjust position. I want to pull the drape but am too lethargic to make the effort.
The inebriated journey I drank myself into last night is resuming. Bernard’s face, the way it looked before he disappeared, floats before my vision—the calm, confident expression, the sense he was in control of his life. And then gone. 
I feared to discover him inside the trunk with his head caved in. At least that would have provided closure. He was nowhere to be found. I should have taken him with me into the apartment building. How could I have been such an idiot? One thing is certain—both he and Daryl were intentionally taken out. 
By whom?
They are not the only victims of foolish over-confidence. I’m getting over mine, quick. Until now, I’ve drifted along as a detached observer, largely untouched by events. Even the shooting incident with the gang bangers seemed to occur within a theatrical framework. The coup was a sort of operatic fireworks viewed between sexual bouts.
Now things are striking close to home. What happened to Daryl? His phone is disconnected. 
When will it be my turn? 
The mystery and creepiness building for months has solidified into a spirit-crushing gloom vulture perched upon my shoulder. Its talons grip my flesh hard. I take another swig of alcohol to deaden the pain and think of my designer bag with the gun and cash. Is it finally time to attempt an escape?
A voice crackles over my door intercom. “Tomasio, can I come in?”
Chocolay! 
The gloom vulture flaps off, and renewed hope explodes into my world. I practically fall over myself charging the door. Before I can rip it off the hinges, I pause and stick my eye to the peephole. Even through the lens distortion, she is ravishing—and frightening at the same time. Her skin is pale against her raven hair. Her dark outfit exudes power and eroticism. The word vampire flashes through my mind. If that’s the case, let me in the blood bank. 
Assuming a false air of nonchalance, I open the door. “Well, isn’t this nice?” 
Chocolay arches an eyebrow. She’s not fooled by my act. Her face resumes its dusky hue, and her loveliness settles into place. She points to the cocktail glass I’m still gripping in my sweaty hand. 
“A bit early for that, isn’t it?”
“Yeah.” I set the glass down on the side table.
“Can I come in or not?”
“Of course.” 
I step aside and let her pass amidst a fragrant waft of perfume. I’m awkward and shy, reverting to the “of course” formula of our initial meeting. What can I say under these circumstances—her decked out like a goddess in a form-fitting skirt and me a disheveled semi-drunk? 
Chocolay relieves me of the burden. “I can’t stay long, so let’s make this quick. I’ve got a message for you.”
“All right, shoot.”
Chocolay smiles. I wince at my choice of words. Nothing about her surprises me any longer. Why wouldn’t she pull out her automatic and fire into the ceiling? Or, maybe, into me.
“Let’s take care of this, first.” With a few sweeps of her arms, she disrobes.
My eyes bulge out of their alcohol buzz. Can it be she’s even more perfect than when they last beheld her? Soon we are tumbling along the plush carpet into the living room. 

Torrid minutes later, the tsunami finally abates. We lounge against the wall where we have rolled in our ardor. We’ve ended up under the dining room table, somehow. Chocolay seems part of me; I’ve never had this feeling with her before. It’s as if we’ve blended into a single being. Chocolay feels it, too. She breathes in perfect rhythm with me, and our hearts beat in sync. 
She strokes my face and gazes deep into my eyes, probing my soul. A boundless passion wells up; I open my mouth to speak. She places a finger on my lips, then silences me further with a deep kiss. I stroke her hair and tickle my fingers down her spine. 
“Mmm,” she purrs. “I like your carpet.”
“I’ve got a nice bed, too. Want to check it out?”
“That would be nice.” She glances at her watch, the only adornment of her glorious personage, aside from the gold ring through her left nipple. 
 “Sorry… I can’t stay.” Regret tinges her voice.
I flick the nipple ring with my tongue. “Not even a little longer?”
“No.” She playfully grabs a handful of my pubic hair and yanks.
“Ow!”
This amuses her. “You haven’t lost your touch, Tomasio. Nobody gets me wet the way you can.”
She’s on her feet, slipping into her clothes.
“When can I see you again?” I croak.
“Like this?” She cocks her head. “Can’t say for sure.” 
My hopeful face collapses into dejection. 
“Don’t look so sad. Hang onto that last orgasm. It was a good one.”
She’s running a brush through her luxurious hair, tidying it up in the hall mirror. I join her there, a fresh erection leading the way.
“None of that,” Chocolay says. “Bangy-bangy time is over.”
I grope for any means to extend her visit. “What’s the ‘message’ you had?”
“Oh, that.” She turns from the mirror. “I’ve been instructed to say, ‘stick to your job.’”
“That’s all?”
“You’re bright enough to figure it out.”
Chocolay heads for the door, me trailing behind like a nude puppy dog. She pauses, one hand resting on the knob. 
I wish it was resting on my knob.
“If you promise to behave yourself, you can accompany me to the banquet tonight,” she says.
“Yeah… a banquet. Should I wear my uniform?”
“That would be appropriate. I’ll pick you up at 6—in the lobby.” She gives Flagpole an amused glance. “So don’t get your hopes up, or anything else, for that matter.”
I follow her out into the corridor, quite forgetting I’m bare-assed. 
God, the neighbors! 
An instant before the door clicks shut, I dive into my apartment. I’m exhausted and sleep for several hours.

29. The Banquet
As promised, Chocolay is waiting at six o’clock in the lobby. 
The hulking Security supervisor is trying to strike up a conversation with her. He throws me a rancorous look through narrowed eyes as I approach. A radiant smile illuminates Chocolay, while the supervisor’s face darkens. 
“You’re looking better, Tomasio.” 
No drunken bum tonight. I’m showered, shaved, and wearing my freshly ironed uniform. She’s dressed in a dark, sequined gown so tight she could have been born in it. Glittering jewelry accompanies her neck and wrists. A wave of love carries me toward her.
“You look great, as always,” I say.
“Thank you. Ready to go?” 
“At your service.”
We leave the building under the supervisor’s envious glare. 
Have a fun night, pal. 
A limo waits at the curb, much nicer than the standard official car. The door is opened for us, and we slide in back. 
“You seem to have come up in the world,” I remark.
“Mmm, you might say that.”
I glance about our luxurious ride, half expecting to see Hero skulking in the far regions. He’s gloriously absent. In the driver’s seat beyond the plasti-glass partition, sits a thin, bald man wearing a chauffeur’s cap. He unpleasantly reminds me of Julian. 
Chocolay nudges my arm. When I turn, her face is covered in a sequined, cat-like mask. 
I can’t suppress a flinch. “What’s this about?”
She lowers the thing. “After dinner, we’re having a masked ball. I brought an extra one for you.”
“Sounds charming.”
“You’d be amazed how even the most familiar people can disappear under a mask.”
“I don’t think anybody will mistake who you are.”
She smooths her hand along her gown. “That’s the general idea, Tomasio.”
We motor into a fashionable district and arrive at a large, gleaming building of the classical style. Couples disgorge from other limos out front. Chocolay and I join the procession through the main doors and down a broad hallway. We enter a ballroom—a real one this time, not a junkie haven. 
Crystal chandeliers hang down the middle of the ceiling, and decorative half-pillars jut from pale green walls. A large fireplace reposes on one end, festooned with greenery. The floorboards gleam; long dining tables occupy the perimeter.
We take glasses of sparkling wine from a passing waiter. I look over the crowd—elegant ladies in skimpy gowns, military men wearing bemedaled uniforms, other men in formal dress. My News Service outfit seems rather tame by comparison. 
The room divides itself along generational lines. A subtle air of wantonness attends the more youthful guests, bottled-up eroticism waiting for the champagne cork to pop. A nearby young buck surreptitiously strokes the rear end of his lady.
I give Chocolay’s figure a longing gaze. 
She raises an eyebrow. “Keep it under control, T.”
“This seems a rather edgy crowd for General Benque’s taste.”
“Oh, he’s not coming tonight.”
I think to ask why he’s opting out, though it hardly matters. Perhaps he’s tired of monitoring everybody’s morals. I’m relieved he won’t be here, and not just because he blocks my path to Chocolay. Any time I see the general’s photo in our publications, a concurrent picture of the strangling man comes to mind. Meeting Benque in person would be even more distressing. Yet, I’m not comfortable with this crowd, either. 
A tall, middle-aged man in a general’s uniform approaches. I recognize him from the Penalty Day opening ceremonies. An elegant, somewhat younger woman hangs onto his arm. They make a handsome couple.
“Good evening, Miss Strick,” he says with a courtly bow.
The woman smiles, though she doesn’t seem happy to be in Chocolay’s presence.
“General, Mrs. Neustadt,” Chocolay says, “meet my friend and colleague, Tomasio Hagridoon.”
The general tears his eyes off Chocolay long enough to notice me. “Ah, yes, the famous T.H. I admire your writing.”
“Thank you, sir. Pleased to meet you both.” 
I take his offered hand; the lady nods politely. Neustadt’s smile never wavers, but I detect a sharp knife behind it. No question, he regards me as a rival. 
Set jaw, piercing eyes, domineering posture—the man’s a hard ass, all right, though lacking the cruel veneer of General Benque. Medals glitter on his gray tunic amid the chandelier light. How did he earn so many, as our country has wallowed in peace for decades? I make a mental note to avoid him as much as possible.
The couple moves on, replaced by others come to pay Chocolay homage. Small talk flourishes; I receive passing recognition. Waiters circulate with appetizer trays. Chocolay nibbles a cocktail sausage while I pass on the delicacies.
“You seem to know quite a few people,” I remark.
“Word gets around when you have talent. Why do you think I brought you? Make some connections yourself.”
Yes, she has great talent. Every man in the room is ogling her, while every woman seethes with jealousy.
“How about getting away from all this?” I say.
Her eyebrows go up in mock surprise. “We’re just starting. There’s no telling how far we can go.” An impish smile graces her mouth. “I thought you liked ‘going all the way.’”
I’m going all they way out on a limb and know it, but I must bring up the subject that’s tormenting me. 
“Last night… Bernard took me to see Daryl… the photographer, and—”
Chocolay places a finger on my lips. “Are you forgetting the message? Stick to your job, Tomasio.”
“But—”
She lowers her voice and leans in close. “You’ll have to make a choice soon. I can’t cover for you much longer.”
Her remark strikes my gut a heavy blow. I seek refuge in my wine glass. When the waiter reappears, I grab another one off his tray. The social hour continues, Chocolay greeting more admirers while I remain aloof and monosyllabic.
What the hell am I a part of? 
Everything looks fine on the surface, a cordial gathering of the elite. What’s underneath it, though? Bernard, Daryl, Goner Island, Captain Sitka—our tasteful surroundings conceal brutal realities. I brush at a drop of wine that’s struck my jacket. 
What does my fancy uniform conceal?
Regret slams into me, and the vast room turns suffocating. Why the hell didn’t I flee the country when I had the chance? Recollections of our morning tumble barge into my mind as Chocolay’s sensuous figure brushes against me, and I know quite well why I’m still here.
Savory aromas waft through the air. Chocolay brightens. 
“Time for Dinner. Hope you brought your appetite.”
We head for a table and take our seats by a little placard: 
C. Strick and guest 
My chair has a dark cape flung over the back.
“All the men have those for the mask ball,” Chocolay explains. “They cover up the uniform jackets, hide the decorations.”
I indicate the lone medal dangling from my lapel. “What’s this for, anyway?”
She examines the winged Mercury figure and gives my leg a playful nudge with her knee. “My, he moves fast. Kind of like you.”
An electric thrill shoots through me. Chocolay’s sexual vibe is overwhelming. I hardly know where I am any longer. When I emerge from my daze, I discover that younger men inhabit our table, many of them in civilian dress. Their ladies sport revealing gowns. The senior officers, including General Neustadt, are seated across the room.
We eat through the soup and salad. Waiters wheel up carts laden with main course offerings. They are amply provisioned.
“Try the kabobs.” Chocolay indicates skewers of cubed meat, onion, and pepper.
I view them doubtfully. The meat seems unappetizing, somehow.
“They soak in marinade two full days before they’re cooked,” Chocolay says. “Unless you prefer your meat fresh killed.”
“All right, I’ll try one.” 
The waiter places a small kabob on the edge of my plate and piles the rest of it with other items. Everything is delicious, even the kabob. Chocolay consumes two of them, savoring the marinade and dabbing her lips delicately with a napkin between bites. I concentrate on the lamb chops which are medium-well done, as I prefer. They are every bit as good as the ones at Adolfo’s.
For the first time since getting here, I’m enjoying myself. Table chatter goes on all around, and I exchange pleasantries with the people near us. One guy is an economic planner of some kind. 
“Once we navigate through this period of normalization, things will really pop,” he enthuses. “The sky’s the limit! Right now, we’re getting light industry and small business back on track. Down the road, when foreign investors see the tight ship we’re running…”
He’s a master of mixed metaphors, though somewhat interesting. 
The woman on my left becomes flirtatious. “I like a man who can write well. Tell me, Tomasio, is the pen really mightier than the sword?” She emphasizes “sword” with a two-fingered thrust and a suggestive smile.
Chocolay is not amused. With her free hand, she strokes my groin under the table. “My, our little friend seems ready to come out and play,” she whispers.
All thoughts of the others blow out of my head. Chocolay becomes my whole world. Time passes quickly.

Somebody clinks a glass for silence. General Neustadt rises and gives a brief speech—the usual fluff about how great the government is doing and how it has such concern for “the people.” After the first few sentences, I tune out, only stirring back to join the applause. One or two other brass make statements, then blessedly shut up.
Servers wheel out dessert carts, and we select eclairs. 
“I like the shape of these,” Chocolay observes. “Cream-filled, too.”
“Right, they’re very… symbolic.”
When I’ve finished my pastry, a hand reaches over and sets a wrapped taffy beside my cup. I turn to see the economic planner standing nearby. He gives Chocolay a similar candy.
“Try this,” he says. “It goes well with coffee.”
“You naughty boy,” Chocolay replies. “Does your mother know what you’re up to?”
“Yes, she made these.” 
Laughter issues from the other diners as he continues down the table distributing candies to each one. I pick up the sweet dubiously. 
“No need to unwrap it,” the woman to my left says. “Eat the whole thing.” 
I look to Chocolay. “What is this?”
“Who knows?” She places one in her mouth, covering and all. “Let it be a surprise.” 
I examine the wrapper. “It doesn’t look edible.”
“Hey, do I have a solo gig here or what?” 
My mind rockets back to the first time she said that—in my old apartment when she’d stripped off her clothes before my astonished eyes. I pop the thing into my mouth and chew. The wrapper dissolves in a burst of sweetness while the candy clings to my teeth, sealing my jaws closed.
“Cheers.” Chocolay drinks from her coffee cup.
I do the same. Hot liquid melts the taffy, sending it down my gullet. I feel an instant burst of energy, along with some queasiness.
“Oh…” I lean back in my chair.
“How does it feel?” the woman beside me asks.
“I’m a bit light-headed.”
“That’ll pass.”
Across the room, General and Mrs. Neustadt get up from their table and head for the door. Numerous other senior types follow suit. 
“Good, the fuddy-duds are leaving,” Chocolay says. “We can have some fun now.”
What kind of “fun” does she have in mind? 
I know what I want—a resumption of the joy roll that began on my living room carpet this morning.

30. Masks On
Staffers haul most of the tables through large double doors, clearing the room for dancing. A string sextet, dressed in archaic frock coats and wigs, arranges itself on a low stage.
The room starts revolving. I look at Chocolay. Her already stunning features have blended into a luscious amalgam, a beauty parfait. I stare at her, transfixed.
“Do you like what you see?” She asks, as if from a million miles distant. 
I nod, uncertain if I’m able to speak. 
She dons her sequined mask, giving her eroticism a predator quality. The musicians begin playing a waltz.
“Shall we dance?”
I nod again and rise.
“Not so fast.” She gestures to the cloak draped over my chair.
I put the thing on. It covers my uniform jacket, obscuring my medal. Chocolay slips a mask over my face. I don’t know what it looks like and don’t care to find out. She leads me onto the dance floor. The room continues spinning as we rotate the opposite direction, compelled by the waltz’s insistent beat. 
“You dance well, Tomasio.”
Other couples swirl around us. The women pass in colorful blurs under their glittery face coverings, while the men present dark, hulking figures beneath their robes. The males wear blank white masks with various expressions—smiling, frowning, smirking. The effect is diabolical.
Chocolay whispers in my ear. “Pay no attention to them. Aren’t I enough for you?”
She presses closer, overwhelming me. I breathe her in, and my intoxication increases. She becomes part of the demonic ambiance. 
The waltz finishes, and the orchestra begins an old-fashioned minuet. One of the musicians plays a harpsicord, another blows a high-pitched woodwind. They all wear leering masks.
“What’s this?” 
“Follow my lead,” Chocolay says, “it’s a simplified version.”
She offers her hand and we take our place in line with the other couples. Music floats about the room in brilliant colors. 
We dance up the line, using our “simplified” steps, and release hands. I move back down and take another lady’s hand. She’s wearing a feline mask, like Chocolay’s, with a white feather protruding from one side.
“Who might you be?” she asks in a flirty voice.
Before I can answer, another lady takes her place, then another as we bob along the line. Each woman is the same, except for minor details, like department store dummies clad in various outfits.
Chocolay reappears; no mistaking who she is. I’m getting dizzy and want to leave the floor with her, sit out the remainder of this terrible minuet. A loud crash issuing from behind the double doors grabs my attention. Shouts. Another crash.
“Ignore it,” Chocolay says.
The minuet ends with a baroque flourish. Hard, pulsing music takes over. The band plays screeching electronic instruments and bangs thunderous drums. Dark leathers have replaced their frock coats and powdered wigs. 
Chocolay moves back a few steps, leaving me floundering amid an ocean of brutal music. People around me gyrate in obscene movements, simulating sexual penetration. They take on hunched, grotesque shapes, throwing long shadows across the floor. 
How much of this is real? What’s in that damned candy?  
A fight breaks out between two men. Blows connect, they tumble onto the floor.
“Look at that!” Chocolay cries with delight. “Slug him in the balls!” 
Shrill laughter issues from behind her mask. We maneuver around the struggling pair. 
I take her in my arms and pull her close. “Let’s get away from here, now!”
“Why? The fun’s only starting.”
“General Benque will find out.”
Another piercing laugh. “I don’t think we need to worry about him much longer.”
A chill runs up my spine. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Lighten up, Tomasio.” She moves her lips next to my ear. “Are you in or out?”
Tall, gaunt figures appear on the dance floor. Their masks have drooping countenances and dark eyeholes. One of them takes Chocolay’s hand and starts leading her off.
“Hey!” 
Chocolay laughs. “It’s all right, Tomasio. Come, join us!”
I take a step toward her. For a moment, I see a flash of pleading in Chocolay’s eyes, a cry for help. Wantonness quickly shoves it aside as she dances away with the tall men. 
In a harsh burst of insight, I realize it’s too late to save her. The taffy has cleared away all delusions, and dread curdles my stomach. She won’t come with me, no matter what I try. Should I go with her, it’s to my damnation. As if in a dream, I reluctantly turn away and head for the exit. 
A woman seizes my arm in a vise grip. “Aren’t you going to stay for the unmasking?”
The sockets in her mask are dark and empty. The thought of seeing her naked face fills me with horror. I twist from her grasp and flee the ballroom. Screeching laughter follows me out. In the hallway, I fling my off mask. I don’t dare look at its countenance leering up at me.
Corridors stretch in all directions. I’m lost in a labyrinth of mirrored walls. A man struggles through these mirrors. Is it me? The floor is unstable, the carpet thickens and grips my feet, trying to hold me fast. I tear off the cloak.
How do I get out of here? 
The place had been nothing like this when we’d arrived. It was a banquet hall with a single corridor running between party venues. There were no mirrors. The building was a manageable size. Now it’s a mausoleum palace. I struggle to keep from disintegrating amid a chorus of screams… 
Finally, as my strength is about to fail, I burst out onto the street. Numerous cars wait alongside the curbs. A tall, thin figure stands by a limo, smoking a cigarette. I reel the opposite direction, keeping to the shadows. The hideous drug is wearing off; the pavement becomes more solid under my feet.
After I’ve stumbled along for several minutes, a taxi pulls up. “Need a ride?” the driver calls.
“Yeah.” 
I try to open the back door but can’t manage it. The driver reaches over and does it for me. I flop into the back seat.
“Where to?”
“Revolution Heights.” I yank some money from my pocket and hand it over. “Keep driving around until this is used up.”
He examines the cash, smiling. “Yes, sir. You’re the boss.”
We motor through the night, cruising the upscale neighborhoods. After some failed attempts at conversation, the driver contents himself with humming along to radio music while I sprawl beside the open window gulping in night air. More of the drug wears off, its demonic effects replaced by weariness. The music coming through the speakers sounds almost normal. 
Revolution Heights arrives. I heave myself out of the cab and enter the lobby. The security supervisor sends a bored look my direction through the glass door of his office. 
“Oh, Mr. Hagridoon,” says the front desk attendant.
“Yes?”
He hands me a sealed envelope. “A messenger left this for you.”
What the hell? 
31. History Lesson
Once in my apartment, I leave my cap on the hall table and fling myself onto the sofa. 
My brain is fogged. The last thing I want to do is read, but the envelope stabs my curiosity. Who’s it from? I tear it open with a weary flick of my wrist and withdraw a type-written sheet. The opening line is a zinger.
I am one of the responsible men. We abandoned God, so God has abandoned us.
My head instantly clears. I sit upright.
Let me explain some mysteries. You probably wouldn’t recognize me, “professor,” though I was present when our leader got some toes blown off. The big boss was angry with him and picked me as new head of the East End gang. 
Maskall served as my lieutenant. We followed you once to ensure safe passage through our territory. A dog got shot that day. So, our acquaintance goes back farther than you realize.
During this time, I became more and more disgusted with the growing violence and devil worship in our crew. I wanted out, but how? My criminal lifestyle sucked up everything good. 
My brother had recently been murdered by a different gang, but what did that matter? They’re all servants of the devil. I wanted to smash them! You saw the crowd’s fury on Penalty Day. That’s how I felt.
“Oh, please! Why tell me this?” 
I loosen my tie with a disgusted gesture. The night has been bad enough already. Now I get to read some thug’s self-pity routine? I’m about to toss the paper aside when the next sentence rivets my attention.
General Benque’s daughter started hanging out with us. I tried to get rid of her, but she wouldn’t listen. I told the boys to treat her nice, and they did for a while. Then five of them raped her when I was away.
These five—“the comrades,” as they called themselves—were at the center of the occult worship, always trying to summon the dark powers. Lucinda had disrespected their demonic shrine. They would have killed and dismembered her if I hadn’t come back. None of this would have happened if I’d not been delayed by the shooting incident.
My lips feel dry. I wipe cold sweat off my face. Am I supposed to feel guilty because I delayed his return by defending myself? 
“Screw you all.”
That was the end for me. I fingered the comrades to General Benque. His vengeance was brutal. Next, I removed my tattoos and went to war against all the gangs. I became obsessed with cleaning the filth out of our society. I’d been part of it and had much useful information. 
Julian and others like him appeared. I don’t know who they are or where they came from—they don’t seem human. Maybe they are pure hatred, summoned from hell. Maybe the rapists called them. If so, it didn’t help any. 
I think Benque tapped into the evil force behind the crime and terror. These “shadow men,” as I call them, played a big role in the coup and in crushing the gangs. You might consider them alien beings, demons, the devil’s servants. 
A hand-written note appears in the margin:
They’re as physical as us. I killed two.
The paper trembles in my hands. I cannot take my eyes from it.
Next, I went to Goner Island as a housekeeper. My real job was managing the “hog pen” round up. During this time, I came to realize the shadow men are even worse than we’d been. They are cannibal vampires, feeding on human carnage. How could I have thrown in with them? Well, it’s easy to overlook the means when your ends appear so noble.
They used General Benque as cover. He’s becoming unhinged, addicted to cruelty. Soon he will collapse, leaving Julian and his sort free rein. I don’t know how many there are or where they live. They appear in whatever number necessary.
First, criminals and junkies get wiped out. Who cares? The economy is good... until it isn’t. Then it’s time to go after religious and ethnic minorities, the political minority—anybody on the fringe. Wherever they go, the shadow men seek to devour.
“Damn!” I toss the paper aside like a venomous insect. “That’s some ugly shit.”
“You’ve got that right,” a voice behind me says.
A powerful arm wraps around my neck. A hand thrusts under my jacket and seizes the gun. I tumble off the sofa onto the carpet.

32. Another Surprise Visitor
The pistol barrel glares at me from beyond the sofa—its black mouth wide as a cannon’s. Behind it looms a discolored face and the same  powerfully built man I’d seen on Goner Island.
“Hey, we meet again,” he says cheerily. “Only this time I’ve got the gun.”
A cold death grin contorts his mouth. Is a bullet coming next? I steel myself for the impact, yet none comes. Oddly, I feel no sense of terror, despite my helpless situation. After everything that’s happened tonight, maybe I wouldn’t mind getting shot.
“Relax, Professor.” The blue-face man lowers the gun, and his lethal grimace fades. “I won’t shoot… unless you give me a reason.”
He examines my pistol. “Very nice. Killed anybody with it?”
“How did you get in?”
“Your vaunted security staff?” He waves a dismissive hand. “Fuck ups.”
“So it would seem.” 
“You look uncomfortable down there, Tomasio. Get back on the couch.”
A hand thrusts toward me. The thought of taking it is horrifying, and I struggle up on my own to resume my seat. The blue-face man crosses in front of the sofa and stands confronting me with his back to the entrance hall. His muscular frame reflects in the wall mirror.
He holds my gun lightly, keeping the barrel down, but with an air of professionalism that lets me know he can instantly shoot. Taking care not to provoke a response, I maneuver myself into a less uncomfortable position.
A vast silence falls over the apartment. What the hell am I supposed to say? As I was emerging from drug-induced hallucinations, an even more bizarre reality has thrust into my life. Without the surgical mask, his face displays its full coloration—not a forthright blue, more of a subtle tint that varies when he turns his head, as he’s doing now to give me a sideways glance.
“Have a good time at the banquet?” he asks.
I ignore the mocking question. “What do you want?” 
He shrugs. “I suspect you want to find out a few things. Why else have you been poking around so much?”
“Were you involved with Bernard and Daryl?” I blurt. “How about Captain Sitka?”
“No.” His face twitches, and he averts his eyes. “I wish you hadn’t drawn them in. What were you thinking?”
“Not much…” 
“That’s a continuing problem you have.”
Another silence, more ominous than before. He could finish me off in an instant, but cowering will do me no good. I try to project a brave tone. 
“What’s your real name?”
“Blue-face man will do.”
“All right, blue-face man, tell me one of the things I supposedly want to find out.”
“I can tell you something you don’t want to know.”
“What?”
“The meat kabobs at the banquet, did you like them?”
“They were all right.”
“Did you know they were made from human flesh?”
A chill stabs my neck and scrapes down my spine. An image of the kabobs saturated with marinade takes over my mind. I knew something was wrong. Why didn’t I refuse?
“That’s a lie! General Benque would never allow it.”
He cocks his head, and the skin hue changes slightly. “What makes you think General Benque is really in charge?”
“I know because… because…” 
My stomach revolts, and I vomit onto the carpet.
“I figured you’d appreciate the information. There’s also the matter of those cocktail sausages, but we won’t get into that.”
“If General Benque’s not in charge, who is?” I croak.
“That’s in the manifesto.” He gestures toward the paper which is still lying on the couch. “Don’t make me repeat myself.”
“All right.”
He crosses his arms, gun resting on top. “This is school night. If you’ve got any new questions, I’ll answer them.”
My stomach heaves again, but nothing comes up. The blue-face man grins. I’m too queasy to feel humiliated. I wipe my brow with the back of a hand.
“You look like crap, Tomasio. Better fix yourself a drink. And drop a towel over that puke.”
“Thanks.” I slide down the sofa away from the vomit puddle and hobble over to the bar. “You want anything?”
“Better not. Alcohol and guns don’t mix.”
Speaking of guns, the Mauser is close by. I’d jammed my shoulder bag into the liquor cabinet last night at the onset of my binge. For a crazy moment, I consider pulling the gun out. No. He’d shoot me to pieces before I could bring it to bear. Instead, I pour a glass of carbonated water with a twist of lemon.
I drop two dish towels over the puke and resume my seat on the couch as far away as possible. “All right, I have a question.”
“Make it a good one.”
“How come your face is blue?”
“Well… ” He scratches his head with the gun barrel. “Like all pushers, the shadow men give you what you want. I wanted to erase my tattoos and my past life, so Julian gave me a special salve.”
He pulls up a sleeve, revealing an unblemished arm.
“With three applications, it smears away all traces of ink. I decided to stop at two applications for my face.”
“Why?”
He grins, and a semi-mad gleam enters his eyes. His canine teeth are unnaturally pointed. For the first time, I’m truly scared.
“How to put this?” he says. “If I cleared off my face, I’d look like a normal human being, and I’m not really there anymore. Nothing can erase my past life.”
My throat is suddenly parched. I slug down some water. Another question pops into my mind.
“Did you know Chocolay?”
“Yeah, very well.” The hard face cracks into a smile. “Does she still have that skull I gave her—the one with the red eyes?”
“Can’t say.”
“It was her safe pass. Anybody who harmed her could expect his own skull to be exposed.” The smile fades. “Guess she doesn’t need it anymore.” 
The thought of her cavorting with this freak makes me shudder, though I’m hardly surprised. Ask a question, get an answer. 
“If these ‘shadow men’ are as dangerous as you say, General Benque must be warned.”
“Perhaps he doesn’t want to be warned.” 
My once comfortable apartment is cold and full of echoes. The blue-face man exhales a heavy sigh into it. “Anything else?”
I need a long slug of water before replying. “It says here you killed two shadow men. When was that?”
“Tonight, at the banquet. You heard the racket in the kitchen? I reached another breaking point.”
The apartment turns even bleaker. “You should leave the country. Spread the word, warn people.”
“Too late for that.” He shrugs. “I’d still be dragging the same person around everywhere I went, and I’m sick of him. Who’d listen, anyway? I’ll leave the warnings to somebody else—you, for instance.”
“Me?” 
“You’re the journalist. Why else do you think I came here?” 
“So… you’re giving me an assignment.”
“Something like that.” He gestures to the fireplace. “Burn the manifesto if you’ve finished reading. Not good if it’s found on you.”
I move to the fireplace where I light the paper and its envelope. They burn with unnatural speed, as if they never belonged on this level of reality. Almost no ash remains.
“What are you going to do now?” I ask.
“Better be going.” The blue-face man glances at my wall clock. “It seems I’ve overstayed my welcome.”
He walks into the entry hall and examines himself in the mirror.
“I don’t recall welcoming you here.”
He turns back, chuckling mirthlessly. “That’s right. I’m an intruder, and you’d be justified in shooting me.” 
He holds up my gun and studies it, as if appraising a valuable piece of jewelry. Then he offers it to me, butt first. 
“Why don’t you?”
I flinch back. “What?”
He withdraws the weapon. “I figured you lacked the nerve, Tomasio. Not that I hold it against you.” 
The blue-face man places the gun barrel into his mouth.
“Wait!”
He pulls the trigger. Blood and brains splatter onto the mirror behind him. His body thuds on the carpet.

33. Police Inquiry
“Oh!” 
My hand flies to the mantle piece to keep me from toppling over. I grope my way to the sofa as my knees give out. The room spins amid the stench of violent death. I can hardly breathe. 
Blood running down the mirror makes a ghastly sight for my unfocused eyes. My cap, still sitting on the hall table, is covered with gore. An indeterminate amount of time passes through my numbed brain.
Commotion erupts in the corridor outside. Alarms wail, and men pound on the door. 
“Open up! Security!”
I force myself off the couch. “One moment, please.”
Heavy bodies slam against the door. I manage to yank it open before the men can bash their way in.
“What happened?” a beefy guard inquires, gun drawn. 
Neighbors and other security staff lurk in the background, trying to peer around him. I open the door wider and indicate the blasted corpse sprawled on the carpet.
“This… gentleman blew his brains out. Please remove the body.”
The guard’s eyes widen. “You’d better come to the office, sir.”
He leads the way to the elevator. I dislike the thought of entering with him but know I’m unable to navigate the stairs on my rubbery legs. The car sags as we get in. The face staring back at me from the mirrored wall is ashen. 
We descend to the lobby and enter the security office. The granite-faced shift supervisor parked behind his desk motions me to a chair. I notice with some trepidation that it’s fastened to the floor. I pull whatever rank I might possess.
“I’ve had a bad shock. Please give me a more comfortable seat.”
He studies me a few seconds over his steepled fingers. There’s intelligence behind his narrow eyes, like that of a thuggish professor. 
“Very well, take the couch.”
“Thank you.”
I position myself on a black leather sofa, the same model as the one in my apartment.
“Cigarette?” the supervisor offers.
“Better not, I might pass out.”
How the world has changed since I last saw this man glowering after me as I escorted Chocolay from the building. He’s no friend. I’ve decided on my story, though. Keep to the facts as much as possible; play the confused and overwhelmed victim. Well, the last part requires no effort.
“What happened up there?” the supervisor asks.
“Some lunatic was waiting for me in my apartment.” I open my jacket to display the empty holster. “He jumped me and took my gun.” 
“Uh huh. What then?”
I fix a withering glare on the supervisor. “How did he get in? Why wasn’t he stopped?”
This hits him. His cold, intimidating gaze wavers, and he sinks back into his chair. 
He tries to recover. “Well… we’re a bit short-staffed tonight, and… I’m asking the questions here.”
“Are you?” I’ve taken the upper hand and don’t intend to give it up. “I’d heard the security here was first rate. Seems I was misinformed.”
The guy is fully on the defensive now. He shoots a furious glance at the other men standing about the office. “What are you hanging around here for? Get back to your posts!”
They scurry away like chastened dogs. My own confidence barges to the fore, and my unsteadiness retreats behind it.
The supervisor turns back to me. “What happened next?”
“You’ve called the police?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll tell them the rest of the story. Listen in if they let you.”
My victory is complete. Heads will roll over this. Maybe his ugly noggin will be included.
Shortly afterwards, a detective arrives with a patrolman. Thank heaven, they’re only city cops and not state secret police. The knot in my stomach loosens a bit as I straighten my uniform and adjust my tie to appear as impressive as possible. 
The patrolman takes an unobtrusive position in a corner. The detective beckons the supervisor into the lobby where they confer a few minutes. Then the detective returns alone and sits across from me in the desk chair.
He maintains an impassive face. No attempt to beguile me with a ‘sympathetic’ demeanor. “I was told that somebody broke into your apartment, disarmed you, and then shot himself with your gun. Is this correct?”
“Yes.”
“What else?”
I go into my spiel. “The intruder was deranged, ranting about how he’d abandoned God and God had abandoned him. I was so terrified, I puked on the floor. This upset the guy, and he told me to cover up the mess. He even had me pour a drink for myself.”
The detective merely gazes at me, without so much as a nod of his bullet head with the thinning hair. I continue.
“When I’d returned earlier from the state banquet—attended by General Neustadt and other top officials—an envelope containing gibberish demands waited for me at the desk.” 
This mention of General Neustadt has the desired effect. My interrogator cocks an eyebrow and leans back slightly in his chair. He knows he dealing with a man who has connections.
“Supposedly, a messenger delivered the envelope,” I continue. “The intruder kept saying I should publicize these grievances, shout them to the world. 
“He must have thought I can do anything at the information ministry. When I tried to explain I couldn’t help, he had me incinerate his ‘manifesto’ in the fireplace. Then he asked me to shoot him. When I refused, he put the gun into his mouth and pulled the trigger.”
The detective nods. For a moment I think he’s about to say something. Instead, he motions for me to continue. 
“I don’t know how the man got in. Who can predict what a lunatic will do? Why the hell didn’t the guards stop him?” I cast a resentful glance at the shift supervisor who is observing through the glass door. He flinches.
The questions start—rapid fire, coming from different angles, designed to trip me up. My story never varies, and it has the ring of conviction. Why not? It’s all true, if not the entire truth. The bleak process is time consuming. Just when I’m thinking I’ll never get out of the office, the detective stands.
“That’s all for now, Mr. Hagridoon. Make sure you’re available to answer any future queries.”
“I will. Thank you, Detective.”
The police leave, taking my gun with them for forensics testing. A security man accompanies me to my apartment. The corpse has been removed, and I step over the bloody carpet stain to get in. 
“Stop by the office later,” the guy says. “We’re arranging temporary quarters for you until this mess is cleaned up.”
“Right.”
The place has not been ransacked, fortunately, so my uniform and alibi must carry some weight. I retrieve my shoulder bag and get out quick. Whatever else happens, General Benque must be warned.
Out on the street, I flag a cruising taxi and head for the presidential palace. 

34. Warning Mission
Disjointed thoughts torment my brain as I motor through the darkened city. 
How much of the blue-face man’s story is true? 
A big part of me wants to deny the whole thing. The world simply can’t work that way. I’ve got the proof of my own experience, though, and the blue-face man staked his life on his account’s veracity. That sonuvabitch! He should have blown his brains out someplace else. Now I’m under suspicion.
Is the general all right? 
He’s already half mad, pushed over the edge by grief and lust for revenge. What’s the alternative to his leadership, though? What do I say to him—assuming I can get inside the palace? 
Chocolay. 
I was a fool to abandon her at that horrible masked ball! The taffy drove me away. Despite my pain, I know this isn’t true. Our country teeters on the brink of damnation, and she has chosen to stand on the precipice. Nothing I do or say can pull her back.
The police remain a looming threat. So far, I’ve been successful with my alibi. How much longer will that last? Bamboozling the city cops is one thing, the State Security Police are quite another if they get involved. Then there are the shadow men. Chocolay said she couldn’t cover for me anymore. Am I to be the next Captain Sitka?
I grip the shoulder bag like a precious child. In this world turned crazy, it’s the only thing I might rely upon. Every time I close my eyes and try to relax, images well up of the blue-face man pulling the trigger—his blood and brains streaming down the mirror. My eyes wrench back open, from one nightmare into another.
The driver doesn’t interrupt my distressed thoughts with attempts at chatter. He’s the reserved type, or maybe he’s tired—an elbow poked out the rolled-down window, a glowing cigarette in his finger tips.
“Let me out here,” I direct, while we’re still two blocks away.
“Aren’t you going to the presidential palace?”
Stupid!
Yes, I did tell him that. The less he knows, the better, if he’s not to end up like Bernard. 
“Up there is fine, this side of the street light.”
The driver pulls over. I pay the fare, including a large tip, and get out with my bag. I speak in a low voice outside the open passenger window. 
“You never saw me, right?”
He waves a bored cigarette hand. “As you wish, sir.”
“For your own safety, don’t speak to anyone about this trip.”
This penetrates his taciturn aloofness. He’s suddenly alert, eyes wide. 
“Yes, sir.” 
He executes a quick U turn and disappears back the way we came. I straighten my uniform, trying to look as important as possible. 
What the hell am I supposed to do now?
The street is empty and silent. Massive government structures gleam dully under the streetlights. I walk toward the palace, listening to my shoes clack on the pavement, until I’m by the parliament building with its shrubbery and unkempt lawn. Parliament hasn’t sat for years, and the disused building hulks in the darkness behind me like a slain dinosaur.
Looking toward the presidential palace across the street, I can see the gate to the underground parking garage is open. The dark passage behind it leers menacingly. No guard is about. I take concealment behind a large shrub and focus my binoculars on the palace. 
Nothing stirs. The hideous garage cavern affronts the world, seeking to gulp the night into itself. I shudder to recall my descent into it with Julian and my introduction to Benque’s murderous obsessions. The palace is mostly dark with only an occasional dim light glowing from the upper windows. 
As I’m about to advance from my position, two figures emerge from the garage. Both are tall and thin, clad in hooded robes. They take places on either side of the maw and stand at rigid attention. My hand reaches inside the bag for the Mauser.
Should I confront them? Get the hell out? Put the gun to my head? 
Six: Seeking an Exit
35. The General Goes Home
General Albrecht Benque sat alone in his basement den staring at the blank wall. 
Behind him in the darkened room, a projector spun its reel uselessly, the film tail making a soft clack, clack. A dusty light beam shot through the lens. The final showing of the Penalty Day documentary had ended, bringing no more relief to him than the in-person executions had. 
Benque sipped from his whiskey glass and contemplated the revolver lying on a side table. 
My goals are accomplished. Why wait?
He reached for the firearm, withdrew his hand, drank more whiskey. The bright wall ahead no longer shone blank. It now displayed the faces of precious Althea and Lucinda. They beckoned to him with gentle hands. Come join us.
The overhead light flicked on, and the projector went dead. Images of Benque’s loved ones still hovered in the air. He twisted away from them to behold Julian standing nearby bearing a tray with a small silver cup.
Julian drew closer, placing himself between the general and the black curtain on the opposite wall. “I believe this will fulfill your requirements, sir.”
Benque set down his whiskey glass. “It’s not the same as Althea took, is it?”
“No, sir, it will bring instant relief.”
The general lifted the silver cup and swirled its contents. The liquid emitted a fruity, pleasant odor, a sweet promise of release.
“You’re sure about that, Julian?”
“Quite sure.”
“Very well. That will be all.”
Julian turned to leave.
“And thank you,” Benque added.
“You are most welcome, sir.”

On the far side of the door, Julian and his companion—a creature who looked much like himself—peered in through the tiny window, each riveting an eyeball on the scene within. They observed General Benque raise the silver cup to his lips and drink deeply. Moments later, his features slackened, and the cup tumbled onto the carpet.
“Very fast acting,” Julian’s companion observed.
“Yes…”
“You seem regretful.”
“He was the best of them,” Julian said. “I want him interred with full honors.”
“Yes, my leader.”

36. Flight
A long, black car emerges from the underground—the general’s private limo with the seal of the republic painted on its flanks and hood. I’d seen it before, during my first visit.
The vehicle moves slowly, accompanied by a half dozen Julian look-alikes on either side—all of them clad in dark robes. They seem like pall bearers.
It’s a funeral procession!  
My binoculars cannot see through the limo’s dark-tinted windows, but I’m certain General Benque’s corpse lies within. Low, dull moans issue from the ‘shadow men,’ chilling me to the core. I can’t be sure if there’s any real sound or not. The moaning echoes inside my skull beneath the level of actual hearing.
The two figures flanking the gate hold out their arms in stiff salute as the car gains the street and drives off through the night. The others move alongside while the vehicle picks up speed, striding faster than ordinary men would seem capable. 
I drop to the ground behind the shrub and lie gasping. The damp odor of soil and evergreen foliage penetrates my nostrils. A frightful eternity passes. When I dare look out again, the street is empty and the garage door closed. I scramble up and flee.
Have I been spotted? Is somebody following? 
In my concern for the driver’s safety, I’ve left myself without transportation. For all my efforts at stealth, my footsteps echo like cannon blasts on the adjacent buildings. Any moment I expect to hear the sounds of pursuit as I rush down the funereal boulevard. I duck down a side street.
Two blocks on, a cab is parked in an alleyway near the vague illumination of a streetlamp. I approach the vehicle cautiously, one hand inside my bag. The driver is leaned back behind the wheel, enjoying the oral ministrations of a woman sprawled along the seat. I knock on the window. 
He rolls it down irritably. “I’m off for the night.”
“That’s for sure,” the girl mumbles from his nether region.
I shove the Mauser into the driver’s face. “Get out, both of you.”
My gun isn’t cocked, yet it still gets the point across. 
The driver holds up his hands. “All right, don’t shoot, eh?”
He hurriedly zips his fly and opens the door. His lady friend exits the passenger side. She’s drunk and annoyed. An angry frown attends her face.
“No fair!” she complains. “I didn’t get to come yet.”
“Keys,” I demand.
The driver offers a keyring. I grab it and press a wad of cash into his hand. “Unless you want to die horrible, don’t tell anyone about this. I’ll park in the open, keys in the trunk.”
He gapes at the money. “Whatever you say, mister.”
“How about something for me?” the girl says.
“Here.” I toss her a bill and jump behind the wheel. 
She examines the money under the dim streetlamp. “Mmm, nice… want me to come with you?”
I address the driver. “As far as you know, some punks took your car on a joy ride, got it?” 
“Yeah.”
“Hold on a sec.” The girl waves a piece of paper. “Here’s my phone number.”
The engine fires up and I drive away. A look at the gauge indicates the fuel is getting low. Damn! Everything in this car has been sucked off. 
I motor through the dead city, headed north. At every intersection, I expect a police car to appear. I look for pursuing shadow men. My eyes are on the rearview mirror so much that I nearly drive into the curbs.
No one is following, thank God.
With every peek at the fuel gauge, the needle drops farther toward empty. Why didn’t that guy fill the tank earlier? Guess he had other things on his mind. Maybe I should buy some gas.
No, that would be suspicious as hell—man in an official uniform driving a car with green plates and “Taxi” painted on each flank. I may as well use a siren to draw attention.
I must stick with the original plan, if this half-baked venture can be considered a “plan”—ditch the vehicle on the city edge and continue on foot, trusting to luck. The car lurches when I accelerate after a red light. Is it preparing to konk out? I’m still in mid town! 
At last, my nerves almost shot, I enter an affluent subdivision on the northern outskirts. The engine consumes its last fuel and dies. I drift to a curb.
Made it!  
Now that the pressure is temporarily off, exhaustion descends on me. It’s quickly replaced with high agitation. My hands tremble on the steering wheel. 
God, could I use a drink. 
By an extraordinary dispensation, a partially drained whiskey bottle lies on the passenger side—testament to the interrupted party. I pour a slug down my throat, sprinkle some over the seat, and toss the bottle onto the floor. This, along with the empty gas tank, should give credence to the joy-ride narrative.
I open the door and step outside. The dome light is burned out and does not betray my presence. My back feels as if a mule trotted over it. I stretch some life into the aching muscles.
Opulent homes with classical-type columns fill the gloom between street lights. Down the winding pavement, a house under construction thrusts skeleton timbers into the night. The whole neighborhood has a new look with its fresh concrete and little trees growing on the lawns. 
Are eyes observing me through those darkened windows? A dog barks somewhere, urging me to action.
When I pop the trunk, another bit of luck presents itself. A jacket lies folded on the spare tire, along with a cap. The jacket fits all right and is far less noticeable than my uniform tunic. The workman style cap augments my disguise. I drop in the keys and close the trunk lid quietly. 
In a day or two, people will wonder why a taxi is parked here and will call it in. The driver can then retrieve his vehicle. Unless he’s talked to the shadow men—in which case he probably won’t be needing transportation. I begin walking at a brisk pace.
Soon, I’m out of the subdivision and moving through open country headed west along a secondary road—toward the border. A fantastic chorus of insect noises attends the air; a bright half moon illuminates my course. 
God! This the same night Chocolay picked me up in the apartment building lobby. My whole world has been shattered during these hours.
As a city man, I’m not used to nocturnal brushes with nature and find the ambiance distressing. Elongated moon shadows lunge across the narrow dirt road. Add to this the traumatic experiences of this night, my physical exhaustion and hunger. Recollections of the banquet fare make my empty stomach heave. I draw the jacket more tightly around myself and keep my hand inside the shoulder bag, resting on the Mauser. Hours pass, measured by my weary legs.
As dawn approaches, I enter a patch of woods and try to sleep. My uniform tunic makes for a blanket, my arm a pillow. Chocolay’s face hovers above me in the darkness—the desperate look in her eyes before lust overwhelmed her. Ever since leaving the presidential palace, I’ve run on autopilot, executing my escape attempt with little forethought. Now I must face the reality of my choice. 
It was the only possible one. If I’d remained, I would have shared Chocolay’s fate. She is lost forever. Perhaps I’m lost, too, but I will hang onto my soul, come what may.

37. A New Day
Morning finds me humping along the westbound road, hungry and discouraged. 
Grim overcast smothers the sky. Mosquito bites cover my body. The mule was at work again last night, digging in its hooves as I tried to sleep. My back feels like it belongs to someone ninety years old.
 What the hell am I doing in this God-forsaken area? 
I consider returning home. Memories of Daryl and Captain Sitka quickly drive out such thoughts. 
A turn of fortune beckons when I spot a young man riding slowly up behind me on a bicycle. He appears a good-natured type with blond hair and a sunny disposition, totally unaware of what’s in store for him. 
I pull my cap down and conceal the lower part of my face with lining material ripped from my tunic. As he passes, I grab the rear carrier.
“Hey!” The man comes to a stop.
He gets off and prepares to slug me. The Mauser settles things—although, as during my previous theft, I haven’t chambered a round. The man’s expression turns from rage to fear, and he holds up his hands.
“Gimme the bike,” I say in a rough, disguised voice. “Buy a new one.”
I shove a wad of cash at him, enough to purchase two such machines. He lowers a hand and takes the money, astonishment edging the fear off his face. 
“It’s yours. Put that gun away, all right?”
I issue my standard warning. “I don’t plan to hurt you. Others will, though, if you talk. Trust me; they’ll kill you.” 
A frown creases his face. “Got it.”
“Now move.” I gesture down the road with the gun barrel. “On the double!”
When he’s jogged a safe distance away, I mount and take off fast. The handlebar mirror provides a final glimpse of him, still trotting back the way he’d come.
Thank God nobody got hurt. 
I’ve not ridden a bike since childhood yet have no problem controlling it. The machine becomes a part of me, along with the gun. I skim along the bumpy, pot-holed road like it’s a smooth causeway. The miles pass.
* * *
Good fortune attends me over the next week as I approach the border. My bike is a three-speed model and has been well maintained. A pump attached to its frame keeps the tires at optimal pressure. The seat bag contains tools and oil, along with a spare inner tube. 
My clothes identify me as an unremarkable working-class type. Beard stubble covers my face. The cap hides my premium hair styling, which is going to seed, anyway. No one pays me any particular attention. I purchase food at village markets where I keep my ears tuned for gossip. Nothing about fugitive alerts. No talk about rewards being offered for information on a high-profile suspect. No ‘Wanted’ posters. I’m vaguely insulted by my lack of notoriety. 
There is much grumbling about the continuing drought that has impacted farm prices. Customers try to bargain without success. The sellers only shrug and blame the weather. A lot of produce is being imported, they say. As a former city man and member of the ruling class, I’d been insulated against such things. Whether it rained or not was a matter of indifference to us. I keep my mouth shut and pay the asked for amounts. 
Other items are available at resale shops, including a rain poncho and blankets for the outdoor nights. A proletarian canvas model replaces my designer shoulder bag, and a drug store supplies precious insect repellent. I’m as comfortable as can reasonably be expected. Not that the situation is all that “reasonable.” I give in to temptation once and spend the night at a village inn luxuriating in warm water and a comfortable bed.
At times, this seems almost a tourist excursion—riding the narrow lanes, fording an occasional stream. The handlebar compass points the way, and a gas station map I found discarded in a ditch measures my progress. 
Is it possible my scheme will succeed? Are my fears of pursuit unfounded? It’s a common error to inflate one’s importance. Maybe I’ve done that. Perhaps no one gives a damn whether I leave the country or not. The idea is comforting and annoying at the same time. Anyhow, it’s better to be a live nobody than a notable corpse.
During thousands of pedal turns, my thoughts revolve around Chocolay. The same arguments run through my mind. Was it right to abandon her at the mask ball? Did I really abandon her, or is that the rumbling of a guilty conscience? A man in my situation cannot afford a guilty conscience, yet I can’t help wondering if I could have made a difference in her life, pulled her off the dangerous path she followed. 
Finally, I settle upon a ‘3 Cs’ approach. I didn’t cause her various actions. I tried to change her behavior and failed spectacularly. I can’t cure the madness that boils inside her. So, I should be able to keep her in perspective—except for a fourth C. I still care about her.
That flash of pleading in her eyes before she swept off with the shadow men, a last reaching out. Did she know what those cocktail sausages and kabobs were made of? She certainly relished eating them. Should I have pulled her away from those monsters and hustled her off at gun point? I keep returning to my original conclusion: There was nothing I could have done for her. Whatever depravity she descends to will be her own doing.
I keep pedaling toward a new life. As much as I want to glide into sunny optimism, I have the nagging feeling my luck cannot hold.

38. Encounters
According to my map, I’m scarcely a hundred miles from the border.
A trained athlete on a racing bike could punch through in a single day. My capabilities are substantially less. Even so, I’m feeling confident as I pedal along, a gentle breeze at my back and trees arching overhead. My odyssey to the frontier will soon be over! 
The previous night passed uncomfortably with rain leaking through my flimsy shelter of sticks and plastic sheeting, penetrating my clothes. For a few panicked moments, I feared the wind would carry off my makeshift tent. Well, I never claimed to be Mr. Outdoorsman.
Now the sun is out. Aside from the occasional muddy spot, there’s no evidence of last night’s rain. The air is fresh and bracing, carrying pleasant memories and the promise of a fine day. Thoughts of Chocolay occupy my mind. I can almost see her riding beside me, her raven hair flowing in the wind, the two of us heading off to a wonderful new life…
My tires skid on a mud patch, and the bike runs into a pothole. The impact throws me sprawling onto the road. I scramble to my feet. 
“Damn!”
The pothole is much deeper than its surface area suggests. The collision has blown out the front tire. A sense of injustice chokes me. Why now, when I’m closing in my goal? I seize the offending bicycle and make to hurl it away in a burst of righteous anger.
Calm down, T, it’s your own fault. 
No it’s not! Chocolay is to blame. If she hadn’t distracted me, I’d have been watching the road instead of staring off into space.
I push aside the dubious comfort of a tantrum and inspect the damage. One spoke is twisted, another broken, and the rim has a dent. There’s no way a fresh inner tube can correct this situation. I briefly consider abandoning the machine. That would only compound the stupidity, though. 
A small town is close by. I’d intended to avoid the place; now I turn my steps toward it, leading the wounded bike and cursing myself with every step. 

It’s a typical down-at-heel town with shabby storefronts, dreary streets, and men idling about—similar to the old East End neighborhood before it got demolished. The economic boom of the capital city has not reached this far, apparently. I enter a dingy little repair shop where two middle-aged men are standing around talking. They cast me disinterested glances and return to their conversation.
“I’m telling you, the state lottery is rigged,” one of them says. “Best put your money on the street numbers.”
“What street numbers?” the other replies. “The people selling ‘em disappeared some time ago. Good riddance, I say.”
“You sound like our late president.”
“Damn right, rest his soul.”
The owner emerges from the back workroom. He appears the stubborn sort, like Captain Sitka, with a head of white hair and a set face that’s been staring at too many bicycles over the years.
“What can I do for you, young fellow?”
I indicate my front wheel. He steps around the counter and examines it.
“That’s a nasty ding. I can fix it up good, though. It’ll be ready this afternoon.”
“Can’t you do it faster?” I say, perhaps a bit too sharply. “How long does it take for a repair like this?”
The man eyes me with offended dignity. “Not long. There’s a backlog, though.”
“I’m in a hurry. I’ll pay double if you do mine first.”
The old guy cocks an eyebrow above his spectacles. “Begging your pardon, but you don’t seem the type who’s got a lot of cash to sling around.”
Irritated, I yank a large denomination bill from my pocket. “Will this do?”
Both his eyebrows go up. The two other customers glance my way, halting their discussion.
Idiot! I immediately regret my impulsiveness. 
“With that kind of money, why not buy a new bike?” the owner says. “Next town over has a retail shop.”
I thrust the bill back into my pocket. “I’ve had a bit of luck is all… playing the lottery.”
“Uh huh.” The owner looks toward the two men. “Is it alright with you if I give priority to this gentleman’s repair?”
“Sure, we ain’t ‘in a hurry,’” one of them says, rather acidly.
“All right, young fellow, your bike will be ready in half an hour.”
“Thanks.” 
I heft my canvas bag and move toward the exit under the suspicious gaze of three pairs of eyes.
“Where does he get off?” I hear somebody mutter on my way out the door.
I head to the market to buy provisions, using coins and small bills for my purchases. Everyone seems to be watching me as I visit the various stands. That can’t be true; it’s my reawakened paranoia acting up. No one is really paying me any attention. There is much talk about the rain. It was a welcome relief, people say, though not nearly enough to end the drought. Maybe a bit more today, then a return to dry conditions.
After thirty minutes, I return to the repair shop. The previous customers are blessedly absent. I retrieve my bicycle, pay the double price, and leave town.  

Paranoia rides with me for some miles before my anxieties lessen. Who can remain upset on such a gorgeous day? I overtake a man riding a bike similar to mine. He’s a working-class sort, as I supposedly am. His checked pants contrast with his tattered brown jacket. He seems harmless enough. We exchange nods as I pass. Nobody else is on the road, which suits me fine.
I enter an area of extensive forest, the Sandy Wood nature preserve according to my map. It extends for miles in all directions and encompasses thousands of acres. I ride along its gently rolling terrain, enjoying the natural beauty and inhaling woodland fragrances. 
My spirit soars ahead to better times; concurrently, I feel a deep sense of loss. This is my country, which I’ve grown to appreciate after so many years of indifference. Soon I will leave it forever. The thought tugs at my heart and brings a tear to my eye. I brush it away. 
Enjoy the moment, T. Let the future take care of itself. 
Another mile of relative contentment passes under my wheels. The sky is clouding up, threatening renewed rain. Hopefully, it won’t be too severe, and I can keep traveling. 
A chance look into the handlebar mirror reveals a low, dark automobile creeping up behind. It progresses noiselessly, throwing no dust cloud. The driver is invisible behind the darkly tinted windshield. An alarm siren howls in my mind. I pour on the speed, not daring to look back.
A trailhead appears on the right. I turn into it, pedaling through the woods as fast as possible, negotiating ruts, stones, and protruding roots. My breath comes in ragged gasps. 
I’ve been betrayed!  
Those men in the repair shop must have called the authorities. Or maybe that bimbo with the taxi driver ratted me out. It hardly matters. By some miracle, I keep moving despite all obstacles. Picker bushes clawing my jacket fail to drag me off the bike. Faster and faster… 
The trail dead ends at a narrow creek. I dismount and walk the bike upstream. After an extended slog through calf-deep water, the way becomes too rocky and steep to continue. I pull the bike into the thick forest along the bank and pause to regain my breath. Greenery embraces me. Some of my fear retreats into it. 
Have I lost them?  
The respite does not last long. Amid the sounds of gurgling water and rustling leaves, other noises intrude—cold and predatory ones as of a hell hound’s approach. Abandoning my bike to the underbrush, I move deeper into the woods and hunker down to watch the creek from concealment. I attach the wooden stock to the Mauser and switch the weapon to full automatic.
Time passes.
Good fortune abandons me as two shadow men appear, walking along the streambed. One is striding upright and carrying a rifle; the other is on all fours, sniffing like a dog. Their faces are crimson, unlike the ashen pallor I’d seen before. A massive bolt of terror slams into me. 
The diabolical pair moves beyond my viewpoint. Dare I hope they are gone for good? 
They soon return. The standing one extends his neck until its fully twice the previous length. He trills a high-pitched noise I can barely hear. All other sound disappears as the forest holds its breath. An answering warble comes from downstream.
Two more shadow men approach—one upright with a gun, another dog-walking through the water. They all hold a conference on the far side of the creek. The trackless forest behind me is dense. Any attempt at escape would be fumbling and noisy. A bullet would strike my back before I could go five steps. I can only hunker down and wait.
One of the all-fours creepers rotates its head 180 degrees to examine the tree tops. I almost cry out with horror and revulsion. The head twists back around and looks toward the area where I concealed my bike. The creature breaks into a high-pitched wail that nearly shatters my spirit.
The standing ones crouch low, guns at the ready. A heavy boot of discouragement crushes me down. 
What’s the use? I’m cornered.  
They’ll never take me alive, though. As if by its own accord, the Mauser barrel turns toward me until it rests under my chin. My trigger finger vibrates.
All the shadow men are screeching now, pointing my direction. They splash into the creek, heading for me. My suicidal paralysis departs. I leap from concealment and open fire.

39. The New Normal
Chocolay nestled close to General Derek Neustadt on the freshly reupholstered seat of the presidential limo. This new leader was a hot-blooded, vigorous man—very different from the cool and prudish General Benque whose death had saddened the nation. 
Always, she’d been enamored with power. First the gang connection, where she could give free rein to her lusts. Then the Benque regime with its sexual straight jacket, and finally here—tied to a single will. Through it all wove Tomasio, her one chance for true love. 
Why did he leave? Why did I drive him away? 
She tried to push him out of mind, only partially succeeding. Getting ahead in this world required choices, and she’d made hers. Still… 
She kissed Neustadt’s cheek and whispered in his ear. “What are you thinking, Derry?”
He smiled. “I’m thinking we need another chief writer for the News Service. What’s your recommendation?”
Chocolay hesitated. Renewed memories of T.H. flooded into her mind, sparking intense emotional and sexual longings. She lowered her face, as if in deep thought, and brushed at a tear, pretending she was smoothing her makeup. A more sensitive man than the general would have noticed her distress.
I hope Tomasio made it out safe—wherever he’s going.
“Let me think about it a while,” she said quietly. “I’ll get back to you soon.”
The general nodded. “All right.”
With a strong effort of will, Chocolay regained control of her roiling emotions. She settled back into the luxurious leather and tried to savor her achievements. After so many convolutions and dead-ends, she’d finally reached the top. 
Her beauty and poise cemented her status as paramour to the country’s president—a man of voracious sexual appetites who gave her the leading role in his female entourage. She alone possessed the intelligence to engage him on more than a hedonistic level. The other girls were mere fuck buddies. And his wife… well, she kept to her station, making no waves.
Chocolay’s status came at a price, though. She had to practice a monogamy the general did not apply to himself. No more wild parties or trysts with doctors and cab drivers. Not to mention Tomasio. He’d really loved her, and now he was gone. It was so unfair.
Men! 
Neustadt reached over and squeezed her knee. “I’ve postponed the cabinet meeting a few hours.”
She knew what that meant. The general wanted to get his rocks off with her before conducting routine government business. He might even have arranged for a threesome, or more. 
The general tapped the intercom button.
“Sir?” Julian said from the driver’s seat on the far side of the plasti-glass.
“Have some snacks and two bottles of brandy sent to my private quarters… the usual.”
“Yes, Mr. President.”
Two bottles? Chocolay thought irritably. It’ll be a threesome, at least.
Chocolay caught a glimpse of Julian’s face in the rearview mirror. It wore an odd, hungry expression that chilled her. The limousine arrived at the presidential palace. The door to the subterranean garage rasped open as they descended into the gloom.

40. Realization
Everything he said is true. 
Up to this point, a big corner of my mind simply couldn’t accept the blue-face man’s account. Now it does.
This realization comes to me as I stand over the shadow men, having sprayed twenty rounds their direction. Incredibly, I’d hit them all. Two appear dead, a third barely moves. The fourth stares up at me through blazing red eyes and begins to shriek. A monster from pre-history would have sounded like that.
Even in his reduced state, the shadow man emits psychic power. Again, I feel a strong temptation to turn the gun upon myself. The creature stretches its neck toward me, snapping its jaws. I move away, reload, and fire two bullets into its skull, then into the three other crimson heads. The spell vanishes, replaced by a flood of gratitude for the gift of life I’ve been granted and, foolishly, had almost discarded.
As I pull my bike out of concealment, the thought of taking a rifle with me occurs. When I look back, however, the corpses are hissing and steaming, evaporating into the befouled air. Nothing would compel me to return. 
“How’re you guys doing?” I sneer at the vanquished foe. “Did you like the welcoming committee?”
Don’t forget the car. 
Yes. Are more of those creatures inside that dark vehicle? Might it contain something of use to me? Returning to the car entails risk, but I can’t leave an enemy at my back. My blood is up. Four of them are destroyed while I still walk the Earth proudly. The adrenaline rush I’d gotten from shooting that gangster several months ago is nothing compared to the triumph I experience now.
Giving the putrefying bodies a wide berth, I retrace my route to the road. It’s not as far as I’d thought. When I was fleeing for my life, the forest trail seemed endless, but a walk of less than half a mile brings me back to the road. 
I crouch in the underbrush, gun at the ready, observing the long car parked alongside the drainage ditch. Nothing moves. The vehicle seems as dead as the corpse pile at the creek. The rear passenger-side door stands ajar.
Is this a trap?  
Perhaps more of those monsters lie in wait, ready to pounce on any intruder. I consider peppering the vehicle with bullets but dismiss the idea. The car looks pretty solid; maybe it’s constructed of bullet-proof materials. Besides, I’ve made enough racket already. Some one might have heard my earlier gunfire and decided to investigate.
A light rain begins. Something is dripping from under the back door.
Blood! 
A loud, staticy radio voice issues from inside the vehicle, almost giving me a coronary. It speaks a harsh language I do not understand. 
Pause… nobody replies. 
The radio voice speaks some more. Again, no answer. I lie gasping in the underbrush, willing my pounding heart not to explode. Finally, it slows down toward normal.
Now or never, T. 
In a singe burst of motion, I charge from the underbrush, wrench open the back door, and thrust my gun into the car. 
Nobody inside… not alive, anyway. A bloody corpse sprawls on the floor by the back seat. It appears to be partially eaten, with chunks of meat torn from the throat and upper torso. Its clothing has been tossed aside. I recognize the checked pants from the bicyclist I’d passed on the road.
God help me! 
I stumble back. The radio voice barks something in an alien tongue. I grab my bike and flee through the raindrops. Some distance up the road from the horror car, I turn left into the woods and continue the mad flight.

My progress halts at a stream, wider and deeper than the previous one. I throw myself onto its stony bank and submerge my face until the nightmare visions recede. When I raise my head from the crystalline water, clean forest scents purge my lungs. Life embraces me.
A long drink refreshes my exhausted spirit. Breathing returns to normal. I lie on my back observing the blessed sky and the inscrutable face of God.
After several minutes, I get up and peruse the surroundings. A small, tumbled-down cabin with its door hanging off the hinges stands a short distance away. I approach it cautiously, gun drawn.
“Anybody here?”
I don’t expect an answer and, thank God, none comes. I push open the broken door to peek inside. Within lies moldering disuse. A cot with moth-eaten blankets is pushed against one wall. An opposite corner shelters a rusty kerosene stove and two fuel cans. A shelf holds various items. I step inside for a closer inspection.
This could be an abandoned fisherman’s hut, judging by the beat-up tackle box residing on the shelf. It contains some line along with a few hooks and lures. No rod or reel is in evidence. The shelf also contains outdated cans of food—beans, corned beef. A sack of flour has long since been torn open and devoured by animals. 
The kerosene cans are partially full. I restrain a pyromaniac impulse to dump their contents and set the cabin ablaze. My recent encounters with shadow men have directed my mind down destructive avenues.
Shredded paper litters the floor, old newsprint mostly. Rodents have had a field day in here. A small plastic bin resides under the cot. I pull off its lid to reveal a stack of pornographic magazines.
“Ah, the previous tenant was a scholar.”
I take them out for a quick inspection. They are the usual rubbish one might find on the ‘Adults Only’ stand of a book or drug store. One is different, though, and reeks of evil—Naughty Nymphettes magazine. On its cover sprawls a thinly clad girl no more than twelve years old. 
“Meet Cho-Cho,” the heading invites.
My God! That’s Chocolay. 
No, it can’t be. I yank open the centerfold. A nude Cho-Cho stares at the viewer with craven lust. I know that look. Further disgusting poses lurk inside. Nascent breasts—I recognize the gold nipple ring. Genital views and ass shots—I recognize the dimple above her butt crack. It’s Chocolay alright, from an earlier decade.
Something splatters on the pages… tears. 
“Agghhh!”
With a savage heave, I rip the magazine in two, then into smaller pieces. I fumble out my cigarette lighter and charge through the door. I’ll burn the goddam thing to ashes!
Clean forest air calms me. I gulp it in, eyes closed, letting it purge the day’s many horrors from my system. When I open my eyes, the world seems a bit less insane. I drop the magazine tatters and stomp them into the ground.
Lighting a fire would be unwise. Smoke attracts attention; besides, the cabin is surrounded by dead underbrush. Despite the recent rains, the whole area looks parched. An idea begins to take shape in my feverish mind. 


41. Hiding Out
Had I a crystal ball, I would make perfect decisions every time. As things stand, I have to muddle through on my own resources.
Staying put for a while seems the best policy. I’ve been running all the way from the capital city, and it would be a reasonable assumption that I’d continue running. What’s “reasonable” about those shadow men, though? The image of them walking on all fours sniffing like dogs will remain burned into memory the rest of my life—as brief a time as that might be.
An article I’d once read detailed the extraordinary capabilities of bloodhounds, how they can follow a scent under tenuous conditions. It’s been raining, though. Might that not wash away any scent trail? One or two vehicles passing along the road would surely obliterate any tracks my bike tires might have left. 
Anyway, it’s what I’ve got to go on.
Food shouldn’t be a huge problem for a while. I have my recent purchases, and there are fish in the stream. Maybe some of those canned goods at the hut are still edible, though I dread reentering that foul place. I hunker down.
* * *
Three weeks pass without major incident. Autumn color tinges the trees. It hasn’t rained again, and my surroundings crackle with dryness. The stream becomes more shallow; its current slows. I wade through it so as to obscure any scent, frequently changing campsites along the bank. My travels take me far downstream to the forest preserve edge and upstream to a waterfall. The beautiful cascade and its pool seem an ideal campsite—too obvious, though. Mostly, I remain in the general area of the cabin.
I’ve developed some facility in snagging fish and am not about to starve yet. I’m in flat-out survival mode, not philosophizing much about my circumstances—catch and clean fish, pick berries, eat, move camp, set up camp. I also spend time preparing a welcome for the shadow men. They’ll be back, I suspect. Always the Mauser is at my side, my one true friend. 
Could anybody else fire my gun, or would it go inactive in their hands out of loyalty to me? The fact I’m thinking in such idiotic terms might be taken as a sign of waning mental fitness. Then again, the fact I can admit to going nuts might be the best security against traveling too far around the bend. Maybe I am philosophizing a bit, after all. I wish Chocolay were here with me. I want to stroke her beautiful hair, brush away all her memories of those monstrous photos.
On two occasions, other people appear—a solitary hiker and a small group of fishermen. They don’t seem to notice me, and I give them a wide berth, observing them through my binoculars. It’s only human to seek company, and I experience some regret when they go on their way.
Other than that, the wide forest belongs to me.
* * *
One morning brings a flash of absolute clarity. I’m washing up in the stream when everything abruptly falls into place. Awareness of my life’s purpose barges into my mind like a rampaging elephant. I stand erect and raise both fists above my head.
“I accept!”
I’m no longer just a person struggling to survive in the woods, but a protector of all mankind. The future of humanity rests upon my shoulders. Should I fail in my mission, events will take a dark turn, and no one will be able to pull us back from destruction.
Congratulations, T. You’ve gone totally bonkers. 
No, I am not crazy! For the first time in my life, I see myself as more than an isolated individual. Until Chocolay came on the scene, I scarcely gave a thought to anyone else. I was the ‘king of sports journalism’ with my place unassailable—until the conflict with the gangsters.
Who would have thought the dominoes knocked over that day would tumble all the way here? The blue-face man was at the shooting incident, dragging off his wounded leader. Then he confronted me at Goner Island, and finally, in my home. His voice echoes inside my head, urging me to alert the world of its great peril. It’s a job nobody else can do.
At last, I understand why he killed himself in my apartment. He knew it would be the catalyst driving me into the wider world. I’d hated him for what he’d done. This rancorous feeling has evolved into a strange allegiance, a desire to earn his approval. He seems almost a brother. I grasp the responsibility he thrust into my hands.
My exhilaration is cut short by a ghastly noise. 
Trrrrrrrrt!  Trrrrrrrrt!
Shadow men are calling to each other… They’re coming for me at last. 
“What kept you?” I shout into the trees.
I’m not really hearing their high-pitched trills but sensing them on a psychic level. They must think I can’t detect their signals; otherwise, they’d keep quiet. I scan the area with my binoculars, pick out dark figures creeping through the trees like silent death. They are still some distance away. Impossible to tell how many there might be.
Time to roll out the welcome mat.
I seize the fuel cans, which have never left my sight over these past weeks, and rush to the first bonfire pile. I splatter it with kerosene and toss in a match. The tinder erupts and quickly spreads its flame to the larger wood. On to the next pile, repeat the process. The next pile.
Last to go is the hated cabin with its mound of shredded magazines on the floor. I toss in a match with the last kerosene and send the place to a fiery Hades.
“Farewell sweet abode!”
The conflagration spreads more quickly than I’d anticipated. The individual bonfires are merging, sending thoroughfares of destruction into the wider forest. The underbrush rapidly ignites, dead trees become torches. The shadow men’s warbles turn into shrieks of terror—music to my ears. Wild gunfire erupts, and I throw myself to the ground. Bullets ricochet around me.
“Don’t like the show, huh? Sons of bitches!”
Burning figures dash amid the flames. The heat is unbearable; I can scarcely breathe.
Am I cut off? 
The route downstream is still open. I scramble up and charge along it, gun at the ready. Tall, flaming hulks approach; I blast them out of the way. Fire roars along the banks. My former life is lost among the flames, and perhaps my sanity, as well.

42. From out of the Girl Pile
Chocolay disengaged herself from the other females and moved across the bedroom to the window. She lit a cigarette. A skull moon leered at her from its frigid roost.
I wonder if Tomasio is looking at that moon? 
She blew a stream of smoke into the night. The three remaining women stirred in their sleep, redistributing themselves on the huge bed. Beside them, General… President Neustadt slumbered on.
God, how did I end up here? 
She knew the answer. Her own lusts and foolishness had placed her in this awful situation. Again tonight, she’d had to perform with the other women for the general’s viewing pleasure—after he’d had his way with them, first. She hated that. Her raging sexuality had always been decidedly straight. It wasn’t raging so much any longer. It had become hard, brittle, and bent toward violence.
Chocolay leaned out the window to gaze at the flagstones three stories down. A leap would surely prove fatal, but that would be a messy departure. She pulled herself back inside and looked across the luxurious bedroom toward the girls. 
Each new group was younger than the previous one. Neustadt’s tastes were turning down a dark and perverse alley toward pedophilia. Chocolay loathed all pedophiles. When Benque was in power, she’d identified some of these molesters to him for “special treatment,” enjoying a glass of wine in the general’s basement lair as the chastisements were carried out. She’d had to cut short her luncheon date with Tomasio to make that event.
Tomasio.
Always that Julian character supplied new batches of girls. These females came and went—stars in their eyes, and increasingly, fear. Chocolay shuddered. Things weren’t supposed to be like this. She’d wanted to engage the general on political and social issues, become a power behind the throne, but he only seemed interested in lascivious pleasure.
Well, being the man in charge has its advantages. 
Was Neustadt really in charge, though? He seemed far more interested in his affairs with women than in the affairs of state. Chocolay wasn’t sure he was concerned, or even aware, of particular events. The Glowing Path religious sect, for example. 
Until recently, they’d been regarded as harmless mystics with their robes and chanting. Now, the police were rounding them up. Other religious minorities were coming under unfavorable scrutiny, as well. Alarming reports had appeared predicting an economic downturn. People were looking at others to blame for their difficulties.
None of this bothered the president. The man was an addict, as Benque had been. General Benque had criminals to torture, while Neustadt consumed women. Julian acted as pusher, assuring fresh stocks of human bodies. He always gave people what they wanted.
Chocolay picked up her handbag from the dresser and withdrew a small needle encased in plastic. Its tip contained a powerful toxin that provided, in Julian’s words, “instant relief” to anyone who wished to make a painless exit—or perhaps facilitate the exit of another. To think she’d actually danced with that ghoul at the masked ball!
She crushed out the cigarette. Its smoke made her nauseous. A lot of things nauseated her these days, ever since the banquet. She stroked her rumbling belly. She felt polluted, somehow, as if she’d ingested some foul substance that still worked its way through her system. She looked at herself in the mirror with the moon beaming over one shoulder. A joyless face gazed back, haggard and thin. How long before Neustadt tired of it?
Ah, Tomasio, you were right about so many things.
Chocolay cradled the needle in one hand and examined the skin on her forearm. She glanced toward the general, sprawled nude and defenseless on his corrupted bed. 

Epilog: the Frontier
I’m at the border now. After the cat-and-mouse, shooting, burning theatrics, the next leg of my journey was undramatic. I simply exited the flaming woods on foot and walked several miles to the main road. 
In all the hubbub, nobody noticed the unassuming fellow with the canvas shoulder bag hustling away. I saw no mysterious cars lurking on the road, and no shadow men were in evidence. Hopefully, they’d all attended the barbecue prepared for them. I looked constantly toward the burning forest. A terrible shame to destroy such a place of beauty. May the sacrifice prove worthwhile. 
A truck loaded with bags of cement mix stood parked in a service area off the main road while its driver ate in the restaurant. I recalled my visit to the Cayo Cement Company plant some months ago. It must be back in operation, since each bag bore the old CCC logo. It was a reasonable guess this load was headed for the border, as cement had been one of our exports in previous years. On this assumption, I climbed aboard and sprawled atop the bags, shielded by the truck bed’s canvas top.
My assumption proved right, and the vehicle drove westward into the sunset. When the border drew near, I tumbled out unnoticed at a stop sign. I’d considered trying to make it all the way across, but even a cursory inspection would have revealed my presence. There was no place to hide among the tightly packed bags.
I’m now creeping along under concealment, far from the crossing checkpoint, training my binoculars on the border zone and weighing opportunities. Inevitably, thoughts of Chocolay intrude. Were it not for her, I wouldn’t be in this predicament.
It’s easy to blame her for my difficulties, but that hardly seems fair. Should a man choose to think with his flagpole, he has nobody else to blame for the resultant disasters.
It occurs that I know little more about Chocolay than when we first met—where she came from, who she is, how she got started on her dangerous path, not even her real name. That magazine at the cabin may have revealed something about her, but I cannot fathom it. Was she coerced her into posing for those terrible pictures, or was she, even then, seeking erotic excess?
I wish her well but don’t think she will prosper. She’s part of the spiritual horror absorbing our nation, and this cacophony cannot end on a favorable note. Why did she find the chaos so attractive? Perhaps she’s missing a piece of her soul, maybe the whole thing. Hell, I’m no theologian. Don’t expect any sensible answers from me.
I’m not disguising the fact that I was also part of the system. It’s an effective one, combining elements of messianic fervor, public duty, and naked greed. Who among us didn’t want an end to the rampant crime and drug abuse? Who didn’t yearn for an improvement in economic conditions and personal prosperity? As the blue-face man said, it’s easy to overlook the means when your ends are so worthwhile.
Plus there was Chocolay. I simply couldn’t let go of her. Harping on my sexual mania is just an evasion, though. It’s far more important to evade any patrols. 
So far, I have. Across the border are freedom and a route to my bank accounts, a chance to sound the alarm—if people will listen. On this side is destruction worse than death.
Numerous questions hover in the air. How closely is the frontier watched, and what is the quality of the guards? Are they elite troops or sullen conscripts? Are they open to bribery?
Cash is not a problem. I’ve got plenty, much of it in gold coin and reliable foreign currency. It’s not unreasonable to think it can buy my way out, unless the shadow men are on the watch. One could say they are incorruptible, after their fashion, although their mere existence is the epitome of corruption.
The Mauser provides a last resort. I have lots of bullets, including a final one for myself should the need arise. 
My future might not last long, though it promises to be interesting. If I make it across to a new life, you’ll hear from me again. If I don’t, you’ll hear from them.

Tomasio Hagridoon (T.H.)

END OF THE FILES



Thanks for reading! Why not write a review? Just a few words is fine, either at the online bookstore where you obtained this book or in any other medium you wish. May numerous blessings come your way. 
Connect with the Author
I hope you enjoyed the story. Please visit my website and blog at:  “The B2”
Also, please check my Smashwords author page.
Brian’s Other Books
Here are brief descriptions of my other adult books. They are available at all major online retailers in e-book format. To find the relevant links, please visit my website at  “The B2”

ROBOT HORIZON SERIES

Return to Mech City
Book one of the Robot Horizon series
The end of the world as you’ve never seen it before. Life goes on in Mech City, but it is no longer human. 
As mankind succumbs to its follies and exits the stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City where he was manufactured. He meets Star Power, the world’s only functional female robot.
Things unravel when a Roboto Fascist dictatorship seizes power. Its leader has designs on Star. Winston flees with her to gather forces for a counter-coup and, perhaps, get himself upgraded so as to bring Star true satisfaction.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Expedition Westward
Book two of the Robot Horizon series
What is the cost of rediscovering true love in a shattered world? Whatever it might be, Star is willing to pay, or not survive the outcome. A trek along dangerous roads provides the answer. The dystopian adventure continues.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Battle for Mech City
Book three of the Robot Horizon series
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City, but his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Che is also coming to kidnap Star.  Meanwhile, Star’s  out of control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robotic and human partners. The fun continues!
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

BriSoc Follies
Follow the personnel of BriSoc Enterprises, Inc. as they navigate life and love in astonishing ways. It all starts when one of them achieves fame. The others try to carve their own paths and find suitable partners for the journey.
Humor (sometimes dark) / Satire / Romance

Great Republic on Rye
When dissolute card sharp and ladies man, Eugene Walton, unexpectedly inherits a plantation, his life assumes new purpose. After freeing the slaves and narrowly escaping a lynch mob, Eugene moves into the wider world bearing a message of liberation. 
Accompanied by dedicated friends and a shadowy former bondsman, he plans to found a “Great Republic” based upon the highest ideals. But things are not so simple in an unready world. Let no good deed go unpunished!
Adventure / Social-Political Satire / Dark Humor

Raptor Aces
The terrifying Zone of Destruction – ZOD, the absence of God. It has taken over the Raptor Aces, an elite Youth League air squadron.
Its leader, Dytran, is the cream of his totalitarian country. His world unravels when a poor decision goes horribly wrong, resulting in death and destruction. He grabs at a chance to volunteer for support aviation duty in the war. At the front, he and his comrades are swept up in violence and revenge until escape seems beyond reach. 
New Adult / Action-Adventure / War

Strange Tales for Cozy Nights – 1 
Nine offbeat tales to disturb your cozy nights. From strange voyages and baffling powers to dystopian athletic competitions and the in-laws from Hell, these stories are for you if you enjoy burning the midnight oil with a good yarn.
Horror-ish / Mystery / Whatever

4th Musketelle
Trophy wife Laila Armstrong chafes under the domination of husband Frank. When she learns her adult “step children” are plotting to cut her out of their dad’s lucrative business affairs, she must act fast to avoid being thrown back into the poverty she escaped years earlier. Murder seems to be a reasonable solution – much better than a messy divorce. 
Laila plots to use Frank’s infamous temper against him and make his death seem like an “accident.” Things don’t work out as planned, though, and it’s not certain who will survive the final cut. 
Dark Humor / Romantic Homicide

DAS ROAD
A road novel with fascinating turns through exotic Asia, workaday America, and Iran caught up in revolution. Travel realms where anything is possible, wonderful, or horrible. And always on the road ahead, the mythical figure of Jon Glass who haunts the entire journey. A story imbued with meaning just below the level of articulating. A siren call to your wanderlust.
Travel / Mystery

Career Moves for Burnt Out Personifications
Santa, the Grim Reaper, and others scramble to find new careers and identities. Outrageous political and social satire. “A smorgasbord of paranoid ramblings ideally suited to today’s sensibilities.”
Humor / Political Satire

