Creatures of Hell

A Story By
Philip R Benge

Smashwords Edition

***************

Published by
Philip R Benge on Smashwords

Creatures of Hell
Copyright Philip R Benge 2021
Cover Art Copyright Philip R Benge 2021

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author`s imagination and used fictitiously.

Creatures of Hell

Contents

Contents
Chapter One: Missing
Chapter Two: The Amulet of Ansgar
Chapter Three: The Search for Sarah
Chapter Four: In to Battle
Chapter Five: The Revenge of the Brotherhood
Chapter Six: Battle Commences Against Satanic Forces
Chapter Seven: Tartarus
Other books by the Author

Chapter One
Missing

In the county of Dorset, England, a local catholic church was holding a special event one Saturday near to the end of the month of September, the event being held in the priory garden. They were promoting chastity before marriage, almost forty young women and men were there, they were meeting people with a similar view to their own, and in doing so it helped to reinforce their own convictions.
Amongst the many people there was Mark Page, a young man from the next county, Wiltshire. However, he was there for very different reasons to the other young people. The first and lesser reason concerned All Hallow’s Eve, which was only five weeks away, on the 31st October. The group that he belonged to, required a virgin to sacrifice and one not local to his group’s location and especially not near to the temple which was concealed within the basement of one of their houses. They wanted to show to Lucifer, that they were loyal and obedient to him alone, as were the whole of their kind, for they were originally from his dark realm, Hell. Just like their close cousin the Vampire, they were simply black shrivelled souls, and just like the Vampire, on being released from Hell they preyed upon the humans. This had started so many eons ago and as with the Vampire, their evil forms were concealed by their hosts’ bodies.
Alice Waterstone and her sister Sarah were quite enjoying the event, and when Page stopped to speak to them, Sarah was quite taken with him, not knowing his motive in seeking her out, or where it would lead her.
Page had come to the church event to specifically meet Sarah; it was to enable him to complete the second and more important reason for his presence there. He was there because Sarah had recently begun to speak about a supposedly factual tale that John Mitcham, a fellow student, had mentioned to her while the two had been sharing too many drinks late one night in the student bar. It concerned an ancient sect named the Brotherhood. She had mentioned his drunken tale to some of the other students, who had dismissed it as rubbish, the tale of someone who had smoked too much marijuana. Giles Routledge, the Dean of the University of Walchester, did not dismiss it as rubbish though, in fact, he took her very seriously, because he was a member of the Brotherhood. After Sarah and Page had spent the first few minutes’ speaking about the aims of the event, Page looked deeply in Sarah’s eyes and held them, he was speaking to her, she heard his soft voice, although if she was asked, she would not be able to repeat his words. By using both his voice and his eyes, he was hypnotising her, only lightly, but this was enough for the moment, he then said to her in a slightly louder but commanding voice.
“Sarah, tell me a little about yourself, about your life, of your plans for the near future.”
“I am 20 at the end of next month, on the 31st, Mark, and I feel that I am now old enough to stand upon my own two feet. Alice, my dear older sister, will finally be able to get on with her life, because for the last five years she has had to be more mother to me than sister. Her, herculean task began when our parents died in a car crash, I could not believe it, for months I was heartbroken, poor Alice had to cope with my tears and my tantrums, but gradually, thanks to her, I recovered. Now, I aim to make it up to her by taking her out somewhere, it might be my birthday, but we will both be able to celebrate the day. Me, because it will be my birthday, and Alice for being free of the responsibility of looking after her pesky young sister, for as I said, I am finally old enough, emotionally, to do that for myself.”
“You will have a fabulous birthday; of that, I am sure.” Page said to her.
Alice, who was standing nearby, speaking to another young man, one there for the event and not for other unrelated reasons, on hearing some of her sister’s words she was surprised that her sister had given a stranger so much personal information. In fact, she was a little annoyed with her sister for doing so, but she did not want to make a scene in front of so many people, some of them friends, so she decided to take her sister to task later, when they were alone. Moments later, she left the young man who she had been speaking to and went to speak to Father Eusebius, she wanted to talk to him about an upcoming event. It was later, as she picked up a sandwich to eat, for snacks had been laid on, that she saw Sarah, who was still speaking to Page but they had been joined by another man. He looked much older than Page and Sarah and he was standing just outside the garden gate. Alice had no idea who he was, she only knew that the older man looked a little cold, Alice thought that he must be Mark’s father, for he seemed too old to be the young man’s friend. In fact, the man was not Mark’s father, he was Sir Rupert Elbridge, another senior member of the Brotherhood. Alice felt a chill run through her body, she assumed then, that a cool spring breeze had caught her unawares, later she wondered if it might have been her subconscious warning her of trouble ahead. She then noticed another man join the small group, Mark seemed in awe of him and the man certainly had a commanding stance, as if he was used to being in charge. Alice’s attention was then drawn back to Father Eusebius who had asked her if she was enjoying the event, to which she had replied yes and then other people had stopped to speak to her and she had forgotten all about her sister, and the three men.
It was only when it was time to leave that Alice found that her sister was nowhere in sight, however, she assumed that she was somewhere nearby. After ten minutes of looking for her, she became a little anxious, Sarah would hardly leave without telling her, it was just not like her, she was a responsible young woman who would never act in such a way. However, Alice decided that this time her sister had, maybe she was still with the three men and they had gone on somewhere and had invited Sarah to join them. She would not have wanted to appear so juvenile that she had to ask her big sister’s permission first, and so had gone without telling her. Alice decided to walk back home, but she always kept an eye open for her sister, but no sister appeared. As the day wore on, she attempted to call her sister on her smartphone, one that her sister always kept close by, however all she got was Sarah’s voice mail. She left an angry message and being very anxious by this time, she now rung all of Sarah’s friends, however, no one had seen her, and Alice was her only living relative. Alice, feeling very scared, as her imagination came up with so many scary scenarios, paced up and down within their small front room. When midnight came and went, she was more than extremely worried, yes, she knew that some teenagers acted this way, but Sarah, No!
When Alice woke the next morning, exhausted, for her sleep had been filled with nightmares starring Sarah, she got out of bed and rushed in to her sister’s bedroom, to find that the bed was neat and tidy and so very unslept in. She tried Sarah’s smart phone again, but once again she only got her sister’s voice-mail. Holding back her tears, and feeling rather young herself, Alice had a quick shower, dressed and left the house without any make-up on. She walked quickly to the local police station; thankfully, it had not been amongst the many that had been closed, however, the officer she spoke to did not appear to be that interested in her problem.
“Ms Waterstone, teenage girls often go missing, mostly on purpose. In any case, 24 hours have not yet passed and so she is not yet officially missing. Go home, I am sure that she will be there.” The station sergeant advised her.
Feeling annoyed at the officer’s response, she said to him. “I do not need to go home.” Alice then pulled out her smart phone. “This is the 21st century, I can call home.”
However, all she got was her own voice mail asking her to leave a message. Alice glared at the officer and demanded to know. “Well, Officer, when can I post her as officially missing?”
“This evening Ms and please remember to bring a recent photograph of your sister.”
Alice looked angrily at the officer and pulled out a photograph of Sarah and said, with barely concealed anger in her voice.
“Sergeant, as you can see, I did bring one along with me to give to you, little good it did me.”
Alice walked out of the police station and with the police unwilling or unable to help her, she returned home where she first turned to Facebook and then to Twitter in an attempt to trace her sister. It would be just a few days later that she considered deleting both accounts, for by then the trolls had begun to make fun of her fears. However, it was the first of many nights, after instigating her media search, and soon after she had fallen asleep, that the nightmares began, and they all had a similar theme.
On the first night she had dreamt that it was the middle of the night, she was walking home and she thought that someone was following her. She would stop and look back, but see no one, however, when she carried on walking, she could hear someone nearby, she could even hear them breathing, rather heavily. Then, as she turned in to her street, in sight of home, a giant of a beast, fully eight feet tall, green in colour with horns and a tail, with a mouth filled with large canine teeth, leapt out in front of her. It grabbed her, lifted her off her feet, shook her until she felt as if her teeth would fall out and then it roared. Such a terrible roar that froze the marrow in her bones, from its open massive maw she could smell the terrible stench of Hell and then it went to bite her neck, she woke up just as its sharp teeth pierced her neck. Sitting upright, her body covered in sweat, her heart pounding, frightened beyond belief, she screamed loudly before her screams turned to tears, her hands going to her neck in search of any wounds. If anyone had heard her, they certainly did not come to see if she was all right. She sat there for a moment before getting out of bed and walking in to the kitchen to make a coffee, being all but tee-total, she needed something to calm her fears, to steady her shaking hands, caffeine would have to do. She scolded herself for letting a nightmare reduce her to screams and tears, but it had been so terribly real! She walked in to the bathroom to look in to the mirror above the basin, only to find there, on her neck, were a long row of red marks in the shape of a bite.
“Oh! My god, the creature in the nightmare, it was real.” She shrieked.
Alice did not believe in vampires, demons or ghosts, and after finishing her coffee and thinking about it, she put the marks on her neck down to something psychosomatic. Alice now wore a silk scarf around her neck to hide the marks. However, with her nightmares returning each and every night, along with extra bite marks, each morning or long scratches on her arms. That morning she had awoken screaming to find the numbers 666 imprinted on her right hand and she had begun to wonder if the devil was stalking her or had she somehow written the numbers on her hand while she had still been asleep. She now had to wear long sleeve blouses and finally, after last night, white cotton gloves.
Although thinking it unlikely that supernatural creatures did exist, she went to the library and took out a horror book, consulting it for any and all its advice that she could find within its pages. She listed everything that the hero used to combat the vampire, reasoning that this protection could deter whatever was attacking her in her sleep, vampire, demon, or Satan himself. One other thought occurred to her, one more scary than the others, was she going insane and doing these things to herself?
She bought seven strings of garlic from the local supermarket, where the check-out girl looked at her strangely as she put the seven strings of garlic on her scales. One she carried in her handbag, two of them she used for the front and back doors of her small terrace house, one she put at the kitchen window, more for decoration, and one was in the front room window. The final two strings of garlic were put at the window of her bedroom and on the outside of her bedroom door. She had purchased four small glass bottles from a local charity shop and these she filled with holy water from the font at the local catholic church, for her priest had recently officiated at a christening and had blessed the water in the font. One she kept in her handbag, two were put at the front and back doors of her terrace house, for easy access if she needed them, the last was put on her bedside table. She also purchased three medium sized wooden crosses and one small silver one, she had bought them from the small shop attached to the church, there to fund local charities, and they had all been blessed by the local priest. One of the wooden crosses was hung on the outside of her bedroom door, the second one she hung behind the curtain of her bedroom window, the third one she always carried with her in her handbag. The silver one was on a chain that she now always wore around her neck, making her feel safer from a supernatural attack, if indeed such a thing was happening to her.
Her nightmares never returned, making her more fearful than ever for her sister, for she now reasoned that whoever had taken her sister had indeed been responsible for her nightmares. As the days’ past, this thought was discarded as rubbish, it had been the stress of worrying about Sarah that had brought on the nightmares, of this Alice was certain. She wondered what would people think if they saw the wooden crosses, the garlic and the bottles of holy water. However, she did not dispose of the strings of garlic, nor take the bottle of holy water, nor the wooden cross, out of her handbag, and she certainly did not remove the two wooden crosses from her house. She also religiously wore the silver cross around her neck whether in her house, at the office or just walking along the street and definitely not when she settled down in her bed to sleep.

**********

Sarah had never suspected that Page and his two older friends meant her any harm, as she had thought that she had left the Brotherhood back in Walchester on the Friday night that she had returned home. All thoughts of them and the danger these creatures posed seemed a thousand miles away from the peaceful garden of the priory. She was no longer under the hypnotic power of Page, that had only been temporary, it had gone as soon as her attention had been drawn away from him by others at the garden party. They were still standing at the garden gate when the attention of the other people in the garden was suddenly focused on the sound of breaking plates, for one of the helpers had been jostled, causing her to drop a small stack of dirty plates. Sir Rupert Elbridge, looked back at his wife Elizabeth who nodded that the way was clear of people. Lord Ashen, the third man, opened the gate as Sarah looked towards the sound of breaking crockery and Page chose this moment to push her through the open gate, in to the arms of Ashen. Surprised and a little annoyed, she turned to look at Ashen who looked deeply in to her eyes, holding them, no matter how hard she tried to avert her gaze. An all-consuming fear filled her mind, all she could see were those two large eyes and then Ashen spoke to her.
“Turn around Sarah and walk over to the woman that you see waiting for you by the large SUV.”
Sarah, her mind a total blank, walked towards the woman, and as she reached her, Elizabeth Elbridge opened the door of the SUV and Sir Rupert Elbridge helped Sarah in to the back seat of the SUV while Page got behind the wheel. Ashen once again focused his will upon her, this time she fell in to a deep asleep, dreams did not bother her, nothing bothered her, for now.
Sarah woke up to find herself lying on a cot in an almost empty room, the only other furniture within the room was a small table with a wooden chair pushed under it. The light coming in through the window was dim, not enough to fully light the room, for the sun had moved around to the south-western side of the house. It was enough to show Sarah her surroundings and then, suddenly, she remembered those two eyes and she became truly afraid, having read the original Dracula story written by Bran Stoker. Questions filled her mind, were her kidnappers’ vampires who could endure the sun on their faces, or maybe they were Satanists or were they something far worse? Her head began to spin as panic filled her mind, it drove away rational thought. It was then that the Brotherhood intruded in to her thoughts, were they responsible for her being brought here? Supernatural creatures supposed to be even more terrifying than vampires, and what would they do to her, take her body for themselves! She shivered in fear at the very thought of it, her soul would be captive within its own body, doomed to reside there until death took her mortal body that would have been used by a creature of Hell. What state would her soul be in by then, shrivelled and contaminated, shunned by the guardians of heaven, made to roam Earth for eternity. Tears now began to stream down her face as she foresaw a terrible future for herself and she slumped down on to the cot and sobbed uncontrollably until she fell in to a sleep of mental exhaustion. Her exhaustion was only partly because of her fear for her safety, it was mostly the effects of being hypnotised by Ashen, so powerful was he that he could feed off her emotions, draining her mentally as well as physically.
When she awoke, she realised that the sun must have sunk low and was probably touching the western horizon, for the garden below was filled with long shadows. She looked for an electric light switch, but although there was a light bulb hanging down from the ceiling, there was no switch, for it was on the wall in the corridor, not within her cell. It was then that she saw the bars on the outside wall of the window, and this brought home to her that that she was indeed a prisoner, certainly not a house guest. The thought that she could call for help from a passer-by cheered her for a moment, before it was lost as she realised that her kidnappers would hardly imprison her in a room from which she could call for help. Then footsteps sounded on the landing outside her room, someone opened a small window in the door and looked in, then the door opened. Sarah saw Page standing there, beside him was a woman who she vaguely recognised as the woman who had assisted in her kidnap, they had brought her evening meal. On seeing it, Sarah realised that she was hungry, the thought of throwing it at them passed fleetingly across her mind before sense prevailed, with it a little of her spirit and inner strength returned. She realised that she needed her physical strength if she was to escape from these monsters, and to appear a docile prisoner might make her captors slip up and allow her the chance to do just that, escape, instead she sobbed and pleaded with them.
“Why have you kidnapped me, are you two perverts, or have you another twisted reason for acting as you have done? Please, Mark, let me go home to my sister, I will not tell anyone, for it was all a joke. Wasn’t it?”
Page looked at her with open contempt as he replied to her question and her pleas.
“Dear little Sarah, fear not child, for no one is going to hurt you, no, instead, in five weeks’ time, you are going to meet our guest of honour, he likes sweet things like you.”
Page’s cruel laugh made Sarah’s blood run cold as she wondered just what they had in store for her, perhaps they were not members of the Brotherhood, maybe they were Satanists, maybe they wanted to sacrifice her to their terrible dark lord. Page voice now broke in to her thoughts.
“You can scream out for help all you want Sarah, we have used our Satanic powers on the glass in the window, it is unbreakable and sound proof, so no one will hear you through it. In any case, no one apart from our members are even invited to the house, so do not bother to try to attract the attention of anyone, they will always be part of our select group.” Page said softly and then he added in a more serious and threatening tone. “Sarah, if you do attempt to escape from your room you will regret it, for your punishment will be severe, do you understand?”
A stunned Sarah could only nod and the fear that she felt within her doubled in intensity, Elizabeth Elbridge put her meal down on to the table and then they left her to her meal, locking the door behind them, they did not switch the light on, she must eat her meal in the dim light, and before it turned in to darkness. Their footsteps allowed Sarah to follow them along a corridor and down a stone staircase until they faded in to silence. She ate her meal, to keep her strength up, but she could neither taste it nor remember eating it, she only knew fear, fear for her bleak future, for her soul.
She looked around her and saw that her cold prison room did have other things, it had an en-suite shower room leading off from it, complete with toiletries and towels, so at least she could stay clean she thought and then she burst in to tears. There was also a night light which now came on, this at least would allow her to use the bathroom during the hours of darkness.

**********

Two weeks had past and another Saturday had arrived and being the weekend, it allowed Alice to sleep late, no need for her to go off to the office where she toiled away five days a week. The sun was shining, and it was even warm for a change, as the air was still, without even a hint of a breeze. Alice rose, washed, breakfasted, left the house and walked to one of the shopping streets that still had some open shops and cafes left after the worst of the pandemic. Her thoughts turned to her sister and once again, she had to fight to control her tears. As she walked slowly along the street, a nun stopped her to ask.
“Are you all right dear, can I help you?”
However, Alice did not notice her, not immediately, she was too absorbed in her own troubles. The nun touched her arm and said to Alice. “Alice, go and see Peter Davidson, he is on the motor cruiser Intrepid, he will help you to find your sister. The Intrepid is moored on the river, just 100 feet away along the river bank.”
Alice looked at the young nun and thought how pretty she looked, but she did not want company, she just mumbled that she was all right and began to walk away. It was as she reached the entrance to the shop that she was passing by, that she realised that she had never spoken to the nun before and certainly not about her sister and how she was missing. Alice turned and approached the nun who was looking in a shop window and said to her. “Excuse me.”
When the nun turned around, smiling up at her, Alice realised that this was not the young woman who had spoken to her, advised her, but a much older woman. But how was that possible, she had not walked for more than two seconds, it had to be her?
Seeing her consternation, the nun asked.
“Are you sure that everything is all right?”
Alice mumbled a quick. “Yes, thank you.” And then turned and walked away in a daze, the way, unconsciously, taking her towards the river bank which was nearby. She reasoned that the nun, wherever she had gone, must have seen her Facebook page and had learned of her sister’s disappearance in that way, or maybe through the church, for Father Eusebius knew about it as well. But where had the nun gone to, she asked herself, the nun could not have entered the shop, she would have had to walk past her to do so and the other shops were closed up, the nearer ones that is?

**********

Peter Davidson was in his late twenties, tall, reasonably good looking, but looking very depressed. His thoughts were once more on his dead wife, for he missed her so very much. He opened the draw in the unit that he was standing next to, his hand reached inside and gripped the handle of a black luger pistol, a WW2 souvenir brought back by his grandfather. Despair filled his heart and the cabin seemed to darken, reflecting his mood, although the feel of the luger brought back happy memories of his grandparents.
“A young woman will soon come on board, she needs your help Peter, her sister is in terrible danger, followers of Lucifer have kidnapped her because of what she knows, they mean to sacrifice her to their dark lord.”
This was not the first time that he had heard the soft voice of his wife, she had spoken to him whenever his mood darkened in to one of total despair. She now spoke again.
“Find the Amulet of Ansgar, you will need it, Peter.” The voice stopped here for a moment before adding. “I am sorry, I must go, they will not let me stay much longer, please take care, and please help her, promise me.”
Softly, to himself, he said softly. “I promise, Susan.” As the warmth of her spirit was replaced by the warmth of the sun’s rays. He knew that the voice was just his imagination, created whenever he had a need to raise his spirits, as it did this time. Although this time the subject was of a more serious nature, being darker and full of the real possibility of danger. He wondered how his mind had conjured up such strange thoughts.
Alice found herself standing beside the motor cruiser Intrepid, and the words that the nun had spoken came back to her. Initially, she had felt a little fearful, but these thoughts she drove from her mind. Feeling that she had nothing to lose, she walked on to the motor cruiser and opened the door to the cabin. Inside it looked dark and she hesitated to walk in, then the sun came out from behind a dark cloud and its light shone in, it lit up Peter and illuminated the cabin, making it look welcoming and Peter almost saint-like.
Seeing her, he pushed the luger pistol back inside of the draw. He felt a breath of warm air encompass him, and unheard by Alice, he heard the far of voice of his dead wife say. “Help her Peter, please.” He had to strain to hear the last word as her voice was now so faint, sounding so far away.
“Excuse me, are you Peter Davidson?” Alice Waterstone asked. “I was told that you would be able to help me to find my sister.” Then noticing a photograph on the unit before her, she added. “By that woman there.”
Tears threatened to burst from his eyes as he looked down at the photograph, however, he managed to say. “That is Susan, my beautiful wife.”
“Your wife is a nun!” Alice exclaimed quizzically.
“No, my wife is dead, she died six months ago in a traffic accident.” Peter replied angrily.
“Oh, I am sorry, look, maybe I should go.” Alice replied apologetically and by now, very confused with fear once again stabbing her deep in her heart.
Peter remembered the promise that he had made to his wife and because of it he said quickly.
“No, forgive me please, don`t go, tell me how I can help you.”
Alice saw on the table a picture of an ancient amulet; Peter and his wife had been on the track of it just before she had died. It was gold in colour and had a five-pointed pentagram set within a circle drawn upon it. There were also five Latin words written above the five points of the pentagram which Alice was unable to translate. Looking back up at Peter, Alice decided to confide in the young man standing before her, one who she had met under such strange circumstances and so, she told her story to him.
“My sister has been missing for two weeks now, it was immediately after we had both attended an event in the priory garden of our local church.” Alice stopped here for a moment before revising her statement. “No, actually she must have gone during the event. It praised the act of preserving one’s virginity, both men and women, up until the day that they get married. Father Eusebius, our priest, also stressed that he would be there to offer help to those who chose this road, should our boyfriends, as far as the girls are concerned, attempt to pressurize them in to changing their minds on the matter.”
Peter was the one most confused now, for the voice of his wife had stated that this woman’s sister was in danger, could it be that the voice was not conjured up by his own mind? His pushed his confusion to the back of his mind, for he suddenly realised that Alice was still talking.
“Sarah came back for the weekend especially for the church event, she is studying at Walchester University, maybe she would have been safe there, if she had not returned for the event.” Alice said as tears filled her eyes.
“Excuse me.” Alice said while wiping away her tears.
She then told him of Page, how he had taken an interest in her sister at the event, he had seemed nice, and when her sister had told him her birth date, 31st October, Page had said that Sarah would have a fabulous birthday. A little later, she had seen her sister and Page speaking to two older men at the gate of the priory garden, one of the older men had a cold look about him, not cold as in chilly, cold as is an ice-cold heart, the other man seemed confident, used to being in charge. It had been shortly after this that she had noticed that her young sister was missing, as too were the three men. Her words now tumbled out as she told him of her nightmares and how she had finally suspected them of being of a supernatural nature. Of how she had used strings of garlic, wooden crosses and holy water to stop the nightmares from ruining her sleep and making her so very frightened. She even mentioned the marks on her neck, her arms and finally on her hand which, of course, had now faded and looking no more than a light rash.
“Do you think me foolish for resorting to such means, rather than talking the matter over with Father Eusebius?” She asked him.
Peter was unsure how to answer this question, but if it had helped Alice, he would not say that it was foolish, especially as it seemed to have been effective in stopping her nightmares, and especially as he kept hearing the voice of his dead wife, so he replied.
“No, I do not think that you are foolish, your way worked and anyway, better not to involve your priest, he would only tell you that your imagination was working overtime, because you are worried about your sister.”
“But could it not be just that, stress from worrying about my sister, creating these terrible nightmares!” Alice exclaimed.
“No, for how do you explain my dead wife speaking to you, telling you to come to see me?”
This reply stopped Alice short, because she certainly could not explain it, but she was stopped from dwelling on it as Peter continued speaking.
Peter nearly mentioned his own conversation with his wife, but stopped himself, the woman would surely see him and his wife as con artists, then she would hastily depart and he would have failed to keep his promise to his wife. Instead, he asked.
“May I call you Alice, if we are to work together it will seem odd to refer to you as Ms Waterstone, and you must call me Peter.”
For some reason, following his words, Alice had felt an instant attraction to Peter, she felt that she could trust him so she agreed to his request, Peter and Alice it was. However, she was still unsure as to whether the nightmares had a supernatural origin or purely a psychological one.
Peter then began to ask the usual questions, was her sister in trouble, in debt, pregnant, stressed out and Alice replied definitely not to all of them, she had not run away from her home that she shared with her sister, for she had taken nothing with her, not even a toothbrush. She had rung all the local hospitals, their doctor and finally, she had spoken yet again to the police, not one of them could help her. Peter had an idea that he thought might help and he offered it up as a suggestion.
“You said that Alice was at Walchester university, maybe we should drive over there and speak to some of her friends, see if they can give us a lead to her whereabouts or even to her thinking, because university can alter one’s way of looking at things, especially to a young girl brought up to believe in the Church and its beliefs.”
“I should have thought of that Peter, and so should the police, but I supposed that they were not really interested in a missing young woman.” Alice said and then added quickly. “Peter, let`s drive over there now, Sarah mentioned a John Mitcham, he is studying archaeology, maybe he can give us a lead.”
“It’s Saturday, so the students may not be there.” Peter remarked. “But then, Walchester’s centre, where the university is situated, is small, we should be able to find someone to help us, with just a little patience and hard work.”
It was decided, Walchester it was, but as they walked to Peter’s car, Alice asked.
“Peter, I do not have much money, how much do you charge?”
“Charge, Alice, I am not a private investigator, my time is free, but if you feel that you must pay me something for my help, then you can buy us lunch.” Peter replied smiling at Alice.
They got in to Peter’s car and drove over to Walchester and its university, once there, they asked a young couple outside the university if they knew where to find a John Mitcham who was studying archaeology, Peter saying that he was John’s uncle on his mother’s side. The young couple thought about it and came up with an answer, for miraculously, they knew John Mitcham, ten minutes later they found John in the student’s bar, and after the usual introductions, Alice explained just why they had come to speak to him.
“My God!” John exclaimed on hearing of Sarah’s disappearance. “This is all my fault, I warned her the next morning to forget everything that I said, but she refused. I had hoped that they would not hear about her enquiries in to them, but they must have kidnapped her to find out how much she knew about them and from where she had got her information.”
“Who are you talking about John?” Alice asked anxiously as her fears for her sister mounted by the second.
John looked at Peter and Alice and after an inner struggle he decided that because of the disappearance of Sarah that he would have to come clean and tell them everything, no matter that he would then be putting them in danger too.
“Let’s go somewhere quiet, what I have to say is not for student’s ears, nor anyone else’s come to that.”
After gulping down the remains of his drink, he led them in to the grounds of the university and stopped when they reached a bench situated in the middle of a grassed area, it was under a large spreading tree and shaded them from the hot sun. His first words were.
“First, you must both agree to keep everything that I tell you a secret, because if you tell anyone, and the Brotherhood get to hear of it, you will not only endanger your own lives, but those who you confided in. Now, both of you must give me your solemn promise or I will stay silent, as I should have done with Sarah. You see, the Brotherhood are creatures of Hell.”
Alice almost laughed in his face but Peter’s next words stunned her in to silence.
“It is all right John, I know all about the Brotherhood, you see my father left me the boat that I live on and thirty ancient books written between the ninth and the thirteenth centuries. In the oldest book, a book entitled Daemons, which is unknown to anyone in this century or the last, as he had kept it in a safe deposit box along with a second book, the author, a priest, wrote amongst other things about the Brotherhood. Initially, I dismissed it as one more religious myth, but it told me enough to hold my interest. My wife and I investigated it, but unfortunately, they are never mentioned again by any writer, new or old, except that is within the second book, it was written in the thirteenth century and entitled The Spawn of Hell. It told me of the Amulet of Ansgar, which I am now on the track of, and more about the Brotherhood and how they were immortal, or I should say are. It also included the names of some whom the priest believed to be its original and very notable members. Using their family trees, I believe that I have managed to trace the ancestral line of a number of their number.” Peter then added. “Of course, I have not approached any of them, for to do so could either be highly dangerous, or rather embarrassing, if they were not the spawn of Hell.”
“My god Peter!” John Mitcham exclaimed. “Have you translated the two books in to English yet, they must be published, they are a most important find?” John asked, his voice full of excitement.
“Yes, John, my wife and I translated them from Latin in to modern English, however, as regards the second book, we decided not to publish it, not until we had the Amulet of Ansgar in our possession. Now that the Brotherhood have surfaced so blatantly, for them, as they are mentioned in both books then no, I will not publish them. However, I will allow you and whoever else knows of the Brotherhood to read the two ancient books, it might help them to decide on their own future actions as regards these creatures of Hell.”
Peter’s comments were accepted by John, but Alice had disbelief spread all over her face, unfortunately, Peter did not notice it as he now told Alice a little about their enemy.
“Alice, I will of course tell you all about the Brotherhood, for both you and your sister are in the gravest danger from them. These creatures are an evil that is almost as old as Man himself and they are surely on a par with the vampire, which I only found out recently are not fiction. They both need humans to exist, the only difference is that while the vampire will occasionally kill, they usually just drink our blood, leaving their victims weakened but alive. However, the members of the Brotherhood take everything from their victims and leave their souls to exist as mere imprisoned shades, the creatures possessing the body and their new host’s brain.” Peter explained grimly. “They completely take over the lives of the former human, with no fear of being found out, being able to speak using the host’s vocal cords and they also have access to their host’s memory. As I said before, they have existed unnoticed ever since they arrived on the surface of the Earth to live off Man. The ancient writer I used states that they started some of the ancient plagues in order to keep our numbers down, even wars, they think of us only as serfs to do their bidding, while they are the elite. Why do you think that many of our good ideas are poo-hooed, rubbished and finally shelved?”
Alice was shocked in to continued silence by Peter’s words, only her earlier experience with the nun prevented her mounting disbelief and growing anger from finding a vocal form. As for Peter, after allowing a few seconds for his words to sink in, he then added.
“If we managed to find and then to kill one of them, his spirit would head for the nearest human body to bind its own spirit and then use the body as its own. One good point, they cannot leave their chosen host until it is dead, however, the only way to kill the spirit of one of their kind is with fire. They must be consumed in fire, dying from the flames not the smoke, only then will you see their spirit, as it burns, just like that of a real witch, one who is a follower of the devil that is.” He then added a further warning. “Alice, it is said that like the vampire, they can hypnotize their victims, this allows a dying member to pass in to his chosen body, if time and circumstances permit.”
Alice looked at Peter incredulously, neither knowing whether to believe him or dismiss his story as just that, a work of fiction, but for one moment fear that it could all be true won out and she turned to look at John and said angrily.
“And to think I was worried about Sarah and me catching a mutated strain of COVID-19.” Her pent-up fears now came to the surface and she exclaimed. “Now, according to you John, I have to fear for our very souls!” Her eyes flashing her anger and for the moment, making John believe that she too was of the Brotherhood.
John, temporarily afraid, did not reply, he merely hung his head in shame as Alice continued.
“So that is the grand master plan, we simply set light to people who may or may not be these creatures from Hell, and if they are, but die of a heart attack before the flames fully consume their bodies, then it is game over for us too.” Alice said contemptuously, adding. “And if in fact these creatures do exist, that they really have taken her, then how can we possibly mount a rescue mission to free her?”
Her outburst had attracted some attention making John beg her to keep her voice down and then he continued.
“Only two men I know might be able to save her. Professor Myrddin Llewellyn and his friend and ally Father Alun Mason.”
“Professor Llewellyn, the museum curator who makes those history programmes for television?” Peter asked incredulously.
“Yes, that professor, but I will now tell you something that you do not know about him.” John said angrily, for although he had been stung by Alice’s outburst, he had now recovered. “Do you recollect the gruesome murders in Chapeltown?”
When Peter and Alice nodded, obviously intrigued, he continued.
“I will tell you some facts that did not make the newspapers, the murderers were vampires, real ones, not wannabees. The professor, his friend, along with me and three other students, we slew the vampires, it culminated in a raid on their nest where we would all have died if the professor had not killed three of them single handedly.
Peter already respected Myrddin, now, if this story was true, he saw that there was another side to the professor, he was a real-life hero, one that he would be honoured to meet. John interrupted his thoughts.
“I will call them now Alice and tell them what has happened to your sister. They know more about the Brotherhood, apart from Peter that is, than anyone outside of the evil group.”
He took out his smart phone and called Myrddin on it, he was lucky, for Myrddin answered the call within three seconds, to John’s relief, for he was feeling very guilty about the disappearance of Sarah, as was only right. Myrddin was sitting in his office in the Chapeltown museum and he listened as John bravely put the archaeologist fully in to the picture regarding his careless talk and of the missing woman, then John waited for the recriminations to come, which they did, thick and fast.
“John, I advised the four of you to say nothing about them, yet you willingly went against my advice and now you see the result of your foolishness.” Myrddin said angrily. “You cannot blame your drunken state, knowing what you do, you should know your limit and not go beyond it. In doing so, you have put your life in the gravest danger, and also the lives of, the kidnapped woman, her sister, her friend and maybe even those of Neil, Bridget and Joan who aided us in our fight against the vampires in Chapeltown.”
Myrddin allowed just a few seconds for his words to sink in before continuing on in a friendlier tone.
“Never mind John, what is done is done, if you lie low there is every chance that the Brotherhood will leave you alone, however, we cannot allow them to harm Sarah Waterstone. I will come down to Christchurch and speak to Alice Waterstone and Peter Davidson so that we can decide on a plan of action.” Myrddin said and then added. “John, you do realise that the woman may just have gone off somewhere?”
“Without any of her clothes, toothbrush and whatever.” John replied angrily, mostly with himself.
“Oh, you did not say that before John, and yes it obviously changes things, and yes, her disappearance is probably, in fact almost certainly, down to foul play. Which, John, brings me right back to my earlier reprimand of your careless talk.” Myrddin replied icily and then went on to add a warning. “John, I believe that the Dean of your university is one of the Brotherhood, for the next few days take care, do not find yourself alone with him. Unfortunately, I only learned of this yesterday, in fact, I was about to warn you of it and renew my earlier warning that you should keep what we know top secret.”
Fear gripped John Mitcham on hearing this, but even so he asked.
“Professor, this is my fault, can’t I help in the search?”
“Allow others to do the preliminary work John, you can help, just as you did before, when the rescue mission is launched. Okay?”
“Thank you, Professor, but I will hold you to your promise.”
“In the meantime, say nothing about Sarah or Alice, or about the devil and his disciples, and John, do not go out at night alone. I believe that there are less than three weeks in which to mount a rescue mission. Thankfully, it is not as if we have no idea as to their location, I too have been studying them since they came to our attention, and I do know many of their lairs, and their members too.” Myrddin said and then asked.
“John, will you give me the mobile telephone numbers for Alice Waterstone and Peter Davidson.”
He got them from Alice and Peter and passed them on to Myrddin who then rung off, and before John could ask the question, why three weeks. In fact, Myrddin correctly believed that with All Hallow’s Eve being less than three weeks away now, the Brotherhood would choose to sacrifice her to their dark lord, Lucifer. He had chosen not to reveal this to John as it would only add to the weight already weighing down upon John’s conscience.
After putting the phone down, Myrddin spoke to his assistant at the museum, telling her that he was taking two weeks of his holiday early to sort out a personal problem. Then he returned to his house where he phoned his friend, Father Alun Mason, to ensure that he would be in that afternoon, promising to reveal the reason for his sudden visit when he got there. Finally, he packed a travelling bag, feeling terrible, for his call on his friend would not be out of friendship, it was because he would need his help if they were to rescue a young damsel in distress, and in doing so, endangering his friend. He planned to drive down to Christchurch on Sunday to speak to Peter, that is until Peter called him later that night, asking if he and Alice could call on him instead, but later in the week. Myrddin asked them to head instead for the house of his friend, giving Peter the address, which in any case, was nearer to them, but to call first as they too had things to do. He then added.
“We probably only have three weeks left before they sacrifice Sarah to Lucifer, we will be cutting it fine if you leave it too long.”
“I understand Professor, the Satanic festival of All Hallow’s Eve, but what I have to do is important if we are to survive the coming three weeks.”

**********

Myrddin arrived at his friend’s house to find him in good health, and after the usual greetings, he told Father Mason about the missing Sarah Waterstone, of John Mitcham’s indiscretion and finally about Alice and Peter and their search for the missing woman. This would be their first real mission against the Brotherhood, Myrddin’s last meeting with them had been both fleeting and violent, because at that time their main enemy had been the vampires of Cymru.
“I intend to help them Alun, I must because they can know nothing about who, or how powerful an enemy, they face. The local senior policeman, the MP, the local hospital consultant, all could be members of the Brotherhood, that or those same people could well be in awe of the actual members of the Brotherhood because of their elevated position in life, which gives them power over us ordinary mortals.”
“Agreed, Myrddin, but with the mystical sword and the spear that you were given in our fight against the vampires two years ago, we might well come out on top.”
“We might do Alun, but what I fear will be the result of our victory, what will the Brotherhood do, nothing, so that they do not come to the attention of the authorities, or will they come at us in greater numbers, to destroy any who have already learned of their presence?”
“Well, we Myrddin can hardly not do anything, we owe it to the human race to fight them, whatever the personal cost to us and those who choose to stand by our side.”
“You are right my old friend, for a second I allowed the hell-fiends to get inside my brain. No, we will fight them, we will put the fear of God in to them, for Lucifer will not come to their aid, he only likes winners, not those who are about to be defeated.” Myrddin declared loudly. “We already know many of their members in the south of England or at least those who we suspect to be members of the Brotherhood. If we can locate Sarah Waterstone and then strike hard and fast, we might catch them by surprise and win this first battle.”
“I hope so Myrddin, but then we will have to look to our own security, for as you said earlier, they may not take it lying down.” Father Mason said forlornly and then added.
“If only we could get someone in the government or security forces to join our cause, then we could take the battle to them nationwide.” Father Mason said and then added. “Myrddin, I have heard of two men who might believe us, they are supposed to be members of the security services who have battled evil before, could we talk to them tomorrow?”
“No, Alun, but we could speak to them after the coming battle, but not before we succeed in freeing Sarah Waterstone, just in case they choose not to believe us, for then they might choose to interfere with our plans.” Myrddin replied and then added.
“You should also bear an unpleasant fact in mind Alun. If we find that the kidnappers of Sarah are indeed members of the Brotherhood, then we will have to kill them, no matter how distinguished their members are, should they attempt to interfere with our rescue plans or come after us in retaliation for our audacity.”
“I assume that you did not receive a cryptic warning in your dreams Myrddin, as you did the last time we went up against creatures from Hell?” Father Mason asked.
“No, Alun.” Myrddin replied. “Maybe it is because the Brotherhood have always been with us, while last time the vampires could be seen as new arrivals on the scene even though they had been entombed in Chapeltown for 1500 years.”

**********

During the journey back to Peter’s boat, Alice silently went over all that she had been told, of vampires and other hell-fiends. How could it be true, she asked herself, surely it was not even remotely possible, had she fallen in to the clutches of a fool, one who would waste her time, and would she have to live with her sister’s death because of him. However, she did like Peter and so she decided to give Peter a chance to convince her that all that had been said was in fact true, but if he could not, she thought anxiously, then she would have to continue her search alone. Therefore, she did not voice her fears that all this talk of hell-fiends was just so much rubbish, instead she waited. However, Peter remained quiet for the journey back and one hour after speaking with John Mitcham, Peter and Alice walked back on-board Peter’s boat, and without thinking the matter through, Peter did mention All Hallow’s Eve, but to Alice, not to John.
“From the little that we know about your sister’s disappearance Alice, and if this was a movie, then with All Hallow’s Eve being under three weeks away, and it being on your sister’s birthday, the 31st of October, plus with her being a virgin, the Brotherhood might want to offer her up as a sacrifice to Lucifer.”
Seeing the consternation in Alice’s eyes he cursed himself for being a fool and hastily added. “I am sorry Alice, for speaking without thinking, and causing you unnecessary pain. Of course, we should first attempt the more obvious ways, put her picture in all of the local papers, ask for information regarding her whereabouts.” His last words spoken fast and almost indecipherable.
“Peter, I have already had her photograph inserted in to all of the local papers, all I got were weirdos calling me, it did no good whatsoever. I also used Facebook and Twitter with the same result. I had hoped that you might have another idea for me to try.”
Peter saw that the time for plain speaking had come and so he took the bit between his teeth and declared.
“Alice, if what John and I believe is true, that Sarah has been taken by disciples of the devil, it would mean that you were correct about your nightmares, that they had been sent to you for a purpose. It would also explain the marks that appeared each night on your skin.”
Alice looked at Peter and as Peter had launched on his final chance to convince her, she asked.
“I feared at the time that the marks could be psychosomatic, and I still wonder if that was the correct answer.” She then asked. “For what purpose Peter, my nightmares, why do you say they were sent to me for a purpose?”
“Only that I believe that your nightmares did have a supernatural origin, and that they were sent as a warning to you, warning you to do nothing that might bring the kidnappers to public notice.” It was then that a thought occurred to Peter, one which prevented Alice from immediately disputing his reply.
“Alice, did your sister have a computer or a tablet?”
“Yes, an iPad, why?”
“Did you look at her emails?” Peter asked.
“You think that Sarah could have been groomed by the younger of the two men, Mark Page? No, Peter, I did not think to look in to her private life and the police never bothered to ask about it.” Alice replied. “You think that we should check them out, to see if we can trace Sarah that way?” Alice asked and then added rather anxiously. “Peter, the younger of the two men did display some interest in her birth date.” Once again Alice swayed towards his way of thinking.
“There is no knowing just when he took an interest in her Alice, it could have been on the day, that the three men were looking for a suitable candidate for their black mass. However, if John is correct about the Brotherhood being behind her disappearance, then she was chosen just before Sarah returned for the weekend.”
“You are saying that they took her as a sacrifice at a Satanic black mass.” Alice wailed fearfully, dismissing the latter part of Peter’s reply.
Alice had finally found an argument that she could work with, the kidnappers could just be Satanists, perverts of the first degree that liked to dance naked around a fire and have group sex in the open air, but certainly not the real thing, for obviously, they did not exist. Or did they? Her mind was now so very confused between the modern beliefs of what is, and the beliefs that were so very real in the distant past.
They left Peter’s boat in silence and walked along to Alice’s house; she was willing to concede that a wannabee Satanist may have taken her sister. However, her mind still fought against the thought of an actual hell-fiend, even though the marks that followed her nightmares said otherwise. They finally got to her house and as soon as she had opened the door she called out. “Sarah, are you home, Sarah.”
However, silence greeted her call, so Alice went upstairs and returned with an iPad which she turned on, knowing the password and she checked on her Sarah’s email account. However, they found nothing that led them towards Page, nor to a club or sect of any sort.
“Okay, Alice, maybe your initial dark thoughts were correct, if so, we should move our search to London, to the British Library. If we are going up against a serious supernatural enemy, as John Mitcham believes and you yourself have indicated that you also do, from your use of paranormal protection measures, then I think that we should procure some serious protection. What I want us to do is to search through their books in search of anything relating to the Amulet of Ansgar, I was about to in any case, search for its last known location.”
Alice’s eyes narrowed as she looked at Peter, and then she asked angrily. “What the hell has an ancient amulet got to do with finding my sister?”
“Nothing at all, Alice, however, if we can locate it, the writer of the ancient book that I mentioned at Walchester, noted that it would provide the holder and his followers, providing they were with feet of the amulet, with protection against the demons of Hell. Should the creep that we are after prove to be a real-life Satan loving Satanic creature, and one with real powers, we will be in need of the amulet’s protection.”
Alice, had accepted that the kidnappers could be wannabe Satanists, but that was as far as she wanted to go, anything else she felt would probably go against the teachings of the Church. From the beginning she had wanted Peter to offer her a quick and very normal solution to her problem, which he was now obviously unable to provide. So, her expression had got darker if anything as she replied.
“I came to you to help me find my sister, and you, John Mitcham and some professor in Wales are only interested in the Devil. Peter, this is serious, she is missing, she could be in imminent danger, we need to begin our search for her. Now.” Alice said angrily, tears sliding down her cheeks as her feelings of trust melted quicker than an ice-cream in the Greek summer’s sunshine.
Peter understood that Alice was under considerable stress and of the almost impossible mind change that she would have to undergo in order to believe in the Brotherhood, so he replied softly.
“Please trust me Alice, I am beginning the search, and for the group of people that you actually feel are responsible for your sister’s disappearance, even if your conscious mind refuses to admit it. If you truly believe that she has been taken by a couple of perverts, then I am not equipped to help you, I am a historian, not a private detective, nor am I a policeman. However, you yourself have purchased protection against the supernatural, which worked, you already believe that your sister’s disappearance has nothing to do with normal perverts.” He then added quizzically, and mostly to himself. “If perverts can ever be thought of as normal people?”
Alice, in spite of her anger, smiled at his question and this change in her emotions also caused her to re-evaluate all that she had previously known against what she had heard that day. She thought about what else he had said and then once more about the picture of the amulet, his wife appearing to her as a young nun and then she looked back at him and her reluctance to believe in the paranormal finally gave way and she sighed.
“Okay, I concede that, you could be right Peter, my nightmares were not stress related and they were hardly manufactured by a normal pervert. The appearance of your wife dressed in a nun’s habit is also hard to explain in any other way. I just did not want it to be so, part of me still does not. I wanted you to ridicule what John Mitcham told us, to ridicule my actions and to tell me the normal actions that I have to take to find Sarah.” Once again, she felt that maybe, she could trust Peter.
“Alice, if it was indeed a genuine Satanic creature, then we must take the time to search for the amulet, which is why we must begin our search in the best library in the world. We have the time available to us, we can spend a week attempting to track down some real protection and then we can get on the trail of the Satanic enemies, real or wannabees, and with a chance of coming through it alive.”
Alice reluctantly agreed and so they decided to go to London on Monday. Peter now made the telephone call to Myrddin, delaying their meeting. Alice felt the minutes drag by but finally, Monday morning arrived and she packed a suitcase with clothes for seven days, just in case the search did in fact take that long. She also packed her protection in her case, just in case she told herself. Alice then called her boss and asked to take two weeks holiday, starting from now, to recover from the stress caused by her sister’s disappearance. Her boss had already noticed how it had affected her so he had agreed, even if it was not really the best time for her to be away. Five minutes later, Peter arrived in his car and they drove up to London where they were booked in to a hotel, luckily, it was near to the library. They had lunch, so that they would not be hungry during their search, then they went to the British Library, where, as Peter was well known to the staff, they were able to look through its ancient volumes.
After skimming through the first five books without finding anything referring to the amulet or a Dane named Ansgar, Alice was about to call it a day, but then she saw it. After another hour, this time on the internet, she exclaimed.
“Peter, I have found it, it states in this book that King Harald of Norway was thought to have brought the amulet of Ansgar to England. However, it was lost following his death at Stamford Bridge when his army was defeated by King Harold of England in 1066. Later, it was thought to be the property of a priest named Michael of York who visited Byland Abbey, staying in the guesthouse in the year 1284, there he became ill and died. The amulet was thought to have been passed on to the Wivet family, who were also staying at guesthouse, Josiah Wivet paying the Abbot a handsome amount for the amulet. The book does not mention it again but on the internet, I found a small note referring to the Wivet family. It tells us that in the early 15th century, the family were in need of money to pay off the gambling debts of the then head of the family and so they were forced to sell many religious relics and devices to Jeremiah Davies. Davies was a collector of such articles, and four centuries later, his family went bankrupt and sold off their collection of paranormal relics and devices to the official Museum of Daemons and Witchcraft, where the amulet was shown off until quite recently as an exhibit. The need for money must have caused the new owner to move the amulet to the museum shop, where it is now, it is on sale for £750.” Alice said looking at the screen of her smart phone. “See, here it is.” She said showing Peter her smartphone screen.
“Could it be that simple, that you have actually found the genuine artefact and after less than a day’s searching?” Peter asked quizzically. “Alice, you are brilliant.”

**********

The local members of the Brotherhood, after their initial success in kidnapping Sarah, discussed the situation regarding Alice, John and of course Sarah. They knew that John had spoken to Alice and also to one man who as yet was a stranger to them, for they had one of their members keeping a watch on John after Giles Routledge had overheard Sarah talking about their group. They knew that John Mitcham knew Myrddin, who had met one of their number, Ian Jacobson, when they had both fought a vampire in Chapeltown. It was the vampire who had told Myrddin of the Brotherhood and that Jacobson was a member. Jacobson was the local MP for the Chapeltown area, which was where Myrddin lived and worked. As of yet, Myrddin had not bothered Jacobson or the Brotherhood, but, if Mitcham spoke to him regarding the missing young woman, would Myrddin decide to involve himself in the search for Sarah Waterstone or, knowing the dangers, choose to do nothing as he had done following his defeat of the vampires?
“We should have taken him out as soon as he found out about the Brotherhood, him, the four students and the priest. We could have blamed it on the vampires, Sir James Hardwick in his position as the Commissioner of the Metropolitan police could have stopped any further investigation in to their deaths and no one would have been any the wiser. Miles Caustin in his position as the Home Secretary would have backed him up.” Elbridge declared angrily.
“It could have gone drastically wrong, as you know, and then, two of our most powerful men in the UK would have been compromised, no it was too risky, as we decided back then. However, if we were to just dispose of Myrddin and the priest now, say in a motoring accident, then the others, even the sister, might be warned off.” Lord Ashen, who was in charge of the UK branch of the Brotherhood, stated firmly. “Elbridge, you and Page, can handle it, Page knows a bit about mechanics while you are a good organiser.”
Elbridge nodded but stayed silent for a moment before asking.
“How is Giles Routledge coping with our unwilling guest?”
“She appears to have accepted her captivity, she has not complained or screamed any abuse at her jailers, she has however, sobbed herself to sleep, so your wife tells me.” Ashen replied.
Elbridge looked and felt embarrassed by this remark, for unfortunately, his wife was still annoyed with him at being made to look after the woman, and had refused to speak to him since they had kidnapped Sarah. He then thought about what Ashen had said, Sarah appeared to be of another age, of the time of Arthur and the ancient magician Myrddin perhaps.
Above them, in a room on the top floor of the house, Sarah looked out of its window at the grounds of the house and the field of Rapeseed beyond that stretched on seemingly for ever. She waited and waited for someone to appear so that she could wave to them and somehow convey to them that they should call the police, but no one came. The gardener beneath her window ignored her, except to smile at her and wave, for he too was in the Brotherhood who preferred the country life to one of power and position. His wife, a member too, was of a similar frame of mind. It had all started when centuries ago he had been forced to take a gardener as a host when he had died unexpectedly and his chosen host had been too far away to use. However, he had taken to the life and he had chosen gardeners as his subsequent hosts.
Angered by his attitude to her imprisonment, Sarah realised that her escape depended solely upon herself. She turned to her cot and pushing the mattress off, and after much work, she finally managed to prise loose one of its six metal legs. She intended to use the leg on whoever brought up her meal that evening, should she be given just half a reasonable chance of success, unfortunately, there were two men that night. Annoyed, she settled down to eat her meal, there would a better opportunity the next day, or the day after. However, later, as she settled down to sleep, a curious feeling of wellbeing came over her, and she heard a hushed voice saying to her.
“Fear not Sarah, for your white knights will be coming to help you, just have a little patience.”
Sarah instantly fell in to a deep sleep and awoke the next morning feeling more refreshed than she had for a long time.

Chapter Two

The Amulet of Ansgar

“How long will it take to drive down to Cornwall, Peter, to the museum of Daemons and Witchcraft?”
“Six hours, if we were to push it and if the traffic is not too heavy, best if we leave early tomorrow morning, although first I thought that we would make a bit of a detour and drop in on John Mitcham’s professor, he is with his friend in Somerset, so not too far out of the way.”
Alice looked at her new friend and said quietly.
“It is still a detour Peter, and will delay and lengthen our trip, but you are the one driving, so if you are up to it then it is okay by me.” Alice then added. “It might be worth it though, after all, he may be able to help us to locate my sister, for according to John Mitcham, this professor is the only other expert on the Brotherhood.” Alice thought for a moment, smiled and added. “Once we have the amulet, assuming it is the genuine article, you are right Peter, it will hopefully offer us some protection from whatever our Satanic friends send against us, should they try to harm us. Assuming they are the real thing too.”
“While it would be easier to go up against a group of wannabes Alice, the real thing will be easier to locate as they will most likely find and attack us to prevent our rescuing Sarah, who after all is their sacrifice to their dark lord.” Peter ventured.
“I don’t know which would be best then Peter, a long search for a wannabe with the hope of an easy rescue, or the need to protect ourselves from a devil’s disciple who just might lead us to Sarah.”
Alice now agreed that Satanists were the most likely kidnappers of her sister, or failing them even the Brotherhood, that being so, she was all for recruiting help in the rescue of her sister, she knew that alone the chance of her succeeding were slim, for even with Peter helping her the odds would be against them.
Peter smiled at her as he called Myrddin to tell him that they would be calling on him the next day. They had dinner at a small restaurant, here they attempted to put the Satanists out of their minds, and they succeeded for a while, although the walk back to the hotel brought their fears back, but they were on an up and so they had an early night and even managed a good night’s sleep. The next morning, after a hearty breakfast, they set off for Somerset. Using Peter’s Satnav, they found their way to Father Mason’s house, which being on the English side of the River Severn was nearer to them than Chapeltown, which was in Wales. They were greeted by Myrddin and his friend Father Mason and as Peter was feeling tired after the long drive, he in particular was glad of the rest. Professor Myrddin Lewellyn, had a broad Welsh accent, was aged 50 with longish dark brown hair, brown smiling eyes and an intelligent and handsome face. He was of medium height, medium build and hardly the heroic figure of Hollywood. His friend, Father Alun Mason, was tall and slim, aged 62 with neatly cut greying hair and greyish eyes to match, he also had an intelligent and handsome face and he looked not unlike the actor Christopher Lee, but one with a slight Welsh accent.
After the usual introductions, Father Mason smiled at his two guests and said while gesturing with his hand.
“Both of you, come in to the front room and sit yourselves down, I will make us all a cup of tea, I am sure that you are both in need of one, and a biscuit too I bet.”
With a cup of hot tea now in his hand, Peter told them about the Amulet of Ansgar and of the possible protection it offered and finally, its possible location. He then went on to say.
“Assuming it is the genuine article, the time spent in acquiring it will be time well spent, and as very few people know about it, I am hoping that it is the genuine article.”
“I am one of those few people who have heard about the amulet Peter, but I thought it to be long lost, in any case, I imagined it to be just an ancient artefact with a colourful but incorrect tale attached to it.” Myrddin said and then added. “But then, I had not read either of your two books.”
“I too may have wondered as you have done, if not for two paranormal events, one witnessed by Alice and another by myself.” Peter began and he now had everyone’s attention.
“Alice was advised to seek me out and ask for my help in finding her sister, quite ordinary you might suppose, except Alice said the person who gave her the advice was my wife, dressed as a nun. You should both understand that my wife died six months ago and could not have spoken to her, under normal circumstance that is, and especially dressed as a nun.”
Peter looked at the two men and not seeing complete disbelief upon their faces, continued.
“The second instance not even Alice is aware of.” Peter said looking for a moment at Alice and seeing her increased interest he continued. “I too have heard the voice of my dead wife, it was just before Alice came aboard my boat, she asked me to help Alice to find her sister as she had been kidnapped by followers of Lucifer.” Peter then added. “I thought that I was going quietly mad, that is until Alice came aboard and told me that my wife had spoken to her and of her missing sister. Then, I knew that my wife had actually visited me from the great beyond. I then decided to search for the amulet, for my wife had also stressed the importance of finding it, after asking me to help Alice.”
Alice was stunned by Peter’s revelation, and Myrddin and Father Mason, although not stunned, they were a little surprised, but then they had been given mystical weapons to fight evil, and by a supernatural being, it had been when fighting the vampires of Cymru. They both decided to accept his words as the truth, unless the future proved Peter to actually be insane, or to have lied to them for reasons as yet unknown.
“In that case Peter, we will accompany you to Cornwall, for the amulet, if it is the genuine article, could save your lives, and ours, because we also intend to accompany the two of you on your rescue mission.” Myrddin said and then added hastily “If that is okay with the two of you of course?”
Peter and Alice were both delighted to have some help and said so and Myrddin then turned to his friend and asked.
“Alun, can you put our two friends up for the night, then we can all make an early start in the morning and journey together to Cornwall to inspect the amulet and if it seems to be genuine, purchase it.”
“Of course.” Father Mason replied and then turned to Peter adding. “That is if Peter does not mind sleeping rough for the one night, for my house is on the small side.”
Rough meant the settee, Myrddin shared Alun’s bed while Alice had the spare bed that Myrddin had been using.

**********

If the Brotherhood had known about their intended trip regarding the amulet, they would have immediately attacked the house and killed the occupants, making it appear to be just another violent house invasion. As it was, they did not know, which was why Elbridge and Page were conducting the wrong covert mission in the early hours of the morning. The Brotherhood had followed Myrddin to his friend’s house and reported back to Elbridge who had arranged with Page to make their move against their enemy that night, Elbridge had other things to attend to before that fateful day and night. Myrddin’s car was their target, they were walking as quietly as was possible over the gravel drive in front of Father Mason’s home. On reaching it, Page dropped to the floor and using a pair of cutters he cut clean through all the brake-lines that he could reach, and as Father Mason’s house was at the end of a steep and somewhat twisty road, there was every chance that they would both come away from the crash badly hurt or dead. Father Mason used an old but trusty Ford Fiesta, but at the moment it was in his garage.
Page then walked over to Peter’s car and first attached a small electronic surveillance device to the underside of the vehicle, and then a second attached under the wheel arch. They would prove useful if they wanted to follow him after the accident, assuming that he was in range of the tracker. With their work done, Elbridge and Page moved away from the house and drove back to Page’s small cottage where they immediately took to their beds. Come the morning, they would make their way back to the scene of the crime to see what affect Page’s handiwork had produced.

**********

The next morning, after an early breakfast, they all set off, using two vehicles, for Myrddin had decided to take no chances on a breakdown. This diversion was important to him in his quest to prove the Brotherhood real to others and so begin its destruction. Therefore, it had to be written in, but the number of days left to them were getting shorter and they had much to do, and accomplish, before they could start the search for Sarah and plan a rescue mission.
Peter led the way with Alice in his vehicle, they were followed by Myrddin in his Land Rover and with Father Mason seated beside him. As the two vehicles approached the beginning of the hill, first Peter and then Myrddin gently touched their brakes, unfortunately, while Peter’s vehicle slowed a fraction, Myrddin’s began to gently, at first, speed up. Myrddin pressed the brake-pedal again, harder this time, but his car only sped up until his bumper was within inches of the rear bumper of Peter’s car. Peter looked at Myrddin’s car in his rear-view mirror and swore quietly, then he felt Myrddin’s car touch the rear of his own vehicle.
“What the hell is Myrddin playing at?” Peter muttered loudly.
Alice turned to look back at the two men in the following vehicle and saw Father Mason pointing down with both of his thumbs, he was also miming that their brakes had failed, at least that is what Alice believed Alun was saying. One thing was certain, the fear on Alun’s face, it told her that he was scared.
“Peter, I think that their brakes have failed!” She exclaimed loudly.
Peter immediately put his foot on the brake pedal, gently, and kept it there, even after Myrddin’s vehicle bumped in to his one again. Steering his vehicle had now become difficult, what with the pressure being maintained at the rear of his vehicle. Alice closed her eyes as she feared the worst, death seemed certain to her. Peter had told her that their lives would be in danger, if the Satanists were the genuine article, and his and John Mitcham’s theory was now proving to be correct.
Myrddin brought his handbrake up to the halfway point as he had been trained to do by an expert in such situations. Thankfully, they were only in second gear, he now changed down to first gear, gently letting the clutch out and the Land Rover immediately slowed, moving back from Peter’s vehicle, but the hill took over and his vehicle again began to crowd Peter’s vehicle. Finally, thanks to Peter, their speed was such that Myrddin could apply the hand-brake together with using the clutch to stop the car. All four of them got out of their vehicles and everyone was able to breathe a sigh of relief. Myrddin walked over to Peter and he said to him.
“Peter, thank you, if it was not for your superb control of your vehicle then Alun and I could easily have been hurt or even killed.”
“It was lucky that our starting speed at the top of the hill was not too fast, otherwise, it could easily have ended in disaster.” Peter replied and then he added. “Your handling of the situation was not too bad either, many a driver might have panicked.”
“With a life full of danger, I no longer panic Peter, it seldom helps matters.” Myrddin replied.
“Myrddin, was it just chance that it happened just now, or did someone purposely do something to your brakes?” Peter asked.
“I will get the garage that I normally use to tow my car back to their premises, the mechanics there will tell us just how it happened. In the meantime, we need to put some distance between us and the Brotherhood, because I too think that it was just too much of a coincidence. We shall all use your vehicle Peter, and make our escape before they can make another attempt on our lives.”
They quickly moved Myrddin’s and Father Mason’s luggage, which included his sword and the spear to Peter’s estate car, which luckily was large enough to accommodate them. Peter wondered about the antique weapons and hoped that Myrddin was all right in the head, especially after the drive down the hill. Myrddin left his keys to his vehicle under the driver side mat and then put out a warning triangle to warn vehicles coming up the hill of another vehicle’s presence. With that attended to, they set off once again for Cornwall, their enemy had decided to stop them there, but all they had done is to prove to each of them that they were up against the creatures of Hell and not a wannabe. Myrddin asked the garage in Chapeltown to collect his vehicle and told them why. Although it was a forty-minute drive each way, the garage owner knew and liked the professor, so he arranged for a local breakdown vehicle to collect the car. Also, Myrddin always paid his bills immediately, was a generous tipper and always gave the employees at the garage a Christmas drink.

**********

Elbridge and Page arrived at the bottom of the hill just in time to see Myrddin’s Vehicle being taken away and as there was no visible sign of damage, they assumed that somehow, Myrddin was still alive. Page took out his tracking device and there at the very edge of the screen they were able to see where Peter’s vehicle was and that it was moving rapidly away from them. Elbridge immediately turned about and drove westwards, at speed.
While driving, Eldridge gave the matter much thought and he finally came to a decision.
“Mark, phone Sir James Hardwick and ask him to find out who owns the vehicle that we are in pursuit of and also their address.”
Page did as he was requested, luckily, he had taken a note of its number plate for just this sort of reason. He soon got through to Hardwick’s mobile phone, he explained why he had called, given Hardwick the number plate number and the make and model of Peter’s vehicle, and finally, the road that their quarry was travelling along. Hardwick promised to get the information requested by Page, saying that he would call back. He soon found out, and phoned back, he had a name and an address, he also promised to call their man in the Special Branch, he would ask him to pay Peter Davidson’s boat a visit, Hardwick then added.
“If asked at a later date, I will say that I believed Davidson to be involved with someone who we believed to be a terrorist, one who we have been on the track of for some time, so we decided to check up on him while he was away from home.”
Hardwick called their man in the Special Branch and after getting his assistance, he then called another officer who was in the Brotherhood and after explaining why he needed his help he asked.
“Can you have one of your traffic police pull them over?” Adding. “You could tell the officers that we are searching for a silver Ford Mondeo estate car which was involved in a hit and run and that it was thought to be heading southwest on the A38 west of Lulsgate Bottom.”
Thirty minutes later, a police car pulled Peter over, the police driver checked their identities while his colleague checked over their vehicle for signs of damage. When Peter asked what the problem was, the police constable replied that a silver Ford Mondeo estate car had been involved in a hit and run and was thought to be on this road. The police constable then saw Myrddin sitting in the rear of the car.
“It’s Professor Myrddin isn’t it?” He asked in a much friendlier manner.
“Yes, that’s right.” Myrddin replied cautiously.
“My wife and I are both big fans of your television programmes and we bought your last book, we enjoyed it enormously.”
“Thank you, it is good to meet someone who appreciates one’s work, especially the books, they always take a lot of hard work to complete to my own satisfaction.” Myrddin replied smiling now.
The constable turned to his colleague and said to him.
“Forget it Sam, it’s not the vehicle. Professor Myrddin is in the back, he’s all right and would never be involved in a hit and run.”
“Okay, Joe, in any case, there isn’t any sign of damage to the car.”
As soon as the police had driven off, Myrddin and the others pondered the matter.
“I simply do not believe it, it is too much of coincidence, I believe that the Brotherhood wanted to know just who is in the car, that or they want to spook us in to running, leaving Sarah to her fate.” Peter declared angrily.
“Well, Peter, I for one am not about to leave Sarah to her fate, I will go on alone if necessary.” Alice cried out angrily.
“Alice, no one here is about to cut and run, we will get your sister back, be assured of that.” Myrddin said reassuringly.
“One thing.” Father Mason asked. “How did the Brotherhood find us if, as you say Peter, that it is too much of a coincidence?”
“They must have put a tracer on your car Peter, probably when they cut Myrddin’s brake lines.” Alice declared with a smile.”
“Well, if we find one, it will prove that the police stopping us was not a coincidence.” Peter replied and got out of his vehicle.
Soon everyone was out, looking under the car, and it was Alice who found it and Peter who threw it in to the bushes, there it would give their enemy a firm location to puzzle over.
“We had better keep a look out for any vehicles that appear to be following us.” Father Mason suggested.
“Or helicopters even, they can probably afford one, the Brotherhood that is.” Alice added who was now a believer following the two incidents that morning.
“We turn off this road at Bridgewater, maybe we can lose them there.” Myrddin remarked. “If they do manage to get back on our tail.”

**********

Back at Peter’s boat, which was moored in the river Stour at the town of Christchurch, two special branch officers had boarded the boat. Finding it empty, they began to search the boat, Inspector Ronald Talbot, was a member of the Brotherhood, the other was a normal human being. It was Talbot who found the picture of the amulet, it was still laying on top of Peter’s desk, beneath the picture Peter had written a brief summary about the amulet and its supposed mystical powers. Talbot walked off alone and phoned Elbridge to tell him of the amulet and the few words written about it.
“Is there anything to say if they have found it.” Elbridge asked. “The amulet that is, or its whereabouts?”
“Nothing at all.” Talbot replied. “But they are either off on a holiday, which I very much doubt, or, they are on the track of something, we really need to find out just what they are taking so much trouble about.”
Elbridge in turn called Lord Ashen and told him of the picture of the amulet.
“The genuine amulet has been lost for centuries.” Ashen said dismissively. “But this one, if it exists, will probably prove to be a replica, that sort of thing normally is.”
“I have heard of the amulet, vaguely, but just what powers does the genuine article possess?” Elbridge asked.
“As far as I can remember, it kept our kind at bay, but I am not sure, I never came across it, and as it was so long ago, I do not suppose any members of the Brotherhood know any more about it.” Ashen said and after thinking the matter over for a second, he added.
“Look, Elbridge, you can never tell with these ancient relics, better that we take out the four of them immediately, before they can lay their hands on the amulet, where ever it is and what ever powers it may or may not possess. We certainly do not want the actual amulet to fall in to Myrddin’s hands, it could prove highly dangerous to us.”
However, the Brotherhood were not used to dealing with this sort of problem now, they had grown soft and had long forgotten how to take care of the opposition, even their mission against the vampires two years ago had been mostly led by the humans, by Myrddin for the most part. They had grown decadent as they had grown rich and powerful, it was no longer necessary for them to worry about the Church, religious zealots, or the government of the day.
Talbot left his colleague to report in while he rushed off to attend to a private matter. In fact, he arranged with Lord Ashen to use his helicopter to fly west where he met up with Eldridge and Page. The three of them went on again to rendezvous with two of the local members, Sir Lancelot Styles, who was the local MP and finally, a rich business man, Trevor Eames. Both of these men lived near to the A39 which, from their tracker, they knew this was the road that their quarry had taken. After meeting up, the five men drove to a point ahead of their prey. Here they parked, in a powerful SUV procured by Eames, at a roadside cafe on the A39 in Devon, and waited for Myrddin and the others to drive past them. Talbot was armed with his service weapon, a Glock semi-automatic pistol, the latter two both had shotguns and Page had a thin evil looking stiletto dagger, Elbridge was unarmed as he had never liked such things, even when he was a lot younger than he was now.

**********

Peter pulled over at the small roadside cafe, he was hungry and wanted something to eat, they were less than an hour away from the museum and he felt that they had left the opposition far behind them. It came as a surprise to the five members of the Brotherhood to see their quarry park beside them and its driver and passengers walk in to the cafe, especially Page who ducked down in case Alice spotted him, and he voiced his surprise with an expletive, much to the disgust of his fellows.
Myrddin would have preferred to drive on to the museum, but even he was feeling the pangs of hunger and so he did not protest, he merely ordered a Cornish Pasty, with a beer to cure his dry throat. The others also decided on a pasty and a beer and they all looked forward to a short break away from danger, which unknown to them was very close by to them.
Elbridge and his comrades remained sitting in their vehicle outside the cafe, pondering this development. Talbot was the only one of them, during the last two centuries, who had fired his weapon at a human, the others had only shot at game, although Page had used his dagger once, against a local drug dealer who had the temerity to set up stall near to Elbridge’s manor house. Some of the members of the Brotherhood were hard men, like Eames or Talbot, some were narcissistic, like Elbridge and Styles, and some were evil, that is even more so, like Page, a throwback. Their conversation now reflected, to some extent, their differing personalities.
“We will follow them when they leave and wait to see where they lead us.” Talbot declared, attempting to take over the leadership of the team.
“Okay, Talbot, but we must take Myrddin out at the first opportunity, the other two men will not bother us then, as for the woman, she can join her sister.” Eldridge said as he attempted to retain the leadership. “We can force any survivors of our attack to tell us just where they were going and why. If they are after the amulet and it is the genuine article, we can destroy it.”
“Agreed, but we should kill the other two males too, so that there are no witnesses to speak against us.” Page said, his vicious mind and dark soul showing through his mortal body.
“I agree, if the opportunity presents itself, we must kill them all, except the woman who, as Eldridge has stated, can join her sister as a tribute to Lucifer.” Eames said, always content to abide by a majority decision as long as it was not to his detriment.
Styles, while not overly bothered which of the four intended victims lived or died, warned.
“Okay, but we should be careful, there are CCTV cameras everywhere, even here at this cafe.” He said pointing to the one covering the parking area. “I, for one do not want to spend time in a maximum-security prison serving time for their deaths.”
Page looked at Styles and sneered.
“You disgust me Styles, you are scared of your very shadow, you are an immortal, act like one.”
Styles scowled at his colleague and replied to the uncomplimentary comment.
“Not so Page, I merely want to continue to live to enjoy my comfortable style, not languish in prison with a horde of mortal thugs and morons.”

**********

Inside the cafe, Alice, had seen Page crouching low in the front of the vehicle, although he had done his best to hide from her, she now warned the others.
“Mark Page is sitting in the front of that vehicle; they must have been waiting for us.” Then she added. “How did they know that we were going to come along this road?” Alice asked. “We ditched their tracker.”
“Either they had their members watching all of the likely roads or, we have a second tracker attached to my car.” Peter said despondently.
Myrddin looked casually at the five men sitting rather conspicuously inside of the vehicle parked in front of the cafe, then he said to his friends.
“Well, we can hardly look for the device now, no point anyway, as the group outside are definitely members of the Brotherhood, the man sitting next to Page is Sir Rupert Elbridge. I have spent many a spare hour standing hidden outside of his house making a list of all who call on him.”
“In that case Myrddin, it would surely be better if we moved off first; otherwise, they might decide to move off and then we would find them waiting further along the road?” Father Mason said adding. “And I do not believe that it would be to invite us to their place for tea.”
Myrddin smiled at his friend.
“Finish your pasty and beer Alun, if they were going to head off first, they would have done so by now, in any case, this will be our last chance for some hours to enjoy a meal.” Myrddin replied calmly to his friend’s suggestion.
The others agreed and so they ate their pasties, drank their beer and made the men outside wonder if their targets were just going away for a break, or actually on the trail of the amulet. Finally, the four friends finished their meal and Myrddin said in a quiet calm voice.
“I suggest we head off now, I will pay the bill while you all get in to the car, but do not rush yourselves, take your time getting in to the car for we do not want to tell them that we have spotted them and know why they are here.” Myrddin said and got up and went to the counter to pay their bill.
No one offered to pay their part, for their minds were full of the fear or anxiety for the near future, not the few pounds on the bill. When they were back on the road, Peter put his foot down and said to the others.
“We are only an hour away from the museum and it does not close for another four hours. At this speed, providing no other problems arise, we should be all right for time.”
Myrddin nodded and looking at the road behind them he said calmly.
“They do not appear to be following us Peter, however, if we do have another tracker somewhere on the car, they can hang back until they decide to launch their next attack upon us.”
They passed through village after village and were now crossing Exmoor National Park. Peter noticed a sign ahead it was advertising auto-repairs at a local petrol station in the next village. As they approached it, he saw that there was the kind of hoist where the mechanic could work under a vehicle, while standing, it was to one side of the petrol station. With no time to discuss whether to make use of it or not, Peter swung across the road and stopped by the petrol pumps. Having filled up his tank and then paid for the petrol, he asked the attendant about the hoist.
“If you drive round to the rear of the building you should find Jacob working there, it’s his.” The attendant replied.
Jacob seemed interested when Peter told him about there being a tracker on his car and that the group who had placed it there intended him and his friends harm, even so, Jacob asked to see Peter’s driving licence and the vehicle’s documents. When finally assured that the vehicle did indeed belong to Peter, he told him to drive on to the hoist’s platform. Everyone was asked to get out of the vehicle, which they quickly did, not fully trusting the old hoist and then Jacob turned the hoist on and then Peter’s vehicle slowly rose in to the air high enough for them all to look at the underside of it. The tracker was easily spotted, taken off and ditched, Myrddin thanked and paid Jacob for his assistance, who now had a tale to tell to his friends. Once more back inside their vehicle, they resumed their journey, once again they were anxious as to their future. When clear of any buildings, Myrddin asked Peter to pull over for a second, on doing so, Myrddin recovered his weapons from the back of the Mondeo, he kept his sword while Father Mason took the short spear. Peter pulled away again and drove near to the local speed limit wondering just what his new friends expected to do against an enemy armed with an automatic pistol or a shotgun. Unfortunately, Jacob seeing the tracker on the floor stamped on it, because he did not want the owner of the tracker tracing it to his business, as they might come armed and angry and he could do without that.

**********

Page and his confederates had been patiently following on behind their quarry until they noticed that their quarry had stopped. It was Eames who offered up a partly correct reason as to why.
“There is a petrol station just ahead, they must have stopped to fill up.”
However, when they stayed longer than he thought was necessary, he added.
“They must have found the second bug, because there is also a small auto-repair garage located there and I reckon that it finally occurred to them to look for the bug, which means that they also know that we are behind them and that we are probably about to make our move.”
It was then that the signal from the tracker went silent, proving that Eames had been correct about the bug. With that, Page pressed down on the pedal and their vehicle shot forward at speed, for Eames had also told them that the perfect place to take their quarry out was just five miles beyond the village with the auto-repair garage. Elbridge now called Ashen on his mobile phone, being careful not to mention any names.
“We have nearly caught up with our friends, your message should be delivered to them within the next few minutes.”
Ashen’s message being death, Ashen now replied.
“Good, then you can return home in time for tea.”

**********

Myrddin cut across Peter’s thoughts as he thought it time to come out with a very unpalatable truth.
“If we are unable to get the better of our pursuers, by evading them, and they confront us, we cannot allow them to live, should we get the better of them. To do so would mean other humans having their bodies taken over by these hell-creatures, when their time comes to die and be reborn. No, we will have to kill them, but only by using one of our two mystical weapons which, I hope, will stop their dark souls from moving in to our bodies.”
“You mean kill them, like in cold blood!” Alice exclaimed in a very unnatural high-pitched squeal while wondering what mystical weapons.
“Can you think of any other option that will stop them from taking over yet another human’s body and stealing their life, now or sometime in the future and until Hell freezes over?” Myrddin asked softly. “It could even be our bodies that are stolen, if we were to leave them alive.”
Myrddin now noticed the SUV speeding towards them from behind and as it got closer, he could see that the passenger in the front was armed with an automatic pistol while there appeared to be two shotguns poking out through the rear windows.
“They are armed!” He cried out in alarm, noticing that they were driving through open countryside, with no one to witness their deaths. “Be ready to act, because I believe that they intend to kill us all.”
The sword and the spear now began to glow brightly and Alice, wide eyed and with her mouth wide open, exclaimed.
“Oh! Those two mystical weapons.”
Their vehicle swerved as Peter noticed the glow behind him and saw in the rear-view mirror that the two weapons were responsible, he now realised how Myrddin had managed to slay the three vampires.
No one had answered Myrddin’s earlier question, they were too busy getting used to the reality as voiced by Myrddin. Peter now decided to tell the others more of what he had learned about the Brotherhood as he accelerated away from the SUV.
“Myrddin, Alun, there is something important that you should know about the Brotherhood, especially as we might be about to join them in battle. In one of the two ancient books that my father left to me, the writer stated that the creatures have a similar power to that of the vampire, strong hypnotic powers. To put it bluntly, if you look in to their eyes, they will be able to force you to do whatever they wish, even their voice can be used to make you look in to their eyes.” He then added turning to Alice. “This means Alice, that Myrddin is correct in stating that we will have to kill them immediately, that or lose the battle, the war and Sarah.”
Just then Talbot lent out of the front side window and fired at them, the bullet smacking in to the front passenger door causing Alice to cry out in alarm. Eames pushed his shotgun further out through the side window and unleashed both barrels, but the two loads of pellets were badly aimed due to their vehicle following the curve in the road and he missed them completely. Peter responded by accelerating, but the SUV was still catching up so he braked hard and turned off down a twisting narrow road, horn blaring as they sped through a hamlet. He prayed that a local would report the two speeding vehicles, but at the moment he knew it was up to him. Myrddin saw a sign ahead of them that warned of a sharp bend, so he called out loudly to Peter as their vehicle slowed.
“Peter, once we are around the bend stop sharply, with Alun and I both armed with our mystical weapons we have a chance of stopping them here and for good.”
The thought of the ancient glowing sword and spear flashed through Peter’s mind, he knew that if they continued to attempt to out-run their pursuers that he or one of his friends was bound to be hurt, or killed, by the sheer number of shots coming their way, that or by crashing in to an innocent motorist or tree. These thoughts had rushed through his mind in the second after Myrddin had spoken, and he immediately decided to do as he had been ordered. As they came out of the bend in the road, he put his foot hard down on the brake pedal, a loud and very angry sound of the ABS braking system engaging followed his action, almost deafening him and the others. His vehicle had come to a stop some thirty feet from the bend, he knew that this would not suit their aims, so telling everyone to wait, he reversed towards the bend, stopping abruptly just ten feet from it.
When the car stopped, Myrddin and Father Mason leapt out of the Ford Mondeo, followed by Alice and Peter, all of them a little stunned by the abrupt change in speed of the charging Mondeo. Myrddin and Alice were on one side of the road while Alun and Peter were on the other side. They were all hidden behind the trees that lined this part of the narrow road, ready for anything that the future held for them.
The SUV sped around the sharp bend, Page seeing the stopped vehicle too late, he turned the steering wheel in panic while braking, his brakes making a similar angry noise to that of the Mondeo. However, the heavy vehicle did not come to an immediate halt, it ploughed on in to the shrubs that ran around the edge of the field, which were on either side of the road. This resulted in lifting the front of the vehicle off the ground, but it only stopped moving when its rear wheels were firmly held by the plant’s thick branches.
One thought sped through Myrddin’s mind, oh my god, suppose any of them are killed in the crash? Filled with fear for his friends, and himself, he looked at the five men for signs that they were alive as he and his friends pushed through the bushes and in to the field where the bulk of the SUV was now sitting.
Talbot had not been wearing a seat belt, as he had been leaning out through the side window to fire his weapon, his shoulder had been thrown painfully against the window frame, only his supernatural strength stopping him from suffering a serious injury. He opened his eyes and groaned with pain.
Eames, who had been sitting in the back seat, had lost his weapon when his head had connected with his airbag, stunning him badly he too groaned, loudly as he climbed out of the crashed SUV.
Elbridge and Styles had also been sitting in the back seat, they too had been stunned by their airbags, which had saved their lives. They now both began to struggle out from beneath the airbags, groaning, and once in the field, stood there stunned.
Alice and Peter rushed forward and collected the two shotguns of Eames and Styles, which were on the ground either side beside the SUV. Talbot’s pistol had ended up at Myrddin’s feet in the field and he had pocketed it already.
Page had come around first and swearing loudly, he got out of the SUV and pulled out his dagger, then he lunged towards Myrddin, seeing him as the greater danger. Myrddin did not hesitate, he thrust his sword at Page, the blade piercing the man’s heart and killing him immediately. Myrddin panicked momentarily, for the thought that his weapon might not be effective against Page’s dark soul crossed his mind, if so, this would allow Page to take over his body. To one side of him he heard Alice cry out as she witnessed the death of a person, before she remembered that it only resembled a human being, in reality it was a creature of Hell. A moment later and they all saw a black shape, Page’s dark soul, rise out of the dead body, Myrddin thought, ‘this is it, my end has come’, but then the black soul exploded, Excalibur had terminated its immortality. Myrddin looked down at Page’s corpse and suddenly it crumbled in to a pile of a foul-smelling dust, only to be blown away by the breeze that had suddenly sprung up from nowhere. Even his clothes had gone, anything that he had worn for any length of time had turned to dust and had been blown away.
The four surviving supernatural creatures were all standing in the field and beside their vehicle. They had seen Page’s end and now they cringed away from Myrddin and Father Mason, momentarily too stunned to use their hypnotic ability, no longer confident of their immortality. Their fear increased as they felt their strength draining away, for the two mystical weapons drew their energy from the followers of Lucifer and it passed some of it on to Myrddin and Alun. Supercharged, the weapons also created a mental link between the Myrddin and Alun, much to their surprise. The weapons now caused a black aura to surround the members of the brotherhood, Myrddin had seen one around Page’s body, but he had not had time to take it in before he had been forced to kill the creature of Hell.
Alice kept her eyes averted from the creatures of Hell, but she had recovered quickly from witnessing Page’s death, she asked the one question she wanted answered above all else.
“Tell me where you have taken my sister, only then will you all survive, or do you want to test your own dark souls against our mystical weapons?”
“A good question Alice, however, if they do not want to cooperate then I should be able to locate her, using what I already have learned about the Brotherhood, after we have slain them all that is.”
Eames found a tiny morsel of his old self and said trying to sound confident while attempting to us his hypnotic power upon Myrddin.
“There is no way that you will find her, we have her hidden away in a place that you will never find, she is ours. Why don’t you all just surrender your wills to our minds, it will be a lot easier on you to yield to us now.”
Myrddin felt Eames attempting to gain control of his brain but he felt an equal power running through him from his sword so he smiled and looked directly in to Eames’ eyes and said confidently.
“Oh, you mean that she is imprisoned in Elbridge’s pad, that large gothic monstrosity on the outskirts of Chapeltown.”
Eames, angry that his power was not having any effect upon Myrddin, tried to answer, but he found that he just could not get his reply out, not without laughing. Myrddin suddenly heard a young woman’s voice, she told him.
‘You are wrong Myrddin, although Sarah is being kept in a house with a tower, of sorts, it is elsewhere, it is not Elbridge’s manor house. Myrddin puzzled over who the voice belonged to, and then like a flash, he knew, it had been Peter’s wife, Susan, she was still trying to help them. He turned to Elbridge and smiled at him before saying.
“Now it is your turn Elbridge, I was wrong, wasn’t I, Sarah is not being held within your large gothic mansion, but her whereabouts is known to you, that is for certain.” Myrddin broke off for a second before adding. “I do believe that she is in a house with a tower of some sort, I am right aren’t I, but which one, that is the question?”
Elbridge could not quite understand what had happened, they were immortals, each with the physical strength of two adult males, they had the power of hypnotism, he had felt Eames attempt to use it upon Myrddin, and knew that Eames had failed, how could they still find themselves at such a disadvantage. Seeing this modern day Myrddin as similar to the ancient magician had been, he sought a way that would allow them to turn the tables on their captors, and then it came to him. Of course, it also came with one fatal possibility, the sword and the spear slaying their dark souls, but he could see no other course of action that could prevent the destruction of their dark souls.
“Promise to set us all free and we will take you to her, take it or leave it, for she will die if no one feeds or waters her. Eames is correct in stating that you will never find her without my help. We have the use of a helicopter, one large enough to carry us all, I will ask the pilot to land in the field, he can take us to the house in question in next to no time, and so shorten the time that we must spend together.” Elbridge said a mite too fast while smothering his smile, for he now thought that the dangerous situation that they found themselves in could be reversed, if the pilot had enough intelligence to read between the lines and if this Myrddin was not as clever as his predecessor.
Myrddin frowned, the immortal had obviously seen a way of coming out on top, even given the current situation. Myrddin realised that Elbridge would have to be watched very carefully. Obviously, where ever Sarah was, it was too far to drive to, given the number of people involved, four humans and four creatures from Hell.
Of course, Myrddin knew that they must first obtain the amulet, if as Peter believed it would assist them in their battle against the forces of evil. As for Elbridge he believed that Myrddin had not noticed his indecent haste in offering their helicopter, but Myrddin had noticed just how quick the proposal had been made. He looked at Father Mason, who through the mental link knew what Myrddin had seen, he now held his friend’s eyes for just a moment, sending him a message, then Myrddin turned and pushed his sword straight in to the heart of Styles. Everyone, apart from Father Mason was shocked, the priest though was not shocked, for he had sent his glowing spear in to the heart of Talbot. Two dark souls rose from their former hosts and exploded, their host’s bodies crumpling to the ground before crumbling in to piles of dust. Elbridge, fear showing clearly upon his face, hastily stepped back, as did Eames, both of who were on the edge of extreme panic. Myrddin smiled grimly as he stepped forward and drove his sword in to the heart of Eames. Myrddin and Alun both felt a reduction in the energy they received from the weapons as the number of hell-fiends was reduced, but the energy coming of Elbridge still made them feel young again. After the hell-creatures had all crumbled in to dust. Myrddin smiled and said to the surviving hell-creature.
“Don’t fret Elbridge, I will allow you alone to live, as long as you do not attempt anything against us and also promise to return Sarah to us, alive. However, the next time we meet, in battle, I will strike you down using my sword or Alun his spear, so be warned.”
Myrddin allowed his words to sink in to the creature’s mind and then he spoke again to the hell-creature.
“I have decided against the use of the helicopter Elbridge, now that our numbers have been reduced, we will drive back, after we have collected what we came so far to find.”
Turning to his shocked friends Myrddin explained his violent actions. “There was no other way, Peter, Alice, they would have tried to turn the tables on us and one or more of us would have died, or become unwilling hosts to them. Surely, you Peter must accept this?” Referring partly to what Peter had told them all about the creatures’ hypnotic powers, and when Peter nodded, Myrddin added. “Then let’s go and collect the amulet, the way should be clear for the moment.”
Alice and Peter were still a little stunned at witnessing the death of four souls, even ones as black as these ones had been, Alice was sick by the side of the road, when she looked up Myrddin saw that her eyes were wet, staring, she had not envisioned all this that fateful morning when she had met Peter. Myrddin, walked across to her and said softly.
“I am sorry that you had to witness their deaths Alice, but believe me, had they lived then in the future real human beings would have had their bodies stolen from them.” He then added. “These creatures are just vampires really, but ones that can live in daylight, and just like vampires, we must slay them whenever we can to stop them from stealing more human lives. The real difference is that the vampire is a corpse inhabited by an evil entity while the members of the Brotherhood are living beings whose souls have been imprisoned within their bodies by an evil entity and the hosts are made to witness whatever evil their body enacts upon a fellow human.”
Alice smiled weakly and said in a hushed voice.
“I know Myrddin, it is just so terrible, seeing four lives snatched away in seconds and remember, they lived and worked among us, didn’t they deserve to live just as we do?”
“Alice, if there are only 1000 of the creatures walking upon the Earth, then since the time of Jesus, they may well have stolen the lives of 40,000 real people, each of them living now will steal the lives of two or more people this century, and they will go on stealing lives until the human race no longer walks on this planet. Is that what you want for your sister, your children and grandchildren?”
Alice had turned white during their conversation and now she shuddered as she replied to Myrddin’s question.
“You are right of course Myrddin, I see that now, don’t worry about me I will be all right, thank you for helping me, for being a true friend, thank you for being the one to make the hard decisions and then to have the courage to carry them through.”
Everyone got in to the Mondeo, Elbridge sitting between Myrddin and Father Mason, Elbridge had thought about using his hypnotic power upon Peter, until he noticed that he and Alice also had silver crosses hung around their necks, as Myrddin and Father Mason always had. Elbridge also saw that Peter and Alice had, just that second, put a garland of garlic upon their heads. Peter had purchased his cross before leaving Christchurch and Alice already had the garlic. In any case, the two mystical weapons kept Elbridge weak, in fact he grew weaker by the second.
Peter started the car and they were back on the road and on their way to the museum of Daemons and Witchcraft. They did not encounter a police vehicle which meant that either none of the locals had called them about the two speeding vehicles or, that the police were too busy, or had no desire, to investigate.

**********

Sarah did not get the chance to escape that morning when her breakfast had been delivered, and so she had waited for lunch time, but still no luck, and her bed was beginning to develop a list after all the twisting and pulling that she had put it through. She still had high hopes of escaping, her jailers, who were now Elizabeth Elbridge, the gardener and his wife. She was further strengthened when she heard the spectral woman’s voice for a second time, this time urging caution and patience, however, Sarah had decided to escape and she was not about to wait and see, just in case no one came on his white charger.

**********

They arrived at the museum well before closing time, Myrddin and Father Mason stayed in the vehicle with Elbridge, to ensure that he did not cause any trouble, while Peter and Alice entered the museum. The museum was just a small affair set on two floors with just six rooms and the woman sitting in the small reception area demanding an entry fee of £2 each, which Alice decided to pay, as Peter was in effect working for her to help to find her sister. They went immediately to the museum shop and here they found a man behind the shop counter and in seconds they found the amulet. Peter asked the man if he could inspect it, before deciding whether to purchase it. The man was happy to take the expensive article from the display case and he handed it across to Peter, looking forward to the best sale that year. Peter immediately felt a power flowing through his hands and he knew that he had the genuine article in his hands, but he remained calm and said nothing. How on earth, Peter wondered, had the man not felt its power when he had touched it, or did the device respond differently to those who handled it? He happily purchased the amulet with his credit card and they left the shop, it had been so very easy and so very quick. Outside he said to Alice.
“My wife and I were due to begin our search for this, it was six months before the Brotherhood kidnapped Sarah, but following her death I wasn’t really interested in anything. When we have found and rescued Sarah, I will use it as we originally intended.”
As yet, Alice had not asked the reason why he sought it, assuming rightly that it was to do with some research that Peter had been working upon, as they walked back to their vehicle she did ask.
“Peter, tell me, was the reason behind your search for the amulet, the subject of a book, or were you researching it for another reason?”
“My wife and I wanted it to protect us while we looked in to the subject of the Brotherhood, now, with my wife no longer with us, I would be happy to join forces with another, or to carry on alone, if after all the violence of today you all decide to stop.”
“Peter, I certainly will not quit my search for Sarah and from what we have seen of Myrddin and Alun, I would not have thought that the idea has even entered their minds.” Alice replied.

Chapter Three

The Search for Sarah

As soon as Peter had entered the car with the amulet, it began to glow a bright red colour, while from the back-seat, Elbridge could be heard groaning loudly and he immediately began to complain that he was in terrible pain, Myrddin smiled at Peter and said to him.
“It seems that the amulet is not only the genuine article Peter, it will protect us, it hurts the Brotherhood and will also tell us when one of their kind is near.”
Elbridge knew that those on the side of God now had three terrible weapons to use against the Brotherhood, unless of course, he could do something about it, which he determined to do, except his mind had gone blank ever since he had witnessed the deaths of his four companions. Now, with amulet attacking him, he really felt powerless to act against his captors and he was in great pain.
They had decided to return to Father Mason’s house, who was also now at the wheel, and at the moment they were driving along an empty stretch of countryside. They were talking about their families and Peter mentioned that his family had originally lived in the town of Torbridge and even now he occasionally returned there to re-live past memories.
“Torbridge, I had forgotten that, Peter, when I walked over to talk to Father Eusebius at the church event, Page had just mentioned to Sarah that his family had always lived near to Torbridge and that he always shopped there.
Anger at Page’s foolish error swept over Elbridge and he was now looking decidedly worried, which increased when Myrddin decided that they should not continue on to his friend’s house but head for Torbridge instead.
“Lord Ashen, someone who I suspect is of the Brotherhood, has a small place near to Torbridge, could he be your third man Alice, and if so, is that where Sarah is being held?”
Alice looked a little downcast as she replied.
“Myrddin, you thought that Sarah was at Chapeltown, now you say that she may be at Torbridge, in fact, admit it, Sarah could be anywhere, we should stop at Alun’s house and make this hell-fiend tell us just where my sister is.” Alice cried out in despair.
Alice was of course right, Myrddin conceded to himself, and as they were once again driving through open countryside, he came to a decision.
“Alun, pull over.”
Alun did not ask why, he simply pulled the car to the side of the road and turned off the engine. Myrddin got out of the car, pulling Elbridge with him, followed up by Father Mason and Peter. Myrddin turned to Alice as she too got out and explained.
“Alice, although we have plenty of time before All Hallow’s Eve in which to find and rescue your sister, we can hardly do so while we have Elbridge as our prisoner, in fact it would be impossible to do so.” Myrddin then turned to Elbridge. “Either you tell us now Elbridge, just where we will find Sarah, or I will destroy your black soul, you have ten seconds to decide.”
Elbridge looked at Myrddin and he was terrified, he knew that Myrddin would carry out his threat, for he had seen him and his friend kill four of his kind that afternoon. However, to tell him what he asked could see him tortured by Ashen, against that, the quick clean death offered by Myrddin seemed far more preferable, and so he said in a remarkably calm voice.
“I have lived for over 2000 years, transferring my soul to another human as my current host died. To die at the hand of one named Myrddin is no shame, do it or release me for I will tell you nothing.”
Myrddin was not about to torture anyone, however much they might deserve it, so he drove his gleaming sword through the heart of Elbridge and as the dark soul exploded Myrddin said to his companions.
“I had no choice, Elbridge would never have succumbed to torture, he might even have died of a heart attack during the torture, then he would have been able to take control of one of us and then the others would have had to slay what had once been a dear friend.”
They nodded, a little stunned once again by the sudden death of someone who looked to be a human being, for up until this morning they had never seen a life terminated by another, and certainly not with the detachment shown by Myrddin. This time, though, Alice was not sick, for Elbridge had died because he was happy to condemn her sister to whatever fate he and others like him had chosen for her.
Myrddin got back in to the car, followed by the others, and they drove towards the town of Torbridge, once there, they booked in to a small hotel on the outskirts of the town, Myrddin and Father Mason sharing a room while Peter and Alice were in two single rooms.
They all met later in Myrddin and Father Mason’s room and Myrddin had a question for them.
“I want your advice regarding John Mitcham and the other three students who aided Alun and me in Chapeltown, although Neil, Bridget and Joan are no longer students having graduated and are now seeking jobs in their chosen profession, archaeology. As you might know, they helped us when we fought against the vampires that had killed so many people over the course of one night and then added to the number over the next few days.” Myrddin began and having their attention he continued. “Dare I ask them to come here, to aid us in our current war, because we could certainly do with an extra four pair of eyes, or should I leave them to ride out this war in peace.”
The students had all been studying archaeology in various universities around the UK and had come to Chapeltown during the summer recess two years ago to help Myrddin at an archaeological dig. Unfortunately, it had not been the only thing they were to experience for the first time.
As the others made to answer him, he interrupted them.
“Before you answer let me tell you why I believe that I must call them. It is because I believe the Brotherhood may have tentacles across the whole of Great Britain, the world even, and I fear that to leave them where they are, in their home towns, could see them attacked and kidnapped as a way to stop us from finding and freeing Sarah.”
Alice didn’t say anything for her opinion would be biased, however, Peter did.
“Apart from John Mitcham, leave them out of this Myrddin, they have not taken part in anything to do with the Brotherhood, as of this moment in time. Otherwise, if they were to join us in this quest of ours, they would forever be targets for the Brotherhood, especially after we four made five of their number disappear without trace.”
Father Mason nodded his agreement and then went on to say.
“Peter is correct Myrddin, call John, as this mess is essentially of his making, but leave the others out of it.”
“Perhaps you are correct Alun, Peter, I will phone John. In any case, we could do with more help and he is aware that the creatures of Hell exist so we will not have to convince a sceptical mind first before getting assistance.”
Peter now turned to Alice and his next words stunned her.
“Alice, the lives of both you and Sarah, changed forever from the moment that John Mitcham told his drunken story. Once we have Sarah back, your old lives may not return, you may have to consider what alternatives lives there are for you both. If that is so, when you decide upon them, let us know for we will all aid you in whatever choice you have made.”
This had never occurred to Alice, however, she now realised that Peter could well be right, even when she had got Sarah back, their two lives could be in danger of a revenge attack from the Brotherhood.
Myrddin checked the times of trains from Walchester to Torbridge on his smart phone and the he called John Mitcham, who answered immediately on seeing who the caller was. He gave him a brief resume as to what had happened, mentioning the Brotherhood but skipping the part about the deaths, not mentioning anyone by name, as it was an open line. He also mentioned that to join him could change the course of his life, because of the repercussions following their debate with the Brotherhood, no matter who won the debate. Just as Elbridge had done earlier, Myrddin made no mention of any terms such as battles or wars, for any one could be listening in to his call. He expected John, an intelligent person, to read between the lines.
“John, if you agree to help us, tomorrow morning, I want you to catch the first available train to Torbridge in Wiltshire. Say nothing to anyone, particularly about the coming debate, nor your destination.”
“I will be there Professor; you can count on me.”
“In that case, I will meet you at the railway station at 9 tomorrow morning, bring the silver cross that Alun gave you after our victory in Chapeltown, put it around your neck. Oh, and buy a string of garlic, John, you may well need it.”
Myrddin then called his garage, who reported as follows.
“Professor, your vehicle is fixed and ready for your collection. It looks as if someone doesn’t like you very much, the brake-lines were indeed cut, almost all of them. Will you be calling the police?”
Myrddin had suspected as much and replied.
“No, Joe, for reasons that I cannot go in to over the phone. However, I do need my vehicle tomorrow morning, I am in Torbridge, can you arrange to have it delivered to the railway station there, say around 9 am. I will pay handsomely if you will help me out once again, believe me it is urgent or I would not ask it of you?”
“Okay, Professor, no problem, I will have one of my lads drop it by.” Then he asked. “Professor, is the urgency to do with the cut brake lines?”
“Only indirectly Joe, I cannot go in to details just now. Thank you, once again, I will be at the station from nine o’clock onwards. Okay?”
What Myrddin did not know following his conversation with John, was that John called the other three students. He told Bridget, Neil and Joan of his drunken indiscretion and that he was going in to battle the next morning, with Myrddin and Father Mason, against the Brotherhood. John had used the word battle, for he had dismissed the chance of anyone listening in to his phone calls. Luckily, Joan had sent each of them a pay-as-you-go mobile phone together with instructions that they were to be only used for calls such as this. This meant, of course, that their calls were not being listened in to by anyone, unless the GCHQ were listening in to it, and so the Brotherhood did not know that four warriors were heading for Torbridge to enter in to the coming battle.

***********

That evening, Sarah had listened for the sound of footsteps on the landing outside her door, but none had come, she reckoned that something must have happened to prevent her meal being delivered, but what? Finally, she fell asleep hungry, and anxious to know why she had not been given her main meal of the day when they needed her alive and well for whatever they had in store for her.
The following morning, as the time came for her to be served her breakfast, adrenaline was pumping through Sarah’s veins. She was hoping that her servile manner would have lulled her captors in to feeling only contempt for her by now and so allow her to make her escape attempt happen, if she was served her morning meal. Then she heard the footsteps approaching along the short landing outside of her door, and with her pulse rate raised she prepared herself, the door opened and the woman entered, alone. The look that Elizabeth Elbridge cast Sarah’s way almost made Sarah forget about escaping, something must have happened yesterday, something that changed her female jailer from bored to very hostile. Elbridge put the breakfast tray on the table and then she broke the heavy silence that stood between them.
“Your sister and her friends probably killed my husband, you bitch, and all because they wanted you back. You, a worthless female fit for nothing but breeding stock. I will take extra time to enjoy myself with you on All Hallow’s Eve, I have already sharpened my knife in anticipation.” She snarled angrily.”
Elbridge had allowed herself to get carried away, her anger overruling her usual wariness, she was closer to Sarah than she had intended, she was in fact bending over her as she screamed her hate at the mortal. Sarah, her hand made in to a fist, struck her hard, knocking Elbridge back. Sarah stood up and followed her attack with her home-made club, the metal leg, striking Elbridge before she could launch her own attack. Elbridge collapsed to the floor unconscious as Sarah rushed for the open doorway, tossing her bent club to one side. She ran straight in to Giles Routledge, the Dean of Walchester University, who stepped back one pace and then smacked her hard on the cheek, so hard that her legs gave way and she crumpled to the floor stunned, Routledge turned his head and called down the stairs.
“Whyte, come up here a moment, our docile pussy cat has just showed us her true colours.”
Richard Whyte, had recently arrived at the house from London following Ashen’s request for help. He worked in the City of London where he was very successful, as it was Saturday, he did not mind the diversion. He walked up the staircase and smiled when he saw the two women, both still on the floor. Routledge was pulling Sarah back to her cot. Needing no instructions, Whyte knelt down and picked up Elbridge and carried her downstairs. Sarah was now fully aware that her escape attempt had come to an abrupt and immediate end and she feared that she would be punished for it.
“You will regret that you Bitch.” Routledge snarled at her and then kicked Sarah in her side, only her position as coming sacrifice to his dark lord prevented him from continuing the vicious attack.
Sarah doubled up on the floor and cried out in pain, much to the delight of Routledge who said mockingly.
“Thank your puny god that we still need you for All Hallow’s Eve, only then can we enjoy ourselves with you, other than actually kill you, that delight has been reserved for our Dark Lord.” Routledge said looking at her with contempt.
Routledge picked up the improvised weapon and then he walked out of the room, locking the door behind him.
One hour later, Routledge returned to the room where Sarah was imprisoned, she was sitting at the small table where she ate her meals. Whyte, who had accompanied Routledge to the room shoved Sarah on the bed and held her there. Sarah complained loudly but no one listened to her, certainly not Whyte who simply smiled at her. Routledge pulled out a heavy-duty cable with a loop at either end. He put a zip tie through one of the loops, around her leg and back through the loop. Then he pulled the zip tie tight, thereby connecting the cable securely to her leg. He wrapped a similar zip tie through the second loop, round a metal water pipe in the en-suite and pulled it tight too. Sarah gasped, she truly felt like a prisoner now, one with little hope of escape.
“We tried to make your stay comfortable, but you repaid us by attacking us, now you will have to be good or I will beat you severely each day.” Routledge said angrily and then the two men left, locking the door behind them.
Sarah had never felt so down in her young life, for now she knew that she could never escape, not unless the help spoken of by the spectral voice turned up to save her. She decided to see how far she could move, she could almost reach the window, but she had to stand two feet away from it to look out at the garden and the farmland beyond.

**********

In their Torbridge hotel, they each had a good breakfast and then Peter drove them to Torbridge railway station where he parked his car. Myrddin and Father Mason were to meet the train from Walchester and also to take delivery of Myrddin’s vehicle. Peter and Alice left them to it and walked in to the town centre and immediately their luck changed for the good. Alice saw the third man who she had seen speaking to Sarah and Page just before Sarah had disappeared, the man who she had referred to as having a commanding appearance. He was leaving a newsagent and walking away from them. Ashen was actually on his way to another member of the Brotherhood, Sir Miles Caustin, the Home Secretary, who was visiting his constituency.

**********

On sitting down opposite Caustin, Ashen told Caustin why he had called upon him.
“Caustin, five members of our brotherhood, the ones who we sent after Myrddin and his group, are missing, and to add to the mystery, their vehicle has been found abandoned empty, it was partly wedged in a hedge but mostly in the field beyond.” He then added. “Luckily, I sent out a search party to look for our missing brothers and they found the vehicle before the local police force and were able to recover it.”
Caustin took his time pondering on all that Ashen had said before answering.
“Ashen, if somehow Myrddin had prevailed against them, then surely he and some of his band would have been taken over by whichever of our brothers had been slain?”
“Then why have we not heard from them, and remember, Myrddin slew all the vampires at Chapeltown.”
“Yes, but I repeat, if he slew our members, then surely, we would have actually won the battle, for our brothers’ souls would have taken his and his friends’ bodies to use for themselves?”
“I am sorry Caustin but that only brings us back to my first point, why have we not heard from them. I dearly wish now that we had left the girl alone, as no one was taking any notice of her.”
“But they may have done Ashen, and the action was decided upon at a full council meeting, the decision being to silence her without causing us any further problems.”
“And we can see how that has turned out, with Myrddin the winner.” Ashen lamented.
Caustin sighed and then said to his leader.
“We must find Myrddin and his friends, I will have Special Branch put out a call for their vehicle, tell them to report their location, to follow them, but to take no further action.”
“You forget Caustin, Talbot is one of the missing, and unfortunately we do not have another brother currently in that department.”
“Of, course, we will have to actively repair that oversight on our part.” Caustin replied and then added. “I will ask Hardwick to have the local police force search for their vehicle, and with the same restriction upon his officers.”
“There is one other matter Caustin, this amulet, we assumed that they were on the trail of it, if it is genuine, they could cause us a lot of trouble.” Ashen said anxiously and then added. “Depending upon just how powerful it is.”
“We have no proof that they were actually on the trail of it Ashen, Talbot merely said that there was a picture of it on Davidson’s desk, so what, I have a picture of a Scottish castle on my desk, but I am certainly not going to buy it.” Caustin replied scathingly and then added.
“Could Myrddin simply have captured our people, they would have been stunned following the crash of their vehicle?”
“No, Caustin, Myrddin only has the one vehicle, and with the four of them there would hardly be room for five dangerous prisoners, and they could hardly move them without a second vehicle.”
“They could have holed up locally?” Caustin ventured.
“In that case Caustin, our people will soon take control, using their hypnotic powers.”

**********

At the nearby railway station, Myrddin was not met by just John Mitcham, but also by Neil Williams and Joan Travers, he was angry, and John was now the brunt of it.
“How could you be so foolish as to involve the others, surely you realise that once the Brotherhood know of their involvement in this matter then they could become targets for life.”
Mitcham looked silently down at the ground, and when Myrddin left it like that he looked at others with a grin on his face. They were forced to wait for the fourth student, Bridget Donaldson, who lived in Edinburgh, and so was travelling the furthest, but as she had taken a much earlier train, she arrived just minutes later. Myrddin now gave them all the chance to return to their normal lives.
“I advise all of you to return to your homes, this fight will not end with the rescue of Sarah Waterstone, we are not fighting against a single band of vampires today. I believe the Brotherhood to be world-wide, a vast number of creatures sent by Lucifer himself to live amongst us. You must realise that your lives could change forever if I allowed you to join us in battle against them.”
His words were endorsed by Alun but Bridget cut across his friend.
“We are staying Professor, Father Mason.” Bridget said firmly. “This fight is as much ours as yours, these creatures must be fought wherever we find them, now and in the future, in our future.”
When Neil and Joan added their agreement to her words, Myrddin surrendered and having got his agreement for them to stay and fight, they all put their travelling bags in to Myrddin’s recently repaired and delivered ancient looking Land Rover, one that was only kept on the road by the services of the local garage.
Sitting in the vehicle, John Mitcham, Neil Williams, Bridget Donaldson and Joan Travers, listened in awe to Myrddin as he told them everything that had occurred since that fateful night that John had told his drunken tale. They were filled with a mixture of awe and excitement, tinged with a little fear after hearing the full story from Myrddin, who then said sadly.
“I now wish that I had forbidden you to get involved in the war against the vampires, but it is too late now, you are not only involved but the Brotherhood almost certainly know of your involvement in the fight against the vampires. They must also realise that you are aware of their existence following my encounter with one of their number.”
It was John who spoke next.
“We are involved for better or worse Professor, but tell us, you actually saw their black souls explode followed by their bodies crumbling in to dust, that must have been something to see.”
Bridget spoke next before Myrddin could answer.
“The amulet that your friend Peter Davidson has, it actually glowed red when one of the Brotherhood was present and hurt him to boot, that is fantastic, now we have a way of exposing and killing them, and without resorting to setting them on fire.”
“Yes, in just two days we have moved on in a way that I could never have hoped for.” Myrddin replied and then added a warning. “But do remember, they have a lot of VIPs amongst their number, that means that we are all in danger, which is the main reason why I only called on John’s help.”
Myrddin now spoke to them about their future safety.
“It might be too dangerous for you, after this battle, to return to your homes, for the Brotherhood would then be able to pick you off one at a time and they may not be able to resist doing so.” He then went on to say. “But if none of those who we battle against survive to tell their tale, then you must return to your normal lives, until the next time that I call you to arms.”
Myrddin gave them a moment to take his words in before continuing.
“Before you all decide, if things go wrong and some of the hell-fiends survive, you should bear a few things in mind. First, you would have to live in my house, although it would be for free, you would have to share my two spare bedrooms. As for your board and lodgings, you will only have to pay for your food, as I suspect you do now at your homes. Of course, I would expect you all to clean up after yourselves, I do not have, nor can I afford, a housekeeper, even if I wanted one, which I do not.” He now got very serious.
“I do not know how long this situation will last; we will have to discuss it at regular intervals. Hopefully, you will be able to return to your old lives at some time in the near future, but as I said, I am not sure how long the present situation will last. One last thing, what will you tell your parents?”
The four students looked at Myrddin and Father Mason and after talking together quietly for a minute, Joan announced that they were all committed to join Myrddin in this new war. Not even one of them had rebuked John for his foolish words, far from it, they were looking forward to battling this Brotherhood of evil. Bridget summed it up.
“I think that I speak for all of us when I say that we have no choice in the matter, as to leave a young woman in the hands of the Brotherhood, and especially as an offering to Lucifer, is not on.”
As for their parents, they had already told them that they were spending time with the famous Myrddin Llewellyn, who was holding an advanced archaeology course to make up for what they had missed due to Covid-19. They could hardly tell them the truth, that would never be believed.
As for Peter, he too would be in much the same situation as the four warriors, being now on the Brotherhood’s hit list. Myrddin knew that he would have to talk to him about what he proposed to do, live with Myrddin, go in to hiding or just return to his boat and pray that they would leave him alone. A thought suddenly occurred to Myrddin.
“We should all remove the batteries from our smart phones, they could easily use our phones to pinpoint our location, if you need to use a phone then Alun has an old fashioned basic mobile phone that I am sure he will allow us all to use.”
Alun smiled and said to the young warriors.
“There is plenty of credit on it, as I hardly ever use the thing.”
Joan then told Myrddin and Alun that she had already purchased cheap pay-as-you-go mobile phones for the four of them, ones which were only to be used between each other on paranormal matters, such as when John had called each of them the day before. Myrddin bowed to Joan, he had known her to be bright, now she had shown him that she was able to look in to the future and then to act upon her decisions. He still added a word of caution.
“No calls home using them or any other phone, no calls to friends and certainly no calls to my landline or my mobile phone.”
“Okay Professor, we understand, big brother will be listening in and will be able to get our location if we call anybody known to us.” Bridget replied for all of them.
Alice suddenly arrived and looking quizzically at the four-extra people, she told Myrddin that they had found the third man. Myrddin then advised her to disable her smart phone and why, adding.
“They already know your mobile number, because they will have Sarah’s phone.”
Alice nodded and decided that she too would follow this advice and she pulled out the battery from her smart phone, otherwise the rescue of her sister could go badly wrong. She now led the excited and much enlarged group to the high street where they arrived in time to see Ashen leaving Caustin’s house. Passers-by must have assumed that they were a small group of visiting students, which they were. Peter looked quizzically at the newcomers but did not comment upon them, instead, he now told them what he had discovered.
“Our third man visited the local community hall where our Home Secretary is holding his constituency surgery, they spoke in private for ten minutes and our mystery man is now leaving, you can see him, he is the tall man across the road.”
Myrddin looked across as instructed, he saw someone who he had already identified as a senior member of the Brotherhood, and he now told his young friends.
“That gentleman is Lord Ashen, someone who I believe to be the head of the Brotherhood in Great Britain, or at least Southern England, and probably Wales. We can now add Caustin as a possible member of the Brotherhood.”
The others stared at Ashen, unknown to him, he had just been declared public enemy number one by his unseen watchers.
“I will follow him while you all return for our vehicles.” Peter said handing over his keys to Alice. “He has not seen me before, so if I am careful, I should be all right. While the others walked quickly back to their vehicles, Ashen entered a smaller car park than the one that they had parked in and he got in to a new Land Rover. Thankfully, he sat in it for five minutes while he skimmed through his newspaper. Myrddin and Alice were just about to leave the car park at the railway station when Peter phoned Alun, having had no luck with Alice’s mobile phone, luckily, Alun and Peter had already exchanged mobile numbers.
“Alun, ask Alice to drive along the high street and park outside of the betting office, chummy is sitting in his car, a new Land Rover, just around the corner. Hang on, he is starting up, he has turned right, he should pass the railway station in seconds so lean down to stop him from seeing you, I will be there in seconds.
Myrddin saw the Land Rover as it drove past them and moved off behind the shiny new Land Rover. Seconds later Peter jumped in beside Alice who was following Myrddin in Peter’s vehicle. “Okay, Alice, tail them, but keep well back, it is not too busy today so we should not lose either of them.”
Alice then told him that they appeared to have four new recruits to their army.
“Do you know who they are Alice?” He asked.
“Not really Peter, but one of them is John Mitcham so I guess that he must have invited his three fellow students to join our battle.”
“I am really getting to dislike John, why the hell can’t he keep quiet for just once in his young life.”
Alice then passed on Myrddin’s advice about smart phones and annoyed with himself for not thinking of it, Peter disabled his own one.
Myrddin followed the vehicle out of town towards a small farm, it was almost a mile along a narrow country lane, with them following distantly behind, fretting that Ashen must surely notice them before too long. When the Land Rover turned in to the farm they drove past and headed for a nearby hill, with Alice and Peter arriving twenty seconds later. Myrddin introduced the four new additions to their group, with another annoyed glance at John, but secretly, he was more glad than annoyed at their arrival, for their arrival increased their chance of a quick victory over the forces of evil, in this one battle at least.
From their vantage point they could see the farm buildings that encircled the farm yard and they decided to stake the farm out. Both Myrddin and Peter had brought along binoculars, having foreseen the need for them at some time and now everyone made good use of them. Myrddin was obviously disappointed with their location and he told them why.
“I had hoped that Ashen would lead us to where Sarah is, but she is in a house with a tower and this place certainly does not have a tower of any sort.”
Myrddin then told them how he believed that either Peter’s dead wife, or maybe another soul who was looking out for them, had told him that the house where Sarah was being held had a tower of some sorts, but that it was not Elbridge’s manor house.”
Peter was amazed that they were each witnessing so many paranormal events, for some reason, the angels were giving them help at an unprecedented level, however he said nothing to anyone until he and Alice were alone later that night.
“When will we be leaving then Professor?” Joan asked.
“Not yet Joan, anywhere that Ashen goes is worth a visit, and anyway, I am also sure that he will lead us to Sarah and sooner rather than later.”
These words cheered Alice, for she had begun to feel very down-hearted and she now said with a weak smile on her face.
“You and Peter are our leaders Myrddin, for otherwise why else would you have been given such weapons and Peter the amulet. Therefore, I will follow wherever you two lead us.”
And so, it was settled, they would stay watching the farm and two hours later, with Ashen obviously not in a hurry to leave, Myrddin had Bridget and Neil stay to keep watch in Peter’s vehicle while everyone else got in to Myrddin’s vehicle and returned to their hotel, to rest up, then have an early dinner. Myrddin booked the four young warriors in to the hotel, sharing two rooms, they were lucky as the two rooms had become vacant that morning. As darkness fell, Peter took a powerful torch out of his luggage. He normally kept it in his vehicle but had taken it out of the boot before leaving the vehicle in the hands of Bridget and Neil. He normally used it in case of night time breakdowns, rather than break-ins or stake-outs. Earlier, he had taped some paper, with a slot cut in to it, over the top of it to reduce the glare, thereby reducing the likelihood of its light been spotted. He and the others then drove back to their viewing point to relieve Bridget and Neil, both of which were in need of their dinner and a nap. The new watchers now waited for midnight, when the household would probably be in their beds, then they would they venture forth in search of information regarding the Brotherhood and maybe even the location of Sarah, although that was improbable.
Three hours later, just before midnight, Bridget and Neil returned, for they wanted in on any action that was going. The farm was now in darkness, they knew where the guard-dog was, chained up in the farm yard, so they approached the farm buildings from the rear, ensuring that they were concealed from the dog by at least one of the buildings.
The first building had odd pieces of farming equipment stored inside it. they looked over every inch of it to ensure that a trap-door was not concealed there. Then they move on to the next building, it housed a tractor and accessories, again there was no sign of a cellar, however, it did have a raised storage space, but on checking it out they found that it was full of hay. The last building was the one where the farmer stored his animal feed, it was full to the brim with sacks of various foodstuffs. If Sarah was being imprisoned at the farm, she was either in the farmhouse itself, or an outbuilding elsewhere on the farm.
They decided to walk completely around the farmhouse, the farmer’s dog was sleeping, so as long as they were quiet, he should not be alerted to their presence. They silently walked around it, keeping to cover whenever possible, none of the upper windows were barred though, so if she was behind one of them, then she must be tied up. It was then that the dog awoke and began to bark, however, neither the farmer nor Ashen came out to check on it, so Myrddin reckoned that the barking must be a nightly occurrence. Even so, it had caused them a few moments disquiet, just in case Ashen did come out and begin to look around the farmyard. Alice was looking a little downcast by now, a feeling shared by the others.
“For now,” Peter said. “let’s return to the hotel to sleep and in the morning, I will return to our recent vantage point on top of the hill, if anything happens, I will call you, if I can borrow someone’s mobile phone.” He then added. “Oh! Remember to check out of our rooms before you leave, because we might soon be off on our travels again.”
The next morning, as the sun showed signs of awakening, Alice decided to keep Peter company and they returned to their vantage point, taking their bags with them and leaving Myrddin to pay for their rooms. From there, they could see the farm and the Land Rover. Later, Alice went back in to town to buy some food and bottles of water and two cheap pay-as-you-go mobile phones, the shop had only just opened and she was their first customer. On her return, they enjoyed an early breakfast and later on the others turned up with a snack, plus two extra bottles of water. Peter and Alice were a little tired so Neil and Joan kept watch while the others chatted. Just as Bridget and John took over, they were delighted to see Ashen open the front door and walk over to his vehicle, the farm manager and his wife waved goodbye to him. The manager was of the Brotherhood and the last time that he had died, only the manager had been near enough to provide him a new body. He had now been added to Myrddin’s list of possible Brotherhood members.
Ashen was on the move and so were Myrddin and his team. They followed Ashen to the country house of Giles Routledge, the Dean of Walchester University. Driving past it they left their vehicles in the carpark within the small village of Ryebank, which was just a little further along the road. Myrddin went in to a tourist shop and purchased a local walking map of the area and using it they made their way back to Routledge’s house using a footpath shown on the map. It did not show Routledge’s house on the map, but Myrddin reckoned he could easily find it as it was just off the main road.
Alice pulled out a tin box from a pack that she had on her back, one that had carried Peter’s and Alice’s lunch on their drive to Somerset. Within it her friends saw sandwiches, ones which she had purchased from a baker in Torbridge, she now offered them around and in no time the box was empty, so she stashed the box back in to her pack. Twenty minutes later and they were standing in a field full of Rapeseed, the field gradually sloping down towards another farmhouse. Here they were able to look upwards towards the rear of the house belonging to Routledge, although they could only see the upper levels of it as a high brick wall hid the rest of it. They immediately noticed that the house had been built with an architectural feature, a mock turret was situated at the building’s south eastern corner.
“Well, Professor, this old house does have a turret, will that do?” Alice asked.
“I hope so Alice, in fact my sword is now warming in my hand, that tells me that this is the house, of that I am now certain.” Myrddin replied joyously.
“Well, we can’t just walk up there, sword in hand, and demand to search the house starting at the turret first, now can we, so what do we do Professor?” Neil asked.
“That is a good question Neil, and maybe we can do just that.” Myrddin said and then added. “With the amulet, we can tell if the person we are confronting is one of Lucifer’s people.” Myrddin paused here for a moment as he searched for further inspiration.
Meanwhile, Peter had walked further in to the field of Rapeseed and when far enough away so that he could see over the wall and more of the house, he pulled out his pair of binoculars and began to look up at the turret window, but he saw no one there. However, when he looked at the windows on the top floor of the house, he saw one that was barred, and behind the bars, he saw a young woman, she looked to be standing away from the window rather than at the window. She was looking at him and waving, but for some reason she did not move closer to the window.
“Alice, come here and look at the right-hand window on the top floor of the house, the one with bars, I can see a woman standing there, is it Sarah?” Peter asked handing over his binoculars when she had joined him.
Alice snatched the binoculars from his hand and trained them upon the window and then she exclaimed joyfully.
“It’s Sarah everyone, Sarah is waving to us!”
Alice waved and waved as Myrddin used his binoculars and after seeing Sarah, he said to the others.
“Look everyone, the members inside are bound to be armed so we will have to keep our heads down while we think through our plan of campaign, one that will minimize the dangers to us.”
“Didn’t you keep the pistol that you took off one of the Brotherhood.” Alice asked.
“No, Alice, I dumped it and the two shotguns, after ensuring that they were not loaded. If we had been searched by the authorities they might have been traced back to the dead hell-fiends and as they are all missing, we could have taken to a police station, and that could have ended our search for Sarah immediately.
Alice nodded, of course she thought, added to that was the fact that the Brotherhood had many powerful people amongst their ranks who could have ensured that they were held under an assortment of charges, including terrorism.
“Professor, the longer we hang around here, the more likely it is that we are seen and then we will lose the element of surprise, surely we should move forward, covertly of course, and as you did before, take the battle to them.” Neil said, his words receiving approval from the other young warriors.
“You are quite correct Neil, it might be better if we were to move in to the walled garden, conceal ourselves within it while we survey the lie of the land and count how many of the ungodly are here. We should then be able to calculate whether an attack on the house can be made with a high probability of success.” Myrddin replied as he looked at his young warriors with a mix of wonder and admiration.
There was a high stone wall between house and the field, the field of rapeseed being set at lower level that the house, and they first had to get passed this wall. Luckily, there was a set of steps with a locked gate just a little further along the wall, out of sight of the house. It was there to allow the owner of both properties, the Brotherhood, to walk between the house and the farmhouse, that was just 500 yards away from the locked gate. Myrddin decided that the time for action had arrived and silently thanking the owner, Myrddin pulled out a set of lock picks that had come in useful before when he had been battling the ungodly. After a couple of minutes, the gate opened allowing him to walk part way up the recessed steps, but not in to the garden proper. Before proceeding onwards, Myrddin put his head up over the top recessed step to ensure that they were not being observed from within the house or its garden before he continued up in to the walled garden. Happy that all was clear, he led the others, sword in hand, moving slowly and carefully up the steps and across the large garden before being forced to stop when he saw the gardener. His sword had begun to glow as it sent its warning to him, there was a man ahead of them and he was a member of the Brotherhood. He had been hidden while working at a bank of flowers, and he was just six yards away along a narrow pathway, a dark aura surrounded his body, marking him out as a member of the ungodly.

Chapter Four

In to Battle

The Brotherhood had not been idle since learning of the disappearance of five of their number and Hardwick was soon notified by the local Wiltshire police. Peter’s vehicle had been found to be parked near to a second vehicle, identified as belonging to Myrddin, in the village of Ryebank. Hardwick thanked his colleagues and minutes later, twelve members of the Brotherhood from all over Wiltshire headed for Ryebank and Routledge’s home. They brought with them an assortment of shotguns plus four German Shepherd attack dogs.

**********

The amulet around Alice’s neck began to glow red, but it did not give off heat, instead it became icy cold, luckily, she had a thick jumper on as Peter had noted this effect when he had first witnessed it work against Elbridge. The gardener stood bolt upright and he looked to be in considerable distress, he turned towards the house as if to seek assistance, but he did not get the chance. Myrddin had been keeping one eye on the gardener ever since he had seen the dark aura around the man. After checking that they were unobserved, he leapt from his hiding place and ran towards the gardener. Hearing his footsteps, the gardener turned around, but not in time, for Myrddin had thrust out his sword arm and impaled the creature of Hell through his heart. He collapsed to the floor without making a sound and his black soul drifted up out of his body and then, just like the others, it exploded as his body crumbled in to dust and blew away.
Peter and the others looked about them, but there was still no one in sight, except for Sarah behind her window, who gasped as she saw the creature die, this time for good. Then they heard the sound of a helicopter approaching and Myrddin felt his sword grow even warmer beneath his grip. He did not think twice, he issued a direct order to his friends.
“Quick everyone, get back through the gate and hide in the Rapeseed field, I believe that the forces of evil have reinforcements arriving to aid them.”
They all obeyed instantly, such was their respect for him, but they were all a little disappointed for they were all keyed up to commence the attack on the house. When the helicopter appeared over the rooftop of the Routledge’s house, they were all crouched down in a loose group amongst the Rapeseed. Here, they were hidden from anyone within the helicopter, and with the gate once again locked behind them the ungodly should, hopefully, suspect nothing.
Sarah was desolated when she saw her sister and the others scurry back through the gate and hide. The Satanic spell on the glass of the window in her room prevented any sound from getting through it, it was only when she saw the helicopter as it landed on the large lawn before the house that she understood why her rescuers had retreated so fast.
Six men and two German shepherd dogs got out of the helicopter, each of the men carrying a large canvas holdall with their overnight things inside, plus some essential hunting equipment. They looked about them as if searching for their enemy, then Routledge and Ashen came out of the house to greet them, it was Ashen who spoke first.
“You’re the first to arrive gentlemen, that makes our number twelve, I will leave my gardener and his wife, Elizabeth Elbridge and Richard Whyte to guard our temporary guest while we spread out and search the area around the grounds for Myrddin and his pack of wolves. Do not underestimate them, even though there are only four of them, because it could be fatal. Professor Llewellyn cleared out a nest of vampires two years ago with just an aging priest and four young students. Recently, just days ago, he and his three helpers either captured or slew five of our number, and if they have slain them, then they are very dangerous indeed, they must not be allowed to escape with the secret of how to safely slay our kind.” He then added. “You can leave your bags by the helicopter; we have too much to do at the moment to worry about them.”
The six men put their bags down and after unzipping them, they each pulled out a shotgun plus a box of cartridges. They each slid a number of cartridges in to their deep pockets, weighing them down. Ashen led three men and a dog to search the area of ground between the house and the village of Ryebank, Routledge led the other three men and the remaining dog towards the rear of the garden, towards the wall that hid for the moment all but the far side of the field of Rapeseed.
“If asked gentlemen, we are hunting rooks and pigeons, they have been making a nuisance of themselves on neighbouring farms and so, we are culling a number of them to protect our own crops.”
Ashen then led his party away from the house and towards the nearby village of Ryebank.

**********

As soon as the helicopter had landed, Myrddin had moved back up to the gate to spy on the enemy. What he heard worried him, four armed men and a large dog, probably trained as an attack dog, had been detailed to search the area of ground that he and his team currently occupied. He and Father Mason had their mystical weapons, but the approaching men would probably spread out once they were through the gate. Then there was the dog, if it once got on their trail, it would be hard to shake off, and it might easily savage or kill anyone who it caught. He hurried back to the others and it was then that Bridget, hidden from the hell-fiends by the wall, intruded on his thoughts as she said to her fellow warriors, keeping the sound of her voice to just above a whisper.
“Right, members of Myrddin’s army, it is time to show the professor that we are here to fight, not hide behind him.”
To the amazement of the others, the four young warriors stood up and pulled out four self-cocking cross bows and each came with a pack of carbon crossbow bolts.
“We have each been practicing with these Professor, ever since our battle with the vampires, and we can now hit what we aim at.” Joan said and then added. “Every time.”
“As long as you aim low Joan, we cannot afford to kill them with anything other than my sword and Alun’s spear, otherwise we would find ourselves having to slay one of our own.” Myrddin said adding. “And do not stop firing at them until they have dropped their weapons.”
He took another moment to look at his young warriors, a smile on his face, and then he gave his battle orders. His young warriors had once again proved to him just how essential they were when fighting the fiends of Hell.
“Keep very low and spread out amongst the Rapeseed and keep your heads down, and your backsides too, wait until they are all over the gate and then let them have it. Who is the best shot of you four?”
“I am of course.” Bridget replied proudly who was next to him on his right.
“Then you, Bridget, must take out the dog before it gets amongst us and savages someone, because it has probably been trained as an attack dog.”
Bridget took a moment to push her qualms deep down, because as a dog lover it did not seem right to kill one, but rather it than one of them, so she replied.
“Okay, Professor, you can count on me.”
“You other three William Tells, take out the three creatures of Hell on the right, I will take care of the one on the left. Okay?”
“Okay, Professor.” Came the three whispered replies from further over on his right.
“Alice put the amulet inside your metal sandwich box, I want you to bring it out as soon as the hell-fiends are all over the gate and standing on the track in front of us, it could give us a decisive advantage over the creatures of Hell.” Myrddin ordered.
Alice could see why he had asked this of her, because their enemy would only know of its powers too late, if it was produced in this way.
Myrddin then went on to say.
“Crossbow men and women, please wait until Alice unleashes the amulet before you open fire.” Then he added in even more of a whisper. “Everybody down, because I can hear them walking down the stairs behind the gate now.”
Myrddin had purposely not called their targets men, for to do so might cause the young warriors to pause and that could see them killed. He already felt a little guilty at risking the lives of these four young people against armed fiends from Hell, creatures who looked to be ordinary men but were in fact monsters out to kill them. But fate had thrown them all, himself included, in to this battle against the creatures of Hell, they had not been given the option of running away to hide under their beds. As he would have to take out the unharmed fiend, he crawled forward so that he had less distance to cross, he thought about holding the glowing sword on the ground to ensure that it did not give him away, but the glow emanating from the sword and the spear lessened in answer to his thoughts. With just one of the Brotherhood remaining unharmed, he should be okay, assuming that his young warriors were as good with the crossbow as Joan and Bridget had boasted.
One by one, the four men walked through the gate, their shotguns broken open for safety, the dog following on behind them. Then the men spread out along the narrow track that ran between the field and the tall garden wall of the house. The dog was on the far left of them now, its leash held by the man also on the far left, as seen by Myrddin and his team. The hell-fiends looked at each other and grinned, for they were going to enjoy themselves.
“Time to load our weapons gentlemen.” Routledge ordered.
The other three men each said okay, and went to load their shotguns in preparation for firing, but before they managed to even push one cartridge in to their weapons, Alice opened the tin box and took out the amulet. The four men immediately stopped what they were doing and groaned loudly in pain, it was now that the four crossbow warriors reared up out of the field of rapeseed and fired as one person, their crossbow bolts shooting out from just above the top of the rapeseed. The young warriors immediately dropped down to reload their weapons, all feeling fearful, for they had given away their positions to the monsters by the wall. They need not have worried though, for one of the bolts hit the dog in the leg and although it was not killed it was certainly out of action. The other three bolts each hit their targets, making the recipients drop their cartridges on to the ground as the pain from the crossbow bolt mixed with that caused by the amulet making it feel like pure hell for them. Their unloaded shotguns hung loosely from their hands as they struggled to take in what had just happened.
The fourth hell-fiend, the one that had been holding the dog’s leash, managed to complete the loading of his shotgun and frantically closed it with a loud click, it was just as Myrddin reached him. Panicked, he attempted to swing the barrel towards the rushing man, unfortunately, for him, he found that Myrddin was too quick for him, who had brushed the barrels of the shotgun barrels aside with his left arm just as hell-fiend fired both barrels. The sound of the shotgun firing seemed dim to Myrddin, once again his sword had come to his aid. They stood looking at one another for a moment, the creature of hell, who realised that his death was imminent, stood up straight and waited to be reborn. Myrddin stabbed him with his brightly glowing sword, the creature of Hell sank to the floor with the word sucker on his lips. Then his dark soul rose even as Myrddin rushed past him to take out the next hell-fiend Routledge, who was groaning in pain, both from the amulet and because he had a crossbow bolt sticking out of his stomach. Routledge’s face showed the utter shock he felt at seeing his comrade’s soul explode, that was not supposed to happen he thought.
Father Mason had also stood up at the same moment as his friend, and had thrown his spear with some force at a stunned looking hell-fiend, who also had a crossbow bolt sticking in his stomach. The glowing spear hit the fiend in his chest sending him down to the ground crying out in agony, the spear sucking out his remaining energy. Father Mason reached this hell-fiend in seconds and putting his foot on the fiend’s body and pushing it firmly down against the hard ground, he pulled his spear out with a ghastly plopping sound before driving it back, this time in to the fiend’s heart.
The last remaining hell-fiend, who could hardly stand, was suddenly hit by four more crossbow bolts, each one hitting his legs, the terrible pain causing him to drop to the ground, his shotgun, which he had just dropped was lying next to him. Myrddin reached him and like the other two hell-fiends, he slew this creature of Hell with his sword, driving it right through the creature’s heart. He then went to the dog, it was obviously in some distress, they could not attend to it, nor could they allow the crossbow bolt to be found. Hating himself for doing it, he killed the dog and then he cut the crossbow bolt out of the dead animal, but he did not hand the bolt back to Bridget, from the look upon her face she definitely did not want it. He handed his sword to Bridget and then he picked up the body of the dog and took it in to the field of rapeseed and there he left it hidden away from any casual passer-by.
Myrddin looked at the piles of dust blowing away in the strong breeze that had suddenly appeared, he saw that nothing that they wore had survived them. Only their shotguns and a few loose cartridges had survived, and which now lay there upon the floor. Myrddin smiled grimly, obviously, the very essence of the dark soul of each of these hell-fiends had been able to permutate in to their personal objects, such as their clothing, their wrist watches and their keys. Not even the crossbow bolts had managed to survive their evil.
Myrddin took back his sword and then he ordered his friends to pick up the shotguns, four of them, none of which were loaded, but they had picked up the sprinkling of unfired cartridges from the ground. He took one of the shotguns, he left one in Father Mason’s hands, for they had both been clay pigeon shooting on numerous times. Peter said he could use one, and the last one Alice had, but as she had never fired one before, he told her only to use it as a last resort, as they did not want one of the Brotherhood killed by a badly aimed shot. Just then they heard the other hell-fiends rushing back and they would almost certainly come down the steps to aid their colleagues.
Myrddin led his group back in to the field of rapeseed, back to their previous positions, thankfully, Myrddin had taken the dead dog further back in to the field of rapeseed.
“Spread out everyone, we will use our crossbows and shotguns when the leading Hell-fiend is level with Bridget.”
Bridget was now standing to the left of Myrddin,
“I will take down the dog this time.” Myrddin said much to Bridget’s relief. “Assuming that it is at the front. Otherwise, Alun, if it is bringing up the rear will you take care of it, and Peter, you can if it is in the middle of the group. Remember once again to aim low so as not to kill any of these monsters.”
Having got their agreement, they all settled down to wait, they could already hear their prey crossing the garden and heading towards the gate. Myrddin’s final words were to Alice.
“Alice, have you put the amulet back inside of the tin box?”
“Yes, Myrddin.” Alice replied in hushed tones. “The trap is set again, ready to stun some more hell-fiends at the vital moment.”

**********

The four men who had headed for Ryebank had heard the cries of pain and the one shotgun blast coming from the direction of the house, they smiled, and Ashen led them hot-footed back to the house in the hope of getting in on the action. Ashen did wonder why there had only been one shotgun fired, but he decided to wait to find an answer to the question. Those who had been left behind to guard the house and their prisoner could not see what had happened either, because of the wall between the house and the field, they only heard the cries of pain and the one shotgun blast. They too smiled and walked across the garden to congratulate their comrades. When they got through the gate, they saw no sign of their comrades, nor the dog, nor of Myrddin and his band. However, they did see a great deal of blood and this caused them a great deal of merriment, for they thought that it was Myrddin’s blood, actually it was the dog’s blood. They were then joined by the other team and one by one, the four men walked through the gate, somehow no one had missed the gardener. As for the two women, they walked back to the house to guard it and their prisoner.

**********

Sarah, had seen her sister’s friends rise up and fire their crossbows, the view from her window allowed this, and she had rejoiced when she saw that none of them had been killed by the Brotherhood. Then they had walked forward and out of her view. However, she was a little disconcerted two minutes later when she watched as her sister and the others walk back in to the rapeseed and away from the house, that is until she saw the remainder of her kidnappers appear and walk down the steps and then through the gate to disappear behind the wall in search of their comrades.

**********

Ashen had smiled when he too had seen the blood, the prey had been wounded, the chase was on, one that this time included Whyte, for he hoped to get in amongst the action. When they were all through the gate and either looking at the view or waiting for Ashen to lead them off, Alice opened her tin box and took out the amulet, aiming directly at Ashen, just in case it worked similar to a firearm. She watched as the hell-fiends suddenly stopped what they were doing and screamed out in pain, then the four young warriors plus Myrddin, Father Mason and Peter stood up and fired, ensuring that they all aimed low. Four crossbow bolts shot across the short space between the antagonists and hit four of the men, Bridget taking out Ashen. Peter and Father Mason took out Whyte with their shotguns as well as hitting Ashen a second time. Myrddin took out the German shepherd dog and then he and Father Mason threw down their shotguns and rushed the injured hell-fiends before they could even think about loading, then closing up and finally, firing their weapons. As Myrddin despatched three of the hell-fiends with his sword, Father Mason took out the other two with his spear. Myrddin then walked across to the whimpering dog and killed it, putting it out of its misery. He then turned to the others and ordered.
“Collect their weapons and any cartridges, give the cartridges to Alice to dispose of later. As for the guns themselves, we can leave them in the house, it will confuse any who may arrive later, especially as some of the weapons have been fired.”
Myrddin then picked up the body of the dog, as he had done with the first one, and took it well in to the field of rapeseed, leaving it there, he wanted whoever came along later to be left without any clues whatsoever as to what happened to these hell-fiends. With the weapons collected, they headed back to the house, alert for any remaining hell-fiends. Alice and Sarah waved to each other, the impossible had happened and no one had been hurt. The doors were wide open, ready for the heroes to enter by, they did so, slowly, listening for any sign of a hell-fiend. In the kitchen, the two women were talking while drinking a celebratory glass of white wine, their voices carried through to Myrddin and his friends. The others deposited the shotguns on to a table in a side room and then Myrddin led the way towards the voices. Alice was beside him, now wearing the amulet, it soon began to glow red and turn cold, Myrddin saw it and with his glowing sword in hand, prepared to strike down the hell-fiends ahead. Father Mason readied his glowing spear and they entered the kitchen together to see two women sitting at a table, a dark aura all about them. The women turned as they heard them enter, smiles on their faces replacing a look of discomfiture, because of the amulet. Their expressions soon turned questioning and then the first hint of fear entered their hearts when they saw the two glowing weapons. The amulet now gave them a deep and terrible pain, for it was much closer, and it made it almost impossible for them to react. They finally realised what had happened to five members of the Brotherhood who had gone missing, the two glowing weapons had erased them totally. They also guessed at the fate of Ashen and his two teams and real fear entered their hearts for the first time in their long lives. Elizabeth Elbridge managed to react first, through the pain she threw a heavy glass jar towards Myrddin, one that he almost dodged, but it still struck him hard on his shoulder before falling to the ground and smashing. Wincing in pain he slashed with his sword, making Elbridge move hastily back, right on to the foot of the gardener’s wife, who squealed in pain, distracting Elizabeth and allowing Myrddin to thrust out with his sword, killing the female hell-fiend. The other woman feigned a swoon; however, it did not fool Father Mason who pushed his spear down through the woman’s heart.
With all of the hell-fiends taken care of, Alice and Peter rushed upstairs to the room on the top floor of the house, the key was hanging on the wall outside of the room, and when Alice saw her sister standing by her cot, chained to a pipe in a side room, she rushed in to her arms, tears flowing freely down both of their young faces. Peter walked in and seeing the zip-tie he pulled out a penknife and cut it. Then they all rushed downstairs to re-join the others, for they knew that soon, they would have to be away from this empty manor house and before any more of the hell-fiends arrived.
Reunited with the others downstairs, Myrddin said to the others.
“We should clean our fingerprints off all of the shotguns and any door frame, wall or door that we touched; we must not allow them to use anything against us.”
“What about my finger prints in my cell?” Sarah asked.
“You and Alice might like to try and wipe away as many as you can in the next couple of minutes.” Myrddin replied.
The two sisters rushed back upstairs and got to work cleaning as many surfaces as possible and when they had done so, they returned to the ground floor. Myrddin used a dustpan and brush to gather up the broken pieces of the glass jar that had struck him and put them in to the kitchen bin. Then, he had more instructions for everyone.
“We must now collect their canvas holdalls, being careful about leaving fingerprints on them, leave them here in the hall, then we must leave here before any more of Lucifer’s warriors arrive.”

**********

When everything was attended to, and with everyone in agreement, they quickly left the large house and went by the quickest route back to the village, following in Ashen’s footsteps. Although there were now nine of them, they successfully hid from the police, and also from a group of well-dressed men who were either members of a religious group or, and more likely, the Brotherhood for these were both alert and affluent, if their attire was anything to go by. On reaching the carpark where their two vehicles were parked, they staked-out their vehicles from the trees that ran along the river bank that bordered the eastern part of the village and its car park. This was to ensure that no one was keeping an eye on the vehicles, and after two minutes, no longer, for as there were nine of them Myrddin thought they might draw attention to themselves, they decided that it was safe to move. Peter could not understand how neither the authorities, nor the Brotherhood, had thought to set up their own stake-out here, but the lack of one certainly suited him and his friends. They got in to their vehicles and left by the smaller exit, one that took them along a narrow lane rather than the one that would take them through the village, and on reaching a main road they headed north east. This direction was away from their homes, it was in the hope that there would be less people looking for them travelling in that direction. This direction took them to one of Britain’s many country parks, here they parked up and went for a walk to talk over what they should do next. As they strolled over a grassy meadow, Sarah thanked them all profusely for risking so much and more, promising that she would never forget them. They happened by chance upon a park cafe and Myrddin suggested that they have a cup of tea and a bun. They all agreed because by now it was way passed their lunch-time and so they pushed two tables together so they could talk with less chance of being overheard, and it was now that Myrddin became serious.
“One thing you should all understand, the Brotherhood has two options, once they elect a new commander-in-chief. They must decide whether they need to take us out now, or having lost so many brothers, leave us alone. Why, well that is something that we all know the answer to, because we are the only ones to know of their presence on Earth. They must be feeling very scared of us, following our unforeseen and totally stunning victory over these creatures of Hell. Because of this costly defeat, they might make their decision in haste, which unfortunately, might well be to renew their attack upon us.” Myrddin warned. “But whatever our future holds for us, at least Alice now has young Sarah back with her, safe and sound at last.” He said smiling at Sarah.
Everyone cheered his last words and Sarah smiled at them all, she could hardly believe that she was free again, the words of the spirit came back to her and she silently thanked her. It was here that Sarah mentioned her friendly spirit to the others, an event that no one doubted, not after so many similar experiences. Father Mason now added his thoughts to those of Myrddin.
“There is every chance that they will decide on the second option Myrddin, to leave us alone, having lost so many and not knowing how it happened. Let a sleeping dog lie may therefore appeal to them, for the moment at least, hoping that we do not know any more of their members, apart from Ian Jacobson of course.”
“You may be correct in that Alun, especially as they do not know that four more of their kind are known to us, Hardwick and possibly Caustin, two very powerful men and then there is the farmer and his wife at Torbridge who again are possibilities.” Myrddin replied.
“Professor, this war against the Brotherhood, could it last forever, could our whole lives be one of danger as we battle for our very existence against them?” Bridget asked.
“Yes, Bridget, it is why I wanted to keep you out of this battle.” Myrddin replied.
“But surely Professor, as they already know each and every one of us, following our stunning victory over the vampires, they may decide that a clean slate is a better option than allowing any of us to live to fight another day?” Neil asked
“Yes, Neil, in that you are also quite correct.” Myrddin replied and then went on to add on a more upbeat note. “With the battle over, for the moment, I would like to say that without you four brave souls, we might not have won this battle, your crossbows and your bravery in not shirking your duty, they were a vital part of arsenal and made our victory seem so simple.”
Silence followed his words as the four young warriors reflected in his words of praise, then Peter broke this silence.
“Surely, we cannot live for very long on a war footing, it would be even worse that the lockdown.” Peter argued, adding. “No, I believe that we should stay together until Monday to see how things go, and then return to our homes and university.” He then added, smiling. “Or your museum and my boat.”
“If that is what you want Peter.” Myrddin replied but then added. “But even with the amulet, I must advise you to be on your guard, for they will never forget what happened over the last two days. Remember that neither Hardwick nor Caustin died today and both must know of your involvement, and that of Alice, possibly John and of course Sarah.”
“Much as I hate to say it Myrddin, keeping together now sounds like the best option to me, you and Neil have convinced me. Thankfully, our two super weapons, the crossbows and the amulet give us quite an arsenal.” Father Mason said and then added. “Because, unfortunately, it now appears that we will all have to stay on our guard for the foreseeable future.”
“And together we are stronger Peter.” Myrddin added.
They broke off here and ordered more tea, coffee and cakes and when their order was delivered, the discussion was renewed. Joan had accepted Myrddin’s argument but something did bother her.
“If we were to stay with you Professor, for the moment, are you sure that you have enough room for all of us?”
“It will be a bit of a squash and we will certainly not be able to keep a two-meter distance, but largely because of the vaccine, the number of COVID-19 cases in Chapeltown have dropped significantly, so yes, you are all invited to stay, Peter too. The local constabulary are numbered amongst my friends and they will not come by to ask questions.”
While everyone pondered upon all that had been said, Myrddin looked at Alice and Sarah and asked.
“What about you two young women, as Peter has already said to Alice, to return to your house could well be considered foolhardy, that could apply to your job Alice or your university Sarah, for you, the danger posed by the Brotherhood, of them exacting their revenge, is all too real, especially if they found you to be living alone?”
The two young women looked first at Myrddin and then at Peter, but they said nothing, for they were also mulling over everything that had been said. Was the danger that Myrddin spoke of and Peter too just two days ago, the new reality, the new normal, or was what Peter had now said correct, when he now refused to accept the warning that Myrddin had given. There was also a financial aspect to take in to account and what sort of life could they expect to lead cowering away in Myrddin’s house? Alice was fond of Peter and would not have minded him moving in with them, however, she knew that he was still grieving for Susan. In any case, she was worried that Susan might just appear between them in their marital bed, if their relationship was to go that far, his dead wife had appeared to three, maybe four, different people so far, so why not.
Peter looked across at Myrddin and shrugged and then said to him.
“Myrddin, this state of affairs hardly feels like victory?” Then he shrugged his shoulders and added. “But we must play our hand as the cards fall so Myrddin, either I can move in with them.” adding quickly when he saw Myrddin smile. “On a purely platonic arrangement I assure you Myrddin, or they could accept your invitation to become two more of your house guests? You could certainly do with a pair of housekeepers Myrddin, given your growing family, here you have two ready-made ones, but how many spare rooms do you have?”
“Space is no problem, Peter, I had the attic converted when I felt the need of space to cater for a whim of mine, I was to use it as an enlarged library, but then the vampires happened followed by the Brotherhood, and the whim fizzled out.” Myrddin replied. He then continued.
“Our four young ladies could use the attic, it is well insulated and quite warm, even in the winter. John and Neil could share one of the spare rooms on the first floor.”
“What about Father Mason?” Joan asked anxiously.
Father Mason smiled.
“I suppose that I too could be a target Myrddin, certainly as a tool to use against you all, so for the near future, at least, I too will have to stay with you Myrddin, in your second spare room. Although, it is full of books at the moment, which is why you thought about moving them in to the attic conversion.”
“Instead, Alun, I will move the books down in to the cellar, after all, who has the time to read books now?
Myrddin now did the sums.
“Our four young warriors might feel the need to get part time jobs to provide them with some cash, they will certainly need it for their own shopping,” Myrddin said looking across at the young warriors who were sitting together. “Alun, has his pension, and I make a living at the museum, television and with my own writing.” He now looked at Alice and Sarah and smiling continued. “You two could rent out your property, which will bring you in a living and of course everyone will live rent free while you are in my house. And as Peter said, we could use your help in keeping my fortress running. Of course, our other young guests will clean, tidy and cater for themselves. If you want to move in, on a temporary basis or a long term one, Sarah, Alice, that is certainly okay with me. We can iron out the housekeeping chores and who does what later, as well as anything else that might occur to us.”
Everyone was in agreement with this, for the short-term anyway, Fortress Myrddin was a necessity. For how long they could continue to live together cheek by jowl was something else, but it would have to wait until the future unfurled and showed them what to expect in their new reality.
Myrddin smiled, he was happy for the moment, well reasonably so, but fate had chosen them to fight the good fight so he wondered, silently, just when they would be thrown in to the next battle and where it would be. One good thing, they could all slip the batteries back in to their smart phones, but Myrddin forbid them from taking them outside with them, if they wanted to leave the house then they had to leave their smart phone behind and make do with their cheap pay-as-you-go mobile phone.
The cafe workers wanted to close up as they had finished for the day, and so they left the cafe and walked back to their vehicles. They decided to head to Chapeltown going via Gloucester and Monmouth, luckily the lockdowns were now a thing of the past thanks to the vaccines, and so in driving along this route there was less chance of being spotted by the Brotherhood. As they approached Myrddin’s home, they were a little worried that the Brotherhood might just be waiting for them, but no, the Brotherhood must still be in disarray following their defeat.

**********

Two hours after Myrddin and his team had left the house of Giles Routledge, six men had arrived in three vehicles to find the house empty. There were no signs to show what had happened to the occupants of it, or of the passengers and pilot who had arrived in the helicopter, it stood empty on the lawn at the rear of the house. That something had happened to them was obvious, especially as the young woman prisoner was also gone. That some of the eight shotguns left on a table had been used was obvious, but who had fired them and at what, or who, and who had returned them to the house and why?
The only other obvious answer was that Professor Myrddin Llewellyn had just walked in to the house and freed the prisoner, seemingly unopposed as the house was not damaged in any way. That this could happen when so many of their kind were in or near to the house was a mystery, indeed it was a scary unprecedented mystery. A fearful William Wilberforce-Smythe, the senior man now at the house, called the man now in command of the Brotherhood in the UK, following the assumed death of the missing Lord Ashen.
Miles Caustin, the UK’s Home Secretary, and now in command of Brotherhood UK, on hearing the news immediately called a special extraordinary meeting, it was to take place the following afternoon. Its agenda, firstly, to decide how to handle the disappearance of so many members of the Brotherhood and secondly, Professor Myrddin Llewellyn, and what measures should, or should not, be taken against him and his small band of fighters.
As regards the first item on the agenda, it was decided that the families of the missing brothers would be told that their men, and they had mostly been males, except Elizabeth Elbridge and the gardener’s wife, would be away for an extended period of time. They would be informed that a solicitor would call by and have any outstanding bills or mortgages paid for them in full. Any real estate would be transferred over to the wife or children of the member and the family finances run by the solicitor to ensure that the family did not suffer financially. They would also be told that they must on no account complain to the authorities about the disappearances. The family were unlikely to in any case, as they would have been hypnotised at this point to ensure that they complied with this instruction, hypnotised by a member of the Brotherhood.

Chapter Five

The Revenge of the Brotherhood

It was Saturday 17th, Peter was due to leave for his boat on Monday morning, his resolution to attempt to return to his normal life worried Myrddin. Myrddin believed that the threat of an attack upon them, both elsewhere and in his house, would increase as time went by. The Brotherhood would probably use a single operative, or two at most, to pick off any who were alone, and then they would come after those who remained at his house. To help protect against this, he had leased three foam fire extinguishers from the firm that provided them at the museum, in this way he got a generous discount, they had been delivered that morning. One he put near enough to put any fire near to the front door which would also serve the basement, one on the first floor near to the stairs to the attic and the last was put near to the kitchen. He then made up a fire rota where each of them would take turns ensuring that any fires were seen and dealt with promptly. Thankfully, although the Brotherhood were followers of Lucifer, they were not powerful Satanists and had few Satanic powers, the one they mainly made use of was hypnotism.
It was early Sunday morning and it found Neil on watch; his turn was during the hours from midnight to three. Neil was of the opinion that Myrddin was probably in need of a break, for Neil did not believe that the Brotherhood would openly attack them, certainly not by setting alight to the house.
Bored, and feeling decidedly sleepy, Neil walked along to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee, he needed the caffeine to keep him awake for another hour when his spell on guard duty would end and Bridget would take over. From behind him he heard the sound of liquid splashing on the hall floor, turning he saw liquid pouring through the letter box, the smell told him that it was petrol. For a second, he was in shock at witnessing such an act, but that only lasted for that second, he rushed forward as the arsonist pushed a burning piece of paper through the letter box. As the petrol ignited, Neil picked up the fire extinguisher and before the fire could really get going, he sprayed foam over every flicker of a flame and in doing so was able to quickly extinguish the fire. With the fire out, he raised the alarm, for Myrddin had his younger guests install a system of internal fire alarms, which he had purchased on Saturday morning, they had all been busy with this and other tasks, and this had taken their minds off the possible dangers to their lives.
Myrddin led the way down the stairs while Bridget ensured that everyone was awake and out of their beds. They gathered downstairs, Myrddin opened the front door and looked outside, but the street was empty, the arsonist had made good his or her escape.
“I will leave the door open for the moment.” Myrddin said waving the door about to help the smell disappear. “It will let the smell of the petrol out of the house.”
Peter walked over to Neil and said to him.
“Well done, Neil, you were certainly quick off the mark.”
Neil smiled.
“Just lucky, I was heading for the kitchen when the bastard struck.” Neil then turned to Myrddin and said apologetically.
“Sorry, Professor, I thought that you were barmy, in need of a rest, but it was you who was right on the mark, again, thank god.”
The other young warriors stood there glowering at Neil, who now wished that the floor would swallow him up. But Myrddin did not complain about Neil’s remarks.
“I only wish that I had been wrong Neil.” Myrddin replied grimly. “This attack makes it appear that the Brotherhood are going for the first option, attack.” He then added. “They had obviously hoped for a quick victory, their next attempt will be more thought out.”
Peter smiled for a second and then he said in a resigned voice.
“I guess that I will be staying with you after all Myrddin, if you will have me that is.” Then adding.
“Because this arson attack has certainly convinced me that none of us would be safe, alone, certainly not aboard a small boat. At least your basement is dry and warm, and it’s a good thing that I read a lot, what with all the books that you have down there.”
“I am afraid that you are right Peter, at the moment it is not safe for you away from fortress Myrddin. As regards the cellar, sorry, it is the only room left, apart from the garden shed and it can be a bit cold out there, especially at night.” Myrddin replied facetiously.
When the sun rose the next day and after breakfast, Myrddin went to his museum and borrowed an obscure religious artifact, only then did he report the arson attack. He made it to his friend in the local constabulary, Sergeant Ray Miles. Ray was acquainted with Myrddin’s unofficial career, why, because Ray’s daughter, Julia, had been kidnapped by a group of real Satanists. It had been Myrddin who had tracked them down and saved his daughter. He was now a firm believer in the supernatural, having witnessed it when he, Myrddin and Alun had broken up a black sabbath, captured the leaders, chased the followers away and finally, rescued Julia Miles.
Ray called around to conduct the interview, he reckoned, quite rightly, that if it concerned Myrddin then his superiors would need to be given a PC version of the attack. Myrddin told him the official version first.
“My young friend Sarah had been kidnapped by a religious sect calling themselves the Brotherhood. Unfortunately, they had kept her in a dark room and she never knew her location or even saw her kidnappers’ faces, as they always wore KKK type hoods.”
He then went on to explain why she had been kidnapped.
“They wanted me to ‘loan’ then a religious artifact which was in my museum, when I refused, they kidnapped Sarah. Foolishly, I thought that I could handle the situation without informing the police.” Myrddin then told Ray of the fictitious exchange.
“They directed me by phone, number withheld, to the Newport golf course, they must have been watching me because as I neared a large bush, they ordered me to stop and to put the artifact, packed safely within a small crate, under the large bush which was near to the road.”
Myrddin then told Ray how he had supposedly found Sarah.
“They informed me that she had been released a little further on the same road, if I drove further down the road, I would find her, unharmed. Which I did.
Myrddin now told Ray why he believed they had committed the arson attack.
“Unfortunately, I also put a tracker in the crate, they found it and I believe that is why they attempted to burn my house down, as a punishment.”
Myrddin then told Ray, unofficially, the true version of events, that he and his friends had indeed rescued Sarah, for she had actually been kidnapped for use as a virginal sacrifice, she was to be given to Lucifer on the 31st October, which is All Hallow’s Eve, an important Satanic festival. Myrddin went on to recount how he and his friends had slain the hell-creatures that had been responsible, likening the Brotherhood to daytime vampires, except they were far more dangerous and numerous that the normal vampire. Finally, he warned Ray to say nothing about the true version of events, for he would then become a target of the Brotherhood. He warned him that two senior members of the Police force were members of the Brotherhood and numerous politicians and other members of the so-called elite. Anyway, Myrddin’s house was cramped enough already, only the garden shed was vacant, should Ray be foolish enough to repeat the true version of events to anyone, especially his superiors.
Later that day, Peter received a phone call on his smart phone, a neighbour had called to inform him that Peter’s boat had burned down to the waterline during the early hours of Saturday night. The neighbour believed that it had started when a homeless person broke in looking for somewhere to doss down, the person had unfortunately died in the fire.
“Luckily, Myrddin, my two ancient books are safely stored away in a safe deposit box located within my bank.”
Myrddin was worried that the homeless person may have triggered an incendiary device, if so, then Alun’s house may have been booby-trapped, awaiting his return, so he phoned Sergeant Ray Miles.
“Ray, I need your assistance in another matter to do with our new friends and their love of fire, the same ones that I told you about on Sunday.”
“I will come around to your house immediately, Myrddin, officially I will be giving you an update concerning our investigation in to the fire.”
When Ray arrived, he saw that Myrddin and his house guests were looking rather anxious and Myrddin told him why.
“Ray, there have now been two arson attacks made against us.” Myrddin then told Ray about Peter’s boat and then went on to say. “I believe that the Brotherhood may well have booby trapped Alun’s house as well, waiting for his return to set it off. If this is so, then it stands to reason that they may also have done the same to the house of Alice and Sarah Waterstone in Christchurch.”
Ray could see that everyone within the house were in agreement with Myrddin and so he promised to call in the bomb squad to first check out Alun’s house and then the house of the two young women in Christchurch.
The bomb squad arrived at Alun’s house at about the same time as Myrddin and Alun, they used a micro-camera which they pushed through the letter box to check out the door, but this was found to be free of devices, so, using Alun’s front door key they entered the house. They checked out the front room, but it was also clear of any devices. Alun now began to feel a little foolish, that was until the bomb squad checked out the kitchen and in here, they did find an explosive device, it was sitting inside the fridge and had they opened the door wide enough to reach for the milk, then it would have exploded. As it was, they did not open it wide enough to activate the device and they were able to quickly defuse it.
Sarah and Alice arrived at their house, with Peter, they found that the bomb squad was waiting for them, they too found the front door free of explosive devices, they too found the device in the kitchen, in the fridge. Obviously, the same bomber had set both bombs and now the bomb squad took the religious cult a little more seriously, but just as Ray had not been able to find any sign of the Brotherhood, nor could the bomb squad.
Ray came around on Tuesday with Detective Superintendent Chambers, who Myrddin remembered had led the search for the vampire crisis at Chapeltown, although they had never met.
He asked the same questions that Ray had and received the same answers, he was not satisfied that he had been told everything, and something reminded him of the vampire killers, but for the moment he had to be satisfied until he found out more about the intended victims. Of course, there was nothing much to learn about them, as they were all normal law-abiding citizens who had never had anything to do with the police before the kidnapping of Sarah. While the police had been there, the four young warriors had kept to their rooms, for questions might have been asked as to why so many people felt it necessary to inhabit one house.
Peter smiled at the others and said to them.
“The Superintendent would never have believed the truth in any case; I am sure that I would not have believed it, if I had not lived through it all.” He then added. “Having said that, I am so lucky that I stayed the weekend at your house Myrddin, for if I had returned to my boat immediately, I could easily have been burnt alive.”
These sentiments were agreed by the others, for they could all have died over the weekend, but for Myrddin. Myrddin also agreed that they had all been lucky, but he knew that luck could easily desert them. He then said to them.
“It would be nice if we could also find help amongst the authorities, but making them believe us is another thing. We could easily find ourselves in jail for mass murder, so for the moment we are on our own. Therefore, we need a plan of action; we have to take the war to them and so are there any suggestions?”
Alun was the first to answer.
“To have a plan we need a list of targets, of course we know three such men but, they will be guarded and if we were caught, we would be facing a very long jail sentence. Therefore, could we not do as you did before Myrddin, follow the three men that we know of and make a note of anyone they call upon or who calls upon them. There are nine of us, so if split in to three groups of three, we could easily keep a watch upon one of them during the hours of six in the morning until midnight, changing the groups target each day so we are not too easily noticed,” He then added. “We would need to photograph any of their visitors so that the other watches would recognise them.”
“Unfortunately, they mainly all live and work in London, watching them would be very dangerous Alun, given all the official watchers and cameras there, it would also be far too expensive.” Myrddin said, dampening everyone’s desire to be included upon such a task.
“You are probably correct Myrddin.” Alun replied dejectedly. “In that case how do we proceed, if we are to shun danger?”
It was Peter who came up with an answer.
“We wait for them to come at us again. We install the best CCTV that we can buy and reasonably install, both back and front of the house, and split up in to Alun’s three shifts. Then, when they come again, we do not capture them, we follow them and keep a watch on their comings and goings. That way, there will not be any official watchers to trap us and if we are very careful, the Brotherhood will not know that we are watching them.”
It was John who then added to this plan.
“Remember how I tracked the vampires to their lair, I used a GPS tracker, we can do the same with the minions of the Brotherhood, in that way the chances of them seeing us following on behind them will be minimised.”
“It might be better to tag their vehicle when they make their escape, otherwise, if the tracker is found they will expect us and this advantage would be lost. In that way we can take the original tracker off their vehicle and replace it with one hidden beneath the car, and then we can follow them to their associates with the minimum of danger.” Bridget said, adding to their plan of campaign.
“And the amulet will separate the creatures of Hell from the human contacts.” Alice added.
“We need to order the CCTV and GPS equipment without any delay, if we use Amazon Prime, we can have it here by tomorrow.” Joan advised.
“Amazon, suppliers to all the best vampire slayers, or in this case, the slayers of all the creatures of Hell.” Bridget said and getting a laugh or a smile from everyone.
Myrddin then said to them.
“We will also have to add six blow-up beds to the shopping list, unless you are all to continue sleeping on your camping pads on the floor. I suggest that they are ordered first or you will all have bad backs from your current sleeping arrangements.”
Peter then spoke.
“Myrddin, I will pay for my blow-up bed and give you something towards the CCTV and the trackers, let me how much when Amazon confirm the order.”
“Thank you, Peter, I appreciate that.” Myrddin replied.
Joan immediately attended to this, putting the order on to Myrddin’s account, along with two CCTV cameras and six each of two different GPS trackers. One sort was to be fired at the enemy’s get-away vehicle and the other to replace the more visible but initial tracker. While she did so Myrddin declared.
“We now have a plan of operations then; we now have to decide on our teams. I will lead one with Joan and Sarah as my crossbow artists. Peter, you can have John and Alice, Alun, you have Neil and Bridget. He then added. “Sarah, Alice and Peter you will all have to train in the use of the crossbow, if Bridget will supply the bows and bolts, using money supplied by our group’s hell-fund. A fund that we can all pay in to, with those having the least income paying what they can. Agreed?”
“Agreed.” Was the immediate response of the others, although they all knew that the three oldest amongst them would be paying the most in to the fund. However, Peter interrupted here.
“I will pay for the weapons Myrddin, otherwise, you will end up bankrupting yourself.”
“Thank you again Peter.” Myrddin replied.
The growing outflow of cash was noted by the original four younger members and Sarah who all agreed to look for jobs on Monday, as for Alice, she had her own plan.
“Professor, my future plans are up in the air at the moment, can I pay my way by being your housekeeper until such time as our future becomes clearer?”
“That sounds like an excellent idea Alice, but don’t let the others treat you as their own slave, make them pick up after themselves.”
“Don’t worry Professor, I keep them all in line.”
Myrddin now returned to their defence plans.
“We can begin our archery lessons immediately, Bridget, will you set up a target in the back garden for Sarah, Alice and Peter to practice with your crossbow, and would you train them. Oh! You had better set up a bolt-proof screen to ensure that there is no chance of shooting one of our neighbours, those who live on the other side of my rear fence. As far as the rota of the teams watching out for an attack, my team will work for the next four hours, less Alice, we will be followed by Alun’s team and finally, Peter’s team. Of course, tomorrow the hours will be longer. The hours of each watch can be changed weekly to give everyone a more favourable on and a less favourable one. Now, is that acceptable to everyone?”
It was, because it was new and exciting, whether they would be able to keep up this level of interest, should the Brotherhood not attempt anything for the next few months, Myrddin thought that it was unlikely, which meant that they would have to hope for another attack soon, bizarre as that sounded to him. It would have to come after their Amazon delivery of course, he hoped that the Brotherhood would understand this, he smiled at his bizarre thoughts before taking up his position at the upstairs front window. The next morning, immediately after breakfast, Myrddin reminded them of one important thing.
“Remember everyone, if they do attack us, even in force, you cannot risk killing them, that is the job of Alun and myself, with our mystical weapons. Your job is to bring them down, incapacitate them and then to home us on to them.”
He repeated this because he wanted them to remember this one fact even when facing terrible odds, to forget it would be catastrophic for whichever of their friends was near to the dead hell-fiend.
That next night of watching, waiting amid yawns from everyone because they were tired, found Joan hidden in the front of the garage. Joan had her crossbow and also John’s catapult that he had used to stick a tracker on to a vampire in Chapeltown, she was also making use of one of his original GPS trackers. Sarah was at the back of the garage, on watch for an intruder coming from the rear of the garden. They all had their cheap mobile phones ready to call the group to action stations, as their smart phones could give away their position and so they were left in their bedrooms during the hours of their watch. Myrddin had parked his old Land Rover inside the garage while Peter had parked his vehicle in front of the garage door, but leaving room for someone to exit it, if and when they needed to use the tracker. This would still give the watchers within the garage enough room to move about in, even if they had to breathe in as they walked by the vehicle. Nothing happened, and as the day crawled by, still nothing happened, except that Amazon delivered their order and they were busy with the beds and the security equipment. The official police investigation had ground to a halt, as Myrddin’s group were the only ones who knew of the Brotherhood, therefore the fight against evil depended upon the unofficial team.

**********

It was just before midnight, Neil was on watch in the front room, the curtains were drawn, of course, and Neil was watching the empty street on his computer screen, it was linked in to the CCTV cameras. He had John’s catapult and tracker ready for use, plus the mystical sword belonging to Myrddin and it was just two days before All Hallow’s Eve. If the Brotherhood was going to attack, he thought to himself, then surely it must be today or tomorrow that they would come.
Alun was in the rear of the garage, their watch, was coming to an end. There had been two false alarms that night, the first had been when four drunks had stopped in front of the house, Neil had immediately contacted Alun on the walkie talkie to say that the Brotherhood had arrived, only for the drunks to move off. The second time, two fighting cats has upset one of the rubbish bins that were at the rear of the back garden. Alun and Bridget immediately told Neil, who was about to sound the house alarm, when the culprits were seen. Although they were relieved that the intruders were not the Brotherhood, it had sent their pulses racing both times and stressed them out big time. They almost wanted the Brotherhood to attack, to get it over with and so get through this bad period in their lives.
Alun and his team were tired, mainly from the constant fear of attack, it wore them all down, thankfully, Myrddin together with Joan and Sarah were on their way down to take over the watch. It was at this point in the night that Alun saw movement in the back garden, his hand went to his mystical spear that was by his side, it had begun to glow, dimly at first but as the men got nearer to the house, so it brightened up. Bridget was in the front of the garage, she too longed for her bed for it had been a long day. The garage and house were in darkness, for each of them was armed with a torch to allow them to move around surreptitiously. The torches had been similarly dimmed as Peter had done in Torbridge, taped over the top with paper to reduce the glare and with a slot cut in to the paper to allow some light to see by. Even so, they had strict instructions to keep the torch pointed down at the floor or they could still give themselves away.
It had been as Myrddin had approached the front room that four men entered the rear of the garden, all were dressed in black. At the same time, at the front of the house, Neil watched as a van pulled up across the other side of the street and he saw, with the beginning of fear sprouting within his heart, four men exit the vehicle, they were similarly attired in black, all of them were armed with automatic pistols, with silencers fitted to them. He looked across at a tin box, it was on the coffee table behind him, in contained the amulet.
Myrddin entered the front room, lit only by the light coming from the computer screen which was on split screen mode and it showed both the front and the back gardens. Neil looked up at him and told him about the four men coming towards the front of the house, pointing at the men clearly shown on the computer screen, which also showed the four men in the back garden. Neil handed over the sword to Myrddin and picked up his crossbow, it was already loaded with a crossbow bolt. Myrddin was just about to call Alun to ask him if he had seen the men in the back garden when Alun called him to tell of the four in the back garden, which of course Myrddin already knew.
“We cannot come to your assistance Alun, as we have four men coming in the front door, but if you cannot cope then I will send Neil to lend you a hand.”
“Likewise, Myrddin.” Alun replied and signed off, he had four guests to meet.
This large a team was not what Myrddin had hoped for, he had wanted a lone wolf that they could scare away and track. If they had a dark aura surrounding their bodies, it was not noticeable in the dark of the night. They would only know if their attackers were human, or not, when the amulet was unleashed or their mystical weapons glowed. Myrddin turned to Sarah, who looked a little scared at the thought of so many attackers, and he said to her.
“Do not worry Sarah, our attackers know nothing about our three super weapons, we will repulse them. Will you rouse our three sleepers, we will need their help to win through the coming battle and remember that Peter is in the basement?”
Sarah rushed back upstairs as Myrddin picked up the tin box that contained the amulet, and he prepared to unveil it at the instance that the Brotherhood broke into his house. Joan, Bridget and Neil, all in separate parts of the house, crouched down behind whatever was at hand, their crossbows cocked with a bolt ready to launch at their evil foes. Each of them repeated Myrddin’s warning to themselves, do not kill them. Peter, Alice and John all came awake as they heard Sarah pounding up the stairs and Alice and John joined her on the landing in their pyjamas and with their crossbows in their hands. As they reached the foot of the stairs, they met Peter coming up from the basement. Everyone wondered as to what their attackers were, and if human they knew that they could not chance killing them, except as a last resort, what with the authorities’ views on defending yourselves against armed intruders’ intent on murder. Last but not least, was the effect of taking another human’s life upon the slayer, even a human intent on killing you, or one of your friends, or even your sister.
The four men saw the sturdy front door and they changed direction, their intelligence had not warned them of this, or of the number of humans within the house. They were now headed for the ground floor window, not knowing that they were heading for Neil who was poised with his crossbow, Myrddin and now Alice, who had taken the tin box off Myrddin to free his sword arm.
Joan was looking at the front door, she heard Myrddin call to her.
“Joan, the front room, quickly.”
She was already by the door to the front room, she simply shuffled across twelve inches, and with crossbow in hand, prepared to fight. The odds were much worse this time, another eight attackers but coming at them, but all together, not in two teams split by enough time to deal with them separately. The Brotherhood must have learned from their previous meeting to respect Myrddin’s team, and these attackers were also all armed with automatic pistols and wearing night vision goggles, but Myrddin had foreseen this last item.
Bridget ran to the back of the garage as Alun silently unlocked the rear door of the garage, they would burst out as soon as they heard the creatures of Hell call out in pain when the amulet was exposed.
Peter and John could see that Myrddin had the front of the house well in hand, therefore they moved silently along the hallway to the kitchen and arrived just in time to see four shapes approaching the kitchen door. They slipped through the connecting door in to the garage and crouched down next to Bridget and Alun.
Myrddin vowed to replace the current windows with double glazed ones, this would make it harder for any future attackers to break-in through them. Myrddin left the front room to Neil, Joan, Sarah and Alice and he moved to the front door and silently unlocked it, he had oiled all of the outer doors for silent use and surprise. It was now that the attackers made to enter the front room through its window. One of them had fixed a large suction cup to the glass and then another used a diamond glass cutter on the glass, seconds later and a large section of the glass was removed, almost the entire pain of glass. It was large enough to allow the men to climb through, and as the four men prepared to do just that, three things happened. Neil pulled on a rope that opened the curtains, Sarah switched on an extension cable, plugged in to it were two standard-lamps, each of them had a downlighter shade, their light was aimed directly at the window. Finally, Alice took the tin lid off the box and took out the amulet, it immediately glowed red and she felt its cold touch as it immediately joined the battle against the creatures of Hell.
The eight attackers, front and back, stopped as the pain shot through their hearts and headed for their brains, they each uttered a loud cry of pain that incapacitated them at a critical time, more so at the front of the house, than the rear, for at the front the attackers were also blinded by the standard-lamps. Temporarily stunned, they could do nothing as Joan and Neil, standing behind the two lamps, rose in the blackness of the front room and fired at the two men nearest to the glassless part of the window. They then ducked back down to reload their weapons. Their bolts had flown through the air with a whoosh, piercing the two hell-fiends’ thighs and making them fall back on to the ground uttering another sharp cry of pain. However, they still grasped their weapons and so were a danger to anyone foolish enough to approach them. Sarah and Alice now moved forward and fired their weapons, the bolts sinking in to the legs of the third and fourth attackers, who were still blinded by the light coming from the house. The thought that they could be hit by a bullet was at the forefront of their minds, but they had gone to battle anyway. The creatures of Hell at the front of the house, in pain and all wounded, pulled off their night vision goggles that were no aid to vision under the present circumstances, in answer to their actions, Alice turned the two lights off.
At the rear of the house, as four men converged on the kitchen door, Bridget and Peter and John rushed from the garage as soon as their attackers stopped and groaned out loudly in pain, coming at them from behind as the garage jutted out in to the rear garden. Three crossbow bolts hit their targets in their legs as Alun emerged from the garage and thrust his spear in to the only one left unharmed by the crossbow attack, he collapsed to the ground and his body turned to dust.
The three remaining attackers at the rear of the house now thought they knew why their comrades had been beaten, Myrddin had discovered a way to give them all heart attacks that somehow also slew their dark souls, but in this they were so wrong.
With all four of the attackers out front wounded, the hell-fiends attempted to help each other back to their vehicle, they wanted out of this battle. but Myrddin was already amongst them. He had come out of the house as soon as he heard the cries of pain as the amulet attacked the creatures of Hell. Unseen by their attackers, he came up on them from behind them and stabbed the nearest of their attackers at the same time as Neil fired at his previous target, injuring him this time in his shoulder. This brought the hell-fiend down on top of the two men initially targeted by Sarah and Joan. Seeing Myrddin out front, and worried for his safety, Alice, Sarah and Joan now went back in to battle. Aiming low to ensure that no one was killed, they fired again at the injured men to stop them from firing at Myrddin. The creatures of Hell, with their insides on fire from the amulet and with crossbow bolts protruding from their bodies, fired at no one, for they had all been stunned in to inaction, all they wanted to do was to surrender, but this impossible in this war. Neil and Joan climbed through the window, now open, and pulled the pistols out of the hands of the fallen hell-fiends, while Sarah and Alice reloaded their crossbows. The hell-fiends watched in horror as Myrddin despatched their comrades until only one man was left, his pistol lying on the ground just out of his reach, and he resigned himself to death as Myrddin drove his sword in to his black heart.
Out back, the forces of good quickly despatched the forces of evil there, taken by surprise the second man followed the first as Bridget, Peter and John, with no time to reload, used home-made clubs to attack the final two men. The two men, both injured and in pain, could not stop their weapons from being taken off them. Alun then moved forward and despatched them, for they could hardly take such dangerous hell-fiends prisoner. The battle was over before a curtain twitched in the neighbouring houses. With no bodies to explain, they collected the pistols and walked back inside Myrddin’s house. The nine heroes on the side of God could now take a second to breathe, they had come through against all the odds, Myrddin’s blitzkrieg had won the day without any of them coming to any harm. Speed, surprise, super weapons and breath-taking bravery were too much for evil hearts and minds made decadent over the last 100 plus years, for the world no longer believed in the devil, demons, witches or vampires. Finally, their neighbours’ curtains, front and back did open and their neighbours opened their windows to peer out, but there was nothing to see except the strange van parked on the road.
It was at two in the morning that Myrddin turned off their CCTV camera at the front of the house and quietly crossed the road to their enemy’s vehicle, opening the rear door he deposited the pistols inside it, having wiped any of their finger prints off them. This would negate any attempt to blame Myrddin for their attackers’ disappearance, should the police search his house. Only his broken window was to be seen the next morning by the neighbours who stopped to talk to one another about the screams in the night. The consensus was that it was the young people staying at the professor’s house who were probably responsible for the screams and also the broken window.

**********

The leaders of the Brotherhood in Britain quaked, for no further news had come from yet another of their teams. A force of eight men had been defeated this time, this was the third time that they had been defeated in battle, three times that their brothers’ souls had been slain, but how? If Myrddin was able to export his method to the rest of the world then their entire race was in danger of extinction. They had planned this last battle, their troops were in contact from the moment that the attack had been launched, but whatever had occurred, it had happened so fast that all they had heard over the phone were some cries of pain. Although, these cries had been followed by the screams of dark souls as they were extinguished, screams unheard by the mortals but which had echoed in the brains of the remaining members of the Brotherhood for minutes afterwards.
Sir James Hardwick and Miles Caustin tried one last attempt at defeating their foe before they attempted to find help outside of the UK. Hardwick had Myrddin’s house searched for dangerous weapons, it seemed that he had been reported to the police as a Welsh terrorist. However, Sergeant Ray Miles had called Myrddin just ten minutes before the raid had begun, warning him of it. One crossbow had been found, but it is legal in the UK, as long as the owner was over eighteen years of age, which Myrddin was. Myrddin’s house was built in Tudor times and it came with a priest hole. the sword, the lance, the amulet and the remaining crossbows and most of the bolts had been quickly hidden within it well before the first police vehicle screeched to a halt before the house.
They had queried the number of people within the house, but Myrddin had explained that the younger ones were students, they were enjoying some extra tuition to replace that lost during the long lockdowns. Peter, a noted historian and writer, was there to assist him, Alice and Sarah were there to cater for the large number of students and others, and finally, Alun was there to cater for their souls. As the current bubble was for ten people, Myrddin explained that he would have been able to squeeze another in, if called upon to do so. Finding nothing illegal, the police were forced to retreat back to their base, even if they did suspect that something unusual was indeed happening in this house.

Chapter Six

Battle Commences Against Satanic Forces

It was the day before All Hallow’s Eve and Caustin was about to make contact with someone who, though he had felt beneath him, he would now ask for his help, of course, it would mean divulging to a mortal the existence of the Brotherhood. It was on the outskirts of the town of Torbridge, his parliamentary constituency, in front of him was a large manor house, it was owned by Jules Gorgo. Gorgo was a Satanist, a real one not a wannabee, one who sought immortality amongst other things, Caustin was about to offer this as a gift, if, he helped them by using his Satanic powers against Myrddin. Normally, there would hardly be enough time to organise such an attack, especially on Myrddin and his warriors. Luckily for the powers of evil, Gorgo and his senior disciples had all been in training for weeks for this important Satanic event. Training had meant a strict diet with no alcohol, meat or dairy products allowed and of course they had held minor black masses to Lucifer over the last six days. This was to ensure that their dark lord blessed their event with a visit either by him, or by one of his terrible demon princes.
Caustin had little in the way of powers, except that of hypnotism, but he was not daunted by what he had learned about Gorgo, for Caustin was all but immortal, Gorgo was only a mortal human. Caustin could lose a battle, but he would always end up the victor, however, he now realised that this rigid thinking had probably lost them the battles fought against Myrddin, but it would not lose him a battle fought face to face against Gorgo, should it ever happen.
Caustin pulled in to the driveway of Gorgo’s house and was invited inside, for Gorgo knew Caustin, for they had met at various receptions where Caustin was introduced as the local MP and of course, as the Home Secretary. They were sitting in the Satanist’s sitting room, and Caustin explained his reason for calling on him.
“Gorgo, what I am about to divulge to you might surprise you.” Caustin began. “For instance, I know that you are a powerful Satanist and that you seek immortality.”
Gorgo looked and was stunned by his guest’s words, however, he was not allowed to rubbish this statement, for Caustin then went on to say.
“Do not fear Gorgo, and please do not attempt to deny my statement, for I need your help in a small project of my own. In exchange, I will reward you with the immorality that you seek above anything else.”
Gorgo took a moment to reply, for he was still in a temporary stunned state. Caustin could see him almost physically force his temporary frozen state away and then Gorgo replied to his guest’s unexpected statement.
“You have me at a disadvantage Home Secretary, am I supposed to laugh or feign anger at your ludicrous statement?”
“Neither, Gorgo, just accept what I say and do as I ask.” Caustin replied while his mind attempted to take control of his host’s mind.
Gorgo felt Caustin’s powerful mind at work, but he was not an ordinary man, he was a powerful Satanist and his own mind almost physically threw the invader out of own brain. Angered by this attempt to control him he stood up and demanded that Caustin leave, Caustin smiled.
“My dear Gorgo, I was only supplying you with the proof that you sought, I fully realised that I could not take control of your mind.” Caustin reasoned. “In fact, had I been able to do so, then you would have shown yourself to me less powerful than I believed and so, useless to me.”
Gorgo sat back down and asked.
“How are you able to give me immortality Caustin, yet still be in need of my help?” speaking less formally than before and not bothering with his guest’s title.
Caustin smiled again and leaning forward and speaking in almost a whisper said to the Satanist.
“Gorgo, have you ever heard of a Satanic group called the Brotherhood?”
Gorgo looked at Caustin, once against surprise showing on his face, however he avoided looking directly in to his guest’s eyes as he replied quizzically to Caustin’s question.
“They are a myth surely Caustin, you cannot expect me to believe that you are an immortal, that they actually exist?”
“Yes, Gorgo, I do. Of course, I do not carry a card with my status as an immortal embossed upon it, but I am a senior member of the Brotherhood and I am here to offer you membership of our select group, as long as you assist us in removing an annoying tic that has recently learned of our existence.”
Gorgo still looked unconvinced as he replied to his guest’s declaration.
“If you are one of this mythical band, why do you not simply take out these tics yourself, they could hardly prevent you from doing so, if what I learned about your group is actually fact and not fiction?”
Caustin now looked embarrassed, as he was, when he replied to this question.
“You are quite right Gorgo, unfortunately he has so far made a number of us disappear, 25 I believe is the current number, just how, we do not know, but it appears that he has found a way to either kill us, or, make us his prisoners.”
“Caustin, I thought that if I was to kill one of you, then you would simply take control of my body?”
“That is quite correct Gorgo, so I warn you not to attempt such a stupid act, unfortunately, our tic has found a way to stop that from happening. We believe that he must kill us, that or have a large prison in which to imprison us and with a large staff to keep us there, all of which would be in danger of losing their bodies to our members.”
The chance of immortality had decided Gorgo to go along with Caustin, for the moment, so he now asked.
“What do you require of my coven Caustin and to whom should we direct our attention?”
Caustin smiled as he replied.
“Myrddin Llewellyn, the television celebrity and curator of the Chapeltown museum.”
“Oh! I quite like to watch him on television.” Gorgo lamented.
“Gorgo, so did we, until he and his small team of followers interfered with our plans for tomorrow night and then killed or kidnapped all of the members who we sent against him.”
Gorgo considered this reply for a moment and then he asked.
“How many are there in his team and who are they, ex-SAS perhaps?”
Caustin smiled weakly and answered Gorgo.
“If only, those we could deal with. No, we believe that Myrddin has an aging priest, a historian, two sisters just out of their teens and maybe, although we are not sure, four archaeological students. The students helped him and his priest slay the vampires that terrorised Chapeltown not long ago. The students may have answered his call for help this time, but we do not know for sure, as none of the members sent against Myrddin have ever returned.”
“You want my coven to send some demons against them, is that right, tomorrow night, on All Hallow’s Eve. They are to kill everyone they find so that you can continue your immortal lives without any interference. Is that correct Caustin?”
“Yes, Gorgo. Can your coven accomplish that small deed?”
“Yes, of course the demons will have to be powerful ones, otherwise, Myrddin might kill them too and then their masters would be annoyed and demand suitable reparation in the form of souls Caustin, yours and mine included.”
“Mine!” Caustin exclaimed indignantly. “Surely you do not want me to partake in your black mass?”
“Not only you Caustin, but nine of your members, one for each of your tics. Nine is a magic number which may be why Myrddin has chosen eight followers, for when he is added to their number it makes nine people”
“But after losing so many members, I am not sure that I can find that many members at such short notice.” Caustin complained.
“Okay, five of your members and four of mine, then if things go wrong then at least we will survive the night.” Gorgo replied. “They will all have to have something on their bodies to denote their status as sacrifices, if necessary, something small so they do not notice it.”
Gorgo thought about this for a moment and then came up with a suitable answer.
“A scent made up of earthy sandalwood & ylang ylang, with some patchouli and vanilla mixed in to it will guide any incoming demons to them.”
Gorgo then asked the most important question, a far as he was concerned.
“Tell me Caustin, how will I be given immortality?”
Caustin smiled and then went on to explain.
“It will be a simple ceremony, a form of the black mass that you are already familiar to. It will alter your human soul to the dark soul of the Brotherhood, bringing you even closer to our dark lord, Lucifer. Once you are one of us, you will be given senior status, as you will also have Satanic powers that up until now, we had not thought necessary. Caustin replied.
Gorgo nodded and then warned his guest.
“Ensure that you arrive in time for the black mass Caustin, along with your five members, or else the deal is off.” Gorgo warned. “Meet me in the barn of Oak Trees Farm, the farmer being a member of our coven, I will then take you and your members to the site of the black mass.”

**********

Rob Hinds and David Pritchard were special intelligence service agents, they were currently parked in a small carpark around the corner from the manor house belonging to Gorgo. They were looking at a monitor that was showing the front of the manor house, the picture being sent to the monitor from a drone sitting on the bough of a tree in the garden of the house. They were monitoring Gorgo’s house as he was known to be the leader of a Satanic coven. They had been getting increasingly bored, that is until they saw Caustin drive up to the house and be invited inside. They immediately added a photo of Caustin in to a large file containing details on all visitors to Satanists. The two agents had a lot of experience in dealing with Satanists, having met and fought against various ones many times before.
“What is Caustin, our Home Secretary, doing visiting Gorgo, he is not known to be a friend of the Satanist?” Rob asked his friend. “And he arrived here without his driver or security man which is a little suspicious in its self.”
“Maybe he was invited around for a chat, or a drink, there could be many reasons behind the call Rob. His is the local MP and Gorgo is supposed to be a respectable business man. He may feel that he did not need a security man or a driver for this type of meeting.” David replied.
“No, David, something tells me that there is something far more important than tea behind the meeting.” Rob replied. “His sort will never go anywhere without either man, their presence makes Caustin and his ilk feel important, the only reason that he came alone was because he does not wish the trip to be noted down.”
“It is a damned shame that the drone could not penetrate the security screen thrown around that house by Gorgo.”
“Yes, Rob, somehow Gorgo has made use of his Satanic powers to prevent radio signals of any sort leaving the four walls, or up through the roof, of his house.”
That night, David had a dream, the sort of dream that he had experienced before, a young woman appeared before him and told him that he must visit Myrddin Llewellyn in Chapeltown the very next morning. Once there, he must warn him that Caustin and the Brotherhood, were paying Gorgo to use his Satanic powers against Myrddin and his friends. He must be on hand to protect them against the demons that would soon be primed to attack and kill everyone within the house.
When morning came, David told Rob of his dream which was about people he had never met, Rob agreed with his friend, he must visit the television celebrity to speak to him about his dream. It took Rob only moments to find that Myrddin worked at the Chapeltown Museum and David drove over to Chapeltown early the next morning. Once there, he soon found out Myrddin’s address in a telephone directory in the town’s library. Rob had stayed behind in Torbridge, his job, to follow Gorgo to the Satanic celebration. Once there he would attempt to stop the celebration when Gorgo began to invoke the demon or demons which he meant to send to Chapeltown.

**********

All Hallow’s Eve arrived and everyone at Fortress Myrddin hoped that it and the following day would pass peacefully, then their ordeal might be over, for the moment at least.
Alun mentioned to Myrddin that he had heard of two warriors, through his contacts amongst the Church, who had fought and beaten evil before, and he had asked Myrddin if he should contact them. However, Myrddin was now of the opinion that extra warriors would not help them unless they could also obtain more super-weapons. It would only see more people living at Fortress Myrddin under the protection of their sword and spear.
David arrived just after the inhabitants of Fortress Myrddin had finished their breakfast, and the news that he brought shattered many hopes of a peaceful end to their current ordeal. Myrddin though, although he had the same hopes as the others, had known that there was also the chance that these two days could well be filled with danger. For All Hallow’s Eve and All Hallow’s day were important days for the followers of Lucifer.
After showing his credentials, David explained just why he had come by to speak to Myrddin.
“Mr Llewellyn, as you can see, I am with the Special Intelligence Service, my job there, along with my partner, is to locate and stop any genuine Satanists who possess real powers, and it would surprise most people just how many we have found.” David said for openers.
Myrddin interrupted him there and David was forced to wait until an ancient but impressive looking amulet was brought in to the room and then he was forced to touch it. He immediately felt the power of the amulet, and he knew that he had been just passed some sort of test and when he did not cry out in pain, Myrddin smiled and said to him.
“Mr Pritchard, sorry to inconvenience you, we just wanted to try something out, but it did not work, so please continue.”
David thought that there was more to the amulet, especially after feeling its power, something that Myrddin had not mentioned as yet, however he put that aside for the moment and continued on with his explanation regarding his visit.
“My partner and I have had a lot of success fighting evil, all of which has been kept a secret, and must remain so lest it cause panic, or maybe that should be ridicule, for there are so few believers in these modern times. Occasionally, I receive messages from another dimension, they always warn of evil and lead us in to danger, danger that we have survived, however, some of those who were the target of the evil did not, even some of our colleagues lost their lives in this eternal battle between good and evil.”
Alun now interrupted David.
“You and your partner are known to me through my friends in the church Father Pritchard, they told me of the evil that you faced and the paranormal power that you in turn use against them.”
“You too are a man of the cloth?” Myrddin asked David in surprise for he did not think that the Church would allow a priest to learn, never mind use, the black arts.
“I was in the earlier part of my life Mr Llewellyn, but my fight against evil put me at odds with some in the church, so I now work for the SIS as one of their agents fighting the Satanists.” David answered and then went on to say.
“It is true that I have amassed some paranormal knowledge over the last few years, and this must be why I have been sent to your assistance. However, we must proceed with the reason as to why I came here, for it is of an urgent nature and your lives and souls are in the greatest danger. Caustin, our illustrious Home Secretary, has for some reason visited a Satanist named Gorgo, who luckily, we have been watching to ensure that he does not attempt a human sacrifice on All Hallows Eve. In my dream I learnt that Caustin has asked him to send demons to your house, probably tonight, to kill all of you.” He then asked. “Do you have an enemy named the Brotherhood, if so then it seems likely that Caustin is one of their members?”
Everyone stayed silent except Myrddin, they were either stunned by this new revelation or eager to hear more.
“We have been fighting the Brotherhood for four weeks, and beating them, let me explain Father Pritchard, it will put your dream in to a proper context.”
When he had finished his tale of terror, kidnapping and death he then said to Alun.
“Strange, is it not Alun, that while our new friend received a message from beyond, I did not?”
“Maybe it is because the powers of good felt that Father Pritchard has more experience in fighting Satanists.” Alun replied.
“Not only fighting them and their demons, but staying alive.” David said, interrupting Myrddin and Alun. “We must prepare for their visit immediately, for we have much to do.”
“What of our young fighters, could we not send them away, back to their homes?”
His four warriors all began to complain, loudly, but David hushed them and then explained why that would not be a wise action.
“To do so would only mean their families finding their homes under attack from an enemy they could not hope to survive. No, they must stay here to fight them, if we are to win through against great odds.”
David had almost added, and limit the deaths, but he had stopped himself in time.
“We will need to clear everything out of this room, then scrub it clean before we draw a pentagram on it and add the final items. Luckily, I always keep the necessary items to construct one in my car, that is whenever we are on a mission against such foes.”
“We have always defeated the Brotherhood by using our super weapons Myrddin, why not this time?” Joan wanted to know.
Myrddin then explained to David what their super weapons were and he finally understood why they had brought in the amulet; it was to ensure that he was a mortal. He thought over what Myrddin had said and then replied to Joan’s question.
“Joan, inside the pentagram we will have some protection against the demons of Hell, outside of it, if they come in numbers, we could be overcome with some of our people being killed or snatched away to a Hell domain. This is a real danger, as both my partner and I can attest to, the amulet may not work as well on them. You said that it was for use against the Brotherhood, what about demon princes? I want you to think of the pentagram as a castle in which we can wait in safety for the demon’s arrival and if our prayers are not enough then as a last resort, you can come out fighting with your super weapons.”
David then added.
“Each of us will also need a string of garlic around our necks, plus I would advise that we all wear a cross attached to a chain around our necks. I would also suggest the use of a handheld cross to increase your personal protection. As a group we will also require a supply of holy water, we used it successfully in a garden spray against what could have been the most powerful Satanist ever. As well as these things, we will need some bottles of blessed salt, at least one small bottle of mercury and dried mandrake, as it can be worn as protection against various spells and the like used by the ungodly.”
“Father Pritchard, we already each have the string of garlic, the cross on a chain, the handheld cross and a small amount of holy water.” Alun explained.
“Alun, please, call me David, it has been some years since I was an active priest.” David replied.
From that moment on, everyone used first names only, for they were all in this fight together.
“Good, and I also have a number of bottles of holy water, because we will need them for the pentagram.” David added.
“So, Myrddin, although we cannot go after Caustin, he can come after us.” Alun protested.
“He is a powerful man with powerful friends, Alun, we must expect him to use that power against us.” Myrddin replied sadly. “However, the agent following this Gorgo may yet be able to stop him before he sends his demons against us.”
Even though not everyone was at all sure that it was necessary, the room was cleared of everything, the furniture being moved in to the garage and Myrddin’s car being parked on the small drive while Peter moved his vehicle on to the road. Then the floor of the room was scrubbed clean with soap and water and then the final touch, David added some special essential oils, ones long used in fighting evil. When the floor had dried, David began to draw a charged pentagram on the now empty wooden floor.
A charged pentagram is a five-pointed star drawn upon the floor and enclosed by a circle; the circle is then covered by blessed salt. The next part of the procedure was to draw the correct mystical signs at the apexes of the star, the signs at each of the points denoted the five elements, four are of matter, and they are fire, air, water and earth, the fifth element is not of matter it is of spirit. To finish charging the pentagram five white candles were set at the apexes of the star ready to be set alight at the right time, and finally five goblets were set in the valleys of the star, ready to be filled with holy water.
The six young warriors looked on anxiously, anxious that if the pentagram was really necessary, well they had all seen their share of horror films, what would be the end result. Myrddin, seeing their anxious faces sought to ease their fears, for surely their super weapons could take care of any demon foolish enough to visit Fortress Myrddin.
“Listen up my warriors, we beat them before, even though they were armed with shotguns, pistols and attack dogs. I agree with David, the pentagram can be our castle, but if we cannot see them off using prayer as a deterrent, then we will unleash the amulet upon them and then finish them off with our two super weapons and your crossbows.”

**********

With the sun setting, Rob Hinds awaited developments, which began almost immediately. Gorgo came out of his house and drove away in a powerful SUV with the drone following behind him and Rob in his vehicle following the drone.
The SUV finally arrived at Oak Trees Farm as the sun sank beneath the western horizon. Gorgo walked through the farmyard and was greeted at the door to the old wooden barn, by one of his coven. Rob parked further along the track, away from the main farm building, especially the barn to lessen the risk of discovery. He opened the boot of his car and took out a rifle, which had a scope attached, slinging it over his shoulder he walked back along the track for 100 yards, climbed over a farm gate and in to a recently ploughed field. He walked along a track that went along the edge of the field, all the while keeping a watch out for anyone who might stop him and ask him what business he had on private land. Soon he was approaching the farm buildings, here he stopped to ensure that there was no one about and then he sent the drone across to the barn and guided it inside through an open door high up at the rear of the building. Looking at the view taken on the drone’s camera, on his smart phone, he saw the usual farm equipment that was found in a normal barn. From this, Rob reasoned that the celebration, if there was to be one, would have to happen somewhere else on the farm, with the clear sky, at the moment at least, he and the revellers should stay dry. He turned on Google Earth and soon found a large wooded area with a cleared area at its very centre. He brought his drone out of the barn and sent it to the cleared area, approaching it from just above the tree tops. Here, he saw that an altar had been set up, along with a small marquee to one side. For the moment, no one appeared to be there, so he took the opportunity to send the drone, now skimming across the ground, to see just what the marquee contained. A table was at the rear of it, on the table were boxes, jars and a small amount of laboratory apparatus. This he reckoned, must be where Gorgo meant to summon his demons, ones that he would despatch to Chapeltown. Rob was just about to bring the drone back to him when from a small track opposite the marquee, two men appeared and they walked towards the marquee. Rob immediately hid the drone beneath the table, which had a table cloth upon it decorated with Satanic symbols.
So engrossed was he in his smart phone, that he did not see the two men approach him from behind, both men were armed with automatic pistols. Finally, he heard their foot falls and turned to see the two automatics pointing directly at him
“Turn your phone off chummy, and then get up, you are coming with us for a little chat with our grand master.” Number one Satanist goon ordered. “Now, or I will kill you here.”
Rob turned his iPhone off and stood up while cursing himself for being taken so easily. The other Satanist snatched the iPhone off him and grinning said to his friend.
“Look, Colin, it’s the latest model, I couldn’t even afford the older models up until now, but thanks to chummy here I’ve finally got one.”
Colin smiled and said to his friend.
“It’s too much trouble Pete, in any case, they may be able to trace you through it, hand it over to the grand master, he will want to check chummy out in any case.”
“Probably, but when he is through with it then I have a friend who will be able to wipe it clean.”
Although the iPhone had been turned off, its GPS tracker was still activated, and so if the worst happened to Rob, the SIS would at least be able to trace the phone’s movements by it, the two Satanists obviously did not realise this. This fact though, would have provided little comfort to Rob. The two Satanists marched Rob in to the barn where Gorgo looked inquisitively at Rob, who said with a smile.
“Caustin, Gorgo.”
Annoyed by the obvious contempt in Rob’s voice, Caustin said angrily.
“What do we owe the pleasure of your company Hinds, and where is your partner, Father Pritchard, I am told that where you go, he usually follows?”
Caustin turned to Gorgo to explain.
“He is an intelligence officer working for the SIS, he and his partner have had a lot of success against other Satanists, I read that he has even been to Hell and back, but I am not really sure of that fact or if it is even possible.”
While Gorgo looked at Rob with respect now, Rob said to Caustin.
“Yes, I have been there Caustin, I have actually met your dark lord, Lucifer, and escaped from him, I have also met Lord Asbaritch several times, we have had a number of chats. Mind you, as I was responsible for the death of his wife, the Satanist Moira Bourbon, he might not treat me quite so well as he once did.”
All within the barn were now looking at Rob, some in wonder, some with fear, some with hate, but it was Gorgo who now spoke.
“I shall enjoy killing you Hinds, at tonight’s soiree perhaps, with you on offer we are sure to attract a major celebrity from Hell, they might even want to return you to Hell, so that they can enjoy torturing you for eternity.”
His words brought laughter from all within hearing distance, only Caustin disagreed.
“Either kill him now Gorgo, or hypnotise him to reveal the whereabouts of his partner, Father Pritchard, he is said to be a powerful wizard in his own right, having acquired so much knowledge from the books of the powerful but now dead Satanist Ulysses Bourbon, another of Hind’s victims.”
“So, you are the reason behind his disappearance Hinds, well we will have to put you in your place.” Gorgo said and then he turned to Caustin for he wanted proof of just how powerful Caustin really was.
“Why don’t you show us all just how powerful you are by hypnotising him, find out where his pal is and also, who else knows just where he is and what he is doing here.”
Caustin looked at Gorgo, and hiding his contempt said to Rob’s captors.
“Hold him still, it will be so much easier if he doesn’t struggle.”
The two men moved forward and putting their automatics away made to grab Rob, who hit one hard under the chin, making stagger backwards, and kicked the other in his crutch, making him double up in pain. Unfortunately, Gorgo also carried an automatic pistol and he quickly whipped it out and said in a loud threatening voice.
“Stop it now Hinds or I will put you down.”
Seeing the automatic pointing at his head, he stopped still and allowed the first two Satanists to grab his arms.
“Have you checked Hinds for a weapon, Gorgo asked the first Satanist who replied.
“No, we thought that as he carried an automatic rifle then he would not bother with a hand gun.”
“Fool!” Gorgo exclaimed angrily and then turned to another of his coven and ordered.
“Search him now, but do not get between him and me.”
The Satanist quickly found Rob’s automatic pistol; he did not find the slim stiletto strapped to Rob’s forearm.
Caustin now moved forward and looked deep in to Rob’s eyes, Rob immediately closed his eyes and Caustin hit him hard in the stomach, making Rob double up in pain, the two Satanists having to hold him erect until he recovered.
“Keep your eyes open Hinds or I will personally cut away your eyelids, don’t think I wouldn’t for I have done it before during my extended life.”
Rob immediately opened his eyes, for he did not doubt the veracity of what Caustin had said. Caustin against moved forward to hypnotise Rob who found that, to his surprise, he could stop Caustin from succeeding, instead he attempted to feign going under. Caustin, to Rob’s surprise, again, did not realise that he had failed to hypnotise Rob, who reasoned that either the powers on whose side he fought had come to his assistance, or, the number of his trips to a Hell domain had made him impervious to such things as hypnotism.
“Where is Father Pritchard?” Caustin asked.
“He is at his house.” Rob said in a dull tone
“Why is he not here with you?” Caustin asked.
“He is unwell and is unable to get about.”
“Who else knows your whereabouts?”
“No one.”
Caustin looked across at Gorgo and smiled.
“There, we have nothing to worry about, simply tie him up until the star of our celebration arrives and then hand him over.”
Gorgo ordered the two men holding Rob’s arms to take their prisoner to the clearing in the wood and tie Rob to one of the trees, ensuring that he was in plain sight of any demon who made an appearance during the coming night.

**********

In Chapeltown, Myrddin looked on as David lit the candles and filled the goblets with holy water, for with the sun fully set, demons might arrive at any moment. The pentagram was large, for it held ten people, either standing or sitting cross-legged upon the floor. There were also two jugs of drinking water, a tin box of sandwiches, a spray full of holy water, and finally their weapons, both mystic and the human variety. There was also a pile of camping pads for sleeping on, however, Myrddin did not believe that any of them would manage to get any sleep that night.
Peter was the first to become bored with sitting on the floor and he now complained.
“Myrddin, is this really necessary, we only have this guy’s word that we are in danger of an attack by demons and not one of us has even met or talked to him before today.”
It was David who spoke next.
“I don’t like this, Rob should have called in by now, it certainly does not bode well.”
He then turned to answer Peter’s concerns.
“That one fact could mean that the attack is still on, probably for tonight, Peter, and I know that this is all strange to most of you but believe me when I say yes, it is certainly necessary, for both your lives and your very souls.”
Myrddin now spoke before Peter could reply.
“Peter, it is only for the night, and we should soon know if Caustin means to launch another attack on us, for every second that passes brings tomorrow’s sunrise that much closer.”

**********

Rob, standing tied to a tree could only watch as Gorgo and his coven entered the clearing with a nervous Caustin trailing on behind. They all walked towards the marquee, once there, Gorgo began to open various boxes and bottles and he was now ready to mix his potions that would assist him when he began to call on the lesser demons that were bonded to him by the greater demons.
Rob was struggling to reach the handle of his knife, unfortunately, part of the trunk of the tree was preventing him from doing so. He had only managed to cut his hand on the tree so far, but he continued his struggles, for otherwise David Pritchard would be alone in this uneven war against evil.
At this same moment, Gorgo was mixing together a potion in a small glass bowl, he then lit it and a sickly green plume of smoke began to rise from the bowl as he called to a particularly evil and murderous demon.
“Skargel, victor of so many battles against the warriors of the light, hero of Balikburgh, I command you to appear before me.”
The area within the marquee cooled rapidly and then Skargel appeared before him in a green plume of evil smelling smoke. The demon was in the form of a huge man, but it had bulging eyes and a strange hissing sound came from the demon’s mouth. Its tongue was enormous and forked like the tongue of a serpent, and it flicked in and out of its wide mouth. Skargel looked at the Satanists with contempt. Finally, he looked towards Gorgo and asked angrily.
“What is it that you require of me Satanist, but before you tell me your requirements, remember, I demand payment in full for my work, non-payment will result in retribution.”
Gorgo dismissed the demon’s threat and instead he reassured Skargel.
“You will receive your usual payment Demon, plus extra, so your words hold no fear for me. Now listen to my instructions, ones that you will obey or answer for your disobedience to Lucifer.”
Skargel looked at Gorgo, seemingly bored as Gorgo continued.
“There are ten mortals who my friend Caustin needs you to slay for him, and please bear in mind that he is a member of the Brotherhood.” Gorgo said pointing at Caustin.
His voice seemed calm, something that he did not altogether feel, for it would never do to take a demon such as Skargel for granted. He was after all a servant of the dark lord Lucifer and so was capable of so much evil and mayhem, if the Satanist was not experienced or skilled in his trade.
“The Brotherhood, are like you Satanist.” Skargel said contemptuously. “They are tainted, both by the blood of the human and by having the soul of one within their bodies. But if the contract pays well, I will take it. Now who are the targets and where may they be found?”

**********

In Fortress Myrddin, they did not have to wait long for their demon visitor to appear. The room cooled rapidly and then a demon skilled in the art of murder, Skargel, formed within a cloud of green evil smelling smoke in the far corner of the room. Again, it was in the form of a huge man, its bulging eyes glaring malevolently at them, the demon emitting a hissing sound as its enormous forked tongue flicked in and out of its wide mouth. It was obvious that it did not see any danger to it in this house, for the demon looked so at ease. Then a crossbow bolt shot towards it from the pentagram, but the demon caught and broke it, the speed of its action stunning those inside the pentagram. David’s mind though reacted lightning fast, he called on the others to recite the Lord’s Prayer and then he and the others began to recite it.
“Our Father, which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name. Thy Kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, The power, and the glory, For ever and ever. Amen.”
In the middle of the pentagram, Alice had the amulet hanging from her neck and she had felt it grow ice cold when the demon had entered. She had seen it flinch, but it had not stopped its lightning-fast reaction, she knew that what David had said had been correct, different creatures of Hell responded in different ways to the power of the amulet. Either that or the pentagram was somehow affecting its power.
The prayers had also obviously caused the demon some discomfort, but it was not finished yet, for it stared at Sarah, who had fired the bolt, and who now heard the soft voice of her mother speaking to her.
“Kick over the goblet at your feet Sarah, it is evil, it will poison you and your friends. Do it now!”
A very confused Sarah looked at the goblet, and as so many of them had heard Susan, Peter’s dead wife, speak to them, she thought nothing of it, however, she also heard David’s voice going round and round inside her head, it was him reciting the Lord’s Prayer. Then another voice threatened to swamp both voices.
“Sarah,” Alice cried out anxiously. “Are you okay, why don’t you answer me.” Her hands were shaking her sister.
On hearing Alice, David immediately pulled Sarah away from the outer edge of the circle encompassing the pentagram, who now collapsed in his arms as she cried out loudly. “Mother, where are you?”
Myrddin reacted fast, he picked up the sprayer and sent a short squirt of holy water at the demon. It screamed out in pain and vanished leaving the terrible stench of Hell behind.
“David, I apologise, for until now I have only ever fought vampires, poltergeist or various minor demons, never one of this magnitude, or one sent by a powerful Satanist.” Myrddin said as he put the sprayer back down on to the floor.
“Think nothing of it Myrddin, from what I have heard since my arrival, you and your team have accomplished much and I will spread the word about the Brotherhood when I report back to Sir Richard Willoughby Brown.”
The thought of no longer being a lone group fighting the Brotherhood did much to improve their moral, but David soon brought them back to Earth.
“The night is not over quite yet, Skargel will undoubtably try again. We must remain inside the pentagram and stay alert, anyone of us could be the next to experience a demonic attack.” David warned and then said. “I just wish I knew how Rob Hinds is.”

**********

Skargel returned to Gorgo and told him what had happened and how he would rectify the situation.
“I admit that I went in underestimating them, and I was kicked out of their house, now I want to return there with the demon Malikate to fool them in to making a grave mistake.”
Gorgo smiled as he looked across at Rob and assembled another group of chemicals and herbs and mixed together a second potion in a small glass bowl, he then lit it and this time a red plume of smoke began to rise from the bowl.
“Malikate, hear me, appear now or suffer the consequences.” Gorgo ordered impatiently.
The marquee cooled noticeably and a red plume of smoke began to rise from the floor, soon it took on density, and Gorgo could see that Malikate had obeyed his summons.
“Who is it that wakes me from my sleep?” The small green demon asked grumpily.
“It is I, Gorgo, obey me Malikate or I will punish you in so many ways.” The Satanist demanded.

**********

In the room opposite to the one within which Myrddin and his group were waiting safely inside of their large protective pentagram, a green plume of smoke, followed closely by a red plume of smoke appeared the smoke mixing and forming a brown coloured smoke that slowly disappeared. Two demons appeared out of the smoke and walked towards the front room of the house and their prey. Malikate changed his form, now he looked like a dishevelled Rob Hinds, bloody and beaten. Malikate stumbled heavily against the door, opened it and fell to the floor across the threshold. He looked up at David, smiled weakly and then appeared to faint.
“Rob!” David called out as he made to leave the pentagram.
“No!” Screamed Alice. “David, the amulet has gone ice cold, that is not your friend, it is a demon.”
David, however, was only intent on the fallen body of his friend. He was soon at what he assumed was the fallen body of his friend, kneeling down to tend to him. Skargel was already on the move, he reached the threshold to the room just as Myrddin and Alun, with their mystical weapons in their hands, leapt out of the pentagram and rushed towards the open doorway. To say that Skargel was confused by the two men rushing towards him with glowing weapons in their hands would have been to underestimate the demon’s state of mind. However, he had been around a long time and seen many foolish acts committed by the mortals, so he left Malikate to deal with the priest while he attacked the rash mortals.
However, David stopped at the fallen figure of Malikate, who was just about to change his form back in to that of a demon. Surprised, David pushed his wooden cross against the face of the demon who screamed in pain and moved back enough to give David enough time to pull out a small bottle of blessed salt, he took the lid off and threw the salt at Malikate. The demon screamed but seemed to shake off the pain and it roared angrily at its enemy, David. It now made to move on to the attack, but Alice had left the pentagram and the full force of the amulet hit the demon. It did not even have the time to scream, it just exploded in to a cloud of red smoke, the smell of which made David wretch and disappeared.
Skargel did not notice this changed state of affairs, he was about to enjoy himself, for a human sword would be unable to penetrate his tough hide. One moment later and Myrddin plunged his own sword through the upper torso of Skargel, puncturing one of his lungs. Skargel stopped moving, impaled as he was by Excalibur, Myrddin’s sword, and screamed out in pain. The demon immediately returned to his own dimension, leaving just the stench of Hell behind him. The demon limped towards a healer, for he knew that he had been badly hurt, but he could not understand how that had been possible. Other demons seeing their like badly hurt in the service of a Satanist, decided to show their fury and each roared in protest together, leaving an eerie silence after it ended.

**********

The first that Gorgo knew of this disaster was when a strong wind blew out of the demon dimension and roared through the marquee, blowing anything light enough to the other side of the clearing and littering the ground around Rob. Anything else was blown to the floor and either smashed or dented. Gorgo had read of such things happening in the distant past, but never of late, mainly because there were so few believers who fought victoriously for the light and so brought demon anger down upon the Satanist. He now realised that he needed a greater demon if he was to defeat Caustin’s enemies. A quick examination of his stock showed him that he had everything he needed to call upon one who might agree to assist him, if he was treated corrected.
Lord Asbaritch was a greater demon, olive green in colour with a well-muscled torso. The demon’s eyes were large brilliant yellow glowing orbs, but he was quite humanoid otherwise. He was Lord of the Dreamscape and an enemy of Rob Hinds.
Gorgo now set a heavy bronze goblet full of Rakiremanin upon a small marble work surface, he had prepared it earlier, just in case. He now set the drink alight and a green smoke slowly curled up into the air before finally reaching the top of the marquee and spreading quickly inside of the marquee. In the goblet was a green frothing liquid that would certainly not be touched, let alone drunk by any normal person. Gorgo now called upon the great demon lord.
“Lord Asbaritch, I call upon you, show yourself, I, Gorgo, Satanic Master, demands this of you.” Gorgo called out while fearfully looking around for a sign that his order was about to be obeyed by one of the more powerful demons from the realms of hell.
The room did not cool, it froze, and a deep voice spoke out from the rear of the marquee, although the demon had not yet bothered to materialise.
“What is that you require of me human, speak quickly for I grow bored of you already.” The silence that followed this deep voice was almost as scary as the voice itself, and Gorgo had to force the words from his throat before the demon departed, as it had threatened to do.
“First of all, great Lord Asbaritch, I humbly beg of you to drink this special preparation that I have made for you, it is Rakiremanin.” Gorgo almost pleaded.
The temperature in the room dropped even more, and Gorgo knew that the demon had finally materialised. Gorgo now saw the dark lord. The demon walked towards Gorgo, who shrank before it, Lord Asbaritch picked up the bronze goblet and greedily gulped down the contents. The demon lord then turned to Gorgo.
“Why have you dared to call me here, Satanist?” He demanded, spitting out the final word in disgust.
“My Lord, there are ten mortals who my friend Caustin requests you to slay for him, I ask you to please bear in mind that he is a member of the Brotherhood.” Gorgo explained while pointing towards Caustin, and then he added. “I originally requested that the lesser demons Skargel and Malikate accomplish this task, but it seems that it was beyond them,”
Asbaritch looked sneeringly at Caustin and then back to Gorgo, and it was now that the demon lord noticed Rob Hinds, still tied to a tree at the edge of the clearing. Asbaritch swore loudly, then he turned back to Gorgo.
“Why have you not killed Rob Hinds, do you not understand that those who fail to do so die at his hands, as my beloved Moira did, more than once.”
For Moira Bourbon had once been imprisoned by the SIS, killed by Rob when she escaped and returned to her life as a Satanist, only to be brought back to life by Asbaritch, whom she had lived with as his bride. Turning once more to Satanism she was recaptured by Rob, rehabilitated and finally killed by Rob in a demon dimension when she had once again turned Satanist and then renewed her life with Asbaritch. This final death was her last, for Lucifer had demanded her soul for attempting to kill him.
“My Lord, we are keeping Hinds to present to Lucifer as a gift, given to him after we have offered up to him the usual human sacrifice.” Gorgo explained.
Asbaritch concentrated upon Rob, he pondered different ends to the life of the mortal who had caused the rulers of Hell so much trouble and had slain so many of their followers. Rob had noted his arrival and could almost read the demon’s mind, he knew that his end was near, an extremely painful one at that. Asbaritch finally came to a decision.
“No, Lucifer might even allow him to live, partly because Rob Hinds helped to save the dark lord’s life and also for his part in both of the deaths of my beloved.” Asbaritch thought for a moment and then continued.
“No, Satanist, I will do your bidding, but my price will first off be for more Rakiremanin, and secondly, Rob Hinds, alive, for I have plans for him, in Tartarus, one’s that will see him begging to be allowed to die, and long before I have tired of torturing his mortal body. In the end he will give his soul to me and be glad to, him, a favourite of those who follow God.”
And so, it was agreed, Rakiremanin and the body and soul of Rob Hinds in exchange for the death of everyone living in Fortress Myrddin.

**********

In Fortress Myrddin, nerves were stretched tight as seconds dragged by in to minutes but then the thing that all of them feared, the temperature within the room dropped dramatically, frost appeared on the floor and then in the corner, the shadow there darkened. Lord Asbaritch stepped out from it, he was only six feet away from Myrddin, much too far, without an edge, to launch an attack against a greater demon. Asbaritch waved his hands in a circular motion, causing the air above the blessed salt that enclosed the pentagram to shimmer and then the air seemed to waver wildly. Those within the pentagram edged closer together in fear of the greater demon, only David’s voice, mixed after a second by that of Alun could be heard, they were once again reciting the Lord’s Prayer. The voices of the others soon joined in, some wavering in fear of what might be about to happen, their death.
Alun thought about throwing his spear, but just in time he remembered how Skargel had snatched the crossbow bolt out of the air, surely this demon could do that and more. This is why the crossbows had remained unfired. Alice could hear her heart beating, it seemed loud enough to fill the entire room, she was afraid for her life, her soul and that of her sister and friends. Peter grabbed her hand to comfort her and give himself something else to worry about, other than his own life. John and Sarah were also holding hands, if they were to die it would be together, for they had grown very fond of each other. Myrddin, holding Excalibur, felt its power increase since the arrival of the demon lord. He cast a quick look at Alun, who returned his glance.
“Alice, it is already out of the sandwich box, so throw it, now!” Myrddin said loudly enough to get through her fear.
It took a second for Alice to understand what Myrddin wanted of her, but understand she did, snatching the amulet from her neck, the silver chain breaking as it cut in to her neck, she through the amulet directly at the dark lord.
Asbaritch did not even have a second to think, he snatched at the amulet and screamed out in pain as Myrddin and Alun launched themselves from the pentagram. Myrddin swung his weapon high as Alun went for the dark lord’s torso. Asbaritch attempted to grab the spear but he missed and the spear cut deep in to the demon’s flesh, making Asbaritch stumble back a few inches. As he did, Asbaritch felt the sword cut deeply in to his neck, only the backward motion prevented the demon from losing his head. But it was enough to make Asbaritch quit the battlefield in panic and pain as his green blood pulsed out of his body. He returned to the Netherworld, here he put an olive-green poultice on both of his terrible wounds, followed by a temporary field dressing. His wounds would have killed a mortal, but he found enough strength to return to Gorgo, who smiled for the last time in his evil life. Angered at being sent to battle, but not be told that David Pritchard would be waiting for him, he killed almost everyone in sight, Gorgo, of course, Caustin, and most of the coven and all the Brotherhood gathered there. Those not dead were only just hanging on for life. Asbaritch then turned to Rob and without saying hardly a word, except, “We go to Tartarus, Rob Hinds and your death.” he took himself, Rob and the tree to which Rob was tied, to the Hell dimension of Tartarus.

**********

At sunrise the next morning, David and Myrddin, using Rob’s smartphone, which lay untouched on the blood-strewn earth, found it and the many dead and dying. One of them, a member of the coven, managed to gasp out that Asbaritch had killed everyone and had then taken their prisoner to Tartarus. In fact, one other person had survived the carnage, a young girl, who finally escaped her bonds, staggered out from an untouched tent on the edge of the clearing. On seeing the bloody scene, she screamed loudly and fainted. David called his people, the SIS, who arranged with the local police to despatch ambulances for her and the other bodies, alive or dead.
Myrddin asked David what he intended to do now.
“I intend to travel to the Hell dimension of Tartarus and rescue my friend, that is what I intend to do.”
Myrddin looked at David and his admiration for him rose tenfold, he also came to a decision.
“Then I will go with you, and I know that Alun will also demand to join us, he would never allow us to fight evil without him by our side.”
“You do know what Tartarus is Myrddin, it is the more terrible of all the Hell domains, it is where no one in their right mind would want to enter?”
“I am an archaeologist, David, so of course I know my Greek history, and its myths, so yes, I can imagine that we will all be in danger of losing more than our lives when we enter it. However, without you, we would all have been picked off by the first demon, one at a time, and without even knowing that it was attacking us, until too late.
It was now that Christina Hinds attempted to call her husband, Rob on his smart phone, but it was David who answered.
“Christina, you are worried about Rob.”
“David, where is he, why do you have his phone?”
“Unfortunately, Christina, Rob has been taken by Lord Asbaritch,” David heard Christina cry out in fear. “Don’t worry, I am going after him, you will soon have him back and in one piece.”
“But you cannot go to the Dreamscape all by yourself, you would also be taken by Asbaritch.”
“First off Christina, I am not going there alone, I have some demon fighting friends who will accompany me. Secondly, unfortunately, Lord Asbaritch has taken Rob to Tartarus, not the Dreamscape.”
Christina wanted to tell David not to go, for the chances of his returning unharmed were almost zero, but she couldn’t, she wanted her husband back. All she could think was what to tell her two children, if the worst happened, not the truth obviously. She would also have to tell her sister, if David was unsuccessful, she knew that Cassie would be awfully upset, for Rob and David had saved both their lives, three times at least.
Myrddin returned to Chapeltown to speak to Alun while David went to London, they would meet up later.

Chapter Seven

Tartarus

That same day saw David in the offices of the SIS, he was talking to the man in overall command of the intelligence agency, having brought him fully up to date he told him what he wanted of him.
“Sir Richard, I need the use of the water cannon* that we used against Moira Bourbon, I intend to travel via the Kali portal to Tartarus and bring Rob Hinds back to his family and friends.”
“Are you entirely mad David, surely your last trip was enough for you and in any case, Rob could be anywhere within Hell?”
“Yes, I know Sir Richard, but I believe that the portal will take us directly to him, if we ask the powers to take us there.” David replied.

*(See the Rob Hinds black magic story, The Return of the Bitch from Hell where Rob ans David first used it.)
“David, you will be taking a giant chance on the powers co-operating with you and anyway, you can hardly travel there alone and I am not sure if you could find anyone willing to accompany you to Hell and back, and Tartarus must be filled to bursting with demons, ones who will kill a mortal on sight, especially you.”
“Sir Richard, I have two people, maybe more by now, who have offered their services for this, admittedly dangerous, journey in to the unknown. Both of them are experienced in killing the creatures of Hell, with them I have a chance at least.”
“Are they both mad?”
“No, Sir Richard, they are all perfectly sane. They see it as their duty as I aided them against the Satanist, I saved their lives in fact.”

**********

Rob, still tied to the tree, was left on the surface of Hell by the demon lord, who returned to the Dreamscape, normally referred to as the Netherworld, to recover from his wounds. Time past slowly for Rob, days he believed, although it was impossible to say as there was eternal twilight where he was.

**********

It was not until the next morning that David had acquired the water Cannon, the statue of Kali and the necessary ingredients for a potion. He and Myrddin, together with Alun and Myrddin’s four young warriors, were standing in the centre of the military training area on Salisbury plain. It was here, away from the eyes of the public and anyone else that David first set out a charged pentagram, it was on a concrete base that had one been part of a house, the walls and roof of which were now long gone. With pentagram completed, the statue of Kali was placed in its centre.
David now blessed the 9000 litres of water held by the water cannon, to hopefully guard it against a direct attack by the demons.
“Blessed are you, Lord, Almighty God, and blessed is your only son Jesus Christ. As you blessed this salt may you use its holy powers to cleanse and bless this water and also its container. This we beseech of you oh Almighty God, so that we may use it in the eternal fight against evil.” David said sprinkling the salt into the water.
He then made the sign of the cross above the water. Just then the area around the Water Cannon was filled with a bright white light that almost blinded them, then it slowly faded back to normal. Seeing the consternation on everyone’s faces, David said in as bright a tone as he could manage.
“Please do not worry, it has happened twice before and each time we have come out alive.” He then got down to business.
“Okay everyone, time to begin the final preparations and then Myrddin can light the potion and he and I will recite the spell.”
David then began to paint the sign of the cross upon the foreheads of those about to cross over to Tartarus, using holy water as the paint and an old paint brush. While he did so, he said the same words to each of them. “May almighty God bless you and keep you safe.” To which they each replied. “Amen.”
He then gave them a reminder.
“Please ensure that you have the string of garlic on your heads, the glass Phial of mercury and the bottle of blessed salt in your pockets, the silver cross and the larger wooden cross hung from your necks.”
Two crosses just in case they lost the wooden one if they needed to use it as a weapon against the demons. They were now ready and he began to mix the potion that would help them to get through to Tartarus, David began to put the various minerals into the bowl that Kali held in her upraised hand, some of the minerals were well-known to those who practised witchcraft, and some unknown to most everyone except a few powerful Satanists. To these he added the juice of the Hawthorn berry, petals from the Calendula flower, crushed garlic and many other items that have long been used to ward off evil or to strengthen the conjurer. He then called Myrddin across and after lighting the potion and waiting from the plume of white smoke to slowly climb up towards the sky they recited the spell. One which David hoped would work a second time.
“We, champions of the right-hand path, call upon the angels upon high to open a portal to the Hell dimension, Tartarus. We ask you to open the other end of the portal within the part of Tartarus where your champion Rob Hinds is being held. Make the portals and tunnel large enough for our vehicle to drive through with room to spare. We ask that the portal is kept open until one of us calls for it to be closed shut.”
A small very bright light appeared in two of Kali`s other hands which were held together to form a cup, a light that grew in size, slowly hiding the statue, until the light was the size of a large tunnel. David and his band of warriors boarded Water Cannon, the warriors all wondering just why they had volunteered and why. They then drove the vehicles through the portal, and of the statue, once again there was no sign that it had ever existed.

**********

Within Tartarus, a much-recovered Asbaritch had returned and after releasing Rob from the tree, but under guard of two large demonic creatures, green of skin, eight feet tall and horned. Asbaritch led Rob down through the red-hot tunnels of Tartarus until they came to a small side chamber. The two demons waited outside but Asbaritch led Rob inside where a shrivelled black shade seemed to brighten up on sighting the demon lord. It moved towards the demon, who touched the black shade, tenderly, love actually shone down from the face of Asbaritch, Rob was astonished by the sight.
“Moira, I have brought you someone you know from your past. Do you remember him my darling?” Asbaritch said pointing at Rob.
The black shade turned to look at Rob and on fully seeing him it shrieked madly, for she certainly did recognise him and she flew at him in uncontrolled rage. Fortunately, for Rob, what remained of Moira was easily held at bay, otherwise his face would have been shredded.
“My god, is thing poor thing Moira Bourbon?”
“Yes, Rob, this is one of your victims, Lucifer gave her to me after he had finished torturing her, on the condition that she never leave this domain.
“Now you, Rob Hinds, will endure what she endured at the hands of Lucifer, and I will make you scream for death. Oh! By the way, this is not the Dreamscape, you cannot conjure things up here, not in Tartarus.”

**********

Once passed the portal, the water cannon was whisked briskly along a brightly lit tunnel, lit by what could have stars, what could have been almost anything, one minute later and they found themselves in a hot Tartarus tunnel. The amulet was now ice cold, and they heard a groan of pain come from a small chamber off the main tunnel as the amulet attacked evil. David, who was driving the large vehicle, moved it forward towards the chamber and although it was too large to enter, the water cannon, angled down, would soon fill it with holy water. Myrddin and Alun, carrying their mystical weapons, that glowed so brightly now, were flanked by two of the young warriors, Bridget and John, now armed with large garden sprays filled with holy water. Neil and Joan were guarding the approached to their vehicle, against any demon coming along the tunnel from either end. Myrddin and Alun entered the chamber to see a human male who had his hands bound in front of him, holding off a black soul. To one side of the human was a large demon, who turned as they approached him. Asbaritch groaned in disbelief when he saw the glowing weapons for the second time. Knowing that these weapons could kill him, he teleported in to the tunnel and made to attack the humans from behind. However, Neil saw him in time to empty his garden sprayer at the dark lord, which held him off just for a moment, but this moment allowed David the time to aim the cannon at the dark lord and he now fired a massive jet of holy water at Asbaritch who screamed in pain and retreated along the tunnel.
Myrddin approached the dark soul and pushed his sword in to it, the soul immediately exploded and disappeared.
Rob looked at Myrddin in disbelief.
“That was all that was left of Moira Bourbon, the one thing in all the many dimensions that Asbaritch loved. To kill it will have earned us all the hate of one great demon, we will now have to be on our guard, should he decide to attempt to exact revenge against us.”
“He will have to get to the back of the queue, Rob, it is Rob isn’t it.”
“Yes, Rob Hinds, glad to meet you...”
“I am Myrddin Llewellyn and this is Alun Mason, and we should leave here while we are able, come along Rob, David Pritchard is outside in the driver’s seat of the water cannon.”
They ran from the chamber and climbed in to the water cannon while Bridget and John went to help Neil and Joan.
“Are you okay Rob,” David asked anxiously while keeping one eye on the tunnel. “Did we come in time before Asbaritch began to torture you?”
“Yes, David, in fact he was just about to start when you arrived.”
David leaned out the window and called out to the four young warriors, who were now becoming very afraid, for they were all in Hell and Lucifer’s evil minions must be coming along the tunnel at a fast rate of knots.
“I cannot turn the vehicle around so we are going to reverse in to the portal, climb in now.”
Seconds later and the large water cannon reversed in to the open portal and sped back along it course towards their own human dimension. It popped out of the dimensional portal and David brought it to a stop. A squad of commandoes were there to guard their end of the portal and David now called out loudly to their unknown helpers. He asked them to close the portal before the forces of evil attempted to follow them through it. After it had closed all that was left of the pentagram was the statue of Kali, looking to be undamaged and shining like a new pin.

**********

Myrddin turned to the two SIS agents and said to them.
“David, Rob, you cannot tell anyone about our mystical weapons, or the amulet. The Brotherhood has too many powerful men, including Sir James Hardwick. If they learned of them, of how we constantly slay their evil souls, they would use the knowledge to capture and kill us.”
“You can count on Rob and me Myrddin, no one, not even Sir Richard Willoughby Brown, will learn of your secret.”

**********

The UK Brotherhood now needed help desperately, so they decided to call upon the leader of the Brotherhood in the United States of America. Unfortunately, he and his members had also grown rich, fat and powerful and they had also learned of the defeats inflicted upon their kind in the south of England, and so, their answer to the request from Great Britain was no thank you.
The UK Brotherhood decided that they would have to turn to the East, they were not decadent, they would be a match for Myrddin, if they were told the full story, or so Hardwick hoped, and if the Eastern Brotherhood agreed to try their luck.

**********

In Chapeltown, Myrddin was thinking that they now had a chance to return to their old lives and while they all enjoyed a peaceful dinner that evening, he conveyed his thoughts to his friends.
“The Brotherhood have suffered a number of bad setbacks, and although your presence here might have come to the attention of Hardwick, it might be safe for at least you four brave warriors to return to your homes or university, to your normal lives. They are almost certainly in the dark as to how we were victorious, this one fact will make them think twice before acting against us. However, nothing is certain and should you wish to remain here, in Chapeltown, then you are welcome to do so, it would certainly be safer for both you and also for the rest of us.” Myrddin now turned to Alice and Sarah.
“Alice, Sarah, the two of you might also consider returning to your normal lives, of course, all of us must remain alert for any signs of the enemy, whether they be of Hell or are mortal. But now would be the opportune moment for all of us to consider reclaiming our old lives.” Myrddin then added.
“Peter, if you decide to leave, it might be better if you were to be the house guest of Alice, for the moment anyway, just in case the hell-fiends attempt anything, especially with the amulet to warn and guard the two of you.”
“Sure, if Alice will have me and if she decides to leave your fortress?”
Alice smiled and said to Peter.
“I would feel safer with you there, Peter, just in case, and especially if Sarah decides to return to university.”
With Sarah looking a little left out of things Myrddin said to John.
“John, you would have to forego your social life, see it as a penance, your job would be to ensure Sarah’s safety. In any case, you would both be safer together rather than apart.”
Myrddin now turned to Bridget.
“I am hoping that the Brotherhood will not know of your help in their defeat, therefore, if you stay on your guard Bridget, you might well be safe in Edinburgh, as long as you do remain on your guard.” Myrddin then turned to Joan and Neil.
“Joan, Neil, the same goes for you two and as I just said to Bridget, the Brotherhood might not know of your involvement in their defeat.”
Alun interrupted his friend.
“It should also be safe for me too, Myrddin, to return to my home, leave you to enjoy the sound of silence.”
“I agree my friend, but you too must be security conscious, if in doubt call me and I will come to your assistance, maybe you should take the mystical spear with you, just in case.”
Two days later and Myrddin listened to the silence within his house and thought what bliss. However, he was well aware that this bliss could come to a quick end, he too would have to be on his guard, for he did not believe that the Brotherhood would soon forget their defeat and his own forces were now spread across Britain, all many miles away, busy reclaiming their own lives. He knew that they were all in danger but the lockdown had been bad enough, for them to have remained in Chapeltown would have been too much for even his warriors to bare.

**********

At his office in New Scotland Yard, Sir James Hardwick was talking to his new second in command of the Brotherhood, William Wilberforce-Smythe.
“I have finally come up with a plan, we will have to kidnap one or more of Myrddin’s band of warriors known to have taken part in the war against us.”
That of course was Professor Myrddin Llewellyn, Peter Davidson, Father Alun Mason, Alice and Sarah Waterstone.
“The easiest victim will, of course be one of the two young women, the most knowledgeable would be Myrddin. We will allow two months to drift by, so as to allow Myrddin and his team to get careless and then we will strike, when even Myrddin himself, will have been lulled in to a false sense of security. Using our hypnotic powers, we should easily be able to discover the reason behind our recent defeats by Myrddin, of that I am certain, only then can we finally defeat Myrddin and his band of warriors.”
“Personally, Hardwick, I think that it would be far safer to let sleeping dogs lie.” Wilberforce-Smythe replied.

The End


Why not visit my author page by clicking on the link. Smashwords Books.

************

A Note from the Author

All of my books are free so please do excuse any typos, misspellings, or grammatical errors as I cannot afford to use a professional editor, although I do personally edit my books, numerous times, to try to find any such errors. I do hope that you enjoyed this story nearly as much as I enjoyed writing it and that you will also read another one.

************

Other Books by the Author

Colonies of Earth science fiction series in order

Galaxy Spies
Time Storm
Rebirth
Trial by Ordeal

David Charlton stories, a science fiction stories
Rescue Mission to the Stars
The Treasure of Altaraus
Return to Mazere

Other science fiction stories
Quasar
The Venetou
Invasion Earth
Lost and Far from Home
Journey to the Stars
Rebellion is in the Air
Insurrection
Alien Attack
Return to Paradise

Alun Reece science fiction stories
Pen Draig
Oceanus

Short children`s stories
Three Journeys of the Scary Kind 

Horror stories
Strange tales; five short mild horror stories

The Professor Myrddin Llewellyn stories
The Vampires of Cymru
Creatures of Hell

Rob Hinds black magic stories
Kidnapped and Bound for Hell
The Satanists
Dreamscape
The Return of the Bitch from Hell
