Crimson Prophecies

Crypt I

Blood Myth

Kiltron
Copyright © 2020 by Dan Harrington

All rights reserved.

No part of this publication may be produced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law.

ISBN
(Paperback) 9798672443485
(eBook) 9781005674854

I dedicate this to the children of the bloody night!
May you always find your way through the gloom!

Acknowledgements

Many thanks to Jay Crudge, my #1 reviewer who has been with me since the beginning of this journey. He reads everything I write. Before anyone else does. His input has been invaluable. “Hey der boi!”
Like to thank Klive Karver who helped me come up with the series title to begin with, (Crimson Prophecies) and for always being there when we were young and in trouble. Good times we had back in the day. Thanks for the review. Keep up the great work producing your music. Less Then Kind Productions. Rock on brother! Carve a slice out of the music world.
Thank you S3rum for the review. I look forward to working with you in the future. Perhaps on a novel at some point in time.
I wish to thank all those who have supported me on social media. All those likes, comments, and shares really help. You all know who you are. Gratitude!
A special thanks to James Sherman, Librarian II from the Literature and Fiction Department, of the Los Angeles Central Public Library for replying to my emails with information required, and pictures. The history lesson was wonderful. So, many more details to find out. I shall be in close touch.
Cover done through Book Brush Creator!
I truly hope the audience grows for this series. There is so much story to tell with these characters and how their relationships will grow and hopefully prosper. Sadows is a unique character full of life and so different from everyone else, and yet can relate to the wants and needs that her emotions bring. Enjoy!

“After reading Kiltron’s story. I realized that his mind is not lost. He just goes to darker places where we can’t see or want to go. In Kiltron’s world of maggots and flies, everything has a purpose. Everything dies!”
-Klive Karver

“This is a story about a young woman’s insatiable desire that puts her and her companion on a journey of self-discovery and love. But there are outer forces at play who for better and worse, will affect their lives. Crimson Prophecies: Blood Myth is an exciting read and I’m ecstatic to see what comes next of their journey.” 
-Jay Crudge

“An exciting adventure of characters are introduced. You are immersed into a world that is not just filled with vampires, but other monsters that go bump in the night. Here, even monsters are real people with real emotions. This is a tale of love and dark erotica with mysteries in need of solving.”
-S3rum

The Myth

There is a myth! A myth written in blood! Written in a book that has long ago turned to dust, lost in the sands of time, scattered by the winds of fate. It is not remembered as to what may have happened, but the ancients recite the known history. In a time long lost to us, possibly before humans even walked the earth. (This part is conjecture, it is not known if humanity witnessed this or not, but most likely their race was around).
As this legend is told, the tale tells of the First, The Blood Goddess. Her name is not known nor is it known if she still lives. Unfortunately, not much at all is known and we only have an oral story that has kept changing over the years. There is a rumour that the goddess shall return one day, and the vampire nation shall rejoice and feast in her honour. Where the children of blood no longer must live hidden in darkness. Where humanity become cattle once again. Glory to her highness when she arrives.
Alias, it is just a story mostly forgotten by the Primes, the ancient sect. No one really knows who or what they are. Some say vampires, maybe Lycanthropes, or even some other creatures altogether. Does anyone even care about the old stories anymore? Defiantly not! At least the ruling families do not! They like how the world is and damn the ancient Crimson Prophecies. The ruling casts are famously rich and powerful and have no time for ancient traditions and childish legends. Most are not even aware of such things.
There are however a select few who know of this ancient knowledge and will stop at nothing to fulfill these Prophecies. The time has come for a reign in blood. The prophecies must be completed. Ancient tidings awaken. Monsters walk the lands once again. The rise and fall of all life in the world are at stake. It all begins with… Her!

Sadows

She ran as fast as she could down the alleyway. Chased by monsters she despised. Soon they would trail her here. She had to get into the club and find the boy she had met a few days ago. For some reason she felt he could help her. It was a sense, instinct.
This night was damp and chilled. Puddles were everywhere and her feet splashed in them. Her feet surprisingly stayed dry with the leather boots she wore. They were knee high, thick soled, with silver buckles that covered the entire length. Her black skirt kept rising, up exposing her blue lace panties. She hated when that happened and showed her butt cheeks. She had on a Blackbriar T-shirt under her leather jacket. She looked like a cybergoth biker chick. Her extremely long raven hair draped about her and shimmered crimson hues. Her eyes darted about; their liquid orbs glittered the colour of blood.
She heard a sound and turned toward it. She stopped in her tracks, still as can be. The alley was well lit, and the puddles reflected brightly. The clicking of claws scrapped the pavement. From around the corner a large hound-like creature appeared. Its wet grey muscled hide was bare of any kind of fur. It was sleek and agile. Its talon-like claws were sharp and could rend a person to pieces in seconds. It had an enormous jaw with large fang-like teeth. It had no eyes, but do not be fooled by such a thing. Its hearing was sharp, and its sense of smell traveled for miles. It had a sonar sense and could pinpoint you easily enough.
Oh, shit! A damned, vesta hound!
She had to time this right. These creatures were very swift and agile. Their strength was paramount. They were used to hunt down werewolves, but mostly they were protectors for the high houses of vampires. If this hound was here now, that meant a hunter-stalker was close behind. She had to make this quick and disappear. She crotched low, raised her skirt to her hips at the same time, and reached slowly into her right boot for the ten-inch blade she had hidden there. She did not care if her bare g-stringed ass hung out, better than having any restrictions, for a skirt was not ideal clothing to fight in. She eyed the beast and waited as patient as she could. The hound came down the alley slowly. It knew she was there, and it was ready to attack. A low throated growl, its mouth opened to display its many rows of jagged teeth. Slimy saliva dripped onto the paved alley. It suddenly charged with a roar. She pulled out her blade and moved in a blur of motion. The hound leaped for her, jaws, and claws ready to render their prey.
Her knife blade slashed through the vesta hound’s throat while her other hand tore into its skull where it eyes should have been. When it was over the hound’s body dropped lifeless, headless to the ground. She stood with the creature’s head in her hands. She shrugged her shoulders and tossed the head idly behind her. The knife was sheathed back in her boot. She washed her hands in a dirty puddle to rid the blood from them, shimmied her skirt down. She walked calmly to the door of her destination. She knocked once, paused, twice, paused, then three times. The door opened and a tall muscled ebony skinned man answered. He was handsome! His neatly trimmed and shaved facial hair followed his jawline and chin, up over his lip in a thin line.
“Where’s Zivan?” she asked. He tilted his head to go inside. She walked in and the door closed behind her. She walked straight down the hall, up a set of stairs, down another hallway, and through a door to a VIP lounge that overlooked the lower level of the club. It was a great view of the dance floor. So, many people danced the night away without a care in the world. She could smell all the different pheromones that the humans gave off like an exhaust gas that a vehicle would pump into the air. It was so overwhelming that she desired to be apart of the crowd to mingle. Maybe, even have sex with a few of the boys and girls. Her lusts knew no bounds when it came to sex. She would have a hundred partners in a single night if she could.
Tonight, was not the night for such pleasures. She shook her head. Ever since she had met that boy, she has had these strange desires. He owned this club, hence how and when and where to go in the building. He had giving her a tour one night. She never got that kiss she had hoped to get. Perhaps tonight she would. Maybe!
This girl had an agenda to fulfill. First, she had to find her boy Zivan. She scanned the crowd for him. She spotted him with two young girls by the bar. They all had drinks in their hands. He kept looking around like he was searching for someone or a way to escape the girls. Well now, time to interrupt their little party. She hopped over the rail and landed down on the dance floor. Then walked through the crowd like nothing ever happened. People questioned if she jumped from that height or not. It was a glimpse they saw, and it made it hard whether the event transpired or not. Again, she had to shimmy her skirt down. She made a point to get herself some nice comfy pants or tights.
When she reached Zivan, she cut in front of the two girls. She knew they gave her dirty looks, like she gave a shit!
“Hey!” she said with a smile that charmed the heck out of him.
“Hey!” he said it in such a way that he was happy and relived to see a long-lost friend. She took him by the hand and led him onto the dance floor. She turned briefly to stick out her tongue at the two girls. They were none too happy and probably started talking smack about her. She smiled knowingly. They danced on the floor for a song before she asked if she could spend the night at his place. He agreed. She wished to leave right away he agreed again, but a little more reluctantly. They left the club, caught a cab, and were on their way to his place. He explained that his parents were away for a few weeks on a trip. She thought to herself that his folks had money. He did not seem the type who would flaunt mommy and daddy’s money. He did not do that. He dressed normally enough, blue jeans, a Slipknot shirt. It was a concert shirt no less. He wore biker boots with the shanks, a leather jacket also. His hair was long and curled to the middle of his back like a black lion’s mane. He had these green piercing jeweled-like eyes that she wanted to steal so they only looked upon her and no other.
Damnit why did she have to like him when she planned on using him for a single night. He was so damned beautiful, gorgeous. He was all man even though he was a boy of sixteen. He had that strong square manly chin, sharp features, with a fine rounded nose that was textured to perfection. His lips were full and lush like a woman’s. His skin had a golden green-brown sheen like a semi-sweet chocolate that she would diffidently want to taste. He was of mixed ethnicity. She was not sure which but if she were to guess, European was there for sure, maybe, First Nation or one of the countries from South America. Could be both. She asked. He chuckled and answered.
“My dad is Navaho and French, and my mom is Portuguese and Brazilian,” he offered up. The whole time they talked about his life. He had asked her about her life. She did not offer too much. Words like being an orphan came up and she did not go to school. Kind of was, homeless. Parents are dead, hence being an orphan. The usual bullshit stories.
When they arrived at his house, he paid the driver and they got out and went inside. She looked at him with a raised brow.
“You live here?” she asked surprised. He nodded and motioned for her to go inside. The place was massive. How rich were his parents anyway? The foyer was elaborate with elegant designs. They moved on into the rest of the house to the kitchen were it so happened that Zivan’s sister was there. She folded her arms.
“Well, little brother, bringing home strays, are we?” she asked with a sternness in her voice. She looked the so-called stray girl up and down.
“This is my older sister Zoe. She is a little… tarty with strangers,” Zivan chuckled. His sister gave him a dirty look.
“Hi! My name is Sadows,” the young girl offered her hand in greeting. Zoe gripping her hand firmly. The sister’s body tensed and there seemed to be recognition in her eyes. No! It was something else! Zoe moved away nervously. There was the smell of… fear. She knew!
How interesting! She knows what I am, Sadows thought. She smiled when Zivan was not looking and his sister went pale. Sadows winked and turned to Zivan. She held his hand.
“Where is your bedroom?” she asked with a grin in Zoe’s direction. Zoe went still her fists clenched.
“I shall be right back. The little boy’s room awaits me,” Zivan left the room. When he was out off ear shot Sadows spoke.
“You have no worries Zoe, I will not hurt your brother, I promise,” Sadows walked and stood in front of her. “Your brother has been kind to me; besides, I don’t need to drink blood of any kind. I just need a place to stay for the night. I’ll be gone in the morning.”
Zoe raised her brows. “You can walk in daylight? Not likely!” Zoe was so sure she called Sadows on her bullshit. Sadows laughed.
“You shall see in the morn then. My kind are not exactly trustworthy or genuinely nice, hence why I’m on the run. Please don’t tell your brother,” Sadows begged. She frowned at Zoe. “He doesn’t know about my kind, does he?” Zoe shook her head. Sadows suddenly realized that she should leave.
“Tell him thank you,” Sadows voice was low. She made her way through the house and was out the door. By the time she reached the curb. Zivan had caught up to her. He grabbed her by the arm, and she turned toward him. She looked at him sadly.
“Where are you going?” he asked exasperated.
“I have to go. You will be in danger here. I’m sorry… for my selfishness.” She turned away.
“Where will you go?” Zivan asked concerned.
“To New Orleans I suppose,” she replied.
“Come on!” he said and gripped her hand. They went back into the house walked into the garage. He grabbed a helmet and handed it to her.
“Put this on,” he said. He sat on a Harley Davidson. She looked at him in surprise.
“Get on!” he gave her a look that would not take no for an answer. She smiled and put on her helmet. She sat behind him with her arms around his waist. He started the bike and the rev of the motor roared and they rode off into the night.

Runaways

They rode on Zivan’s motorcycle, a Harley Davidson Lowrider. Sadows was turned on by holding on to him and feeling the power of this mechanical contraption beneath her. She breathed in the boy’s scent and licked his ear lobe. He smiled and shook his head. He let out a hearty laugh. It was genuine and true. She could tell he liked her and not necessarily in a sexual way either. Oh, but it did not mean that she did not like him in a sexual way. She did! She wanted to ravage him to no end. For some reason he made her feel… alive! Free! Yes! Free!
Her kind never felt like this. They were coven like creatures or solitary like. Either way they cooped themselves up in castles or other dark places to hide like rats in a cage. Bunch of cave dwellers more like. She on the other hand would not live like that. She would make sure that she was free to make her own choices regardless of what the others thought. Ancient lonely souls with nothing to strive for but a blood lust that kept them in darkness.
As of now, she would enjoy her time away with this interesting mortal boy that she is growing so very fond of suddenly. She would never dream of turning him. That would ruin all her fun of being in the daylight with someone. So, far she was the only one of her kind who could walk in the sunlight. The others sure could not. They burned up real nicely. Like living flailing torches. She despised most of her kind. They were mostly self-righteous pricks. Humans were more fun. They really knew how to have a really good time. They would let loose and dance the night away and drink whatever they wished. Ate such great foods. She was able to eat the human food as the rest of her kind could not. She was different and she hid it from the rest. Something inside her spoke to her not to reveal such things. She felt that it was too dangerous. As much as she liked to live dangerously. This was a whole different thing.
She had desires for blood, but what vampire didn’t, right! It only happened every so many years. Perhaps one day she would taste this attractive boy. Maybe. Today as the sun rose over the horizon, she was just going to be happy riding on the back of the bike with her face in the wind. The exhilaration of speed excited her. See! Humans made these wonderous machines. Humans were fabulous. Her kin were just a bunch of blood drinking prunes. Boring fucks! Violent assholes!
She leaned into Zivan with the side of her face against his back and breathed in the leather of his jacket. She could hold him for a good long time. He felt so damn familiar for some reason. Safe! She felt safe around him. Why? She wondered. It did not matter. She was going to enjoy him to the fullest. She closed her eyes and smiled. If she could find a way to turn him and he could walk in the sunlight with her… she opened her eyes. They blazed crimson momentarily. She realized that she would do it in a heartbeat. What was it about him she was so damn attracted to? She had to figure it out, later.
She grinned at a thought that just sprung upon her. They were now, runaways. This was to be an exciting adventure after all. Let the good times roll, baby. She hugged him just a little tighter. She felt him respond in kind. He did not mind. This she sensed. He must have liked her back. This she knew. One day it was going to happen. Her mind was made up.
There was a nudge and Sadows pulled away from her reverie. Zivan pointed to a small town not too far away. There was a fair ground. She bobbed her head up and down and shouted out in glee. Zivan laughed and turned down the next road toward the town. She leaned back and yelled her excitement. Her laughter was infectious and Zivan laughed with her and hooted his own joy.
She was correct! He was going to be a joy to be with. They were going to have such a great time together. She felt it in her very being. She bounced up and down. Then she hugged him tight careful not too tightly. She did not want to crush his ribs with her strength.
She liked the feel of him underneath. He was muscled. Had shape and tone. He was so damn cute too. She could gaze at him for hours if need be.
A thought occurred to her. How did his sister know what she was? It had been strange, and he seemed so unaware of it also. She had this desire to tell him but was afraid suddenly. She decided it was best to wait awhile. Now, was not the time.
It was time for the town fair that was for sure. She hoped they went on the fairest wheel. Maybe they would make out on it. That was her plan anyway. She giggled at the thought. She has never been to a fair before. There was a first time for everything. They cruised into town the wind in their hair and not a care in the world.

The Fair

They reached the fair grounds in one piece as Sadows excitement seemed to be so infectious. They parked the bike paid for a ton of tickets for the rides. The crowd was electrified with energy. People laughed and carried on in joy. Happiness spread about to everyone. Games were played and cheers roared when there was a winner. Prizes! Such grand prizes to be had.
Sadows was in her glory here. So, many events to experience. She was in such awe of everything and wanted to do it all at once. Her and Zivan decided to play one of the games. He threw darts at balloons and popped them all. He kept going until he had won the largest stuffed animal of a tiger for Sadows. She jumped in glee and hugged him. She came close to kissing him but stopped herself unsure if it was alright to do so in front of this many people or not, in a place such as this. He just seemed to be happy to win her a prize. They moved on to their next little adventure to be had. This one was a small rollercoaster. They went on and she shouted in such happy laughter. This was not just some kind of ride that you did not just go on once but many times over. Sadows loved the feeling of her stomach as it dropped when she rushed downhill on the coaster tracks. The sudden turns and double loops. She never had so much fun before. To think there were more rides to be had. She could not wait to go on all of them.
Sadows took in the sights like a child for the very first time. Her eyes were wide and bright. She was pleased by the events. At one-point Zivan leaned over her shoulder and spoke. “You must see a Fair at night with all the lights.” His hot breath upon her cheek made her tingle. She batted her eyelids.
“Then I suppose we must stay to enjoy the sights,” she breathed back. She smiled broadly, hugged her stuffed tiger, and spun in a circle. “What are you waiting for? We have so much more to explore,” she scolded playfully and stuck out her tongue. She walked away but lifted her skirt just a tiny bit to show just enough of a butt cheek for his viewing. Zivan noticed indeed. He let out an exasperated breath. She may just so happen to be a wild one, he thought and followed her. She smiled at him and linked her arm in his.
They stopped off at a food vendor that was selling cotton candy. Sadows really enjoyed her sweets. To her candy, chocolate, and ice-cream were foods of the gods. They were her favorite kinds. Zivan wondered how she had this childlike nature as if everything was so new to her. To be this happy and carefree was amazing. He liked it. She was really a cool chick to hang with. Spunky and so alive with energy. Then there is her smile… he could get lost in that smile. A smile of genuine happiness with a truth that had no hidden lies. Pure! Yes! It was pure, innocent, and made his heart sing.
There was more to her than he could ever know and that she surely hides parts of her past, but he felt she would talk when she was ready to and left it at that.
They went on more rides and played more games and won more prizes. She would jump up and down in excitement clapping her hands together. So, many of the other teen boys eyed her up and down like a piece of meat in a freezer locker. The one boy tried to talk to her.
“Hey babe, how about you come hang with us,” he strongly suggested.
“No thanks! I have a boyfriend,” she said simply dismissing the boy and his friends. She turned to walk away when the boy grabbed her arm and halted her. She rolled her shoulder out of his grip.
“Hands off, please,” she said in a polite manner that she found hard to maintain. He grabbed her again. “Hey babe. I’m just trying to be nice,” he gritted his teeth and glared at her.
“I said hands off, asshole,” she said annoyed and punch him in the face, knocking him on his ass. Sadows turned away and walked to Zivan and clung to him at making it a point he was her boyfriend. A crowd of nearby people laughed at the teen. He wiped the blood from his nose as his two buddies helped him up and they left. Zivan hoped that they would not be any trouble later.
He admired Sadows even more for handling herself so well. A take charge no bullshit kind of gal. His very type.
“You sure know how to take care of yourself.” He smirked. She smiled and gave him a sideways glance.
“I know a little bit of Karate and some other Japanese words too.” They laughed.
They briefly went back to his bike to put away all her goodie prizes he had won for her. They went back toward the fair park when two figures came out of the shadows.
Damnit! She was so busy having fun that she had not sensed their presence. She really had not planned on Zivan finding out what she was in such a manner. One of them was behind them waiting to strike. The other spoke in a gravelly tone.
“Are you not going to share your prey with us little girl?” Oh, he was going to pay for that little comment she assured herself of that. Zivan turned to the figure behind them. Sadows eyes blazed red liquid that boiled. She barred her fangs.
“Fuck off underling,” she growled. The figure hesitated. He seemed to be having second thoughts about this. He had never seen one of their kind like her before and he was afraid. He suddenly disappeared back into the shadows, followed soon after by his friend. She breathed a sigh of relief. Sadows’ grabbed Zivan’s hand.
“Let’s go,” she did her best to sound cheery. She noticed that he was sheathing a blade back in the back of his jacket. She could have sworn it was silver. She wondered if he knew about the creatures of the night. Possible if his sister knew. But… he was different somehow. As if he has been left in the dark about such things.
“Those guys were creepy as fuck and I think they might have had weapons on them,” Zivan said worriedly. He looked about cautiously.
“I think your knife and my not going to back down attitude may have scared them off, maybe, hopefully,” she said nervously. They were back to the grounds in no time and began to enjoy themselves again. It was getting deep into the night and they both stood in line to ride on the fairest wheel. She had waited all day and most of the night for this very moment. Sadows held Zivan’s hand. He was so accepting of her. He never once tried to pull away from her or push her away. He was such a… gentleman. A true understanding person and he did not judge her. He seemed to accept her for who she was. She liked that.
Finally, it was their turn. They got in the box seat and waited as they rose and stopped, rose again, and stopped until the ride went slowly around. She could see so much from the heights. All the lights from the town and the surrounding countryside. It was such a marvel to behold.
As they went back up the ride began to slow until it came to a stop and they were at the top overlooking everything.
Sadows continued to hold Zivan’s hand. She smiled sweetly at him. She bit her bottom lip. Her other hand reached up to his cheek. She leaned in and kissed him. He in turn kissed her back. His arm went around her waist. Her tongue invaded his mouth and played with his tongue. His accepted her willingly. He was so sweet tasting like the candy she enjoyed so much. She moved his hand to her thigh close to her wetting lions. She was so turned on by him at this moment. She had to find out. She had to know. His hand tightened its grip on her thigh gently. He pulled away.
“I want to, with you, but we should wait. We don’t really know each other at all and…” he paused. “I don’t want this to be some kind of fling or one-night stand.” He looked into her eyes. His were reflected of sincerity.
“Good! Neither did I,” she grinned into his mouth and parted his lips with her tongue. They kissed for a moment more then stopped. He held her close as she leaned her head upon his shoulder. This would be a night she shall remember for an eternity. Tonight at least she was content and safe. She knew right then and there she could trust Zivan with just about anything. She would eventually tell him everything she knew about herself. All that she could remember anyway. She turned her head to look up at him.
“We are still going to have sex one day soon, you know,” her eyes sparkled with mischief. Zivan chuckled and shook his head. He looked to her with all seriousness.
“I look forward to it,” he breathed into her mouth. Their lips met one last time before it was time to get off the ride.

Back on the road

They had left the fair grounds and found a motel room for the night. There was only one bed. Before Zivan uttered a word Sadows spoke.
“I'll behave if you will,” she teased while eying him from under her half-closed lashes. He laughed and shook his head.
“Alright! I accept your challenge,” he mocked playfully. She smiled thinly. This was going to be fun, she thought to herself as he began to get under the covers.
“Oh no, you don't,” she scolded with a look that said so many mysterious things. He paused with the blankets still in hand frozen like a deer caught in a car's headlights.
“Wha!” he deepened his voice comical like. Sadows giggled. He had a sense of humour now did he! Let the fun begin.
“We! Are going to do this with our clothes off. You! If you so choose can sleep in those under garments. I on the other hand sleep naked, my dear.” She went under the covers, removed her clothing, and dropped them to the floor. Zivan’s eyes went wide. She was nude right now. He almost had a hard time believing it. She gave him a look with raised brows.
“Well? I thought you were up for the challenge,” she smirked. He let out a deep sigh. I’ll be up alright if we keep playing this game, he thought exasperated. He removed his clothes to his ginch. He was clearly nervous. Sadows bit her bottom lip with a smile and looked up at him with a nasty glint to her eyes. She patted the bed beside her.
“I promise, I won’t bite. Only nibble,” she giggled. Zivan chuckled nervously. He crawled under the blankets. She came in close to him. Her one leg went over his. Her head cradled into his shoulder and she rested a hand on his chest. She walked her fingers down to his pelvis and paused. He stiffened in more ways than one. He caught his breath and held it. He slowly let it out.
“I’m seriously not ready for this yet Sadows,” he strained out the words.
“Hmm! Feels otherwise to me,” she whispered in his ear, then nibbled the lobe. Her knee rubbed his growing member.
“We can still have fun you know. I’ll just use my hand and you could just use your fingers,” she gave him the pleading tone. He groaned. He wanted to, but he felt it was not right to do so. He gazed into her eyes. He kissed her lips tenderly.
“Please not yet,” he breathed out in a deep groan.
“Okay!” She licked his lips then her own to savor his taste. He was correct. They should wait. It was not the right time. She would wait, as much as she wanted to ravage him here and now. She would wait. She moaned into his shoulders and allowed her fingers to trace his other shoulder. Her fingertips were soothing, relaxing.
Soon, Zivan fell asleep, his breathing became regular, even, then shallow. Sadows laid awake the entre night. She had no need for sleep. She truly had no memories of the last time she slept. She cared little about it and closed her eyes and admired the feel of Zivan’s body. She lazily explored him with her fingers. She desired him on a deep level. She did not understand how or why, nor did she give two shits about it. She liked him and that was that.
A selfish thought just occurred to her. She would do what it would take to protect him. She has just laid claim to him and she would do all that it took to make their relationship last.
The sun had just risen over the horizon and the light made its way through the window to brighten the room. Zivan opened his eyes soon after to smile lazily up at her. Sadows smiled back. She sat on top of him her sleek bare body and breasts revealed to him. He gaped.
“Are you ready for a ride?” She teased pleasantly. She leaned in for a kiss. Kissed him briefly and giggled.
“Oh, someone is up and at am.” She moved her hips to rub against him for a final tease before she stood up and dressed. She winked and he groaned. He rubbed his eyes and then he himself dressed.
In no time they were back on his bike and on the road again. Sadows hung on to his waist. She thought to herself if only he knew that she just had an orgasm while sitting behind him. Her scent was now on his bike. Call it marking my territory, she thought mischievously. Her eyes flashed red, then disappeared. She stayed nuzzled into his back with her eyes closed. Content. Calm. Alive!
They left the little town and its fair behind and were back on the road to who knew where. She personally did not care. As, long as she was with Zivan.
Followed
Later that day they ended up in another town over the border between Canada and the United States, a town called Portland. Zivan stayed on the roads closest to the coast. The Rockies, large beautiful mountains and the ocean view were spectacular.  Sadows enjoyed her time on the Harley. The wind blowing in her hair was exciting. The speed. She really liked to go fast.  Extremely fast. She decided that the motorcycle was her favorite mode of travel. She has even been on a plane. They are fun at first when you take off and land, sometimes interesting when you can see the landscape. But ultimately boring. Most modes of travel had comfort. Buses had comfy seats and a washroom. How cool was that. Here and now with this teenage boy that she so much adored was the best thing she has ever experienced thus far. She has been around an exceedingly long time.
Again, she held onto Zivan's waist the feeling of freedom coursed through her veins and made her blood sing. There was something defiantly special about him. The way he made her feel. They barely knew each other. She yelled her joy out to the world beyond. Her overwhelming laughter was infectious and Zivan laughed along with her. He also hollered out his joy, his freedom. Together, they would enjoy the fruits of their free labours. She sensed a wild side to him, and she was bound and determined to unleash it. The thoughts that went through her mind were wondrous. She believed deep in her immortal heart that she may have found her soulmate. Only time would tell.
As of now. It was time to revel in him. He had self control. He was good at it if he did not fall to her charms so easily. Her powers had no effect on him. It was great. So, if and, when he fell in love with her it will be real.
Sadows leaned back with her eyes closed and breathed in the ocean air. Zivan slowed the bike down and stopped near the beach. They got off the bike and went to the sand. Sadows took her boots off. She sighed as the hot gritty sand crusted in between her toes. What a feeling. Glorious. To have the sun upon her face.  Its warm rays lavished her pale skin. She cried out in glee; her arms spread wide out as she spun around in circles. She eyed Zivan. Her beautiful Zivan. She gripped his hand, and they made a run for the waters. They splashed in together. They splashed water on each other. Her giggles echoed out everywhere. Her screeches of happiness and laughter were music to a sixteen-year-old boy who was not yet aware that he was falling hopelessly in love with a vampire. She was not just any kind of vampire. She was different. The sun had no effect on her as it did on the others. The sun happened to be deadly to such creatures of the night. They would burn up and ultimately die. She could consume normal human foods with no ill effects. Others of her kind had to drink blood. No matter what. Silver hurt vampires. To have a silver stake or even a silver bullet to the heart would kill them, along with a fine beheading. But would even these harm her. Who could say?
But today was a day to swim. The two went out further. They swam for awhile. Zivan doggy paddled to Sadows. He unexpectedly kissed her then splashed her with water and tried to swim away laughing.
“I'm going to get you,” she laughed and swam after him. She caught up to him and dunked him under water. When he came back up, he sputtered water on her. She pretended disgust.
Her arms wrapped about his neck; her legs went around his waist. She rubbed against him ever so lightly. He responded with a throb.
“At least I turn you on,” she spoke with her mouth on his lips. He moaned into her mouth. His tongue lashed out and touched her tongue.
“Zivan!” She moaned. She hugged him tightly and buried her face into his shoulder. Her whole body shook as she continued to rub her pelvis against him.
“Oh, Zivan,” her voice raised in pitch. She shuttered and panted; her face flushed. Zivan stared at her in surprise.
“Did you just...” he tried to ask.
“Yes, I did!” She stated. He was really turned on right now. His heart raced and pounded hard in his chest. Sadows reached into his ginch and withdrew his penis. She liked the feel of him in her hand. She stroked gently, slowly.
“Oh Sadows,” he groaned deeply. He throbbed repeatedly and then he released so quickly. Too quickly. He had been with girls before and had never pre-ejaculated this fast before, not even during losing his virginity.
They then kissed passionately. Sadows continued to stroke Zivan. He still stayed hard for her and was soon throbbing uncontrollably again. She slowly raised her leg up to guide him inside her. She desperately wanted him within her. It was a primal need that needed to be satisfied. She had the head of his penis at the entrance of her womanhood when he sudden pulled away. He groaned as he ejaculated again. She felt his sperm shoot against her skin and she shivered in pleasure.
“No! Not until we have a condom. I’m sorry Sadows. Not yet, alright,” he was exasperated. His breathing heavy. She placed her hands on his face.
“I’m the one who should be sorry, Zivan. I… oh, Zivan. I should have thought about your feelings. I was only thinking about you inside me. I apologize,” she said sincerely and hugged him.
“No need to apologize. We need to be careful is all. We need to use protection and wear a condom,” he said and held her. It was so hard for him to resist. He would have done it with her without protection. Definitely! They were just both too young to have children.
Sadows wondered for a moment at his words. Protection. Condom. Protection from what? What was a condom? There was still so much in the world she yet did not understand. They kissed again. Soon they walked back onto the beach, dressed, and were back on his bike again. They went into town and stopped at a gift shop. There were so many items that delighted her senses. Zivan watched her to see what pleased her most. A little girl about the age of six tugged on Sadows’ skirt.
“Oh! Um, hi sweetie,” she said startled and bent down to talk to the girl.
“You’re pretty,” the girl smiled and offered Sadows a small stuffed cat.
“Ah, thank you, sweetie. My name is Sadows,” she put out her hand in a gesture of greetings. The little girl shook her pale hand.
“My name is Mandy!” The little girl put her hand to the side of her mouth like she was conspiring. “You should get some clothes that cover you better,” she pointed out. Sadows laughed.
“Yes, dear. You are right I should. No worries I plan on it,” she whispered back. The little girl giggled and ran back to her mom and waved goodbye. The mother gave Sadows a dirty look of disapproval. Sadows just stuck out her tongue at the lady. Zivan laughed. He really liked her no shit attitude. She smiled and winked at him. She linked her arm in his.
“If you like I will buy you clothes,” he leaned in and said in a low voice.
“I’ll think about it,” she said with her nose in the air and stuck out her tongue at him. On impulse he grabbed her ass.
“Oh, I liked that,” she purred and leaned against him. “Meow.” He chuckled light heartedly. He changed the subject. “It was nice of that little girl to give you a gift,” he mentioned.
“I know and isn’t it so cute,” she praised it and snuggled it to her cheek. Zivan was happy for her. She was just so damn likable.
He showed her a few items around the store and she choose one. He asked her if she would like more and she shook her head no. She told him there was no need to have more. She thanked him for the gift, and they stood in line to pay for the little cupid toy she had chosen.
Sadows looked about and noticed a man in a three-piece suit with sunglasses on, staring right at her. She just knew he was looking right at her. Her vision was sharp and tinted glasses could not hide anything from her. She grabbed onto Zivan and whispered, “There is this creepy guy staring at us.” Zivan looked in the direction she motioned. He rolled his eyes in annoyance. He gave Sadows a twenty-dollar bill.
“Please pay for this, while I go talk to my dad,” his mood had turned sour. Sadows looked at the man again and instantly hated him. There was something very unkind in the man’s eyes, a coldness. It was a look she knew all too well. That man was a killer. This she was sure of.
Zivan stood before his father. His father removed his sunglasses.
“I see you are well and unharmed my son,” he had a lectures tone. He glanced at the girl. “And I see you have a Trollip with you. She seems not your type. Have your fun with her then come home. You have two weeks. That should be enough time for you to sow your wild oats,” he lectured and put his glasses back on. A sign he was done.
“Go fuck yourself. She is not a whore or a slut or anything else you deem her to be. God! You’re such an asshole,” Zivan yelled angerly. He turned away and went back to Sadows. She had just finished paying when the cashier winked at her. “You have a good man there.” Tell her something that she did not know.
Zivan grabbed her hand and they walked out the door. They hopped on his bike and they left with a roar down the street.
Zivan’s dad stood there and watched them leave. “It seems your sister and I need to have a little chat,” he muttered to himself.

Dinning Out

They had just ridden into the city of Seattle. Modern cities just sent a thrill through her. They were unlike the ancient world. In ancient times buildings were interagency.  They had a certain style and placed at power points of ley lines. There was a strict structure.
Modern cities seemed to start off in the same kind of direction then turn into a wild untamed random pattern with its own purposes. Not to mention all the wonderful lights so many colourful lights. For her to experience the different times was both glorious and troubled. Most of the time she had kept herself hidden from the world especially from vampires. Why were they so different from her? Odd that she even thinks of it that way. Is she not different from them? To hell with them. They were barbaric blood suckers. The ones that knew of her and she has only met a few, see her as a young rogue vamp of little importance that does not cause any trouble. She has heard talk about her that it is believed that she feeds then sleeps until her next feeding. Called lazy safe. They would laugh at her. But these were vamps she had met in the clubs that they owned. Even their blood drinking bars and pubs that they owned. What shitholes those were. She had a horrible thought. What if her kind managed to rule the world? She shook her head to rid that thought away. That would be a terrible idea. They would ruin everything. Turn humans into nothing but cattle. Bastards had no ethical value except of brutality. So why was she different from the others?
To be honest she did not care. She wanted to live in this world with no restrictions and be free to travel wherever, whenever. There was so much to experience.
A sudden unexpected thought intruded her ever observant mind. Could she have a child? Oh, she hoped so. She has never heard or seen a vampire to have been born not in the birthing sense of things. But since she was different. Could she bear children? Well it did not matter because her and Zivan would have fun finding out. She would so make babies with him.
They scooted around the downtown area in another warm sunny day. Zivan pulled over to the sidewalk in front of a clothing store. He smiled at her. She wanted him then and there. The way he looked at her was not how other men looked at women. He respected her admired her and loved her. She got giddy. He was falling in love with her. Just as she was falling for him. Her heart pounded fiercely.  She eyed the store and smiled brightly. She had a plan. She had a feeling she knew what he was up to. Or soon would be up if she had anything to do about it.
They went in and Sadows grabbed a bunch of clothes and asked if there was a place, she could try them on. She was led to the changing rooms. An to work she went.
When she was done and came out to show Zivan.  The look upon his face filled her with such love and hope for their future. His eyes dilated large. She knew without a doubt how pleasing she looked to him.  His reward would be a good ravaging. She smiled to herself for having such passionate thoughts of sexual desires. She blushed under his wide devouring eyes. She wanted to be taken by him right then and there.
She twirled around her black lace dress flared. Her bustier gathered her breasts nicely to show just enough cleavage to draw the eye right to them. As they surely did with Zivan. But the dress she wore over top was lace and see through. It revealed everything. It was a one piece like bathing suit. The fabric was black. Her one shoulder was bare while a sash went up around her other shoulder then around her mid-section under her left breast then around her waist to end tied as a giant bow. A present she would gladly let him untie and open. She wore a black peacock like head dress with a veil. She wore a cape but also a dress. Left arm was covered in the fabric. She had on black satin gloves up past her elbows. Interesting gloves that covered her hands but for the thumbs could be seen under lace. She wore lace stockings to her thighs where garter straps held them. Then her shoes. They displayed her fine feet nicely. Spiked heeled and covered like lacey sandals. Zivan did not even know it was possible for her to become even more beautiful than she already was.
Sadows felt wanted and needed. Maybe. Just maybe, for a while at least, she would not be alone. She would have some years to share with Zivan. Besides, even if she wanted to turn him, she did not know how anyway. She did not really have a mind nor desire for such a thing. She liked Zivan the way he was. It is a sin to turn him into a blood sucking reject.
“You are breath taking. A glory to behold,” Zivan stressed. There was so much desire in his words. Sadows wondered if tonight, would be the night. Her loins ached for him none stop. It was an unending process.
Zivan offered her his hand and she took it. Such a gentleman and he doesn’t even realize it. Just comes naturally to him, she thought with pride.
He paid for her clothes and they walked out with four bags of items. He helped carry everything. Her hands remained empty. He put the bags in the saddlebags of his bike. She then linked her arm in his and they walked down the street to a French restaurant. Nice. She dinned at a French restaurant in Paris, France, and the food was amazing.
As they walked people gawked at Sadows. She was both admired and shunned. An elderly man in his seventies tipped his hat to her. She was surprised and delighted. She turned to the man.
“Why thank you good sir,” she said respectfully. He nodded to her.
“You are very welcome ma’am,” he said sincerely with kindness. Then looked to Zivan. “You take good care of her young lad. She looks to be from good stock.” Then he was on his way. Sadows felt warm inside. There was still chivalry in the world. Both, from that man and by Zivan.
Why could people not just accept a compliment or someone kindly holding a door open for them. Was it really, too hard to just walk through it and say, ‘thank you’? Too many people wore a scowl on their beautiful features and griped about how they can open the doors themselves.
They reached the restaurant, went in, and surprisingly were seated right away. Sadows gave Zivan a questioning look.
“Did I forget to mention that I already made reservations yesterday?” He smirked. She raised her brows, impressed.
A bottle of wine was brought to their table. An expensive red Chateau Margaux. The wine was poured in glasses. Sadows was indeed surprised by this. He had that much money? She swirled the wine sniffed it then took a sip. It was delightful tasting and held the glass to be filled. The waiter bowed proudly and poured. She thanked him kindly with a bright smile. The waiter smiled back and turned to Zivan. Zivan nodded and the waiter left.
Sadows winked at Zivan over the rim of her wine glass as she took another sip, a smirk on her lips. Zivan eyed her with lust, his eyes dilated almost to their fullness. She knew then and there he would take her here and now. He burned hot with it. She raised her foot up to his crouch and rubbed. Oh yes! He was ripe for the picking. Tonight, had to be the night. He was edger to no end. This made her wet in anticipation. She downed her wine quickly hoping it would calm her. No luck there. Had no effect.
Their food came. Served Soupe à l’oignon. Sadows eyes went wide. She loved this stuff. A traditional French soup of onions, beef stock, croutons, and melt cheese. Sadows took a taste and her taste buds melted. They even caramelized the onions in Brandy. It was delicious. The waiter smiled at Zivan and walked away. Zivan only had eyes for Sadows. She was the girl of his dreams and he barely knew her. Well, there was going to be a lot of time for it.
They enjoyed their meal and lavished in each other’s company. They played footsie under the table. Zivan told a few jokes that made Sadows burst into such laughter that she could not stop giggling. She had this effect on the other patrons in the restaurant as well where they too, laughed. Zivan made her the center of attention. The right kind. She was not leered at for sex or whistled at like a dog. But to put a case in point a man shouting out to her and calling her good looking or how hot she may have been, did not bother her as long, as it was not lewd or profane. Men lusting after her never bothered her. When they gave the wrong kind of attention, let’s just say they ended up paying for it in the end.
They left the restaurant in high spirits and went to a hotel. It had room service. They were just a hundred more yards from the hotel when a woman made her presence known.
“Hey, handsome. Want to have some fun?” She asked in a lustful tone.
“No thank you,” Zivan responded in a dismissive manner. The woman was put off and not too impressed by his attitude toward her. She glared and was about to attack him when Sadows blocked her path. She bared her fangs, and her eyes went crimson.
“He said ‘no thanks’ bitch. Now, fuck off cunt!” Sadows voice grew to dangerous levels. The woman who was also a vampire back away in fear. She went down the alley she came from and disappeared quickly.
Sadows and Zivan continued to walk down the street.
“You have a nasty streak to you,” Zivan smiled broadly, “I like it.”
“You have no idea how mean I can get, babe,” she replied. Zivan laughed.
FUCKING VAMPIRES! She screamed in her head. They are a damn plague, I swear it! They seem to be everywhere. She swore to herself if another one dared to be an asshole again, she was going to do away with them.
They went into the hotel and she hoped the mood was not spoiled by the event.

No Nookie Tonight!

They started off in the hotel room by kissing and falling onto the bed in laughter. She looked into his eyes and knew this was going to happen after all. She could barely contain her excitement. She stood removed the veil from her head and threw it on the bed. She turned away and quickly slipped out of her dress undid the bustier and let it drop to the floor. She stood there nude in all her glory. Her one arm covered her breasts. She had her head slightly turned in his direction. She grinned and walked away.
“I plan on having a shower if you care to join me,” she suggested strongly. Zivan watched her walk into the washroom. The sight of her walking away appealed to his senses especially the two dimples that danced above her butt cheeks. He flopped down on the bed.
“You are killing me you tease,” he said in a fake painful tone.
He had everything ready ahead of time. Condoms were in the washroom. He would put one on. If her sex drive was as high as he imagines, then he might have to use a few this night.
As soon as Sadows closed the door her whole body grew heated and flushed with desire. This was truly happening. Ever since she had first met him at the club when he was with his friends, she had wanted him. She could not explain the connection between them, but it was there. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled brightly. Then she proceeded to do a happy dance. She then turned the water on in the stand-up shower. Waited until it became steamy and hot then went in to wait for the man of her dreams. She let the water spray over her lathe form. She was well toned a sculpture of Shapeliness. Hips and waist that were going to rock Zivan's world. Her ass was of a roundness and smoothness to be desirable to the eye and touch. Her breasts were not large nor small. Her breasts were the perfect size. They did not interfere in any of her day to day life. Some women did not like to have large breasts they complained it hurt their back. It was a bit of weight to carry. Not that would ever be a problem for her being a vampire and all.
She suddenly opened her eyes. What was taking him so long. She got out of the shower while leaving the water running. Something caught her attention it was a box that had that word Zivan had mentioned before. Condoms. She read the box and was perplexed. Why would humans want to prevent pregnancy? She was a little bit surprised by the fact that disease can be spread this way also.
She had questions. Why did he want to use these?  She wanted to ask but was kind of leery to. Damn her ignorance of things. As far as her memory went back, she had never had sex before. This she was so sure of. She shook her head and walked out of the washroom with the box of condoms in her hand.
“Zivan I was wondering why you…” she stopped herself cold.  Something was wrong and Zivan was gone. She sneered. Her eyes turned to liquid pools of red. She was pissed off. She knew the scent. That fucking vampire bitch took him. Her… and two others.  Oh! They were as good as dead. She would find them and rescue Zivan from their clutches. He better not be hurt. Dread swelled in her chest. Then she was gone following the scent of a whore. She planned on tearing them to shreds.
She followed all the scents into the sewers. She knew they would be waiting for her. They didn’t even try to hide their scents or even mask Zivan's. Her sharp hearing picked them up. She grinned. It was a deadly horrible grin, that displayed her pristine fangs. She would bring death this night. A night that was supposed to be full of passionate sex and love.
She tracked and explored the filthy terrain she was in. The vile smells could not hide them from her. Damn they were loud down here. Then it struck her. They were whispering doing their best to keep quiet. She heard every word they spoke. She had to hurry because one of them wanted to drain him now. The woman told them no not until the girl was dealt with. Fuckers! They were going to kill us either way. Sadows seethed. She let out a high-pitched screech. They heard it and knew what it meant. She told them she was near and challenged them. One answered her call right away and left the others. They tried to stop him but with no success.
Sadows heard the movements of all vampires and tracked them. The noises they made echoed throughout the sewer. She closed her eyes and made a map in her mind. She knew every direction they took and knew Zivan's location. He struggled. He had to be tied up somewhere. This was going to be so much easier for her to keep her secret and kill these disgusting creatures at the same time. They had taken different directions to deal with her.
She moved fast through the tunnels. She was silent as a shadow. She did not make a sound whatsoever. She did all this nude. She had not thought to dress, she just reacted and was off to save the love of her life.
The first vampire she came across was a skinny lanky critter. More bark than bite as she soon found out. She leaped upon him and smashed his face into the concrete. Blood splattered. His face was crushed. She tore his head off in a bloody mess. The body fell into the water and she tossed the head away. One down two more to go. She left the area in search of her next prey. She knew where he would be.
She watched the brute for a moment before she came out of the shadows. My, he was a large one. Strong. Lethal looking. All power and muscle. He charged. Long claws formed to slash down upon Sadows. If she did not move, they would shred her apart. Sadows blocked his blow and held his arm with ease. He tried to move but could not budge. Sadows smiled, her eyes glowed red and bright. The brute vampire screamed in fear and agony as her hand reached within his chest.
“What is the quickest way to a man’s heart? Through his ribcage of course,” she said in a sweet siren’s call. She squished his heart and its remnants sprayed everywhere, leaving her hand dripping in gore. The brute’s body collapsed as a dried-up husk.
Now it was the cunt’s turn, she thought darkly. She made the call and waited. The bitch would not be able to resist. No vampire ever could when she had made it in the past. All she had to do is wait. Not for long. The bitch came charging in like a mad witch on her broom stick. She leaped in the air all claws and fangs like a wild animal. Sadows moved with such speed gripped the vampire by the hair flipped her over in the air and smacked her down on the ground. Blood splattered up in the air. Sadows sat on the woman’s chest. She reached in her mouth and pulled the bitch’s fangs out. The vampire screeched.
“Shut up!” Sadows growled her eyes did their red glow. The vamp woman calmed in an instant.
“Why did you take Zivan from me?” Sadows demanded. The vampire could not deny her. She spoke the truth.
“I wanted to fuck him and see if I could bare his child,” the bitch said. Something snapped in Sadows. A darkness grew. Why would this cunt want the same thing as her? There was a coldness to her. A red haze clouded Sadows’ mind. Her crimson eyes boiled. They were liquid blood orbs.
“I’m going to do to you what you have done to humans,” Sadows tone was lethal as steel, chilling. Her fangs sank into the woman’s throat. She drank and then gagged. A vampire’s blood was disgusting. Then Sadows lost her shit. She decided to just rip the vamps throat out and then gutted the bitch with her claws. Entrails spilt onto causeway. She too became a dried-up husk. Nothing but an empty corpse. What a bitch like her deserved. 
“Fucking bitch,” Sadows raged. She was spattered with blood and gore. Tears streamed from her eyes. She ran off into the sewers screaming for Zivan.

Zivan Is Back

She made it to the spot where Zivan had been but now he was gone. Sadows panicked and screamed her rage. Whatever had happened to him or who ever took him would pay dearly.
She had to find him, to protect him. She was not going to lose the only good thing to have ever happened in her life.
FUCK!
Where has he gone? She had his scent and was about to leave when she caught other scents. Two where strange and the other she was sure must have been a vampire, an old one. She paused. A vampire but not? The scent was confusing. She wanted to find out where these new scents led, but Zivan. No! Zivan came first no matter what. She moved quickly to aid him. She would find him, without a doubt.
She crawled out of the sewers and realized where Zivan may have gone. Back to the hotel. He had to of. She followed. She was correct. His scent led this way. She looked up at the very balcony of where their room lie. On instinct she crotched then jumped the eight storeys. Grabbed the railing and hopped over and she was back into the still running shower to clean the smell and gore off her body. She scrubbed furiously to be rid of all the grime.
She shivered uncontrollably as tears streamed from her eyes. She rushed out of the shower and yelled for Zivan. He burst through the front door. He smelt of sewer and his nose bled. She cried his name and hugged him fiercely afraid to ever let him go.
“What happened to you? Are you alright?” Her voice broke.
“Yes! I’m fine. I had the weirdest experience of my life.” Oh, she knew all too well about it. She led him to the shower.
“Let’s get you cleaned up and you can tell me all about it. I was so afraid I’d lost you,” tears were still in her eyes. He gazed at her lovingly.
“Never! I will always find you Sadows, forever and always,” he said with heated passion. He had worried that something bad had happened to her when he was abducted. The people that kidnaped him had to be serial killers or something. One of them talked about drinking him dry of his blood. That was fucked up. Then they heard a sound of some sort and left. Then later some old woman and two bodyguards, he assumed anyway, freed him. The old woman said something strange to him. ‘Go to her and protect her. Never to leave her side again’. She was clearly talking about Sadows. He was sure of it. So, how did the old woman know about her? It did not matter. He was back with her and he planned on staying with her and he did not plan on ever leaving her side, ever.
He was safe and she was fretting over him and helped to clean him up in the shower. She was really worried about him just as he worried for her. He leaned with his arms out against the wall his head cradled in them as she scrubbed him with cloth and soap.
 It suddenly hit him hard as to how much he was falling for her. She suddenly hugged him. She sobbed against his back.
“I don’t ever want to lose you. I was so scared,” she quivered her words out. He turned to face her, and their lips locked. Then he leaned against the wall. He was tired. He had wanted tonight to be special for her. He touched her gently upon her breast. She gripped his hand. Her other hand stroked is cheek.
“It is okay! We can wait until another time,” she assured him. “I just want to hold you and never let go.” They held each other for an exceptionally long while.
They ended up on the bed in each other’s arms and Zivan slept while she gazed upon him until he awoke the next morning.
They dressed. She in some of her new clothes he had bought for her. Black tight jeans, the bustier she wore last night, her favorite boots, and a new leather jacket.
She was happy to be gone from here. They left the hotel and soon were on the road again. This is what she enjoyed the most. Being on the bike with Zivan. This may have been what she loved the most when with him.

Old Woman

Down into the sewers they went. They knew where to go. The old woman and her two male companions were silent. They were used to stealth missions. They lived it. There was only one sound as the old woman stepped behind the chair the boy was bound to, it was her cane that tapped the concrete. The young man straightened.
“Who is there?” He asked. He was a brave one, had only a hint of fear in his voice that was filled more with wonder and curiosity. The old woman smiled. He could be the one, indeed.
“You seem to be in a pickle my boy,” her voice cracked like sandpaper. She leaned in close. “Go to her and protect her. Never to leave her side again. She is the one true love in your heart.” Her voice had an echo effect that vibrated through him. She used a clawed nail and cut him loose. He looked at her then. She was extremely old looking.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Zivan said as he gripped, her hand and gave a slight bow.
“Oh, how fabulous. The boy has manners. Splendid! Now give Granny a kiss,” her gravelly voice demanded as she turned her cheek toward him. He pecked her cheek and began to walk away he stopped and smiled. “Thank you again, Granny.” Then he left to find his way out of the sewers back to Sadows.
The old woman smiled then frowned. Her attention went immediately to her companions.
“Let’s clean her mess up shall we,” she grated with a chuckle. They moved about to the locations of Sadows’ kills. The two companions went about their gruesome work while the old woman stood still as a statue and listened. They cleaned one location then went to another. In the middle of the cleanup the old woman tapped her cane once. All work stopped. Granny listened. She heard the young vampire girl cry out for the boy in panic. The old woman smiled. Only she knew the child was the key. A special key to open a special lock. The Blood Coven was in search of her, although they had no idea who she was or where she might be. It was for the better. She had to be kept safe.
They knew of a vampire that was out there and they almost caught up to her in Vancouver. The elders were very unhappy about one of their vesta hounds being slaughtered. Those creatures could track anything and were extremely hard to kill. Most vampires could not even hurt them. There were a select few to have ever been able to control them. They were the Handlers. That was their purpose.
They were at the last location and soon finished the cleaning. There was no evidence. The Blood Coven would never know this had happened.
The old woman peered around one last time. Tapped her cane and they left. The sewers were once again left to the refuse and rats.
Stop Over

Zivan pulled into a rundown motel. Sadows did not care in the least. It was a real shithole too. It looked the part of falling apart. Zivan paid for their room. The dirty fat slob of a man in a wife beater shirt grinned.
“Welcome to my ‘no tell motel’, sonny,” his voice was a few octaves too high. Zivan and Sadows went to their room and big shocker, the windows were boarded up. They went inside and there was a smell of rancid sex that soiled the sheets and they probably had not been washed. By the look of the stains on them. How disgusting! Dust was everywhere. There was mold on the walls and in the bathroom. The carpet was worn to the floor in some parts. There was no closet door and a bathroom door. The mirror was broken. The shards were still laying about in the sink and on the floor.
“Well. Home sweet home for the night,” Zivan said as he ran a hand through his hair. Sadows laughed and jumped on the bed and struck a pose.
“Our first time could be in a filthy dump such as this. I could be your dirty girl,” she had a wicked glint in her eye. As much as he wanted to. Not here. Not now. Not ever in a crap hut like this. Zivan grimaced at her suggestion. She laughed whole heartedly. It was good to hear her laugh like that.
“You should have seen the look on your face,” she giggled out. She beckoned him to her, and he went to her. They embraced and kissed until Zivan dosed off to sleep. Sadows laid there with his head upon her breast. She stroked his hair absently.
She closed her eyes for a while in thought. She continued to keep them closed as Zivan awoke. He smiled down at her and kissed her lips before he went out the door. She opened her eyes and smiled. She stood up and stretched. She would have gazed out at the early morning sunrise if the windows did not have plywood over them. Not much light got into the room. How dismal.
She looked forward to leaving and being on their way to L.A. She yawned. Then a pain hit her hard in her belly. She did not like that. Her eyes glowed red and hazy. Her fangs elongated. She had the sudden uncontrollable urge to drink. What the hell was happening to her? A rat scurried along the floor and she snatched it up. She bit into it and drained it dry. The taste filled her senses. A calming came over her. She felt the flavor upon her tongue and reveled in it. She had the hunger and it disappeared as quickly as it came.
“Gross!” She flung the rat to the floor. She slid down in the corner between the wall and the bed. She was stunned by what she had just done. She had no idea what had come over her to do such a thing. She had never felt like that before.
At this point Zivan returned with a bag of food. He set the food down right away. He went to her. Saw the rat and her bloodied face.
“What happened? You alright?” He asked deeply concerned. She put her hands over her face and began to sob.
“I really did not want you to see me like this,” she cried into her hands.
“Hey, everything will be alright,” he tried to sooth. He held her close.
“I’m vile,” she spoke into his shoulder. He chuckled.
“No, you are not!” He stated evenly. He pulled away and looked at her fondly his hand on her cheek. She glanced down.
“Zivan. I haven’t been honest with you about a few things,” she began.
“Oh, and what might that be?” he asked with raised brows.
“I’m. A. Vampire.” He laughed and shook his head.
“Come on now. How can that be when you walk around in daylight and besides, they don’t exist,” he simply said. “I’m attracted to who you are not some so called creature of the night. It may even be cool if you were a vampire,” he said kissing her blood-stained lips. He pulled away. “Time to make you breakfast,” he said and stood up. She looked at him stunned. Maybe he could accept her as a vampire soon, but not now. She was afraid to prove it to him. She stood up went into the washroom to wash away the gross rat blood. She investigated the broken shards of the mirror. Gazed at her image for a moment. He had just kissed her bloodstained lips without a care. He was remarkable.
Later, they ate their food and afterward were out the door and, on the road, again. Next stop, hopefully Los Angeles.

Los Angeles

His bike roared down the highways of the city of angels. Sadows yelled in glee. The city was so big. There were so much traffic and people. They went down to the beach by evening to watch the sunset.
Sadows ran onto the beach taking her clothes off and discarded them to eventually make a splash in the rolling waves. She shouted in glee and waved to Zivan.
“Come on, take your clothes off and join me, babe,” she hollered for the whole world to hear her happiness. He chuckled and shook his head. She was so impulsive and outgoing. The way she made him feel, so alive. He had butterflies in his gut, and he liked it. For the first time in his life he was with a girl that wanted to hang out and have fun. Other girls which mind you have not been many, only wanted to be with him to show him off like a trophy. One girl tried to change him into an intitled prick. How to walk, dress, act. That relationship ended badly. The other only wanted him for sex. Not to mention the drugs she wanted to share, that also ended badly. But with Sadows he was just himself. Free to express however he pleased. His emotions free. She respected him when he was not ready for sex. That was such a rare thing, indeed.
Let’s do this! He removed clothing his eyes meet hers. She watched him with a greedy lustful look that sent a tingle through his entre body. He took a few deep breaths before he was nude and running into the water.
“We should have dinner soon,” he mentioned.
“Oh, I plan on it,” she said. Her expression said many desirable things. Her eyes devoured him as he undressed on the beach. His developing frame into manhood sent a thrill through her. She wanted him more than life itself. Was it wrong of her to be in love with a teen boy at her age? She was immortal after all. When it came to immortality, was that an issue that had to be dealt with. She gave her head a shake to dispel the depressing thoughts from her mind. She believed love knew no bounds. She was from a far different time and era and of course race all together. Do even modern human laws even apply to this? Damnit! Why was she having these thoughts. Talk about ruining the mood.
He swam near her and splashed water in her face. She giggled and splashed back. He turned and began to swim away back to shore. He raised his hard muscle butt above the water. Oh, you damn tease, you, she thought in delight and swam after him.
“I’m coming to get you,” she enunciated every word.
“If you catch me, I have something for you,” he laughed. As he reached the shore, she was upon him. She may have cheated a little bit. She leaped into the air and landed on him they tumbled in the sand. Her lips were upon his and her tongue invaded his mouth. He responded in kind. She rolled until he was on top. She felt him rise to the occasion against her thigh. She gasped in pleasure. She grew hot with passion. She dripped in anticipation. The head of his penis was just about to slip within when suddenly Zivan was flung back into the water about thirty yards.
“No, Zivan,” Sadows screamed and tried to reach out to him.
There were four of them. Men. Vampires. Vultures in her mind. One of them smiled.
“Lovers out and about. We want to have some fun, babe. I bet you taste like honey too,” he mocked. She was surrounded. She stood. The vampire that spoke shook his head as he raised a finger. “Oh no, please lie back down. We are going to fuck you before we drain…” the words stopped there as she took his head clean off with a single swipe out her clawed hand. One of the vamps’ bit her from behind and drank. She pushed him off. “Not without my permission,” she spat her words in bitter contempt.
Her movements were fast, too fast for them to follow. Her razor-sharp claws formed on her other hand, and she gutted a vamp from pelvis to sternum. He fell in a splatter of gore and blood. Then she had the heart of the other in her hand. She held it up to the last vampire to see as it gave its last pumps of life and he became a dried husk upon the crimson coated sandy beach. The vampire that bit her screamed and clawed at himself as he melted to be nothing but slag. Sadows stood very still amongst the carnage she had just wrecked. Her head down. Shame filled her to the core. Zivan had witnessed it all. He walked back to the beach in shock. She spoke the truth. She had never lied to him he realized. He could not see her face for her crimson black hair covered those features of hers.
Tears streamed down her cheeks. Her sobs heaved her nude form. She was still a vision of beauty even while covered in bloody remains. Zivan was a little frightened but he was not going to let fear guide him. He was too involved in his attraction to her to back away now. This connection had to mean something.
Sadows flinched away at first when he reached out to her.
“Do you really still want to be involved with a monster like me?” She asked heart broken. She thought that she was no better than the rest of the vampires that she had just eliminated.
Zivan clenched both of his fists and teeth. He was no longer afraid. There was a connection to her. He felt it the very moment he met her all those days ago.
“You are not a monster Sadows!” He grabbed her and she looked at the sincerity in his handsome features. Tears welled in his eyes. “I’m in love with you. Nothing is going to change that. You have no idea how grateful I am that you saved my life. It only means that I get to spend more time with you,” he kissed her, and she melted in his arms. Her emotions were in turmoil but… she felt whole in his embrace, with his tender lips upon hers.
Vampires were real! Soon the two love birds would have so much more to talk and experience. For this was only the beginning of their adventures. The fate of two races lay in their hands.

How We First Met

They had left the beach and found a hotel. An awfully expensive one. Sadows watched Zivan sleep as she always did. She never grew tired of it. She wanted to do things to him in his sleep but… it may be considered rape in the eyes of the human laws. But to her it was having fun with the one you loved. There is that word… love. A word that had no meaning to her at all until recent events. Her heart swelled at the very thought of Zivan. If they did not manage to fuck like animals soon, she would end up ravaging him in his sleep one day.
Her thoughts went back to the day she first saw him. How he interacted with people. She felt jealousy over how girls threw themselves at him. Their scents reeked with sex. If human men had a sense of smell to pick up on that, they would be a walking hardon. Their hormones were already out of wack as it is. If they could smell horny pheromones, there would be a planet of horny stallions everywhere. When it came to horses, they were able to breed many a mare a day. Talk about your true studs.
Sadows was bold and walked right to him. She introduced herself and he in turn did the same. The way he looked at her was like no other man has ever. It was not to say that he did not notice her fine assets, because he did. He admired her not lusted after her. He was respectful not leering. He never once added some lame pick up line to try and get laid. At first, she almost wanted him to, just so she could have him right then and there. She was that attracted to him. But… later she got to know him better. Not only did she want to fuck his brains out, she wanted him as a boyfriend. She sensed a kindred spirit. She could tell he liked her but at the same time, weary of her.
They talked and she learned from him. He was interesting, his view of the world and what he wanted to do in life. Free spirited. Genuine! He also took an interest in what she had to say. He was gripped by her words. His scent drove her mad. He had a musky scent that thrilled her. It was heightened by the smell of his leather jacket.
They soon began to dance together on the dance floor of the club. She watched him, how he moved. His sensual hips moved and all she could ever think about since then was to have those hips driving into her continuously.
Lying beside Zivan now with her memories made her squeeze her legs together.
“Oh, Zivan. I love you,” she whispered in his ear and kissed his cheek. Soon he would awaken, and they would be off to who cared where. She smiled. It really did not matter as, long as they were together. They had an awful lot to talk about now that the bat was out of the bag. She stifled a giggle.
Her thoughts went back to the time of dancing with Zivan. She closed her eyes and her hand trailed to her pelvis. She rubbed herself and moaned. As this happened her thoughts trailed back when she flirted with him and his smile ignited a fire in her.
Later that night she kissed his cheek and looked back at him when she walked away, and he watched in return. Hook line and sinker. She bit her lip and smiled while his eyes never left her.
Another girl tried to talk to him, but he ignored her. She touched his chin to get his attention. It was brief and he apologized. He then walked away. The girl narrowed her eyes then looked to her and sneered. The girl then smiled and went after him. Sadows followed in an instant. The bitch was a vampire and she planned on feeding on Zivan.
The girl followed Zivan down an alley and that is when Sadows ambushed her. Killed the vamp slut and that is what started the Blood Coven to be on her trail. She had killed someone apart of their ranks. Sadows did not give two shits about it. She hated the Coven and all they stood for.
So, because of her actions a hunter and a vesta hound were sent after her. The hound was the only creature that knew her scent but…now had perished by her hand.
Speaking of her hand she stopped a moment in her fun. Zivan groaned deeply in his sleep. She wondered at first if he was having a nightmare. He kept moaning her name over and over. Then she realized that he was having an erotic dream about her. She grew excited. She removed the covers, and his hardness was bare for her eyes. She smiled and licked her lips. This turned her on and her pleasure grew so much. She panted heavily. Zivan groaned her name again and exploded everywhere. He turned over toward her and squirted all over her breasts and thighs. She climaxed right then and there. There was so much of it. Was he that pent up? She smiled mischievously. She gripped his still hard penis gently and licked the tip for a taste. Her eyes went to the back of her head. He tasted so sweet. She liked very much. She now wished she had taken him all in her mouth. She was sure she could handle it. At least have fun trying. She flopped back down on the bed. She did not know if she could wait.
His eyes fluttered open, then went wide as he realized what had happened. He looked about and groaned in embarrassment.
“I’m so sorry, Sadows,” he exasperated.
“Oh, don’t be. I quite enjoyed it. Made me have an orgasm,” she said looking at him passionately. He eyed her strangely.
“Really?” He asked.
“Yes!” She replied by kissing his lips. “I still yearn to have you inside me and I think the longer we wait the sweeter it will be. Wait until we can’t wait no longer and just ravage each other,” she breathed and licked his lips.
“Agreed!” He stated. He had a feeling he would not be able to last long at all. She gripped his hands and pulled him out of bed.
“Shower time,” she said. Zivan chuckled and gladly followed her into the bathroom. They washed up and soon dressed. Then off to another adventure on Zivan’s bike as they again throttled their way down the roadside.
Hot Club

Still in the city of L.A. at a night club no less. They danced the night away. The night before forgotten for the time being. Zivan had not asked about anything… yet. He only said that there would be plenty of time later to get to know one another more, to deepen their relationship.
She was fucking stoked about it. They were in a relationship. They agreed that they were now boyfriend and girlfriend. This made her extremely happy and her worries floated away to dissipate like mist.
She bumped and grinded against Zivan. He in turn held her close and his hands explored her shapely frame. All the petting and kissing made her flaming hot and wet in her loins that she was on the verge of losing control and raping him on the dance floor. He knew it too. His smile said many nasty things. His eyes devoured her the softness in them told her he was one day going to treat her right. She wanted to explode with pleasure right then and there. She kissed him hard, deep, then tenderly. She rubbed his crotch to feel him grow. She was tempted too make him Cum in his pants. That be a turn on for her.
She turned and led him by the hand to the bar to get a drink. Sadows raised two fingers and asked for Cokes. The bartender, a pretty woman with tattoos all over her body. Her raven mane tied back revealing the shaved sides of her inked head. Her blue eye lined orbs narrowed. Her black lips spoke.
“We don’t deal with your kind her,” she adamantly snarled. Sadows smiled grimly. Zivan intervened. “What does that mean, ‘Your kind’? Zivan looked angry. Sadows was proud of him for coming to her defence. She leaned on the counter.
“You heard him. Why?” Sadows smirked. The bartender looked to Zivan. “You must leave now,” the bartender stressed.
“Yeah, your thrall doesn’t work on me,” Zivan said smugly. Sadows leaned her hands on his shoulder.
“See! He’s my boyfriend.” The bartender seemed confused. “He knows I’m a vampire, just like you,” Sadows grinned and showed her fangs. The bartender leaned in close. “We don’t drink humans here, understand.” She understood. She hated drinking blood anyway and she let it be known.
“I don’t need to drink blood anyway,” she said with a wave of a hand. Zivan asked for their drinks. The bartender pointed up to a set of stairs. At the top stood the old woman who had freed him in the sewers. He went to Sadows and cupped his hand around her ear. He told her and she looked up.
“Looks like we have been summoned,” she said drily. They went upstairs to a large room. It was sound proofed. The old woman sat behind an antique desk made of mahogany. Its surface was polished to a reflective shine. Two large figures stood behind them blocking the door. Sadows suddenly knew where she had smelt their scents in the sewers. She looked to the old woman who eyed her in recognition. The old woman smiled knowingly. She motioned for them to sit. Zivan sat thoughtfully. Sadows remained standing.
“My thanks for saving Zivan,” Sadows suddenly spoke. The old woman’s smile broadened.
“You are welcome, my child. Please, have a seat. No one shall bring harm to you here,” the old woman assured her.
“Like they could anyway!” Sadows stated. The old woman smiled again. “Indeed!” She mused. “Well, Sadows,” the old woman lifted her hand for silence and continued, “we have been cleaning up your messes lately.” She paused for effect.
“You are an elder. Apart of the Blood Coven.” Sadows was not impressed as she crossed her arms.
“Very good child, but do you know who I am?” The old woman asked. The girl vampire shook her head. She did not care in the least. She could only think of getting Zivan out alive. The old woman looked to Zivan and smiled.
“He is quite handsome. He even makes my heart flutter. If I was a few thousand years younger,” she chuckled. Zivan absorbed all of this. He was surprised in the least. Existence in vampires and wondered if werewolves or zombies were true. What would he say to his sister Zoe? ‘Hey sis vampires are real. Monsters that go bump in the night’. That would go over well. He would surely be the freak of the family then.
“There are a select few of us who do not agree with the high houses about the blood letting of humans and drink any blood but humans. I have a distaste for it myself,” the old woman continued to speak. “I was one of the first to not drink their blood. I may be a part of the council but in no way aligned with them bastards,” the old woman spat. Sadows listened half heartedly. She kept her eye on the two bodyguards. They were imposing and large as hell. They wore masks. They did not smell like a vampire. They were different. Not human. Something else. They smelled like ferocity and primal rage. She studied them intently. She could not help but feel that there was something familiar about them. Her attention was drawn back to the old woman as she spoke, “…so, have the two of you had sex yet?” Sadows narrowed her eyes and they turned red. The two bodyguards stirred but made no move to attack in anyway. The old woman smiled. She then reached into a drawer in her desk. She pulled out an old piece of paper… no parchment! She slid it across her desk. Zivan looked at it. It was in a language he had never seen before. Sadows took an interest right away.
“This will lead you on your journey child. Find the vampire queen if she still exists. She was to bring great change to our race. Alias, some kind, of cataclysm happened, and she disappeared. Or died, we know not. There may just be a chance that she is still around, perhaps trapped,” the old woman took a breath before she continued, “solve this puzzle child. I have discovered that you have been looking into this for quite some time now,” the old woman smiled. Sadows picked up the parchment carefully. She looked at the old woman.
“Why us?” Sadows asked.
“That is easy. He is human and will not be suspect and you… two reasons. First you have been looking for the queen and second you can walk in daylight were no other vampire has been able to do so, ever. Good enough reasoning for you?” The old woman smiled knowingly.
Sadows trusted the old woman for some reason that she could not explain. She would take this information and continue her search. She eyed Zivan.
“Oh, I’m in. No worries,” he said excitedly. Sadows beamed. There was no one else in the world that she would rather share this experience with.
The old woman stood up with cane in hand.
“Time for you to leave and make sure to give my bartender the worse look possible. In case someone suspects. Everyone is watched,” she said drily. “By the way children. Get to fucking soon,” the old woman smiled and showed her fangs. Sadows and Zivan laughed. They left and went down the stairs as if they were in trouble. Sadows gave her best seething look at the bartender. Who smiled like they were proud to be rid of trash out of her bar?
As for the old woman she knew if anyone tried to follow them, they would be eliminated.
Sadows and Zivan went outside and were watched. A man in an overcoat had an earpiece and spoke quietly.
“Seems like two more just got booted out of her club again.”
“Follow them to make sure,” a voice on the other end ordered.
“Copy that.” He proceeded to follow them.
The Talk

Zivan’s dad returned home. As for his mom, she was still somewhere in Europe with an investigation. Time to have a little chat with his daughter. He called out for her. She answered. She came down the stairs.
“Welcome home Pops,” she greeted, “did you talk to Zivan?”
“Yes, and his little fling too. Pretty girl. Not a vampire. If she were, she would have been a crispy critter while we talked,” he said as he went into the refrigerator to grab some milk.
“Dad, I touched her. Saw her fangs. She asked me not the tell Zivan. She said something about being able to walk in sunlight as weird as that was,” she stressed.
“I followed them to Seattle, and she did not make a move on him. Vamps need nightly blood, and she has not had any and she would have burned up. I don’t know what to tell you Zoe,” he finished. He was done with this talk about his son and the girl. When Zivan was done with his fun time with the girl he would return home.
“I overheard her say something about New Orleans when I came outside before they took off. Let me go there and wait for them and I will bring you proof,” his daughter begged. He thought about it for a moment.
“Fine! Go.” He approved. “Then we can put all this nonsense behind us.” He walked away up the stairs. He was tired and wanted to shower.
After his shower he laid down and slept awhile, during that time his daughter made ready to fly out to New Orleans. She did not say goodbye to her father. She just left. She had a job to do and do it she shall. She was going to save her brother from that vamp whore.
Zoe had no problems with murdering vampires. They were a scourge upon humanity. They were an infection that had to be purged.
She was on her way to meet with her brother and vamp slut. God! She hoped he had not been turned. She’d hate to kill her own brother. Please Zivan be safe.

Research

They were in the Los Angeles Central Library trying to find any information on the parchment that was in their possession. They had a whole stack of books on a table. They had myths and legends, the occult, the bible, and some other historical books on Egypt. They even checked books on faerie folk. Anything they could think of. The most useless of the material they looked through happened to be about vampires. Most of the nonsense was about finding fresh bodies in graves that were put to the wooden stake. So much lore that came up as rubbish, garbage.
Her and Zivan have been here since the library opened and they would be here until it closed. They went through thousands of pages of material and nothing relating to anything in the parchment at all.
Sadows slammed closed a book and it echoed throughout the room. This was grating on her nerves already. She glanced at Zivan as he too shut closed his volume and slid it away from him. He shook his head. Nothing. She gave a long sigh and stretched her limbs. What now? There had to be something here. She could feel it in her bones.
She wanted to take Zivan here and now, in this library. She did not care where they made love… love, not sex! Her body flamed. She grew hot inside with passion. He looked so good stretched back over the chair. She got up and went over to him, then sat in his lap with her arms draped around him. His eyes went wide in awe.
“Wow!” He breathed, “Your eyes are magnificent!” His whisper turned into a slow tender kiss. Her lips were satin and moist. He wanted to drown in her liquid blood orbs. It haunted him how much he desired her. He would do anything for her.
Sadows moaned softly under his lips. She loved those full lips of his. She wanted him to devour her with them. She did not wear panties under her plaid kilt. She rubbed up against him. She was so wet and knew the crotch of his pants would be soaked from her. His hard penis pressed against her and she would climax very soon. He felt so good pressed to her vagina. She was getting closer…
Someone cleared their throat. “This is library not a brothel,” the lady from the front desk spoke. She was annoyed to no end.
Sadows hid her head in Zivan shoulder.
“Sorry,” she said through gritted teeth. She was frustrated to no end. Fucking interruptions. “We were just going to put everything away and leave now,” Sadows moved away embarrassed. Zivan was flushed in embarrassment also. He stood and they started to walk around the library putting the books back on the shelves. They took the elevator to the bottom level to return all the historical books. Then came back up to the third level to put away the last of the books. It was kind of funny that they had even researched Bram Stoker’s book Dracula.
Sadows was so absorbed in her thoughts. She knew Zivan wanted to be with her, but something held him back. It bothered her. What was he struggling with? Did he even know? Her senses were running in all directions. Something stirred deep inside her and needed release. It wanted Zivan. A small part of her was frightened by this. What if, in the throes of passion she drank from him and killed him. Or worse turned him. She could not handle that. Tears welled in her eyes to the point where she could not control her emotions. She sat in the middle of the aisle and sobbed.
Suddenly Zivan was there and held her in his arms. He did not say a word. Just held her. Let her work it out. She hung on to him like her life depended on it. It was not that she was losing her independence, it was she had gained something wonderful and true and was deathly afraid of losing the best moments of her existence.
She gazed ever so deeply into Zivan’s eyes, his concern, his love. He loved her. She could see it. She saw something strange. As if she could see and feel their souls entwining. An energy engulfed them. He felt too. They were their everything to each other. Her crimson eyes flared briefly then they both snapped out of it like a dream.
“What was that?” Zivan asked.
“I… I don’t know.”
“But it was wonderful!” They said in unison. They took a moment just to gaze at one another. They smiled and walked back to the table hand in hand to finish putting away books.
They did finish putting all the books away and there were still so much more to do here. This library was huge. Escalators went up four storeys and down four storeys, the building had been even taller than that with its tower. It was time to do more exploring.
Sadows just wanted to explore Zivan. Goodness get the naughty thoughts out girl! She smiled to herself. There would be plenty of time if there were no more interruptions. Like ever.
She pushed Zivan against the wall. Kissed him. Bit his lip and tasted the drop of blood there.
“I need you inside me Zivan. I need you now,” she begged.
“We can’t here Sadows,” he pointed out the obvious.
“I said, I am in fucking need of you, now,” she growled and gripped his arms. Zivan winced in pain. Sadows backed away in shock with her hands over her mouth.
“I’m so sorry Zivan. oh, no I…didn’t mean to…forgive me,” she cried and ran off in tears.
“Wait, Sadows don’t go. It’s alright,” he lowered his voice. “I’m alright!”
What the fuck just happened? He thought. They were making out in the Literature and Fiction level of the library then she freaked out. He had to go after her, but damn she jumped down three storeys and was gone. Zivan leaned back against the wall and slid down to sit. Would she come back? He had no idea where to look for her.
He stood back up. He had made, a decision. He would continue to look for what they were looking for. Whatever that was. He walked up to the topmost level. There were so many rooms and windows all the way up. Catwalks went from either side of the building. Exploring the massive library would have been more fun with Sadows. Zivan mulled over his thoughts until he managed to get to the door that led into the tower or the cupola as it was called in the library. He really wanted to see what was up there. Wait! The door just so happened to be ajar. Was it like that before? He could not remember. He had been so lost in his thoughts that he was unsure. Who gives a damn! He had to make Sadows happy again. He looked about quickly. He did not see anyone around and went in.

Her Pain
She had run out of the library in tears. She could not believe what she had done to Zivan. She ran and ran. She ended up in an alley near a dumpster. She cried until she was able to wipe her tears away.
“Ah! Poor little girl. Do you need help?” A female voice spoke. Sadows still had her head in her arms.
“Go away!” Her voice muffled out. She did not bother to look up.
“Well then, I guess you don’t give two shits about your boy that’s in the cupola of the library. He is so close to finding what you’re looking for… Sadows.” The vampire lifted her head up and was on her feet in an instant. She eyed the girl before her. She did not smell right. She was not human or vampire. There was an air of darkness about her. Malevolence.
“What do you want?” Sadows eyes went red. The other girl smiled.
“I haven’t seen eyes like that before. I haven’t seen strange coloured eyes in such a long time.” Sadows was taken aback. What the hell was that suppose to mean? Sadows was in no mood for people’s shit today. Whatever this thing was. She would kill it.
“Maybe you can beat me to your boyfriend. I have an offer he can’t refuse,” the girl laughed and backed away into the shadows. Sadows lunged for her but she was gone. Where the hell…
Zivan! She had to get back to him. She ran back to the library. She ran past people that hardly could keep up with acknowledging how fast she moved.
Inside the library she was careless enough to jump to each storey. She found where the door to the tower led. The door was ajar, and she went in without a care. She went up more stairs in a large old room that was the size of a basketball court. It had five long vertical windows. The first level was the narrow staircase. She climbed the other two levels on the straight ladders bolted into the concrete walls. Here the ceiling was lower than six feet. She looked around saw four doors, one at each end. The balcony was narrow, and she saw machinery and scaffolding. The machinery had to be for the elevators and maybe the chandelier in the rotunda. But how the hell do you get into the pyramid like room? As if to answer her question, there was the sound of grinding stone and a secret little passage opened in the corner of the wall. Sadows went up the narrow stairwell.
There was Zivan with her. That girl who mocked her with veiled threats. She walked around him with her fingers touching, feeling. She smelt sex and bared her fangs in a deep throated growl. Sadows eyes remained red pools of blood and she planned on spilling this bitch’s blood here and now.
The girl paused and looked at Sadows and smiled with a grin full of serrated teeth.
“Welcome back little vampire. I was just talking to this handsome delicious boy. He really is a turn on. Don’t you agree?” The girl said heatedly and grabbed Zivan by the crotch. She nibbled his ear.
“Get off,” he said annoyed and tried to move away.
“Stay!” It was a growled command. “Or I gut you, and we don’t want that do we,” she breathed in his scent. Sadows was very still as she saw a clawed hand near Zivan’s belly. The girl looked to Sadows her eyes were black and she blew her a kiss. Sadows eyes never left her. She now knew what the bitch was. A fucking demon. This was an exceedingly rare creature, and they were all but extinct.
“Zivan,” she whispered, “I’m so sorry.” Tears welled in Sadows’ eyes. Zivan smiled.
“I love you,” he said and winked, “nothing will change that.” He was so brave right now even though he was scared out of his mind right now.
“Oh, how sweet,” the demon mocked as her tongue lulled out and licked Zivan’s cheek. It was long and black. It left a sticky goo. Zivan cringed in disgust.
“Let’s make a deal, shall we,” her clawed hand went to Zivan’s groin. The demon moaned softly. “I bet he gets really nice and hard for you, doesn’t he? He smells divine!” The demon closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Sadows had a hard time containing herself. Her fury was so heated inside her she thought she would combust into flames. Her eyes said many dangerous things. They boiled. No joke steam rose from her eyes. The demon laughed.
“You better settle down or the love of your life will lose his family jewels.” There was a viciously happy tone to the demon’s voice. Sadows tensed her body and tried to calm herself. She could not bear to see Zivan in such a state. The demon. Her filthy hands all over him sickened her. When the chance came about, she would rend the demon to pieces. She opened her eyes.
“I will give you what you came for and you will give me something in return,” the demon’s eyes went back to being human. She waited for Sadows to respond.
“What would that be?” Sadows grated out. The demon smiled and laughed.
“So glad you asked. You will love this. What I want is Zivan here,” Sadows eyes went wide. Time stopped. A buzzing sound rang in her ears. Her focus sharpened on the demon.
“Oh, don’t get me wrong I don’t want to keep him. I just want him for maybe an hour to fuck me and impregnate me,” the demon eyes went black again, “I just want a little taste, that’s all.”
This vile creature wanted Zivan’s baby. She was going to die a horrible death.
“Go fuck yourself,” Sadows said. Her voice a low growl.
“Don’t try it. I will gut your boy if you come any closer,” the demon threatened. The demon just barely moved out of the way. Slash marks went across her one breast as Sadows lashed out.
“I’m going to fucking kill you, cunt,” Sadows screamed in rage. She lashed again but the demon slashed back. Zivan ran for the door as Sadows yelled for him to run. He bolted out the door.
The demon clawed into Sadows side and tore out gouts of blood and flesh. The vampire fell. Then was back on her feet again. The demon grinned. The grin soon disappeared as Sadows side healed with incredible speed.
“Oh, shit,” the demon rasped. Sadows leaped upon the demon and sunk her fangs in her neck. The demon roared.
“No! Get off me,” the demon screeched. Sadows drank and drank. The demon became weaker. Sadows stopped and stood over the demon.
“I’m going to rend you to pieces bitch. No one will ever hurt my Zivan again, nobody, you hear me,” Sadows voice became louder with every word until she was screaming. Her breathing was heavy.“Zivan,” she whined. He walked back into the room.
“I’m here,” he said. She could not bare how he may be looking at her right now. Then a comfort soothed her as his arms gently went around her.
“I’m here for you Sadows,” he breathed on her as his lips pressed against the back of her neck. She broke into tears, turned to face him.
“I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to hurt you,” she cried.
“I know and it’s alright,” he kissed her. She wiped her tears away. Placed her hand on his cheek.
“I will never do anything like that again to you,” she promised.
She turned back to the demon and knelt. “Where is it?”
The demon reached into her blouse and took out an amulet.
“Take it. You have earned it. She said you would come to free the Blood Queen,” the demon coughed.
“Who told you this?” Sadows asked.
“The old woman,” the demon winced. Sadows was surprised. What the hell was going on?
“The old woman with a cane and two bodyguards?” Sadows asked. The demon nodded.
“Yes, that old hag,” she confirmed and pointed a finger at the vampire, “she also kicked my ass.”
“Sounds like an interesting story,” Zivan put in. “She must have beat you with her cane,” Zivan said drily. The demon laughed.
“Lucky guess might as well have. That old bird is tough. For anyone to think they could take her would be dead wrong. As for the High Houses they will soon regret their folly,” the demon smiled. “Care to stay awhile to listen to my story? No worries I no longer wish to hurt anyone. My job is done, and I would like to live now,” the demon smiled weakly.
Sadows and Zivan looked to each other. Zivan shrugged his shoulders. Sadows narrowed her eyes. She did not know if she had it in her to let this monster live. After what happened with Zivan. The bitch still eyed Zivan with lustful intent. It infuriated her.
“Hey, Zivan you have a good woman I hope you realize that. She would go to the ends of the earth for you. Oh, and my name is Sitri, I’m a lust demon,” she offered her hand out. Sadows took it. Right then and there Sadows made her decision about the demon. Sitri would live. Strange that she would suddenly feel that way. There was loyalty in her, as odd as it seemed. Then she asked.
“How long have you been here?”

Sitri’s Story

“I’m going to bless you with my story,” Sitri did a good impersonation of the actor from the movie 31. Zivan seen it and said it was a great movie. Sadows liked the older ones she used to watch back in the 1920’s. To sit in those theatres back then was great.
“Stop looking at him that way or I will pluck out your eyes,” Sadows glared. Sitri grimaced and adverted her eyes elsewhere. She began her story and Sadows and Zivan listened intently. She told them how she just loved to sleep around and let men have their way with her. Sadows raised her brows and the demon admitted it was more like she had her way with them. But the sex was fun, and she had a ton of gang bangs. More men the better in her mind. Sitri believed it was alright to slut around. Why not? She was after all a lust demon. She has not killed too many people in her long life. She hated rape a vile act unless it was brought upon her. Sadows and Zivan looked at one another like the demon was a total nut job. Zivan suggested she had weird fetishes. They all laughed at the comment.
It was back when they were first building the library when the old woman confronted her. She asked if she would guard something for her. Well Sitri made the mistake of challenging the hag thinking it be an easy fight, her being a vampire and all. Only elders gave some sort of challenge and even they were not that strong. But the old hag was far different. She was fast like Sadows. Yes, the cane hit and hurt a lot. She would be in front then in back to strike.
“She kicked my ass and with less blood letting than you, girl. Then she handed me the amulet after I agreed to guard it, until your arrival it seems,” she waved her hand. “I’ve heard of the vampire queen, but I believe she is more than that. Over the thousands of years there was talk of how she destroyed some of the most powerful demons.
“A while back in 1986, a group of vamps came here. I guess they were looking for that amulet. I fought them off and one of them was hit by sunlight and well that was what started the fire. The library burned good. Man, I was pissed. To this day I don’t think they were looking for your queen. Anyway, it was said she had an ally named Fafnir, a werewolf.”
“Wait. Werewolves exist?” Zivan asked. The demon chuckled.
“Oh, yeah. They are fucking deadly too. Tear vamps to shreds. Seen them at work a few times. One wolf can fuck up a group of vamps. Now get a pack of them and they can kill entire covens,” Sitri stressed. “You be careful Sadows. Hate to see your sweet ass get shredded,” Sitri grinned. Sadows raised her brows. She wondered if the demon was flirting with her.
 Sitri was flirting with her she was a lust demon after all. She watched Sadows and Zivan. How they constantly touched one another. Their looks back and forth. The demon even smelled their sex pheromones and it made her want to fuck like a voracious animal or the demon that she was. She wanted to be in between that sandwich.
“So, are you two going to fuck anytime soon?” Sitri asked with lustful hope in her eyes. They both looked at Sitri. Zivan had red cheeks. Damn he was cute when he blushed. Sadows eyes were red in warning and Sitri rolled her eyes, laid down.
“A girl has to try,” Sitri chuckled. “You are welcome to stay the night. I’m going to sleep and have me a sex dream,” Sitri rolled over with a smile. She lowered her hand inside her pants and rubbed her clit. She grew aroused but as she did her scent swept about the room. Soon she would see what would happen between the two love birds.
Sadows and Zivan held each other close. Sadows smelt the demon’s sex. Knew that she was masturbating. Zivan groaned in his sleep. It was affecting him too. Sadows turned to the lust demon.
“Sitri, please stop. I don’t wish to rape him. He isn’t ready yet and… I don’t think I am either,” she sounded sad. Sitri stiffened. A deep sigh was released.
“Alright. I’m sorry Sadows,” Sitri felt ashamed. She turned over to look at the vampire girl. “You really love him?” Sitri asked. Sadows nodded and replied “Yes,” she chocked out and turned away. “Goodnight Sitri,”
“Night Sadows. May your dreams be filled with him in them,” Sitri closed her eyes and soon slept. Sadows laid there with her thoughts in turmoil. She never wanted to stop touching Zivan. she yawned and for the first time in her memory her eyes closed, and she fell asleep.


Awaken

She coughed and clawed her way to the surface. She was suffocating under all this rubble. Panic stirred her into action. Blood covered her just as the dust and debris did. She broke through and gasped fresh air into her lungs. She looked around in a dark chamber of sorts. Her eyes allowed her to see where there was no light.
She crawled out sore and frail. Pain racked her body. She cried out. She had no idea where she was. She had no memory of being in this place or how she had gotten here. Where was she anyway? Her wounds slowly closed, healed some how.
This place was destroyed. There was no way she could have done this. Besides, it looks to have been abandoned for a long while. So, she thought anyway. She was in a bad place it seemed. She looked about. She had to find a way out. She looked up. There were holes spotted in the cavern walls. Could she climb up there? She had to try. She walked to the wall. Stretched her limbs that were now fully healed. Then she proceeded to climb. Claws dug in and she was surprised by this. She continued her accent. It was quite easy really. Up she went as high as the cavern would allow. She went inside the highest hole.
She sniffed the air. Seemed alright. An echo. There was a noise below. She looked down. There were people down there now, in the darkness. From up here she could only make out vague shapes. So, she listened.
“Find your mistress,” a woman commanded in a gravelly voice. Two huge figures moved about. They dug into the rubble and moved large stones. They were strong creatures. They had wings. This made her nervous and she moved further back into the shadows of the cave.
There was a spark and a torch lit. Fire. She eyed the flames, pretty. There was an old woman who held the torch. She walked to other torches and lit as many as she could find.
She could see the other creatures better now. They were vicious looking beasts. Large well muscled. Wings that had folded about them like a cloak. They had horns that sprouted out of their heads.
“We must find her,” the old woman said urgently. “Our futures depend on it.”
She wondered mildly what the old woman meant by that. Was she talking about her or someone else? She no longer wanted to stick around to find out. She left and went down the tunnel to find a way out of there. She traveled the tunnels for what seemed like an awfully long time. She was lost. She had no idea how to navigate the labyrinth. Stupid! Why did she not wait and follow the old woman and her monsters out. Surely, they knew the way.
She had no idea how to get back to that chamber. It was so frustrating. She just continued her way on as lost as she was. She would end up somewhere eventually. She traipsed on in the darkness. The caverns were cool. The walls were smooth to the touch. She turned a corner and there was light. She ran to it. There was an exit to fresh clean air. She looked out at the bright sunny landscape. It was wonderful. The sun was warm upon her pale skin.
She was in a mountain range with deep forested valleys. There were green trees everywhere. White fluffy clouds dotted the horizon in the distance. It was a spectacular sight to behold.
Sights and sounds filled her senses. She reveled in them let them take her away from this dark and gloomy place. She heard the chirps of birds. Their chorus was soothing. She could smell such a variety of animals out in the wilderness.
This was how she would live! Wild. Untamed. Free. Then she jumped from the mountain.

Voices!
Calling out her name.
“Has this ever happened before when she has slept?” Sitri asked.
“She has never been to sleep before,” Zivan replied
“You've got to be kidding me,” Sitri became exasperated. Zivan held Sadows in his arms.
“Sadows wake up,” Zivan urged. Slowly her eyes began to flicker until they opened, and she shot straight up in a sitting position.
“I just had a memory,” Sadows spewed her words out. Zivan and Sitri looked at one another.
“A memory of what?” They said together. Zivan gave Sitri an odd look but Sitri smiled then winked. Zivan was thankful that Sadows did not notice the exchange or there would be hell to pay.
“I was inside a mountain somewhere and I made it out… the old woman was there with two monsters. They had wings,” Sadows explained.
“Oh, give up the juicy details,” the lust demon cooed.
“That’s all I remember,” Sadows revealed.
“Oh, bummer!” Sitri sighed.
“You alright?” Zivan was concerned. “You fell asleep. I thought you never slept?”
“I don’t…” she mused. “So, I had a dream then? I was sure I had a memory. It felt so real.” She looked at Zivan then ravaged his mouth with her rose bud lips. “Thank you for being here with me,” she whispered.
“Where else would I ever be but by your side!” He assured her. She bit her lip.
“We really need to ravage one another sometime soon,” she made it a promise. Zivan grinned. Sitri rolled her eyes.
“Get a room already,” Sitri said with a chuckle. “So, what you all want to do today?” Zivan and Sadows just looked at each other perplexed.

A Day at The Beach

Here they are, at the beach. Zivan laid in Sadows’ lap and she stroked his hair. She liked being in the sand and sun with Zivan. She was grateful that she was no normal vampire. She always remembered having a lust for life, but not really a sex drive. She flirted in the past and seduced men for money, booze, or to get whatever else she wanted. She never hurt anyone unless they tried to hurt her of course.
As for her being horny all the time. That started the day she laid eyes on Zivan for the first time. A twinge tingled her loins and it only got worse as she spent more time around him. It got better when she was not around him. She did not feel it right now. She did not know whether to feel cool with that or regret. She would just live with it. Enjoy the calmness. A day at the beach with Zivan.
Zivan seemed to doze with a smile on his dark features. His golden olive brown skin glistened in the sun’s rays. He was so beautiful. To even think about him made her heart flutter. She smiled upon him.
Their revelry was interrupted by Sitri giving her a hug that startled the shit out of her.
“Isn’t this great? At the beach, in the sun for some fun,” she was excited and kissed Sadows’ cheek. She then walked around to face the couple. She laughed at the surprised looks on their faces.
“Come on. Have some fun, Yoh! As for me I’m going to snag that ebony muscled sculped god of a man right over there.” She was gone on her little lustful hunt.
Zivan laughed and laid back into Sadows’ lap. Sadows could not help but smile, and to think her and the demon tried to kill one another just the night before. She let out a sigh. She watched Sitri flirt with her intended victim. They went into the water splashing and carrying on. He later picked her up threw her up in the air and she landed screaming in glee.
Who would have thought of a demon having such fun, she thought!
“Zivan,” she spoke.
“Yes, I will go in the water with you,” Zivan suddenly spoke out. It was like he read her mind. She was just about to ask him that very thing. She smiled with a glint in her eye.
“Good, let’s go play,” she beamed happily. They ran in and then dove under. They always touched and caressed. They swam and dove under water pulled on each other’s suits down. Laughter and joy filled their hearts.
They laughed together when watching Sitri get it on with her new Bo. Sitri had her bikini top moved to the sides to allow her exceptionally large breasts to hang out. The man she was with had his face buried in between them. Her head was throwing back in pleasure with a gapping wide smile. She had no shame and let it be known she was having sex. He did not seem to mind either.
There were other people in the water doing just that but were a little more discrete about it. Sadows wanted to be doing the same thing with Zivan but she knew they both were not ready yet. They had to sort out their emotional turmoil first. They would wait. She could do this. She believed she could do anything for him just as he would for her. The way he looked at her. He wanted to be apart of her. Body and soul.
Zivan could not keep his hands of her. Her skin was smoother than silk. He had to admit she became sexier when he found out she was a vampire. Even better that they could hang out in the sun no less. She excited him.  He did struggle with what she was. He was nervous before even more so knowing what she was. He had these feelings to deal with and he wanted them to be true he had to make sure they were.
Her rosebud lips were sensual and full. Perfect kissing lips. His eye lids lowered as he leaned in and kissed her mouth. Her responsiveness was of an eager tigress that lashed out her tongue like a wildcat would its claws. She was all consuming and her soft moans of desire ignited a fire deep inside him.
“We may not be having sex yet, but I can please in other ways,” his hot breath whispered. His fingers moved aside her bikini bottom and slipped two of them within. Her elated moan enticed his ears. Her hand was soon pulling him out of his swim trunks. She stroked him slowly and place the tip of him against her clit. He groaned his passion. He bucked against her and he would have slipped inside her if not for his fingers being in the way. A part of him wanted to but not without a condom.
“Sadows,” he choked back tears in his eyes. She held him close as he shot out against her clit. She in turn had an orgasm from that and his fingers rubbed the nub of her g spot 
“It's alright my love,” she panted in his ear. “I will wait for as long as it takes,” she looked him straight in the eye. Her thumb brushed his lips. He kissed her thumb.
“I want to Sadows I really do but I want to make sure my feelings are real for you because I don't want to hurt you,” he was conflicted. She was immortal and he was not. What would happen when the day came, he was gone, and she was left alone again. How would she feel? As of now her feelings were incredibly strong for him binding forever. He had a hard time dealing with that thought. Her eyes went wide. She knew she had to. Her reaction said as much. A single tear streamed down her cheek.
“Please, let's not think of such things,” she said and kissed him. Her lips soon evaporated those bad thoughts. All that remained was them. From now on she would do her best not to push him for sex. Just let it happen.

Surf’s Up

They went back to lounging in the sandy beach. They laid in each other’s arms. The calm once more in their hearts. Sand was scattered all over them as Sitri the lust demoness as it were, jumped on them. She shook her hair out and everyone was wet. Laughter erupted.
“You are so annoying,” Sadows said in good humour. This demon woman was growing on her.
“Even though we all can’t have sex, at least we can be friends, right?” She stressed her question.
“Yes!” Sadows stated evenly.
“Sounds cool to me,” Zivan replied.
“Good! It’s settled. I’m coming with you guys,” she revealed pleasantly. “But first I have a few fucks to ride and I will catch up to you guys later.” Her spunky attitude was infectious like Sadows’. She hung out on the beach with them awhile. They did not mind at all. She was behaving herself for once. Sitri just lounged on her elbows with her head back. Her chest thrust out to give her large breasts a bounce. Her black mane dragged in the sand. She turned over to show off her big round ass and hips. She made her eyes go black and smiled with serrated teeth and stuck out her tongue. Then her face went back to being human. She giggled.
“You could chew off a man’s privates with that dirty mouth of yours,” Sadows mentioned with sarcasm. Sitri feigned surprise while Zivan made an unpleasant noise. Guess that idea disagreed with him.
“I would never do that. Besides, a man’s penis must be cared for. Polished, and kissed. Sucked to perfection so he can Cum in your mouth. Can’t let all that juicy goodness go to waste, my dears,” she said seriously. She kicked her legs up in the air.
“Anyone want to go surfing?” Sitri suddenly asked. Sadows and Zivan looked at each other and agreed. Surfing it was.
Off they went. Got themselves surf boards and out into the waters they went to ride the waves. The demoness was an amazing surfer. Sadows fell so much in the water that she loved it when Zivan would crash next to her. He would yell ‘coming through, oh no’ and she would scream and laugh. Sadows would kiss Zivan every chance she got. He in turn did the same and embrace her. He had this fear of letting her go.
After some time had gone by, they had gotten better at riding the waves. The three newfound friends had enjoyed themselves immensely.
They came back on the beach dug their boards in the sand and fell to the ground laughing.
“That was awesome fellow peeps,” Sitri said breathing heavily and flopped in the sand. “The two of you learn quickly. Seems like you guys had more fun falling and jumping.” They all laughed.
“Some of those waves were great. That one just came out of nowhere and hit me from the side. What a wipeout,” Zivan said excitedly.
“My fav was when I jumped from my board on you,” Sadows said and buried her head in his chest laughing.
“Oh, that was so sweet. Splash-o-rama baby, in the drink you went,” Sitri made a whoop sound. She looked about. “You guys can go back to the library tower whenever. I on the other hand, is going to get me some loving,” she did a salute and left. Sadows watched her go. Such confidence and assurance the demoness had. She was also unbelievably beautiful and frankly quite surprised that Zivan was not swayed by her. She smiled to herself. They would be alone for a time.
She dreaded falling asleep again. She wondered if there was a purpose to it. She only accepted the old woman’s little mission because it was something she has been looking into for a while now. They were just rumours, at first, she had heard whisperings really. She had found possible evidence of the Vampire Queen’s existence. She believes she is out there somewhere. Especially if a hunter had tracked her with a vesta hound. That told her that she must be on the right track in finding out the truth.
There were so many things she wanted to share with Zivan. She cocked her at an angle. He was her anchor. She blinked at the realization. She was so wrapped up in her own needs for him that she missed it. He supported her. He was a foundation of strength and clarity. What was she to him? It dawned on her. She did support him. She was a catalyst for his emotions and to break him out of his control stupor. He had a wildness she wanted to explore. She had to be careful. He was tuff as hell, strong, but also delicate in his confusion. They were both lonely souls in need of love and companionship. She had to relax on her needs to ravage him. She had to sort out her own head and not rush into things and he needed to sort his feelings at his own pace in, order to believe in her. To trust her. She felt she could trust him fully, there was no doubt about that. She loved him for it and then some.
They both hung around the beach awhile longer before they headed back to the library. They snuck in up stairs. Zivan and Sadows browsed around the room. There were slotted windows all around, with shelving and drawers. Amazing how the outside tiles camouflaged these windows. The builder was a genius. Zivan opened a drawer. “Whoa!” He said in surprise. Sadows rushed over to look. She raised a brow and made a face.
“What are those?” she asked curiously.
“You don’t really want to know,” Zivan cringed and closed the drawer. He kind of did not want to keep searching around.
“I do want to know,” Sadows insisted. Zivan took a breath.
“They were toys,” he replied constricted.
“What kind of toys were those?” Sadows asked her face scrunched up. Zivan stopped a moment and thought. He smirked.
“The kind a lust demoness would use when she got lonely,” then he laughed.
“Oh! OH!” She came to the realization. She chuckled but thought why anyone would need toys for pleasure. Does that even work? She eyed Zivan.
“Oh no, you don’t,” he wagged his finger at her.
“Why not?” she said and shrugged a shoulder, “might be fun.” She smiled. They laughed together and then continued looking around. She looked at a volume. The book happened to be about demons. Sadows took it off the shelf, sat down and began to read. Zivan kept looking about. Examined some of the figurines and some old clocks. A mirror. It was small and old.
Take me! Zivan grabbed the mirror on impulse and put it in his jacket pocket. He then went and sat with Sadows. He kissed her cheek and put an arm around her.

The Book

As every night except the one she did fall sleep, she watched and caressed Zivan in his sleep. If she did not know any better, even she would have thought it was creepy to do so.
Zivan awoke to her smile. He smiled back and stretched. He gathered her in his arms and held her for awhile. She just wanted to enjoy his presence for a little while longer. She loved snuggle time.
Sitri was still out. She had not come back during the night. Having her fun, no doubt. They did not need to worry. She would be around at some point or another.
“What are we going to do today, Zivan?” Sadows asked.
“Not sure. We could see if there is anything on your amulet if you like,” he suggested.
“Okay, sounds good,” she spoke into his chest. She left his embrace which was regrettable. She stood held out her hand. Zivan took it and she helped him stand.
“Thank you, milady,” he said with a bow.
“You are very welcome, my good man,” She replied with a curtsy. She linked her arm within his and they went downstairs to the library. They browsed around so many books.
Sadows paused a moment to think. There had been a fire here in 86’. Sitri had mentioned it to them when she told her story.
“Zivan. we should see if there is a place here in the library where they may have stored the damaged books from the fire. Like maybe in the basement,” Sadows gleamed a smile with her fangs. Zivan shook his head and laughed. Sadows took his hand and they walked down the escalator.
“You could be right about this. If there are some old damaged books in good enough condition, we could possibly find info about that very amulet,” Zivan was growing excited.
“We will be a step closer to our goal of finding the Queen of Vampires or at least know who she is and if she still lives,” Sadows went on.
“Exactly!” Zivan pointed to her. He did a weird macho walk. Sadows laughed. Him having a sense of humour is a plus. She loved to laugh. They did not have a hard time finding out if there was a basement. Turns out there was one. Four levels no less. They went down to sub-level four and found a door at the far end of the History and Genealogy section. There was a cam trained on the door. Sadows smiled and eyed the camera. She winked and her and Zivan went in. They were both surprised the door was unlocked.
Inside there were many rooms down a long hallway, filled with materials. They found a large room with books. They were damaged books. There were also old books.
“Okay, then. These books I suspect are in an environmentally controlled room,” Zivan pointed to the seams of the glass encased rooms all about. There was no getting in these rooms without entering a code. Had to find out what the code was. Sadows looked over the keypad. Numbers. She poked at the buttons. 5-5-8-2-3-9. Beep! They were in.
“How did you do that?” Zivan asked in amazement.
“I don’t know, just felt like the thing to do,” she mused. “Just as I am able to mess up security cameras somehow.”
Sadows opened the door, waved her hand inward. “Milord,” She offered him to enter first.
“Why thank you, my love,” and he kissed the side of her lips. He went in and she followed. They stood a moment wondering as to were to start looking. Zivan shrugged his shoulders.
“Meh! You go that way and I’ll start over here,” he suggested. Off they went. At first Zivan just examined the spines in hope of finding the symbol of the amulet on a book. Course, that did not happen. He grabbed a volume and peeked over at Sadows as she was careful flipping through one of her own. She briefly looked over at him and he blew her a kiss. She blushed with a smile and went back to the pages. Zivan grinned and turned a page. Well this one seemed boring as hell with a history lesson on aerobic exercises from the 80’s.
He let out a sigh and went to the next book. At this rate it could take them days if not weeks to a month even to get through all the volumes. They kept at it.
Soon, it was late into the night and they were about to call it quits when Zivan saw a strange book. It was burnt badly and seemed to shimmer. He picked it up and like that right before his eyes the burned book became whole. It was a leather-bound book with amber liquid looking lettering. It was incredibly old. It had an indent that looked to need some sort of key to unlock it. Zivan called Sadows over. She rushed over and looked at it. She suggested they go back to the tower and see if Sitri has returned yet. Maybe she would know something of it.
They paused a moment and looked around, and briefly wondered what other precious treasures of knowledge may lie in waiting here.

The Key

Back in the tower or shall we say the pyramid like room. Sitri lounged on her belly with her legs in the air.  She was reading a book listening to music on a phone.
“Heya!” she said cheerfully.  Zivan nodded while Sadows laid down beside her and laid the book Zivan found out before them. Sitri raised her eyebrows.
“Interesting. Where did you find that?” Sitri’s eyes gleamed. Sadows looked at Zivan. He took the hint and spoke.
“We found it in a climate-controlled room in the basement.”
“He found it and we watched a burnt old book change to this,” Sadows said in excitement.
“Really! The book changed that's so cool,” Sitri marveled. Sadows pointed to the lock.
“Kind of was hoping you knew what manner of key would open it.” The demoness looked at it. The shape seemed familiar to her, but she could not quite place it in her memory.
“It seems like I should know this symbol. I will check the library in the morning for sure,” Sitri mused. They talked and speculated what the book may contain. It was like going on a treasure hunt. It was just all so surreal.
What nobody knew was that they were being watched. A figure hid upon the tower roof and spied through the windows there. They would be there all night if need be. As it were the creature seemed to have the information needed. It flew off into the night to report to their master.
Zivan grew tired and fell asleep in Sadows lap. As she did nightly, she played with his hair.
“You really love him that much,” Sitri spoke in a low tone. Sadows smiled and nodded.
“Yes, I believe I do,” she responded. “What about you Sitri. Do you think you will ever fall in love?” Sadows asked her. The demoness chuckled darkly.
“Could happen, but I fall in love with every cock that enters my hole,” She grinned brightly and showed her teeth. The vampire shook her head and laughed. She was really starting to like Sitri. A thought occurred to her. She looked at the amulet. She fingered it for a moment. Then took it from around her neck. Sadows handed it to Sitri.
“Here! Take this. I want you to have it,” she meant every word she spoke. Sitri did not want to take it at first. She then reached for it and slowly put it around her own neck. A realization hit her. Sitri looked at Sadows with a shocked look.
“Thank you. I think I know where we might find the key,” Sitri was wide eyed.
“Where?” Sadows asked. Tried as she might not to get her hopes up.
“New Orleans,” Sitri explained. Sadows was surprised by this.
“Are you sure?” She asked. Sitri nodded.
“Oh, yes! There is an old voodoo woman that lives there. She will know. I’m sure of it,” Sitri said excitedly. “Looks like I’m tagging along after all,” Sitri smiled and winked. Sadows smiled.
“Zivan’s bike only fits two.” The two women laughed.
“When should we leave?” Sitri asked. Sadows wondered that herself.
“We should talk about that in the morning,” she mused. Sitri shrugged and laid down.
“Night Sadows.”
“Night Sitri.” Sadows sat there thinking.
She had giving the amulet back the Sitri. The demoness was chosen for a reason. She had to be some sort of guardian. Maybe this voodoo woman was one also. Whatever it took she had to find out. This would be quite the puzzle to solve.
Once this key unlocked the book, what secrets would they find? What more did they have to do to figure out in order, to discover the vampire queen’s location? Sadows truly, believed the queen could change the world for the better. At least she hoped so.
She continued to stroke Zivan’s maned hair. She breathed in his scent and the leathers he wore. She dreaded the fact that they would not have time to make love. They were about to go on a dangerous adventure to find a mythical being that may or may not exist. Maybe a treasure hunt at the same time and encounter more fucking vampires. They were parasites. Were there any that were not a plague that needed to be cured? The elders were no help. They preyed on the humans like all the others, if not worse. She sighed.
“I will protect you all,” Sadows whispered to herself. What she did not know was that Sitri was still awake and heard her.
The demoness turned and looked at Sadows. She smiled then turned back over. She closed her eyes. she was beginning to care for the vampire and the human. They were her friends now.

Musing

The old woman sat at her desk and waited. Still as a statue, patient. She was alone with her thoughts. She was incredibly old, ancient as it were. Inside her soul had another story. One of turmoil. A raging Maelstrom cascaded within. She was apart of the elder council and she had plans of her own for the girl. Plans she has not shared with the others and nor would she.
She started to drum her fingertips on the desk. The other elders annoyed her to no end. To her they were all fools and should be treated as such. They were powerful in their own, right. There were a few she knew nothing about. Which irked her to no end. She had no information on them. She smiled bitterly. It made her extra careful. She knew the council kept track of each other. They all took an interest in her. They stayed ever so closely to her like flies to shit. She made sure they only tracked her when she wanted them to. They knew nothing of her to companions. They were just large strong vampires. They even had the audacity to believe they were her lovers. Foolish! Let those morons think whatever they liked. She cared not a bloody wit. As, long as her plans were fulfilled.
Damn council had almost caught the girl, Sadows. The girl was resourceful. She had killed a vesta hound. That had been no easy task. There were elders who were not able to control or survive such an encounter. How delightful that the girl can withstand sunlight.
Flapping of wings disturbed her reverie. A small creature landed upon the old woman’s shoulder and whispered in her ear. When it was done, she scratched under its chin.
“Well done, my pet,” she cooed. “Now go, continue to watch them and report only if need be,” the old woman ordered. The impish creature lifted itself back up in the air with its wings. A dark swirl of mist like substance curled around it and it blinked out. Gone.
That was good and well. She looked up as her two bodyguards walked in. They stood before the desk.
“It seems, the girl has entrusted the lust demoness with the amulet. Well done, she now has an ally in what is to come. She has also found the book and shall soon leave to get the key. Everything is coming along faster than I had hoped thus far.” The old woman steepled her hands. “Now however, her and the boy really need to be lovers, and soon,” she paused a moment to mull over her thoughts. “Their connection needs to deepen. I am positive he is the one to strengthen her resolve.” The old woman stood. “It is time for us to leave now,” she commanded. The two figures fell in behind her as they always have done.
They were her protectors and, may whatever god or goddess out there have mercy on any creature’s soul if anything tried to hurt the old woman. These bodyguards were more than what they appeared to be.

Zoe

Zoe’s flight had landed, and she had traveled around the city of New Orleans trying to figure out what route her brother would take with his bike to get here. The sights and sounds were something else in this city. So many people milling about. Soon it would be Mardi Gras and she was sure Zivan knew about the event and would not want to miss it.
She felt he would cruise down the I10 to Baton Rouge then New Orleans. Trick was she needed to be close as to where he would stay. Possibly the French Quarter. He would want to show off for his little slut vamp goth girl. Zoe just wanted to stake the bitch and get it over with. Who cares if she was a real vamp or not? If she was not deal with the consequences later.
Zoe examined the map and pointed to different spots along the Mississippi River. He would stay there somewhere close to the sights. She had to be sure as to spy on him. Her father had a point though if this girl was a real vamp. Her brother would have been dead by now or turned. Another point, vamps cannot be in sunlight. They literally burn up into a flaming inferno. Horrible way to die.
Zivan, please stay safe, she thought idlily. She had to find her base of operations. She went to the waterfront in the French Quarter. Zoe spent the day scoping out the areas there. She wanted to enjoy the scenery, but she was all business. She also had plans for tonight to scope out some hotspots.
It was starting to get dark and she had a few more things she wanted to do before she went out on the town this night. She went to a hotel for the time being. She booked her room grabbed the keys and went to the room. She undressed, then showered. She stood in the shower for a long time after cleaning up. Consumed with her worried thoughts. Damn, Zivan for his womanizing behavior. His wildness always got him into trouble as a child. She thought he had grown up some with his business he ran while going to school. He had this weakness for the bad girls.
Zoe understood, she truly did. She liked bad boys herself, but she contained that shit. That lid was sealed. She worked too hard to be some foolish lovesick girl that went google eyed over some guy. She learned that lesson long ago when that guy turned out to be a vampire. She had almost died that night if not for her dad.
Zoe had gone to a rave with her friends. She had never had so much fun before in her life. The drugs and alcohol loosened her up to party and have good time. She then met this guy, and he was hot as hell. Her type all the way. Tall, dark, handsome, but pale skinned. He was the gothic type and men like that turned her on. Her plan was to fuck his brains out. His plans on the other hand was to drink her dry.
Well later that night shit hit the household fan. There were vamps everywhere attacking people. Blood coated everything and she was scared as hell. She had no idea what was going on and tried to find her friends. She found her best friend Lori and they ran into a hallway where they found their other friend dead, her throat torn open. They were freaked out and tried to leave. She was relieved at first to see the guy she was crushing on, but that all changed very quickly.
He just happened to be a monster no less. He attacked them and bite Lori. Suddenly her dad came out of nowhere and impaled the vampire with a silver stake. Blood gushed out of him and he turned into a dry husk. There were more high-pitched screams. Yelling of all sorts. Gun fire.
Her dad did something that she would never forget. Something that took her a long time to forgive. He had pulled out a silver machete and chopped her friend’s head clean off her shoulders. To this day she could not get that image out of her head. He had told her he could not take the risk of her turning. It had to be done.
It took an extremely long time to be over that. From that day on she trained with her dad’s organization to kill vamps. They were creatures that had to be exterminated. She planned on killing as many as she could before she herself died.
Zoe got out of the shower. She dried and changed into fishnet stockings, jean shorts, shirt top of the sex pistols, jean jacket, and her boots to hide her silver blade in.
She put on blue eyeliner, and black lipstick. She was not going to party or pick up a guy. She was on the hunt for creatures of the night. When she was satisfied, she left and went to the nearest club.
She had no problem getting in. She was a woman after all. Fresh meat to be eyed and preyed upon for potential sex. Maybe a blood feast for vamps. She looked around the darkened club. There were other girls just like herself there. People were mainly here to have a good time. Already she picked out three vamps. Two men and a woman. One of the men was leading a girl out back. Zoe would follow. She made her way in the same direction when the female vamp stepped in front of her.
“Where do you think you are going?” The vamp slut asked.
“I’m looking for the bathroom,” Zoe explained. The vamp looked her up and down.
“I’ll show you where they are,” she guided Zoe. They went into the restroom and Zoe was about to reach down for her knife when the vamp’s lips met hers. She was so shocked that she could not react at first. The woman pulled away and smiled.
“Your first time I see,” she said with a smile her finger trailed the line of Zoe’s breast. Zoe did her best not to show her disgust.
“I will see you after I pee,” Zoe said with a dark smile. She went into one of the stalls. The vamp waited by the sinks. She turned on the water and snatched up a rat that was crawling along the countertop. She sunk her fangs in and drained the animal dry. When she was done the rat was put in the trash. Zoe watched all this from the crack in the stall door. The vamp cleaned herself up.
“Now, I can get laid good and proper,” she muttered to herself.
What an odd thing to say, Zoe thought perplexed. The door to the woman’s restroom was kicked open and a male vamp came in with a girl laughing.
“Going to have me some dinner tonight,” he hollered.
“Lance, what the fuck you, doing? We don’t drink from humans she kept her voice down as low as she could. She walked toward the male vamp.
“Get the fuck off, bitch. I’ll do what I please,” he retorted.
“The old woman says no,” the female argued. The girl he brought in was a mess. She giggled she was so lucid that she could not stand on her own two feet.
“Get the fuck out of here and leave the girl alone,” the female gritted her teeth. A vamp sticking up for a person was strange.
Zoe came out of the stall and threw her blade. It spun in an arc and stuck into the male vamp’s chest right into his heart. He fell back and died in a gout of blood. The female was shocked and stood very still as Zoe moved out and retrieved her blade. She held it against the woman’s throat.
“You serious about not drinking from people?” Zoe asked. The vamp nodded.
“Yes, of course. We are not allowed. We are taught that you are not cattle. I don’t’ like human blood. It tastes funny,” the female vamp said. Zoe was a little confused by this. She believed she would regret this decision.
Zoe left the club that night alone and the vamp alive. She went back to her room shaken by the experience. She washed up and laid on her bed. But sleep never came to her. The vamp’s words kept going through her head. ‘human blood tastes funny’. She was having doubts.

Close Call

The vamp leaned against the wall of the restroom. She was scared. She had just come face to face with a vampire hunter. She still lived. The woman had spared her life. The woman was just human but damn she could fight. The vamp flushed. What a turn on.
God, she was sexy as hell, the vampire thought. She hoped to see her again. She was well, aware of the danger involved. She was just so attracted to the hunter. She had to find out who she was.
The vampire looked down at the woman Lance had brought into the restroom. She sighed and helped the woman stand. She was higher than a kite and a giggling mess. She took her out to the bar where they then called emergency services for the woman.
Lorca did her good duty for the night. Now, she had a hunt to go on. She left the club. Followed the scent down an alley, through a building, up a set of stairs, to the roof top. There she lost the scent. She thought a moment, wondering if her sexy prey had jumped to the other roof or some how back tracked.
Wait!
She went back the way she came, down the stairwell to the level below.
I knew it, she thought. She stopped at a door. The scent ended here. She knocked. Then waited. The door opened and a pistol was aimed at her.
“Hi, sexy,” the vampire grinned. A sigh of annoyance sounded.
“Come in,” Zoe said. “What the hell are you doing following me? You crazy?” Lorca walked in.
“I must be to lust after a hunter like you,” Lorca said and spun around. She moved in close to Zoe. She still held her gun. The vampire ignored the weapon held upon her.
“So, we going to do this thing or what,” the vampire asked.
Zoe put down her gun. “Why the hell not,” she said. The two women kissed and started to take clothes off each other. They made their way into the bedroom. Zoe was turned on by the vampire. Her lips did their thing, and she was in for the long hull. They kissed with such passion and desire. They rubbed against one another. Breasts and nipples touched. Moans rippled past damp quivering lips. Lorca reached down and rubbed Zoe on her clit. She gasped in pleasure. Zoe pushed the vampire on the bed then crawled upon her. She rubbed her loins against the other woman. Their heat mingled together.
Zoe reached under the pillow and pulled out a silver blade and held it to the vamp’s throat.
“Why are you really here?” The hunter asked. Her look was hard, demanding. The blade burned the vampire’s skin, making it blister.
“I thought it was obvious when we started this. I’m not here to hurt you,” her voice cracked, afraid. Zoe raised the knife and stabbed the bed with it. Her lips crushed against the Lorca’s petite mouth. Zoe’s thick lush brown lips were all devouring, consuming.
Zoe placed two of her fingers within the wet folds of the vampire’s thighs.
“Oh, my hunter,” Lorca rasped while lifting her hips. She begged for more. Zoe pulled the woman’s hair and she groaned in pleasure.
So, she likes it rough does she, Zoe mused to herself. Good! Zoe added two other fingers jammed harder, faster. The vampire responded in kind with a loud scream.
“Oh yes, fuck me, please!” Lorca’s eyes rolled in the back of her head as she climaxed.
“My name is Zoe,” the hunter whispered, her hot breath against the vampire’s ear. “I want you to scream my name you, dirty little vamp.” Then bit her lope. Lorca moaned.
“Lorca… my name… oh, Zoe,” she panted in between breaths.
“Mm! Pretty name!” Zoe moaned and placed her teeth upon one of the vampire’s nipples and bit down hard. A squeal of pleasure escaped Lorca. She bucked her hips into Zoe’s fingers that continued their magic inside Lorca’s wet pussy.
“You are a naughty girl, eh!” Zoe rasped. She moved up to the vampire’s face. Lets the lips of her vagina rub the woman’s chin. Zoe leaned back and force her hips against Lorca’s mouth.
Lorca’s tongue licked the folds of Zoe’s sacred space. The hunter moaned.
Fuck, she is good, Zoe thought and let out along moan of pleasure. She shook with her orgasm. Zoe spun round and buried her own face between the vampire’s legs. Her tongue licked every part of her womanhood. The lips, inside, the clit. Not a spot was missed. As was promised. Lorca screamed Zoe’s name. The vampire came in such a flood that her juices-soaked Zoe’s face.
Wow! Oh my god, she tastes so damn good, Zoe praised to herself. She continued to work her magic upon Lorca and again had her screaming her name. Zoe had an orgasm also. Lorca was good at bringing her to climax.
What the hell was she doing? She was a hunter for crying out loud. She eliminated their kind, not fucked with them.
But…
But what? She was enjoying herself. This reckless abandoning felt so right with this woman, this vampire. Zoe moved to look at the vampire. To really look at her.
My god she is beautiful!
Zoe’s eyes trailed every part of Lorca. She paled dark ebony skin glistened with beads of sweat. Zoe did that. Made her sweat a sheen of brightness. Her thick bridged nose with flaring nostrils. Petite lips that curled up at the corners. Sharp cheek line that trailed to a pointed chin. The vampire’s eyes glimmered a hazel that were now laced in blue so bright and dark that Zoe knew without a doubt how happily turned on she was.
Zoe kissed her gently. She was slow, steady. They laid in one another’s arms and both soon fell asleep.
Zoe did not sleep long. She awoke with a start the next morning. Her heart raced. She had just fucked a vamp. She could open the blinds. She should open them. Damn her conflicted emotions. She buried her face in the vampire’s breasts and gritted her teeth. Lorca stirred to wakefulness. She smiled. Damn her beautiful smile. Zoe hated her for it.
“Good morning,” Lorca said and kissed Zoe’s lips. Damn her lips too. Zoe kissed back with all the passion of a lover who happened to be greedy for more love.
Damn Lorca for looking at Zoe with such affection.

Council

The old woman took her spot among the council. They had questions and she had some answers. Not necessarily the ones they wanted to hear. Not like she gave a rat’s ass about these sick demented fucks anyway.
She sat with her sour look that she always portrayed. Her cane held along her side. Her two guardians behind her. She despised sitting here with these vampires. No respect for anything. All they craved was blood. They were primal animals. Worthless and had no value. How did it get this way? The old woman wondered about many things and is still investigating events in the past.
Most of the council she knew of from the past. Some she did not. It was shortly after the fall they came together or were summoned. Powerful vampires from all around the world came to meet. Some died during the great meetings. Killed by these same buffoons. Something was not right. Someone or others had to be running this show. These elders had to be a front for who was behind all of this. Ultimately the focus would be on her to make her report.
“We are gathered here to hear Mistress Kain’s report,” a voice in the darkened room spoke.
“As you well know the vampire who broke into our archives escaped and killed a vesta hound. I know this is no easy feat to complete, but they must have had access to information about the hounds, for to have killed it,” the old woman spoke. She spoke to the members of the council.
They did not know her true name nor would she ever reveal it to them. Kain was good enough for her. She had created the name over a millennia ago. That she was some, kind of information investigation vampire. They came to her. She played at being the crazy old woman in the swamps. Then slowly let them mould her into who she was today. The council always had second thoughts about getting rid of her. It was not an option now. She was valued and loyal. What a laugh. Loyal. Not to them.
Every time she came to this place, she has always felt that there was another presence here that watched her carefully. A more powerful player than these fools.
“And the hunter, how is he?” Another member of the council asked.
“He is fine. He obtains a new vesta hound as we speak and shall be on the hunt again,” the old woman verified.
“That is good news,” a woman spoke.
“But what about the scent? How will a new vesta hound hunt this creature,” an unfamiliar voice spoke.
“Unfortunately, we may have to wait until they kill again. Investigate it and hope that it is them when they are tracked,” the old woman replied.
“I have an idea,” a voice broke in over a speaker. A cold feeling seeped inside of the old woman. Her sharp eyes pointed out the few who knew the voice. All the others had no idea. She raised an eyebrow.
“Who is that?” Kain asked. A man at the other end of the table leaned in.
“Our true leader!” He stated. Kain looked at him sharply.
“Since when did our council need ‘a true leader’?” Kain gave the man a piercing look. She hated Tavush, was his name. A prim fuck who thought he was above everyone else. A power hunger of gluttony. He smiled showing his fangs. The old woman’s guardians stirred, but she halted them with a raised hand.
“It was decided by those who deemed it need to know,” She wanted to rip that grin off his face.
“I suggest you get two other vesta hounds to hunt in the process,” the unknown voice spoke again. Kain stood, turned to leave.
“Wherever do you think you are going off to?” Tavush mocked. Kian, old woman, vampire who walked with a cane, looked him in the eye with such dark piercing eyes that made even him balk, and said, “to see if my hunter can control three vesta hounds of course.” The smile she then gave unnerved everyone at the conference table. She walked out with her two companions behind her.


Tomb

She traveled here to explore the castle of the famed Vlad Tepes also known as Dracula. She wandered around the countryside to get a feel for the area. It was serene, peaceful. Although there was a lack of animal life here.
When she had finished with her exploration, she went to the castle. Its ruins where a lonely hollowed emptiness that had not known laughter for centuries. She walked the corridors of time wishing she had known such a man.
She knew the stories and all the myths, legends, and lore. Even read the book Dracula by the Irish author Bram Stoker. Must say it was a work of art. She explored every inch that she was abled.
Then she had found his crypt and opened the tomb. There had been remains once there but were now missing. She climbed inside and laid there for the entirety of the night. Her fingers traced every part of the coffin. She stared at a spot for a long time. She pried a stone out and inside the secret compartment lay a scroll. The contents she read would send her on a lifetime mission in search of a blood myth. A queen who had been swallowed by a great cataclysm. All this she read during the night in a dark tomb. Her eyes had no problem seeing at night. She could pierce through the darkness with ease. She was the vampire with the glowing red eyes.

Sadows told her story to Zivan and Sitri. How she had found two other scrolls later, on about the legend of a Crimson Queen, a Blood Goddess. The first vampire, the Maker of her kind.
“I have heard rumours over a millennia ago, but to believe it true, never. Now, I’m not so sure. If this is real, which mind you just might very well be if I was to be a guardian of this amulet,” Sitri said while fingering the necklace she wore.
“I believe it for some reason,” Zivan pipped up. He was certain of it.
“I have always believed it, since that night in the tomb,” Sadows said softly. She held Zivan’s hand tightly.
“Sitri. I want you to promise me something,” Sadows beckoned.
“Sure,” the demoness said.
“Promise me if something were to happen to me, that you will protect Zivan,” Sadows said with sorrow.
“Hey! Where is this suddenly coming from?” Sitri asked. She did not like where this conversation was going.
“I just want you to promise me to take care of him,” Sadows begged.
“Well, of course. You know I’ll do him good and done,” Sitri smiled at her joke.
“Oh my god,” Zivan said slapping his forehead. Sadows giggled.
“If I were to die and you two had sex, I’m okay with that. Until then hands off,” Sadows gleamed her fangs and her eyes went red. Sitri put her hands up.
“No probs, babe,” she said quickly. They all laughed. Zivan grabbed a bottle of wine that he found in one of the drawers. He opened it.
“To friendship bonds,” he cheered. The girls cheered his words. They drank and laughed. These were little moments to be cherished. One never knew when they would ever happen again.

Mistress Kain

The old woman did not go back to her night club that she owned. Once her and the companions got inside the limo and drove away. She looked to them and nodded. She tapped her cane and in a whiff of black smoke, they disappeared.
They reappeared in caverns far from where they had been. A sanctuary of sorts. Here she was safe from the monsters of the night. Here she was all powerful.
They made their way to the destination she wanted. There he was with the hounds now. He rose his head in her direction.
There were no features of any kind on his face. None like anything ever seen before. He was bald headed. No eyes. Small slits for nostril holes. His mouth was vertical stripes like slits. He emitted a high-pitched vibration sound. He tilted his head to listen. He had no ears, only holes. He was tall, slim, muscled.
“Yes, my dear. I have a mission for you. One where your hounds are needed. All of them!” The old woman smiled. “We have a lot of planning to do.” The hunter made the high-pitched noise again.
“She will have to wait. Our mistress will come back to us in all due time,” the old woman said. She proceeded to explain what needed to be done. This sanctuary of hers had many things. Books and scrolls. Even ancient tablets that were far older than the ancient world. There was a wealth of information here. She has collected it all for thousands of years. All this to find the Queen.
There was a time long ago she had hoped a certain figure would be the chosen male. That male was Dracula. He was powerful and noble. This vampire was like no other. Sunlight did hurt him, but he had a high resilience to it. He could walk in daylight during thunderstorms or just overcast with clouds. He was legendary. Until Dr Van Helsing and the Harker family killed him.
Dracula was a broken sorrowful man. He could not get past the loss of his wife. Too bad. He would have been a good candidate for the vampire queen.
After hearing about such a thing happened to such a great vampire, Mistress Kain unleashed the hunter and his vesta hounds upon both, the Harker family and the Helsing family. They were exterminated to the last. Their bloodline is but a memory in history.
There were so many wannbe vamp hunters during those days. The old woman suggested to the council that vampires should just stay underground, out of sight for a few generations. Until they were nothing but a myth. It worked. People forgot about them. They were nothing but folklore and fiction on bookshelves. The Dracula event brought obscurity and myth. This helped vampires to grow in power and wealth behind the scenes.
It helped the old woman to plan her moves. And the one she planned now was of great risk, but so worth the effort. She became Mistress Kain mad woman of the swamps. A vampire of mass wealth, information and could find whatever you wanted. She was a busy woman after all. She smiled at the thought. Time to get to work and find the information needed in, order to succeed.

Den of Vamps

“We are ready to move in, sir!” A voice spoke over the headset.
“Move in and burn them out,” Tyler ordered. Zoe and Zivan's father lead his black ops team inside the old abandoned warehouse. They were vampire hunters an elite force that worked for the Sigil. Highly military trained soldiers... wore light armoured suits that protected from bullets and fang and claw.
They moved in throughout the warehouse sweeping each area. They called out to one another. Clear! Hand motions waved forward to signal to push ahead. The first and second levels were checked. Nothing. All was empty.
A voice came over the commlink. “We have a basement entrance over here.” Tyler ordered everyone to the location.
Night vision goggles were activated. They went down the stairs with assault rifles at the ready. Green laser sights aimed about in all directions.
The squad went in hard, went in strong. Then the shooting began. Silver bullets tore into the vampires. Screams of anguish echoed and reverberated throughout the basement level. Hissing and roars of rage sounded, and the vampires came at the soldiers.
“Fire in the hole,” a soldier yelled. An ultraviolet light grenade went off. Vampires closest to the explosion melted to a slag substance. Others were ignited into flames and burned to ash. It was quick and messy. The vamps that were shot down, were beheaded. Men carried silver machetes to finish the job.
When everything was said and done, the den was purged of the vile creatures of the night. Every nook and cranny were searched. Charges were set. The soldiers left the building. They all went to a safe distance.
They went off. Incendiary charges. Gouts of corrosive flames sprayed fiery death. So powerful was the technology that even concrete melted in the blasts. In a short time, the warehouse was engulfed completely in flames. In no time the warehouse collapsed upon itself. The soldiers watched for a time. Then packed up and left. Tyler, commander of this group was satisfied with a job well done. He would make his report and go home. He would wait for the next mission. But first he would check in with his daughter to see of her progress thus far.
His thoughts wandered to the girl his son was with. He seemed different around her. He saw real affection between the two of them. It may not just be a lay them and leave them type of scenario. As for Zoe, why did she believe the girl was a vampire when clearly, she was not. She walked in daylight which no vamp could ever do. She sure as hell did not have red glowing eyes. Vampires eyes do not change like that.
He would let his daughter do her thing, better safe than sorry. He closed his eyes a moment. He had a sudden thought. What if there were other kinds of creatures out there roaming about. When he had time, he was going to do some research of his own.

Tavush

Tavush hated the old woman. Bitch probably has not been laid in over a thousand years. Her cunt was full of cobwebs no doubt. Fucking scrag hag. He would love to smash in her ugly face then bend her over and continuously rape her for about a week or so. He would greatly enjoy that. He loved to demean women. To him they were weak and emotional train wrecks. They were good for him to get off and nothing much more could be said about it. He smiled malevolently at his own thoughts. Few things brought him joy, like torture and pain were some of them. Absolute power was another. He would one day rule all vampires. No more clans or council. The true elders have been gone for such an extremely long time now. Nothing but dust in the wind.
Tavush began to chuckle to himself. He remembered a time when he invited a human male to his home. He had a woman satisfy him to the point of ejaculation. That was when Tavush bit down on the human’s manhood and drank him dry. The woman was horrified, and Tavush drained her too, slowly. He reveled in hearing her pleas of mercy where none would ever be given. He was a vampire that gorged on bloody delights. He was messy, vile of mind, a sadist, and did not even care if the human world knew about vampires. He cared little about secrets. He wanted the humans as cattle to be prodded by fangs. He reveled in the slaughter. To feel blood all over his mouth, its taste. He was addicted to it like a drug. This made him dangerous and careless.
When all was said and done, he planned on ravaging the old woman. It made him hard thinking about.
He went into one of his private chambers. There he admired the chained humans all about the room. He decided that he would rape and eat them all.
“Hello, ladies and gentlemen,” he said in a vicious undertone. The captives rattled their chains and soft sobs issued from gagged mouths. He laughed in dark delight. The smell of fear permeated the room. He took a deep breath and let out a long sigh.
He removed his clothing. He fondled his manhood, letting it rise. He stroked the member until it was hard and stiff. He was ready for his kind of fun. He would imagine that the atrocities he was about to inflict would be upon the old hag Kain. He wanted nothing more to fuck that wrinkled old hag in her ass.
“Oh, the glory of the bloodshed I’m about reap this night.” He let out a deep throated groan. He proceeded to do what he enjoyed most in his immortal life.

Time to Leave

“Hey love birds,” Sitri yelled and jumped on them. It was a flurry of limbs and laughter. Sitri thought it was best to have a tickle fight. Sadows laughed as Zivan tackled the demoness to the ground. What a tumble of limbs.
“Oh! Boy has skills,” Sitri laughed. “No! Stop! That tickles,” Sitri giggled loudly. Sadows snuck upon Zivan from behind. And tickled his sides. He let out a yelp of joy.
“Hey! You’re supposed to be on my side,” he tried pretending to be angry, but laughter erupted. Both girls ganged up on him. Until Sitri turned on Sadows and tickled her. In return Sadows tickled the demoness back. Then Zivan did his best to tickle both women. They were all screams and yells and laughter. It was a group wrestling match of fun. Soon they lay on the floor panting on their backs with big smiles. Sitri spoke first. “I have a bus ticket to New Orleans. I leave tomorrow. I leave in the morning around 8:25 AM.”
“Okay! We will see you off and then head on down ourselves,” Zivan replied. Sadows nodded in agreement. Sitri smiled.
“Thank you,” she said, and they all had a group hug.
Night came and Zivan dozed off early. Sadows and Sitri stay up chatting. The demoness did not need much sleep. Sadows found out that she could stay up for days before needing any kind of sleep. If Sitri got a few hours when needed she was good to go.
Tonight, was girl talk. Sitri asked what it was like to be in love. Sadows did her best to explain it but all she could tell the demoness was that it had to be experienced and expressed. She did say that it was the most wonderful feeling and scary.
The conversation went on to other tales. Mostly about Sitri and her lusts for both men and women. The girls giggled. It felt good to have a friend.
“You know, I am so glad we became friends, right?” Sitri questioned. They got along but it was only under a week and they did try to kill each other. Sadows smiled warmly.
“Yes! I’m happy that we are friends now.” The girls hugged. It was now dawn and it was almost time to go. Sadows woke Zivan. They packed what was needed and left the tower of the library. They went to the bus stop and waited with Sitri until it was time to board.
They called for people to board and Sitri hugged Sadows and whispered to her. Something that made her blush.
“Give it a try. You may like it. I know he will,” the demoness laughed and winked. She then hugged Zivan then kissed his lips.
“Been dying to do that,” she giggled. Zivan rolled his eyes in annoyance and shook his head. Sadows gave her a glaring pouty look. Then Sitri whispered in his ear.
“Guaranteed to get her off,” she said and did a gyrating motion while slapping her own ass. She made absurd grunting noises in the process.
“Fucking give her good, man.” Sitri got on the bus sat in a window seat and waved. Sadows and Zivan waved back.
Sadows and Zivan took their time walking back to the library. Sadows linked her arm within Zivan’s. She smiled broadly. The sun was warming the day up and soon it would be hot. They went into a restaurant and ate breakfast. Then went to the library. They got whatever belongings packed them in his saddlebags of his bike. They sat on the Harley facing one another. They both looked at each other for a time. Sadows then leaned in quickly and ravaged Zivan’s mouth. She came in close with her legs wrapped around him. Zivan responded. His tongue explored her mouth. She tasted so good. Sweet tangy full of passion and cherishing love. Tongues moved about in a tangled spiral teasing and pleasing. Drawing one another into their depths. Sadows tingled all over her body. She was ready without a doubt to be with Zivan. She just needed to wait a little while longer until he was ready. He was close. If there were no interruptions maybe a week or two.  She was being hopeful.
She nipped at his lips. Then licked. He groaned. She wanted to be pressed under him so badly. To feel him enter her. To know his rhythm and pace. She panted against his mouth he kissed the curved corners and moved down to her chin. Then further down to the curve of her neck. His tongue lashed her throat. She let out a small squeal of delight.
“Oh Zivan, I need you!” she breathed heatedly. Her body was aflame with desire. He kissed between the cleavage of her breasts and licked gently slowly the dampness of his tongue sent a pulse into her loins. She shivered in pleasure. She wanted more. Greedy for it. Her wetness seeped through her jeans. She placed Zivan's hand to her crotch so he could feel her. He groaned deeply. He unbuttoned her jeans and slipped in under to rub her moist clit. She moaned in his ear and nibbled his earlobe. She reached down to unzip his pants.  Felt his hardness. Her deft fingers gripped around his growing shaft. Slow strokes made him quiver at her touch.
“Sadows,” he groaned her name. He slipped the one side of her shirt down and she removed her arm from its sleeve to bare a breast. His soft full lips were placed around her nipple. She gasped she was so close to climax.
Someone cleared their throat in shocking interruption.
“Excuse me, I understand you youngsters are having the time of your life right now. But you are presenting indecent exposure to the public and that's not permeated.” Two Police Officers stood there. Zivan was beat red and tried discreetly to put his penis back in his pants. Talk about a mojo killer. Sadows had a mawkish smile as she slipped her arm back in the shirt sleeve and covered her breast.
Fuck me. I was about to Cum too, she thought to herself as she then buttoned her pants up.
They had a hard time looking the officers in the eye. The lady officer tapped her partner on his chest with her baton.
“He pretty well huge for a teen,” she jested which further embarrassed them. The male police officer raised his brows at his partner. She gave him a look of ‘come on, play along now’. He smiled.
“If you don't mind just running along now,” he did his best to sound authority driven.
“Yes sir. Yes ma'am,” Zivan replied still red faced. Sadows giggled waved and wrapped her arms around Zivan. Her cheeks were flushed.
“Thank you for not arresting us Officers. Bye!” Sadows said in amusement. At that Zivan kick started the engine and his bike roared to life. They where totally lost in their affections they had not realized they were in public.
The lady police officer chuckled. “Kids these days, huh!” They both walked away shaking their heads.

Naughty Sitri

Sitri sat on the bus which was on its way to New Orleans. The bus sped down the highway and had just left the city limits of Los Angeles.
The demoness gazed out the window lost in thought. She had friends now. Strange. She never had friends before. It felt… wonderful. Actually… amazing. She smiled to herself and sighed.
Sitri glanced beside her at the seat across. A boy with his girlfriend stared at her. He only stopped starring when his girl elbowed him in the gut and gave Sitri a dirty look. The lust demon smiled. She then came up with an idea. She was about to have so much fun. She leaned in her seat toward the teen couple.
“Can I talk privately with the two of you at the back?” Sitri asked them. The back of the bus just so happened to be empty. It was the only part of the Grey Hound that had three seats. The boy and girl looked at each other confused. They nodded anyway. The boy walked down first his girlfriend followed, and Sitri tagged behind.
The boy sat by the window, his girl beside him and Sitri had the aisle seat.
“I was wondering if the two of you would like to have a threesome with me,” the demoness’ bluntness surprised them. The girl went red faced. The boy eyes went wide. He clearly was interested. The girl was about to speak when Sitri kissed her and forced her tongue in the girl’s mouth. Sitri then slipped her hand under the girl’s skirt. That was the beginning of Sitri’s naughty bus adventure.
Later they all would be kicked off the bus about halfway through the trip and Sitri would get them all a motel to spend the night for more naughty pleasures. It is, what she did best.
Sitri would then leave the couple to move on to her destination. Not before she left the couple a gift. A gift of her scent that would have them fucking until exhaustion overwhelmed them.
The demoness caught another bus and was on the road again. When she arrived, she would wait for her friends. She looked forward to seeing them again.

On the Road Again

Zivan sped down the I8 just cruising along. He had a big grin on his face in the wind. Sadows made a comment earlier about ‘try not to get bugs in your teeth’.
She kept nipping at his ear and licking the nap of his neck. She was frustrated she was still horny as hell and wanted release.
Just you wait Zivan. I will release that wildness within you yet and when I do oh the glorious ravaging sex we are going to have, she thought darkly. 
She continued her fondling of him. She rubbed his crotch until she felt him pulsating. She did not plan on stopping.
Zivan ended up pulling over on the side of the road.  She shouted to the world her happiness. Were they really going to do it right here? He got off the bike.
“Take your pants off and lie down on my bike.” She was so excited that her pants were down in seconds and she was spread wide for him. He did not do what she expected. He leaned over her for a moment with this wonderful wild glint in his eye. He went lower until he was kissing her inner thighs. She gasped in surprise. He slowly licked and kissed his way to her love hole. His tongue slipped in and he moved around to explore every part of her that he could. He licked and nibbled her lips. Sadows did everything in her power not to shout. She tangled her fingers in his hair. Her moans were pleasing to his ears as she panted faster. Her hips gyrated against his face. She was beginning to shake. Cars honked their horns as they drove by but Zivan and Sadows where oblivious to them.
“Oh yes Zivan, I'm Cumming baby,” she let out a long moan broken up by quick panting breaths. Then she fell off the bike.
“Are you alright?” Zivan asked laughing. Sadows laid there laughing.
“I'm okay. Feels good to finally have some release" she exaggerated her exasperation.
Zivan offered his hand to help her up but she pulled him down on top of her.
“When will you want to be inside me,” she asked her eyes penetrating, her lips so remarkably close to his.
“Soon. I promise,” he assured her. Their lips met she could taste herself on him and it did not bother her in the least. She was just turned on all over again. She tried. She had to. She reached down to unzip his pants, but he stopped her.
“Not yet. Soon.” His eyes pleaded. There was something else in them. He was afraid of something. What might that be? She wondered.
“Alright,” she replied doing her best not to sound disappointed. “To New Orleans then.” He smiled and nodded.
“To New Orleans and Mardi Gras.” He winked. Sadows smiled showing her teeth.
She stood up. Picked up her pants and put them back on. They were back on Zivan's bike and were speeding down the highway once more.
Sadows was sure she figured out why he was restraining himself from her. He was wild and untamed underneath it all. It must have gotten him into trouble in the past. She wanted him to unleash himself upon her even more now. She closed her eyes and hugged Zivan's back.
“Thank you!” She spoke in his ear and kissed his neck. Zivan smiled brightly. He was happy this day

So Long Ago…

She roamed the fern forests. The trees rose so high in the sky, the great redwood ‘sequoia’ was nothing but scrubs in comparison. Moisture was everywhere. It dripped from the leaves like rain. It was cool and misty. The earth was damp all the time. Rays of sunlight reached the hidden shadows. Roars of great giant beasts could be heard. Thunderous noises that were heard for miles.
As great as these monsters were. She was the Apex predator here. She stood eight feet tall on her two legs. She was well muscled and shapely. Sculped by weather of sun, rains, and even snow. It got hot here during the day and was cold at night.
Her breasts were large full shaped orbs that bounced when she moved about. She had no idea what they were for but sometimes the points on them would hurt or feel nice, depending on how they were touched. She had extremely long black red hair that dragged on the ground behind her.
The ground suddenly shook. A great beast headed her way. She stood and waited calmly. A giant two legged monstrously it was. It was a male and he was huge. His enormous head leaned down toward her. Giant jaws of serrated teeth dripped saliva. It sniffed her. She petted its snout. She walked along its long thick muscled neck. Two pointed incisors came out and she bit deep and drank her fill. When she was done, she licked the wound she had made, and it healed as if it was never there. The creature rose its great head and moved on to hunt. That king of beasts would one day be known as the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
She stood very still. She sensed a great change coming. Climate change happened so often here. There have been so many Cataclysms that it was the norm. Strange how she has seen so many races come and go. Some she has seen change and evolve into something completely different. She would see more to come.
She breathed in the scents as if this would be the last. She looked about as darkness started to creep its way under the canopy of trees. The sun sunk toward the horizon and the moon rose into the sky full and bright. It was a wonderous sight. It just happened to be red like a globe full of blood. She smiled. One day this would mean something special. She could feel it within her. She followed the phases and the days and nights. She counted them. She had a rudimentary calendar of sorts in her mountain cave.
She looked up at the stars. So many of them. Some she noted were no longer there and others were new. There was one that caught her attention. But it was no star. She could focus on it. Here eyes zoomed in. It was an exceptionally large rock that headed here from the sky. It would cause massive destruction. She felt she would have to hide inside the earth for a great deal of time. She went into her cave. Looking back a last farewell to a world that was forever changing. With a wave of her hand rock formed over the entrance and she would be safe.
The asteroid hit the surface and water and left such a deadly impact that today it is called the Gulf of Mexico. The devastation it caused wiped out entre species. But there was a new rise of creatures. Mammals! Not only that. But so many other wonderous creatures. Humans. Who would later be turned into monsters known as vampires!

Continued in
Crimson Prophecies
Crypt 2
Blood Shadows

