

Dancing to Remember and Forget

Dangerous Walker


Copyright Grahame Walker 2013
Published at Smashwords

CONTENTS

Prologue - After
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Epilogue-After
About the Author
The Walkerverse (find out more & connect with the Author)
PROLOGUE- AFTER


The malignant black clouds sit atop the office blocks, pregnant with rain. The wind fights to move the clouds, but they refuse to budge and instead the wind takes to gusting along the streets. 
It seems the winters night has become bored of waiting for the appropriate time and come at noon; and then the clouds burst. People quicken their step, wanting to run, but not being able to in the throngs; umbrellas are blown inside out as soon as they are put up and the people grit their teeth and set their jaws. Nothing stands between the lost and retail therapy. So close to Christmas nobody thinks that this might be God’s vengeance against a people blinded to the truth; trying to fill his or her emptiness with material gain. Rich, poor, intellects and fools; those with dreams and hope, those without. Everyone becomes the same when they hit the streets lined with shops. Each one a consumer, only consuming their own souls.

If God’s angels were looking down they would immediately notice one man amongst the many; he walks slowly, going nowhere particular. Battered hat, his collar up, hands thrust into deep trench coat pockets he scuffs through the crowds head down. Suddenly he stops; a woman with a pushchair nearly runs into his back, she swears at him as she passes; he merely stares at his feet. Then without looking up he crosses the river of people and walks into a bar.
The bar is dark, lit only by lamps. The man thinks that there should be strippers in such a seedy bar, but there are none. 
In fact except for the barman and an old man at the bar the place is empty. The walls are a maroon colour darkened by age and nicotine and the upholstery is ripped and burnt. The old man turns his head and watches the man in the mirror running behind the bar, then he gets up, nods at the new arrival and takes a table in a dark corner, as he passes the crumbling jukebox he hits it and it slowly whirs into life with Deano’s “Little Ol’ Wine Drinker Me”. The bar smells of stale smoke and the musk of people long since gone. Not so much shabby, the bar has a lived in feel, but the man only notices these things subconsciously as his job dictates he must. He takes a stool at the bar, takes his fedora off and looks at himself in the mirror; he has a dirty blonde mop of wavy hair; blue eyes, red from the cold and the tears; perhaps good looking once, but now haggard and stubbly. 
Instead of signalling the barman who is cleaning glasses with a towel, he pulls a paper out of his coat and places it on the table.
“Today’s?”
The man looks up to find the barman standing over him, “No,” he replies in his empty English accent.
“What’s up, my friend?” the barman asks tenderly.
The man gives a hollow laugh. 
“You got the time?” he asks, the bitterness salting the air.
The barman looks around. Pauses. “Yeah. Yeah, I got the time.” 
The man looks at him for a while before replying, “Captain Morgan’s and cola.” The barman pours the drink while the man opens his paper. On the page is a photo of six people with instruments, the headline reads, ‘International Orchestra To Play For Mayor’s Fund-raiser’
“So?” the barman asks.
The man points to a woman holding a violin; though the picture is grainy the barman can tell she is an attractive woman, a country girl he might say, with thick brown hair that seemed to shine in the light. She seemed to be quite tall, slim, no doubt a good looking girl in the flesh. She is smiling and looks to the barman as if she could never have been happier.
“That’s a good-looking girl, yours?”
“No. Once. Maybe once,” distant as a solitary tear drops onto the photo and he throws back his drink. “She used to be blonde; we used to dance.”

BOOK ONE- THE PLACE I WAS BEFORE



CHAPTER ONE

Don’t worry about tomorrow, for today has enough worries of it’s own, Jesus said that and I think he was a pretty wise guy. I never used to think he was the son of God because, well, that would be weird, but then I’ve come to realise that life is pretty odd, so the existence of God is pretty normal. In fact if life is so strange then strange is the norm and so doesn’t exist- it’s this kind of skewed logic that seems to abound and is why I trust scientists less than clergy and clergy less than bartenders. I don’t trust anyone who thinks that life can be answered away with neat little tests and theories. That’s not the world I know. 
It all gets confusing really, I want to leave people to find their own happiness, in the things that they believe, but I can no longer believe that there is nothing underneath, nothing more important than your own happiness. don’t know if I’ve found it, the answer, or answers, I don’t know if any of us did in the end; I don’t even know where they are. Except Jessica, she’s in the garden, but I don’t even know where that garden is anymore.

I wrote a book, a book based on the experiences I had had, the strange journey I had made. It sold well enough so that I didn’t need to work, just write another book. And though my journey was over, it wasn’t complete, there was a post script aching in my bones so I packed my meagre possessions and travelled on again. I ended up in the USA and wandered till I hit a small city I’d never heard of. It felt like the place to write again.

That first morning I awoke in my new room, the late Spring sun was already hot and the city was ripe. Ripe with bustle and stress; talk and chat; hellos, goodbyes and the city’s heart beat in the hot asphalt. 
It was a beautiful city, clean, bright, big enough to be busy, but small enough to be uncluttered. I suspected that there was a sheriff somewhere and he would know everyone by name. ‘Morning, George, beautiful day.’ ‘Morning, Sheriff; yes it is, except for the damn fools I had to bury up on Boot Hill this morn.’ 
The house I lived in was close to what the French would call Grand Place, a large square close to the centre of the city. It was a bit tourist-y with lots of bars and restaurants and had umbrella’d tables and small stalls selling hot snacks and cold coffees, or pictures by local artists in the centre. It would have been tourist-y if any tourists came here, I’m not sure anyone knew this city even existed. I can’t even remember what the city was called, or find it on the map. That probably sounds a bit strange, but a lot of stranger stuff happened out on the city limits. Unlike other American cities there seemed to be no particular layout, no block system, and the streets were wide. Wide and traffic free; here in the summer people left their cars at home and walked or cycled. Without fear. Even at night. It seemed to be a safe haven in a country so riddled by crime it might sink like Atlantis.   

The bright sunshine exploded through the curtain-less window like a shotgun blast and lit the scene. I lay on a mattress sweating inside my sleeping bag, the floor was thick with dust and my nose was blocked. I surveyed my new space, assorted boxes hiding any trace of a home, and sneezed. 
Still, the room was homely with bright sky-blue wallpaper, two bookcases and a wardrobe, well most of one. I didn’t mind moving into such a mess, I had once lived in a place that was worse than this with no promise of getting better. Once? How about most of the time, and it had never been my compunction to make it any different; there was a time not so long ago that I didn’t care about such things. These days I didn’t care for different reasons and that made me care. This room, according to the landlady, had had no one stay for a long time, and they would let me fix it up to my liking and help pay for it. As long as my landlady agreed to the decor. 
There were only two doors, one to the hallway, the other went in to a small kitchenette, and when I say small, I mean it seemed to be a converted walk-in wardrobe. There were shared bathrooms dotted around the four storey building and meals were made for those in the dining room at the appropriate times. 
“Eight am, noon and five-thirty pm, sharp! If you’re not there you can make your own,” Madame Connolly told me in her Irish lilt. She was best described as firm, but fair.
For a better description, she was a large woman, was Madame Connolly, but from photographs I could see she had been a beautiful young woman, and even now that the folds of good living took over, her face still held a timeless beauty. I could not put an age on her and here it did not matter, this is probably not the first time I will say that; it’s funny because I had always dreamed of going somewhere where things really didn’t matter, but when I finally seemed to find one I found it disconcerting.
Anyway.
She was known as ‘Madame’ because this was a ‘cat house’, I could call it a ‘den of iniquity’ or even a whorehouse, but none were right. This was more like a cathouse from the Wild West, where the ladies were seen as classy, giving a service to lonely travellers. And these ladies were classy, not the drugged out pros found on the dark streets of urban wastes. 
There were six women here not including Madame Connolly, all were beautiful. I mean so beautiful I could not believe they would prefer to be here rather than on the catwalks of Paris, London or Milan. Should have seen something in that really; strange that we lay in bed scared at creaks and groans, but when there really is an unearthly howl from outside, or a thump downstairs, something to be scared about, our brains can rationalize it. 
They came from all around the world, the girls, from New Zealand, France, Brazil, Germany, the USA and Hong Kong to be exact. And though there were clashes, of culture, fashion, and all the other things women clash about, they all got on like family. Not one could I justly label a bitch. Not that I always label people justly…
Then there was Billy. Billy was the security, fifty with his muscles sagging he was still a formidable man. Standing at six foot five and weighing in at eighteen stone Madame Connolly rarely had any trouble with her customers, and those who had been foolish enough had taken their bones out the door in a bag. I rarely ever spoke to him in all the time I was there, he generally had his nose in a book, but when we did speak I found him to be soft spoken with a gentle sense of humour and a wise word for those who would listen. To the girls he was a father and a guardian angel. The times I did speak to him were important talks though, he was the wise word in times of need, perhaps a guardian angel to me as well.

I had overslept that first morning and after a shower I went down to the kitchen. It was large and well appointed, situated at the back of the house on the ground floor, with a table in the centre to sit all nine of us at once, though we would generally sit in the dining room for meals, from what I could see all the wood was oak, or maybe it was mahogany, I’m not exactly a wood expert, all I know was that it was dark from being polished. Is that the right word? Or is it lacquered? Either way it was chunky, well made furniture and even the cupboards would have fetched a hefty price I thought. 
When I got in there I found I was not the only one to have missed breakfast, Françoise was pouring milk into a bowl of cereal. With her back to me I had a chance to appraise her; she was about five foot nine, around the twenty-five year mark I would think later, with her dark brown hair cut into a bob. She was slim, but curvy with small, pert breasts and, from what I could see through her sheer gown, an image of a peach came to my mind and refused to budge. 
I walked over to the kettle and flicked it on; Françoise turned in surprise and then gave me a sleepy smile.
“Good morning,” I said unoriginally.
“Good morning,” her smile turned bemused. “You must be Richard.” 
With her French accent she pronounced it Ri-shard and a shiver twisted down my spine.
“Yes, pleased to meet you...?”
“Françoise,” she held out a hand and I took it and gave it a little squeeze rather than a shake, it seemed to fragile.
She sat at the table and began to eat and I turned back to my coffee making. We were both silent, I guessed she was too used to strange men to give me a second thought. My own mind was at the same time both blank and desperately trying to think of something amazing to say to her. I was saved from making a fool of myself by the entry of Madame Connolly.
“Ah, Richard, a good morning to you,” she sat down at the head of the table. “I too would love a coffee, how about you Françy?”
“No, I am fine thank you, Maeve, thank you, Richard.”
Damn, damn, damn! How could I not offer her a coffee! I got a new cup out and put some coffee in it, expensive Colombian stuff, though I am no connoisseur. I turned to ask-
“Black, no sugar,” Madame Connolly said, ‘like I like my men’ I thought with a grin shared only with my twisted reflection in the kettle.
The kettle boiled and I brought the drinks over and sat opposite Françoise, though not directly.
“So you slept well, then, Richard,” a statement not a question. I’m not overly sure Madame Connolly ever found the need for questions.
I smiled. “Yeah, I guess the move took more out of me than I thought.” I took a sip of my coffee and felt the caffeine penetrate my senses like a rain squall in the desert.
Madame Connolly nodded and a bell tinkled. She got up, took her coffee and left the room. I took another sip of the coffee and looked up at Françoise, she was looking back at me and that tingle fled down my spine again.
“So what brings you to our little city?” she asked, another question playing in her eyes.
“I don’t know. I needed to get away from everything I knew. As I drove through I saw the ‘room for let’ sign and thought this was as good as anywhere else,” I said feeling the words false on my own tongue. To be honest I don’t know why it was this city, why I was anywhere near here. Or what made me stop here at this house of questionable moral. But I had, and really that’s when the whys and wherefores cease to matter.
Françoise was silent, watching my eyes. It felt as if she was searching my soul for the truth, and when she smiled I wondered if maybe she had found it. She took her bowl to the sink and left the kitchen without another word. 
I got up to go and continue unpacking when Billy came in.
“Ah, there you are,” he said in his slow Maine accent, “your bed has arrived; help me get it up to the room.” He left again leaving me to scramble after him.

I sat in my room, on my new double bed and thought about the morning’s adventures with Madame Connolly, Françoise and Billy. I mulled over my conversation with Billy, not long by any accounts, but after we had grunted and groaned the bed up the three flights of stairs he offered me a cigarette.
“You don’t seem the type of man to find himself in a place like this,” he said at last.
“Here or this city?” I asked truly unsure.
“Oh, ayuh. I guess there is not really a difference between the two. You find a place like this in London?”
I thought about it. “Well, I can’t say I’ve done any searching.”
He smiled at that. “No, I guess not. This is not a bad place, Mr...?”
“Richard.”
“Mr. Richard.”
“No, just Richard.”
“Ayuh. It’s not like you’d think, Mr. Richard, these are good girls. Good girls without a home or a family. Don’t judge them,” He looked at me with sad eyes, “or Madame.”
I closed my eyes as a cloud drifted across my soul. “Sometimes a person has to do what they can, find some happiness in a place they can be accepted,” I returned at last. He nodded.
“You’ll be alright here, son,” he threw his butt out the window and left.     
I sat in smoking contemplation for a bit longer and then noticing the time and I went down for lunch.
CHAPTER TWO

The second principle of Judo, according to the great master, Kyuzo Mifune, is: strike to kill (resolve any problem with a single decisive action). One of the keys to Budo is to keep your chi energy balanced, to get rid of those things that might unbalance it as quickly as possible. There at the House of Blue Light there was balance, the girls, Madame, even Billy, all lived in a harmony I had not known before, it was as if the normal rules of life didn’t apply there, that this was a safe haven for balanced chi, and just maybe I messed that all up. Thinking back, maybe it was because they really found a haven there, a place for answers, but I was just a traveling man traveling through. Perhaps they should have killed me as soon as I stepped through the door into lunch.  


Which was an interesting affair, set in the Victorian ideal of the dining room. Its centrepiece was a huge oak table spread in a white cloth. Windowless, the walls were decorated in a faint, deep red and hung with an assortment of paintings. The room was lit by a magnificent crystal chandelier that spun webs of light and shade across our conversations. 
From where I sat, half way down the table, I had a view of two of the eight paintings. One was a beautiful water-colour of a woman sitting on a green cliff looking out over the great expanse of ocean. A tiny figure set amidst such greatness, contentment washing out to me. The other must of been a print for it was Edward Hopper’s ‘Nighthawks’ a brooding scene of stories waiting to be told. My eyes could not linger on these paintings for long, however, as lunch was a vibrant, explosive affair. 
Madame Connolly had placed me at the table and it seemed that everyone had a set place, as there were name cards such as at weddings. I later found out that Madame Connolly would place the names cards as she felt fit in order to keep the group balanced, kind of pointless really because they were all friends, but later Audrey told me there was a fairly high turn around so it was good practice to get new girls integrated. To my left was Charlotte, blonde, New Zealander; next to her sat Françoise, Parisian with her mysterious dark hair; to my right, Heidi, Hazel brown, German. Across from me was Giselle, a Brazilian with a flame of red hair. To her left was Jessica, an American with her blonde hair in pigtails; and on Giselle’s right sat Audrey, a native of Hong Kong with hair so black it shined blue in the light. At the head of the table, to Jessica’s left (and Heidi’s right) sat Madame Connolly, and at the other end sat Billy. Why all the hair colours? To tell you the truth it was all I got time to notice during the whirlwind of chatter and giggling. 
Each meal was made and served by two of the girls and for lunch today Jessica and Charlotte had laid out a venerable picnic upon the table. There were three loaves of bread (white and brown); four different types of meat; two big bowls of salad; at least eight different cheeses (including, I was happy to see, that English cheese stalwart cheddar) as well as pâtés, fruit, egg, coleslaw and a host of other foods.
After Madame had said a short grace we tucked into making our sandwiches. Ahh, the humble sandwich, where would we be without this classic invention? It is my opinion that a foods greatness can be measured by how good it sits between two pieces of bread.
This was all a new experience to me, I mean, sharing a lunch feast with a group of prostitutes whom I had never met before. Still they all knew my name and acted as if I had always been among them, so I acted likewise and stupid social worries drained away. That was great about that house, you didn’t have to worry about being anything but yourself, but I guess that was because you weren’t really being yourself anyway. We’d all made up the people we were to protect ourselves and no one here wanted to know, asking questions meant answering them. Tit for tat. 
I would, however, find that it’s not easy to stop asking questions, that some need to be asked and that if you really want answers you have to open yourself up too. But that would be later.
“So where you from, Rich?” asked Jessica in her singsong Virginian accent.
Madame Connolly told her to introduce herself first, which she did with an apology. I reached over and helped myself to some honey roast ham before answering.
“London originally, though I’ve travelled pretty much all over,” I told her (them, really) as I spread mustard on my bread. 
“It’s a very lively city, full of history, I liked it much,” Heidi said.
“Yes, but also very dirty. The Big Smoke, eh?” Françoise.
“Oh! And it rains so much, there is nothing worse than a cold, wet day in London!” Charlotte chimed in. 
“It has its faults, I admit,” I said mock sheepishly and we all laughed. It was a great experience, to be in that room with that carefree laughter ringing. I knew then that I had found a place to call home, at least for a while. 
At least for a while, because nothing lasts forever, everything is good if you keep on the outside. Move to a new place and everyone seems nice and normal, and it seems like you’ve found an ideal settling place, but stay and slowly the politics creep out, who likes who, who did this or that because of this or that and so the perfect world falls into being the same as everywhere else: normal. Utopia will never exist because after a few days everything will become normal and routine and few of us are satisfied with routine, it is after awhile just plain dull.

We continued chatting, just shooting the breeze. I spent some time talking to Charlotte, Charlie, the New Zealander. She had the most wonderful blue eyes, they were what you might call ‘doe eyes’ and it seemed that I could swim in the large pools of azure blue. She told me a bit about New Zealand, I told her a bit about writing and just a shade about myself, that I’d worked on a farm for a little bit while writing.
“I come from Hong Kong,” interjected Audrey, “we don’t have any farms, but you don’t seem much like a farmer.”
I laughed at that. “Well I wasn’t a farmer, I just worked on a hired gang. But yeah, I always wondered what the others thought of me with my posh London accent.”
“Wait, I thought you came from London?” asked Jess.
“He did, but he was living in the North,” explained Giselle. “Weren’t you listening?”
“Sorry,” she blushed.
“Hey, it’s cool,” I said. “You know, I don’t think anyone really cared how I ended up on the fields, we were such a mixed bunch, everyone had a reason for ending up there and they were all good guys, some of the wisest, loyalist I’ve met. I’d trust them before a politician.”
“So, how long have you been in the States?” asked Charlie.
“Not long, just a few months. How about you?”  
“For about two years now, most of it is a mess, but I like it here,” she said in a bubbly, school-girl-exited kind of voice. 
“How did you find this city? It seems quite out of the way,” I questioned.
“Like you I guess. I just drifted this way and found this hidden world,” her face lit up. “Maybe it’s like that film, you know, where that city can only be seen in certain light.” 
“That’s an idea; or maybe the city only reveals itself to certain people,” I joked back, but somewhere deep a bell tolled. This was a strange little city, one I’d never heard of, a little slice of better times. Like Charlie said, ‘this hidden world’.
“So why did you leave New Zealand in the first place?” I asked before taking a bite into my third sandwich and I learned as I chewed not to asked questions. 
She was quiet a bit too long and I looked up at her; she flashed a quick smile and, said: “Oh you know, adventure,” a bit too fast and then quickly: “So you’re enjoying the food I see!” she laughed and seemed back, but I could still see the dark shadow caught in her eyes. I guess everybody had a reason to leave, including me and if I didn’t want to answer that question then it was best not to ask it.

As lunch came to its end, the girls began to leave to get ready for clientele that might come a-knocking. The business here was based on call-ins, Madame did not have appointments, and the doors were closed for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Only Madame Connolly and myself were left seated while Charlotte and Jessica cleared away the plates; I had offered to help, but Madame assured me I would get my chance.
“Charlotte,” she called and when Charlie appeared out of the kitchen she continued. “Why don’t you take Richard and show him around the city this afternoon?”
I was about to tell her not to worry, that I would just have a wander, but Charlie chimed in with “What a wonderful idea!” and “I’d love to,” so now my afternoon of unpacking turned to a tour. I hate sightseeing.

At that time in the day the city was mostly quiet, only the coffee shops and bars around the business district would be buzzing with the end of the lunchtime crowds. The Grand Place was the exception as it was busy twenty-four hours, streams of people breaking apart and reforming across the square where umbrella’d tables sat like islands. It was in the shade of Benny’s Bar and Café’s awning that we found ourselves first. Charlotte had a vanilla milkshake, which she drank from a bright yellow spiral straw. I had a Budweiser, allegedly the ‘King of Beers’, but that was probably because most Americans had never been to Europe. 
It’s sad, but true; your average American knows nothing about the rest of the world. This is a country that likes its isolation, so much so that in order to travel the world it first has to export its culture to the places it wants to visit. I remember being in Sweden with an American who refused to eat Italian style pizza because it wasn’t deep pan like in America. Actually refused to eat it. Still that’s unfair because the other Americans there were very open to European life. I like Americans, they have a built in optimism, they believe their country is great and that they themselves can aspire to anything and, indeed, can look around and point to people who have done just that. But America is isolationist and that leaves many Americans stranded when in other countries and cultures. But then again us Brits do the same. Many of us like to know we can get a good fish and chips and many tourist areas cater for exactly that, a British home away from home. Skegness on the Costa Del Sol. 
But we must travel, there are so many hidden gems that even in this ‘global village’ never get exported. The best example I have found are games, every country I stay in has it’s own sports and board games that never get exported, it seems we import other peoples rubbish and never the best bits, or maybe we all just keep the best to ourselves? In England there is an Australian beer called ‘Fosters’ which Australia exports to us, but doesn’t drink itself… 
And I can see why, it tastes like piss. 

So can a man who does not travel ever be a true man, as can he ever have the full measure of what it means to be a man? Ergo, so many Americans have been drilled with how great America is, they think they are the big man, but they know nothing of the world. Of course it’s not just Americans, many Britons are the same, the difference is that we have the Continent, with a multitude of countries. When Europeans travel through the continent they find themselves in a place completely different from their own country, and yet wherever you go and can feel a common bond on the wind. Despite all our differences, deep down we are all of the same stock, one proud nation. Now America is not like this, where Europeans can cross a border into a new country for holidays, Americans going the same distance find themselves in a new state. A different place, unique in its own right, but also generally the same as where they came from. In Europe we can share our secrets, the wars, the spying, the treachery, it’s our dirty past, but it is our dirty past. All of ours. America has no history, now is the time that American history is forming, in the making, but you have no one to share it with. How great is the barrier of the ocean and how great the loneliness of a country that finding itself geographically alone built walls at its borders. 

I sipped from my ‘Bud’ and its chill felt good on the hot day. I looked over the square, across to the left stood the Government building. It stretched the full length of the square and housed every service the city’s government used and supplied. Opposite us, at the far end of the square stood the courthouse, and both the Court and the Government building shone in the sun. Both were painted bright white and were built in the style of Roman forums. I don’t know why so many American government buildings use this style, with its porticoes and self-serving columns, but it looks strange in such a country. It’s as if, too scared to be themselves, those freedom fighters that first set up the USA hid behind the façade of a fallen political agenda. The Pax Americana. 
Here though, such a style did not seem out of place, a lost style finding belonging in the mismatch of styles that retired here to this city; this strange, wonderful city. 
To our right the buildings were less impressive, but harked back to Late Mediaeval Europe. In fact when you looked more carefully at the intricacies of the years perhaps these buildings were more beautiful. Along the ground floor of these buildings, and the ones along our end, stood cafes, bars, tourist information, banks, bookshops and nick knacks.
Charlotte slurped from her milkshake and I turned to see the liquid swirling up the straw. 
“So, Richard, what would you like to see? I am at your service, squire,” she gave me an innocent yet sultry smile.
I smiled back and told her: “I don’t mind, I’m not much of a tourist. I’m just happy to see the city, tour the bars.”
She laughed again at that and I added that I should see an art gallery.
“An art gallery? I thought you weren’t much of a tourist?” she puzzled.
“Well, yeah, but it’s a rule of mine. You see I reckon the best way to get to grips with a country, state, county, city, is to see the art galleries. It’s where that place’s culture is locked in pigment,” I paused and looked at her over another sip of the King. I felt that perhaps I had said too much, no longer the ephemeral guy you could take around a city, have some fun with and leave. Now I was something more substantial and some people don’t like to see it. To be brought into your world, by you, by your words.
“You’re so right, yes, we shall go to an art gallery and drink high tea, and discuss art and culture!” she said and we both fell into laughter; for a man there is something indescribably wonderful about laughing along with a beautiful woman.
After we had finished our drinks I paid the bill and we left, pushing our way through the crowds we made for the corner where the courthouse and Government HQ met. The road between the two buildings was narrow, but widened so that it was only just too small to fit a market in. That didn’t stop the market and we elbowed our way through the walls of people and stalls, occasionally stopping to try the wares and haggle prices. We managed to surf out of the tide of people after fifteen minutes of paddling and stopped at a small bar/café to catch our breath. I realise that we had only just left one bar, but it was a beautiful day and we had nowhere to be. And frankly it was a time of life where I felt most comfortable sitting behind an alcoholic beverage. 
Nowhere to be but a bar; always the best feeling in the world.  
Once we were seated I found that I had bought an excessively large pot of home made marmalade and a small print of Van Gogh’s ‘Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette’ and Charlotte had purchased a bright red silk scarf and pair of second hand ice skates.
We sat and ate scones with clotted cream and strawberry jam, a pure taste of home, and chatted about everything and nothing. When we had finished she took my hand and we walked amongst the people and looked into shops, and we ran, and we laughed. Anybody watching would have thought we were two young lovers, two who had not been together long enough to fight or get blasé to each others quirks. 
 She asked of childhood summers and my mind was free, floating in a time now forgotten, a time I can remember, but never feel. I didn’t talk of childhood summers of course, I talked about working in the fields, about how it felt to work with the sun beating on your back. The euphoric feeling of exhaustion and the pride of a pay packet however small. A feeling I might never feel again now that I was relatively rich and only had to sit in front of a computer screen to earn more money than I needed.  
I asked of men and she laughed and ran up the street streaming her scarf behind her. She asked about my writing and I thought for the first time about the reasons for my coming to this country crisp with emotions unspent. A strange and wonderful land with a proud, sad heart that beats in every person born to the nation. 
We ambled around the city heading north, it is strange to me, an Englishman, the American definition of ‘city’. In Britain a city is only such if it contains a cathedral, there are a few exceptions, but in America what I might call a large town lived under the moniker of city. We walked down a narrow cobbled street and again I felt out of time and space, how many American cities, or even towns had narrow, winding, cobbled streets? Surely America is young enough to have missed out on this part of road evolution? I cannot name another place in the States that has such streets, though I have not been everywhere. This street reminded me of Belgium and Holland with the upper stories nearly close enough to shake hands, and the lower floors were again filled with cafes, donut shops and small convenience stores, what we Brits would call corner shops. Strange, but in hindsight not so strange, that this city should be a blend of Europe and America, a place where modern America mixed with its roots, a place where I would see my own roots, where I could see my own modernity mixed with my own disinterest of this brave new world. I was changing, no longer was I interested in what the modern world could offer me, I was looking for my own roots, looking for something more than commercialism and material wealth. Which was ironic because I now finally had it. The writer Jack Higgins once said something along the lines of ‘if someone had told me that when I reached the top there would be nothing there, I wouldn’t have bothered’.
At the end of the street we turned left onto a wider road and then right onto East Dock Road, a straight, open street that once lead down to the Dixon River. Now at the end of it was what Americans term the Main Drag. It was in stark contrast to the Grand Place and the narrow snakes of cobbles. It ran the length of the city and here contained the main shopping area with a mall to the west end, small in contrast to those in the big cities, but large in its setting here, and department stores and the like along the street. What amazed me was that there were no chain fast-food outlets. 
We idly shopped for windows and Charlotte tried to convince me to buy a hundred dollar T-shirt just because I could (which I could). After a while we turned off the road, continuing west and came to the Dixon River, which ran parallel to the Main Drag, and crossed it by Main Bridge; had I mentioned the river? Well, yeah, the city was built close to the mouth of a river, no idea of its name, and sat over a tributary, the Dixon. So the Dixon flowed through the centre of the city and into the unnamed river close to its mouth and the city stretched to the coast. It had docks, you know, not the normal kind though. I think this city started as a logging port, but now the docks were filled up with merchants, the American Navy and pirates. All the kind of people who need a secret dock, in a city with no name. 
“So anyway, I said, ‘let me get out of these wet clothes...” I was saying when I realised that Charlotte had stopped on the bridge and I was talking to myself. I walked back to where she was leaning on the barrier and looked down at natures flowing road. The Dixon was around fifty foot across where it idled through the city and was spectacularly clean. Beautiful blue and aqua, the Sun lightly tap dancing across it. In the hot sun people sat on the steep grassy banks and fished or ate, or just sat and enjoyed the day. 
We did not talk and Charlotte seemed preoccupied, I took the chance to really look at her. As I’ve said she had golden blonde hair that she held in a ponytail and her big blue eyes.
Like most of the other girls she was tall, about the same height as me, and like the others she was beautiful: slim with fair size bust and I have to say, a very nice arse. Peaches came to mind again. She wore a white vest and tiny, blue shorts with white trainers, sneakers (I was in a light cotton beige summer suit and a light blue shirt if it helps). 
She wore a pair of those socks that did not show above the shoe, which has always struck me as a shame. When socks become (un)fashionable we are surely missing the bigger picture. Her bare legs were tanned a beautiful silk terracotta, as was the rest of her. Those legs, they seemed to go up forever, I don’t want to sound like a pervert, but I am only a man and I didn’t start the fire. 
She looked at me, still leaning against the barrier, and I was again struck by her eyes, but also about her fine nose and high cheekbones. She smiled a soft, sweet smile at me and suddenly grabbed my hand and started running back across the bridge the way we had come.  

Sitting again at an outdoor table, this one at a pub that overlooked the river. I with a Guinness that wasn’t quite and Charlotte with a Tom Collins. She looked deep in thought, as if she was weighing up the pros and cons of her next words. Finally she looked into my eyes, gave a small sigh that made me want to cry and asked:
“So what about your family, do you miss them?” a faux perky voice.
“Er,” I wasn’t sure where I wanted to go with this, “no not really.” Stupid, I should have said yes and left the building.
“Why not?” She seemed not to want to ask, but had to face it. Why, I didn’t know.
“Well,” the truth nearly came out, but I am better than that and I snatched it back, “I’ve always been a travelling man. I went on a long journey, and well, you know we keep in touch and stuff,” A lie, why bother? The truth will out they say, but not today. For either of us.
“So your home life was shit?” Hearing her use an expletive threw me, the way she spat the word out.
“No, I guess it was cool, my parents were just normal, middle class folk, not exciting, not dull.”
“Oh,” she cast her eyes down and seemed disappointed at my answer. 
“How about yours?” I asked after a moment. This was it, she wanted to talk about her family, but could not quite bring herself to just talk. Her games were an effort to get around the boundaries of her heart.
“Yeah,” she said quietly and then looked me in the eyes. Louder: “just about the same. All parents are the same I guess,” she smiled and the sun glinted in her tears, so close to epiphany, but beaten again by a darkness that feeds on the soul and muffles the heart. It was a shame really, I knew even then that the chance would not come again. For some of us it is easier to talk to a stranger than to a friend. By the end of the day we would be friends and our secrets would be kept for the next stranger. 
I guess that is why so many go to counselors and shrinks; because talking to a stranger is easier than to a friend. We know a stranger can’t use our secrets against us, and if they judge us for them then we will never know it.  
The clock on the courthouse rang through the air and caught in our ears, it was four o’ clock and dinner was in an hour and a half. So I took Charlie’s hand and we wandered back in silence, breathing in the smell of life on the air and in the songs of birds.


CHAPTER THREE

That evening I sat in the lounge reading a Stephen King book, both Giselle (swamped in a jigsaw) and Heidi (looking through the record collection) were in there; Heidi in a long pastel blue dress that glided around her, Giselle was in blue jeans and a white French Connection United Kingdom tee shirt that told us to go ‘FCUK ourselves’. Finally Heidi sat down on the sofa next to Giselle and contemplated the puzzle. She had chosen a song that I recognised as by Death Cab for Cutie, ‘Title and Registration’, about a glove box of all things. 
I looked up as the tune started and took the room in. It was not a huge room, but it was spacious. It had two sofas, two armchairs and various beanbags so that all could find a seat. As well as the stereo, there was a television and DVD player, which would have seemed out of place in any other room. The lounge, however, was quite modern with beige walls hung again with paintings, though none I recognised. Despite my go-to-art-galleries rule I was not hugely interested or inspired by art, I guess words were pictures enough for me. 
The room was at the front of the house with bay windows that let in bright sun during the day and lit the red furniture, yes it was red, dark red, but it was tasteful. Everything in this house was done tastefully, an irony that had yet to fully hit me. 
There was an old fireplace that seemed to still be used and on the mantle sat a number of small, framed photographs as well as a small ornate clock; it was this that chimed the hour.
“I do not see how you can read that stuff,” I looked over to find that Heidi was looking at me in question. I looked down at my book and pondered it.
“Have you read any of his stuff?” I asked with raised brows.
“I saw a bit of one film on the television, a little boy cut the ankle of an old man! It was far enough!” she cried.
“True, he can be a bit horrific,” I relented, “but his books are actually a lot deeper. He uses the horror genre to makes social points. Have you seen ‘The Shawshank Redemption’?”
Now Giselle looked up. “I love that film, it’s so wonderful!” She declared.
“Indeed,” I agreed. “Did you know that Stephen King wrote it?”
“No he didn’t!” Heidi, forcefully. “Did he?” Unsure now.
“Yeah, he wrote the original novella. If it wasn’t for Mr. King I would have never read and I certainly would never have put pen to paper,” I told them.
“So you feel you owe him one?” Giselle asked with a sly smile.
“I’ve always dreamed of seeing one of my books in a shop with ‘one of the best books ever-Stephen King’ across the cover, yeah.”
“It’s good to have a dream,’ Giselle said and I picked up a tremor of vibe from the down turned corner of her mouth. Did she have a dream? Could she reach it, or more importantly, did she think she could reach it? When we die we take nothing with us so whether we reach our dream is unimportant I think, however if we never try then that will be the last thought as we breath our last. ‘Dammit, I never even tried and now it’s too…’ and then darkness and the chance lost forever. 

Heidi slotted a piece of the jigsaw and Giselle looked down to see where it could lead; I went back to my book. I did not read anymore, instead my mind stayed with the two women sharing the room. Heidi was tall, around six foot and had full curves and her hair was a crisp autumn brown. I would later find out that her father was Norwegian, which accounted for her height, the breadth of her shoulders and the natural blond highlights in her hair. Still, she was in proportion and beautifully so, she seemed to be so small and fragile, as if mind and body wished to be two different things. Giselle was the tallest at six foot three, a shade taller than myself, with blazing red hair and a caramel complexion. Looking at her face I felt that I would sink into that complexion, to somewhere warm and safe and then lay back in the green of her eyes and wonder where time had gone. As with Heidi she had a full bust which meant that men rarely spoke to her face, but unlike Heidi, Giselle was proud of her size and enjoyed taunting the men in bars. 
Somewhere it registered that the song had finished and Heidi got up to change it, she only liked that song she informed me as, after some noisy flicking through, the opening chords of ‘Spirit in the Sky’ by Norman Greenbaum filled the room. 
I looked up at Heidi and smiled, I like the tune, it’s one of those strange songs that is overtly religious, but without being so. I don’t know if Greenbaum was a Christian or even believed in God, but he got a pretty accurate picture of the way things go. It’s strange how religion permeates our world and yet the Western world denies it. Look through time and you will see that every society had its religion; it’s as if we need it, a component part of humankind, does it really matter if it’s true or not? 
“You like this song?” Heidi asked.
“Yeah, it’s a quirky little tune,” I replied as my foot took up the beat. 
“Do you dance?” she asked, her head tilted as if listening for a quiet noise. “No, I guess you wouldn’t.”
“Why would you guess I wouldn’t?” I asked. She presumed to know me, but perhaps I presumed to know them too.
“Er, I don’t know. Sorry, I should have just asked you. Most men don’t dance, they play football and computer games,” she said sheepishly.
“Do you dance?” Giselle asked not looking up from her puzzle. She slotted another piece into it and briefly let her eyes flicker across my face.
“You’re right, men are not famous for getting into dancing, but I never followed any of that macho stuff. Yes, I love dancing,” I laid down my book and realised how effeminate I sounded, yeah I was more macho than I liked to admit, but not enough to stop me having a good time.
Heidi sprang over to the stereo and stared sifting through records until she came to the one she wanted. She gave a little gleeful cry and changed the music. It turned out to be No Doubt’s ‘Rock Steady’ album. She bounded over to me, her breasts bouncing to show their joy and took my hands, pulling me up.
“I love this tune,” she said as her body was taken over by the beat. She took my hands and held them between our hips. Then her shoulders took the beat. She grinned at me and then suddenly twisted away and changed the song to ‘Don’t Let Me Down’. Then she was back and dancing around me, shaking her hips and then her arms were around me from behind. We started to sway and I twisted to face her and we began to jive. She laughed as I swung her around and then let my feet take over. Just like every time I dance, at first I am self-conscious, wondering whether I should be here doing this. Then the music finds its way to my brain and all other thoughts but the music leave. No worries, as Charlie might say. So now I am face to face with Heidi, her in my arms, and then we are at opposite ends of the room breaking it free.
As the music changed to ‘Underneath It All’ Giselle got up and grabbed me by the waist and, to the faux pop-ragga beat, we sizzled. Never have I felt the air so sexually charged as when I danced slow and low with that woman. She was lithe and firm; beautiful and she knew it. 
And so the three of us danced to the end of the album and then collapsed onto the sofa worn out and giggly. As much as I tried to be the depressive I just couldn’t stop grinning. 

Good and bad, then. We judge our lives by the things that happen to us, whether they are good or bad. We’ve been through this, are there ‘higher beings’ that affect our lives? Let’s ignore that though; at this moment the question of ‘is there a God?’ cannot be tackled. 
Football. What Americans call ‘soccer’. Arsenal and Manchester United are playing at Highbury; in the stands are two men, both alike. Both are forty-five, both have been supporting their team for thirty-five of those years. Both are medium height, a bit on the thin side, with brown hair and eyes. Both have a wife and two children, a boy and a girl. One man supports Arsenal, one supports Man U. At extra time the score is drawn at one all with two minutes. With only seconds to go, Arsenal slip the ball in the top left corner and win the match. The Arsenal fan is delighted, the Man U. fan gutted. Therefore, this single event is both a good thing and a bad thing. If the event is both good and bad then whether it is good or bad is defined not by the event, but by the observer. This is the realms of Quantum Physics.
Supposition is the term for when all the possible outcomes of an event happen at the same time, and is untestable thanks to the clause that once a supposition is observed one outcome is chosen. This is best illustrated by Schrödinger’s cat, the cat that is both alive and dead at the same time until you observe it and the path of life or death is chosen.
It’s a bit more complicated than that, but let’s take this one step further; if for every event there are a number of possible outcomes, then the event itself is neutral, it is how we observe the event that effects it’s outcome. Therefore, we choose whether we see an event as good or bad. 
So if an event can be bad for you, but good for someone else, then there must be something good to it. If it were really as bad as you saw it, it would be bad to everyone. So, if you can find the aspects that others like in everything, then just about nothing can be a bad event. There is always something good in everything; we just cannot always find it. All of this is theoretical science, but to you and me, in real life, this comes down to appreciating things for what they are. About having a good time through everything, but it is not hedonism. Hedonism is hardly appreciative is it?

CHAPTER FOUR

Madame Connolly’s place, known as ‘La Maison de la Lumière Bleue’, was situated between the Grand Place and Hampton Park. Hampton Park was large, especially for a city of this size; it must have taken up nearly a quarter of the entire city size. It was a beautiful park with a lake large enough to sail as well as wooded areas and play areas for kids. On such a beautiful day the whole place seemed to glow with colour and tranquility.
I sat on one of the benches overlooking the lake and watched a gaggle of geese fighting over bread that a seven-year-old girl was throwing in the water. The little girl, in a yellow summer dress, squealed in delight as her mother, in a matching dress, handed her pieces of bread from the bag.
I sometimes thought about having children, it was a strange thought. The idea of settling down and raising a family appealed to me, though I never really considered that it was something that would happen. I would not say that life went wrong for me, it does not work like that, however I would say my life went strange. Things I wouldn’t even trying to explain, new worlds and people, love, loss, enlightenment, but not yet salvation.
So, though I would like a family, I don’t think the tale has been told, the end reached, the book closed. Maybe when this tale is told, life will hand me control. Maybe not. Do any of us really have any control? We like to think we do, but all the computers, planning, and therapists in the world cannot prepare you for an earthquake in London or a crazy postal worker on your doorstop. So why do we bother trying to control life, why not just relax, float on it’s surface and see where it takes us?   

From the bench I sat upon I looked across more of the lake and in the shimmering light of the reflected Sun I watched kids sailing little boats while others fed the ducks and splashed in the shallow shoreline. I looked down at my pad of paper and it’s empty white dazzled in the Sun and I looked back up to blink away it’s blinding after-image. 
Nothing to write.
I always thought writing would be easy; after all I had been doing it all my life. Now, though, with deadlines and a lot of money on my shoulders it became a burden. I had to come up with a new idea as well as write it into what my publishers wanted, another bestseller. I now understand writer’s block, back when I wrote for fun, it did not matter what I wrote or when and so the words were allowed to flow through me, now the pressure seemed to act like a vice, cutting off the flow of words from my imagination to the page. I hummed ‘Help the Poor’.

It’s not even as if I had no inspiration, I was living in a whorehouse for one, surely there is a great crime novel, or a love story, buried at La Maison, but when I thought of it my mind kept coming back to the girls. Giselle and the way she moved when we danced; Jessica, her seeming naïveté and shy smile. Heidi, bold due to her build, but also a thinker; Françoise, haughty and mysterious and finally Charlotte, tall, statuesque with her feet on the ground and her head reaching for something more. Something that I do not think she had found. I thought again of her asking about my past and her own solemn voice as she told me all was fine. I missed one, Audrey, I had not really met her yet, but the time was now as she sat down next to me.
“You found my bench,” she said softly as I jumped to find her next to me.
“Whoa! Audrey, I didn’t see you sit down. I must have been miles away,” and laid my pad and pen at my feet.
She smiled at me, “I love to come here and watch the children sail their boats, from this bench you get the best view of the lake,” she spoke softly and it was not long before I realised that she did everything softly.
Audrey was five foot seven with her straight black hair pulled into loose hanging bunches. Her hair was truly amazing, so black that it shone with electric blue in the Sun, and her lightly coloured skin set it off so perfectly. Today she wore a short black skirt and a man’s white shirt, looking much like a fantasy schoolgirl. 
“It’s a beautiful park, I can’t believe how green the grass is, it seems to glow,” I spoke sitting back against the bench.
“Yes, there is not really anything like this back in Hong Kong. I really hate big cities, so busy and dangerous,” she paused and looked over the expanse of aqua blue. “Yes, I like it here,” and she let out a sigh that said ‘I like it here, but I can never stay’.
“You know, I’m really in to Hong Kong cinema, always wanted to go there,” I said looking out over the lake. 
“Really?” she asked looking at me, “I’ve always preferred American movies.”
I looked at her, man, that hair, those gently carved cheek bones, the perfectly tan skin, she was incredible. Incredible, but aloof. Not aloof, but quiet. Gentle.
“How can that be?” I asked genuinely interested. I found Hong Kong cinema to be a breath of fresh air.
“Too realistic, American movies are flights of fancy.”
“Well, yeah, but that’s why I like HK films.”
“My father was a Triad,” she said looking back at the lake.
I was lost for words, the great fantasies that Hong Kong films brought to me were a truth for her for most of her young life. I didn’t need to ask her why she had come over to the States, I could guess. Though, to be honest, my guesses were all based on HK films.
I stood up and took her hand as I did so. I could feel resistance, but she finally stood.
“Let’s take a walk in the woods, it’s too hot out here.”
In the cool of the trees we continued to hold hands as the light dappled over us. We stopped at a small pool of water that was left over from the last rain, it reflected the leaves above  and suggested another world through its surface, as if diving in would take us through the wardrobe. That was something I didn’t want to think about. I took her other hand so that we stood facing each other and then for reasons I still cannot fathom I kissed the tip of her nose. She pulled me into a deep hug, her head laid gently against my shoulder. 
We stood that way for a long time.
 
CHAPTER FIVE

Night fell like a jewelled blanket and a bright half-moon lit the streets. While we had been eating, a summer storm had lightened its burden on us in weary drops. It had been hard, but brief and now as we walked down the reflective tarmac it was again warm. 
Twice a week all the girls had the same night off and then were given a late start the following morning. Madame Connolly treated her girls well; as well as someone who uses their bodies to earn money can, I guess. I was never sure whether to like or hate Madame Connolly for what she did. 
Anyway it was mid-week and every one of us, including Billy and excluding Madame Connolly, were going to a bar to hear a band. I was bemused by the whole thing. The band, Creed of Nations, was billed as a hard rock/blues/folk trio (an eclectic style indeed) and was suggested by Billy. I mean, I never dreamed Billy would be into this kind of music, I guess I am guilty of judging Billy on appearance and not person. 
Still, here we all were: myself and Charlotte at the back, chatting; then Françoise, Giselle and Heidi, owning the town (and every man who walked past); and then Audrey, Billy and Jessica leading the way, Jessica in a giggly bounce with Billy laughing at her words and Audrey bemused by her friends endless flow. Asian women are beautiful, their eyes, their slim bodies, that hair, but also their demeanour, yes they are modern, but a background in Buddhism and with a less complete sexual equality, there is a quietness to their nature, a reservedness that is hard to find in the West. A willingness to serve and be served. And some of the most fantastic bums in the world. Man…  
I had mixed feelings about the night, I wasn’t worried, but I was out on the town with the local cathouse residents. How would the locals react to the girls? And to me? Part of me thought that everyone would know, but none would care, as if everyone knew that to be a city there had to be such an establishment and the girls were just fulfilling a role. Part of me still expected that Sheriff to walk past, tip his hat, and wish the ladies a good evening. But then no one seemed to know. The men ogled rather than lewdly suggesting they could have any of them for the right price. It was a weird city.
“Have you seen ‘Night of the Living Dead?” Charlie asked suddenly.
“Yeah,” I thought for a second. “Where did that come from?”
“It was on the TV this time last week; me, Jess and Françoise stayed in and watched it with popcorn and wine.”
“An interesting combination, what did you think of it?” I asked.
“It gave me gas,” she looked across at me and gave a sly smile. I groaned and she laughed. “No, it was good. I guess,” she thought for a second as I stepped onto the road to let another couple through. “Jess hid behind a cushion and squealed a lot and Françy thought it was silly. She only really watches French films.”
“What is this?”
It was Françoise, now the running order was Billy, Jessica and Giselle, Audrey and Heidi and then us.
“We were just talking about that movie last week,” explained Charlie.
“Ah, that zombie film, merde,” she proclaimed.
“See,” Charlie said to me.
“Have you seen it, Richard?” Françoise inquired my way.
“I have, I thought it was very good,” I admitted.
“Argh another one!” she pulled a face, “That was the night that Giselle got into that fight.”
“Oh yeah,” Charlie remembered and then shouted, “Hey Giselle, what happened to that bloke you beat up?”
Giselle looked over her shoulder and then stopped until we caught up.
“Which one?” She asked.
“The salaud who groped you at the bar last week,” Françoise disdained.
“Someone groped you?” I was mildly surprised, but maybe I’m just sheltered.
“Men are all the same, can’t help having a fiddle,” her face was stern, but her eyes were soft, sparkling with the anticipation of a night on the town.
Françoise laughed and added, “Always want to know what’s happening under the hood!”
“Have to fiddle under their own hood if there’re no girls around”
“Enough already, what happened?” I asked, not wishing to be the centre of a male mocking.
“Ah, poor Richard,” Charlie, queen of sarcasm.
Giselle tucked her hair behind her ears and started: “Myself, Audrey and Heidi were at a bar on the drag called ‘El Buerro’.”
“The Bull?” I asked with a smile.
“Yeah, tacky I know. Anyway, there was a group of ‘merchants’ by the bar.”
“Sorry,” I interrupted again, “‘merchants’?”
“Or ‘traders’, that is what they call themselves, but what they really are, is pirates,” Françoise filled in, I, quite frankly, was stunned by the thought of pirates.
“So, yes, these men, there were four, I think,” Giselle continued, “and they were drunk and rowdy when we arrived, but did not hassle us or anyone else. So about midnight, the place is still packed, and I‘m at the bar buying our last round of the night when one of the pirates comes over to me and is like, ‘hello, daaarrling’. Well I am a bit drunk so I decide to humour him while I order and we exchange the usual drunk flirts and then he gets rude, wants to see me in my ‘birthday suit’, that is what he said,” she laughed and so did I, it’s a sad point when men drink themselves down to that kind of level. Still, we’ve all been there so I say no more.
“Then the drinks came and I picked up two and started away, to my back this slug said, ‘Do you want to go halves on a bastard?’ and I was close to turning around and tell him where to stick it, men always push it one too far.
“So then I come back for the last drink and just ignore him, he doesn’t say anything, but when I turn and walk away he grabs my ass! I couldn’t believe it and just. Saw. Red. So I spun around and landed my palm on his nose,” she said with a triumphal grin. 
“Broke it all over his face!” Charlotte laughed.
I shook my head in bemused amazement, these women continued to surprise me, “Well I feel a lot safer tonight.”
Françoise eyed me from head to toe to head. “I don’t think anyone will grope you tonight, Richard,” she said and the three women laughed. Very funny. 
I hummed ‘You Can Keep Your Hat On’. 


The bar ran under the title of ‘The American Duck’, which made no sense and was as seedy as Jessica had described it to me. As I stood in the doorway, staring into the red and blue light, the bar stretched along the left wall, all the way down, and was packed. Along the right wall were booths, secluded, but not enough to obscure the view of the stage that stood at the far end. In-between all of this were round tables with five seats apiece, we weaved through these and found a booth about halfway between door and stage. 
After all were seated and Billy and I had returned with drinks, our arrangement and drinks were: Billy with a bottle of ‘the King’, Giselle then Françoise both with Screwdrivers, then it was me with a White Russian, next to me was Charlotte who was sharing a bottle of red wine with Audrey who sat on the end. In between Charlotte and Audrey sat Jessica with her all American Jack and Coke and Heidi with a Martini, stirred not shaken. 
Charlotte said something to me, but I missed it due to the din of voices.
“What?” I shouted.
“I said it’s noisy isn’t it?” She yelled in my ear and grinned. I mock cleaned out my ear with a finger and then smiled back.
“You come here often?”
“Ooh, are you trying to pick me up?” once again she grinned and finished off her glass. I just shook my head in bemused enjoyment.
“So are these guys any good, Billy?” Audrey asked across the table.
Billy leaned forward. “I don’t know, never heard ‘em before,” he shrugged.
“So you’ve brought us to this dive for a band that could be rubbish?” Giselle exclaimed.
“Well, Dave said they were good, so I thought...”
Collective groan, “Ah, Billy, Dave wouldn’t know a good band if they hit him over the head with a guitar!” Françoise.
“Dave?” I asked     
“The butcher, him and Billy are a pair of old metallers,” explained Heidi. “Do you remember the last band that Dave suggested?” she asked the table.
“Yeah, that, what was it? Thrash Metal, yeah, what was their name?” chimed Charlotte.
“Penile Tissue!” Jessica exclaimed and all the girls burst into laughter.
“OK, OK!” laughed Billy. “They were quite bad, but y’all liked Flintboy Jive.”
“Was that the sort of Jazz rock ones?” asked Audrey.
“Oh yeah, I really liked them,” Jessica piped.
“Yeah, they were quite good,” admitted Charlotte.

I’ve always found bars and pubs strange places, what were once dens of iniquity were now town halls. We all congregate in a room in order to drink liquids that make us feel weird and do things we regret. You’ve got to wonder why, I mean is being drunk really so good that it is worth risking being sick (in public); feeling rough the next day; saying stupid things to strangers etc. I guess it must be otherwise nobody would do it.
I love watching people in pubs, you get to see the entire breadth of the human condition, you can watch how people prey on the opposite sex, how relationships form and break. It is a melting pot for all the people; alcohol has no boundaries, it’s not racist or sexist, it’s not a bigot or a leech. It just is and anyone can partake. But it sells lies, false hope; there is no answer at the bottom of a pint glass, not even a bad one.

The band did not appear for an hour after we arrived and we filled the time with idle chatter, Billy told the story of his first coming to this city and, to my surprise this was the first telling.
In his youth Billy had been a sailor with the navy, had in fact travelled the world and seen ‘action’ though he did not say when or where. The end to his naval career came one night as the ship he sailed upon, the ‘US Untouchable’ was leaving the Caribbean Sea for port. They had been working alongside the Royal Navy catching drug smugglers and were returning home with a giant catch of Cocaine, when a small hurricane whipped up. Now, it was hurricane season in the Caribbean so no one was worried, especially in the metal behemoth within which they lived, even on a pitch black night, the sky scudded with bruised rain clouds. It was the perfect night for Pirate Captain Jed Nelson to strike.
“It seemed,” mused Billy, “that it was an inside job. Nelson knew of the storm coming and that the night it would strike would be black as his very own heart, but he also knew where we would be and with what cargo,” he shook his head.
The pirates came fast in small boats, indistinguishable to radar and eyes in the high waves. It was a hugely risky, daring raid, taking to such angry seas in such small boats. Especially against a navy destroyer, yet the pirates had the element of surprise and, as Billy pointed out, men on the inside. Before anyone realised what was happening Nelson had found his way into the Captains cabin and a number of heavily armed men were in the bridge. Others had taken the weapons store and were herding up the sailors.
“Now, these men were bloodthirsty, oh ayuh, but they were professional. They didn’t harm a single man, they got the shipment of cocaine and, once onboard their own vessel they began to disengage.”
“And how do you come into it all?” asked Françoise mystified, but enrapt.
“Well, you see once they had the coke they came for me,” Billy stated.
“Why you?” This time Jessica, much in the same way as Françoise.
“I was the chef.”
“The chef?” Charlotte, eyebrows raised.
“Aye, Nelson himself came barging into my cabin, he grabbed me off my cot, damn well held me off the ground by my crotch, and smiled,” he paused, it was dramatic and he knew it. I caught his eye and gave him a knowing smile. He nodded back. “‘You the chef, son?’ he asked me in his gravel voice, ‘Yes’ I squeaked back and he nodded and for a second I stared into his eyes. I don’t now what the pits of Hell are like, but I reckon they are a lot like those eyes. Then he knocked me clean unconscious.”
The last chef had tried to poison Pirate Captain Jed Nelson in order to take control, or that was what Nelson believed when he shot the man. So the ship needed a new chef and that man was Billy.

“Ladies and Gentlemen!” cried a man from the stage, it seemed Creed of Nations were about to begin and Billy’s story would wait for another time. Frankly I was disappointed, I love a good yarn. “The all American Duck is proud to present to you: Creed of Nations!” he exited a quick stage left, seemingly not wanting to be on the same stage as the ‘Creed’.
The band members came on stage and took their places and the drumbeat began to roll followed by a hard bass and then the power chords hit. I have to say that they were really quite good and by their third song, a sort of jazz rock combo we were all well lubricated and bobbing along. A waitress came over and we ordered another round in which Giselle ordered a shot of Tequila for each of us. Fine by me, but Jessica pulled a number of faces and Françoise seemed less happy.
“Why is it always Tequila!” She exclaimed. “Give me Pernod!”
“Ah, come on Françy, you know Tequila gets the party started,” poked Heidi.
“Ready, then?” asked Giselle ignoring the complaints. “To those who live and party in the Blue Light!” And between the faces and the long sighs and the grins we all knocked back our shots. Woomph, down the gullet and straight to the head. Boom! Nothing like fine Tequila. Shame this wasn’t it. 
Heidi leapt up, squeezed out of the table grabbing Giselle by the hand and pulled her onto the small clearing in front of the stage. They began to shake their thing; these girls just did not care. Jessica stopped pulling faces and shook her head, she sat still for a second and then flashed the biggest grin, ever, and jumped up:
“C’mon, let’s dance!” she proclaimed and bounced over to the dance floor. 
Audrey got up and joined them, as did others from the bar, men especially. They tried to get close and sexy with the girls and they let them. For a bit. And then they got bored with them and regrouped giggling. They were great dancers, lithe and smooth, it was beautiful to watch, and, frankly, quite arousing. It took Françoise the rest of her drink to get up and go get down, which left myself, Billy and Charlotte. We talked awhile about this and that, laughing a lot, avoiding politics, religion and sex; it was good. Billy saw a number of people he knew and finally Dave turned up and took a seat. 
After introductions, ‘how are yous’ and stuff Dave asked: “You two not gonna dance with the rest?”
“Well, I was just thinking about it, Dave, I’m in the mood to let go tonight,” replied Charlotte with a tipsy smile.
Billy: “Good for you, and you Richard?”
“Oh, I don’t know, these girls would show me up.”
“Look out there, man,” Dave looked to the dance floor and I followed, “no one gets to dance with these girls, but I bet you can! Don’t pass up such chances.” 
“Yes!” Charlotte nearly shouted at me and then jumped up. “Come let’s dance!” 
She grabbed my hand and I was pulled onto the floor. Oh, thank you Dave, you were right. As soon as I hit the dance floor the girls swarmed me and suddenly I had the choice of which of the most beautiful women there I wanted to dance with. I got a lot of evil glances from the other men. It was excellent.
So the band played and we danced and drank and the night wore on. The singer and lead guitarist, hairy even by Early Human standards, shouted for all the ladies to get up and shake their booty’s and gave a nod to the bassist. He launched into a pounding beat followed by the drummer and then the lead went wild. Everyone got up to get down and then a very drunk Giselle pulled an equally drunk Jessica up onto the bar. All the men pulled their drinks out the way and stared up intently, what a view they must have had! Especially when the rest of our group (me and Billy excluded) joined them and started gyrating; amazing stuff that surely only happens in films and bad novels. The bar staff did not seem too bothered by the whole thing and continued to serve around the girls, by the look of things this kind of thing happened a lot here, ‘new local’ flashed through my mind.
I went back and took a seat with Billy and Dave and we three watched the girls and laughed at their antics, and as we laughed I looked over at the big man Billy and marvelled, again I was struck by how stupid it was to judge someone by how they dressed or how they spoke.
“So what was the ending to your story?” I shouted over as Creed of Nations went into overdrive.
“The end? I guess this is the end,” he replied and sipped reflectively. “No, I guess the end is still to come, we shall find out together, all of us.”
I was about to ask him what he meant when Charlotte jumped up onto the table, wiggled her hips and then dropped into the seat next to me.
“Well hello,” I started, but was cut short by a kiss.

  CHAPTER SIX

I sat on my bed smoking a cigarette, humming ‘Under Pressure’, my room had come on nicely, it now had a bed, and a wardrobe that included drawers and my bookcases were looking fuller with assorted books. On the wall my Van Gogh print hung alone and under which there was a small desk and office chair where I had my laptop set up. The window was open and a warm breeze fluttered the dark blue curtains. As I stubbed out my ciggy the kettle boiled and I got up and squeezed into the kitchenette that now included a mini fridge, stacked with beer. At first I had wondered why there should be a kitchenette, but then assumed that not everyone who had stayed was happy to share meals with a bunch of whores, or vice versa. I took my coffee back into my room and sat down at the desk, my laptop blinked emptily at me, but after a sip of coffee I suddenly started to tap in some notes and momentum began to build. 
I was cut short after ten minutes by voices along the hall, one was Jessica’s and the other was the low voice of a man. They were heading to the room that was next to mine. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, then stated to write once more as the two got to Jessica’s door, both laughing at something he had said, she invited him in and I heard the door click. I looked at the laptop screen willing myself to write, but I couldn’t, how could I? I wanted to burst in next-door and drag the man out by his defiling scrotum. Within minutes noises began to emanate through the wall, her muffled voice followed by his, the slight sound of undressing, I grabbed my guitar. What the hell was I going to play? What music could find a place in this situation? Dark, hidden chords of lust and betrayal, the robbing of innocence by worldly men, body-capitalists. As the noises progressed to grunts and groans, the sounds of pleasure where none should be, I played the only thing I could, I played the blues.

I could not do so for long as tears blinded me and I ran from the house, exploding into the heat and down the street, never stopping, running, till the lake in Hampton Park stopped me. I collapsed onto the grass and wiped my eyes. Blinded by the Sun I pulled out my shades and in the UV filter I looked around. The same little girl I had seen last time was again feeding the ducks, though there was no sign of her mother; I watched her for a while before pulling myself up and over to the chess sets spread across a number of tables in the shade of the trees. I sat at one and fiddled with the pieces for a while before setting them up for a game. As I considered what to do with them a small shadow passed and took the seat opposite, I looked up to find the little girl.
“I bet I can beat you,” she told me matter-of-factly.
“Go for it,” I replied and moved a white pawn. She considered my move for a while and then brought out a knight. 
“Where’s your Mummy?” I asked, contemplating.
“She’s at work today. Are you going to move?” I moved another pawn. “I saw you here before, you looked sad then as well.”
I looked up at her as she moved and then she looked back at me, her face open waiting for my lie.
“Sometimes it’s a sad world,” it was the most honest answer I could think of.
“It is sad, but not always, and anyway there are always things to be happy about.”
A small smile touched my lips, “And what are you happy about today?” I asked.
“The Sun, the warm, [warmth the writer in me thought] the flowers and grass, but most of all, the ducks.” She took one of my pawns.
“You’re right, there are many good things. How are the ducks today?” My mood lifting.
“They are fine, though Gertrude is not here today,” she frowned a bit. “Why do adults miss the good things and focus on the bad?”
That threw me; I took her knight, “I don’t know, I guess we think it’s what makes us adults.”
We played on for a bit and after awhile she pondered, “I wonder where Gertrude is today? Have you seen her?”
“Well, what does she look like?” I inquired.
“Like a duck,” she said and moved her Queen. “Checkmate. I have to go home now, goodbye, lonely man,” and with that she jumped up and skipped off, turning once to wave.
I waved back and then looked down at the board. Damn, beaten by a little girl. 

I wandered around the city for some time, soaking in the sun of the square and the cool shade of the narrow back streets. Down one street further out, I guess it was the lower class housing, the slum, but that was wrong, as even here the air seemed bright, the streets clean, this was not the ghetto of LA or New York, but a softer, nicer version, a version that only this city, in all America, could have. I passed a number of black youths hanging on stoops and doorsteps, they watched me pass, but it seemed race meant little in this place. Those who looked, looked through curiosity, none of these people were going to hassle me because of my colour.

It’s strange really, Afro-Americans have been ground to the dust by white men because of nothing more than the colour of their skin. So now that Afro-Americans are making headway and enjoying a freedom that their ancestors could only sing about, you would think they would make sure that no one was ever treated differently because of something as inane as the colour of skin. However, ‘white people’, (what is all this whiteman/blackman thing? We are all just people; these labels exist, I guess, because we still find a need to differentiate. When all are truly equal the only label will be man, woman, person, human.) Anyway, white people are stopped from entering ‘black turf’ through fear of being attacked. Why? Because they are white. Afro-Americans are rightfully bitter about the oppression they suffered under the hand, the foot of the white man. But, bitterness will always tear us apart and it is a huge factor in stopping all becoming one; equal on Earth as in God’s sight.  

So I walked until it came time to get back for dinner, I couldn’t decide whether or not I wanted to go back, to face harsh reality. I had to, of course, this was reality whether I liked it or not. I had spent much of the afternoon resisting the urge to get drunk and deciding whether I should move out of Madame Connolly’s; could I live there knowing what theses girls did for money, but could I move out and leave them? I couldn’t, I felt strangely in place at La Maison, as if I was meant to be there, feeling the way I did, encountering the situations I was. Yes, I should stay; let life play out what it had planned.

At dinner I sat in-between Audrey and Giselle and opposite Jessica, who I found it hard to look at. I managed and chatted, could never quite meet her eyes, and felt that she was trying hard to make me. Heidi and Audrey had concocted a stir-fry, a blend of Far Eastern promise and German engineering. It was delicious and I felt stuffed after the apple pie and ice cream dessert. 
When all were finished and those who were working had left I went into the lounge and put on some music, I don’t know what, I just turned on the stereo. I sat there and smoked a cigarette, finishing my wine from dinner. I sat and stared at one of the prints on the walls, two women dressed in 1950s style, stood defiantly in the centre and in the darkness of night behind them a cars headlights illuminated them. Though the two women, casual yet haughty, reminded me of the women here, I was caught by a man in the background.  He was permanently caught walking under a streetlight, his trench coat collar pulled up, a fedora pulled down covering his face. A man caught in the light, but shrouded in darkness, a silhouette in an unreal world.
I was aware somewhere that the door had opened and someone had entered. I turned around to find Jessica standing before me. 
“Thinking about the man in the hat?” she smiled a soft smile. I stood; for some reason I started humming Hendrix’s ‘Dolly Dagger’ in my head. “Thank you for the song, I could feel your heart,” she said, then she put her palm softly against my left cheek and kissed my right. Before I could say anything I was again standing alone, caught in the streetlight.

It wasn’t long before I was again playing my guitar, this time for all the residents of La Maison. It was Sunday night and all the girls had the night off (they did not work on Sundays) and we had been to a quiet bar on the Grand Place earlier in the evening. The bar had been painted a pleasant yellow, its interior was wood and chrome. With little trade it was as mellow as you like. I made a good connection with Jess that night, we laughed long. I made a good connection with all the girls; you know how you spend time with people building the ground work of friendship and then suddenly it hits you, a sudden moment, a hidden sunrise, a joke, a kind sentiment, and you know that then and there you are now friends. We really laughed together and I felt comfortable as myself. And, perhaps, that is the one key element to friendship. Sounds stupid on my tongue now, I wasn’t comfortable with being myself as I wasn’t being myself, none of us were. Maybe if we’d taken the chance to be honest this story would have a different ending. Of course it might have been a worse ending. 
Anyway we all sat in the lounge, even Madame Connolly along with Billy. Madame Connolly and Billy went to church on Sunday mornings and went to a bar in the early evening where they quietly talk over wine. That’s what she said when I asked, I don’t know that they did, no one seemed to even know where they went, let alone what they talked about. But it was their quiet time and it was respected. So what this all came down to was that we were all sitting in the lounge a bit drunk, and still drinking. Foolishly I had left my guitar in there the following day.
“Hey, Richard,” ooh, it still gave me shivers when she used that name, “is this your guitar?” Thank you, Françoise. 
“I have heard that you are quite good, why don’t you play for us?” It wasn’t really a question, I knew I was going to have to play and so did she; that was the twinkle in her eye.
Audrey passed the guitar and I took it into my arms. 
I feel that it is important to name things; it gives you a connection to it. This is a practical point as when you start seeing objects as personas then you tend to treat it better, look after him/her. This, of course, gives you longer lasting stuff, and, it’s good for the soul. So my guitar is named Mary Jane after Spiderman’s girlfriend in the comic books. She was always for me the perfect woman, and Mary Jane and me have been together for a long time.
I strummed a few chords to check her tuning and then looked sheepishly around the room, all eyes burrowed expectantly. I looked down again and started to play. It’s strange playing in front of people, it’s like dancing; at first you are hesitant on your instrument because of your awareness of the others, of failing. As you play, however, the music takes you in and you forget about those around you as you make the music happen. So it was for me, I could not get a good strum going, but as I concentrated more, the more I focused. That’s when there is nothing else but you and the music, and then you stop concentrating. I played a few blues chords and then went into some folk. I got beaty and Madame Connolly started tapping her hand along (careful not to spill that red wine). That really got me swinging and I went through jazz and country before once again realising there were others in the room. I stopped. I looked around. Were they all going to look happy or would they all bear pained grimaces…
All seemed delighted, my spirits soared and then they all started talking at once.  
I played some more of my own tunes, showed off really, and then requests started coming in. I played some of the old favourites and Madame Connolly and the girls sang along, even Billy sang along to ‘Knockin’ on Heavens Door’. To end the night I played and sang ‘Days Like This’ and finished with an old blues shuffle called ‘The Lost Get Back Boogie’

CHAPTER SEVEN

I spent some time in the morning writing, playing around with some ideas, nothing great. The pressure to pull out a book like my last was enormous. If you think the pressure to succeed is great, the pressure of being successful is greater. No doubt.
I kept thinking of the little girl at the park; I wanted to go and find her, challenge her to another game of chess. More than that though I wanted to ask her questions. Questions; questions that we adults have lost the answers to: why is sex now more important than love? What makes a man kill for money? What’s the truth? Where is it? 
I wanted to write about that little girl, that little girl and her chess. Not the easiest topic to weave a story out of; I decided to go and buy a chess set. Walking down the corridors I could hear some of the girls at work and my stomach turned. I hastened down the stairs and out of the front door, just as a client was coming in. I nearly barged him down the short flight of stairs, if I’d thought about it I would have. And then stamped on his face. Giselle who had answered the door yelled after me, but I was gone.

Chess, chess, chess, chess, chess, chess. Chess. Chess. CHESS. Chess. I collapsed, out of breath, onto a seat outside a café. The sun was bright; I slipped on my shades and ran my fingers through my hair.
“What can I get you?” 
“Double scotch and water,” without looking up.
“This is a café, sir. We don’t serve alcohol,” the waitress replied.
I looked up at her, “No. Right, of course not. Er, I’ll have a cup of tea then please.”
The waitress gave me a look and then wandered off to find a non-alcoholic customer. I should have ordered some cake. Damn.
Chess, it just kept going round and a-round. I felt like I was living in a game of chess, only able to move in certain ways, moved by some unknown hand. I wondered what piece I was, not a pawn, but not the queen. A knight perhaps, leaping around, forward and one to the side. Could I be a knight though? Who would I save and could I defeat the dragon? What was I talking about?
Suddenly I saw a flash of yellow dress push through the crowds across in the square; I shoved back my chair and rushed toward where I’d seen her, spilling my tea out of the poor waitress’s hand. I duck/dodged/dived through the thin crowds trying to find my little chess opponent. After what must have been ten minutes I stopped in the middle of the Grand Place and did a slow 360 degrees. No sign of her; could I have imagined it? Then: no, there she was, going down one of the side streets, I shouted and ran after her.  
No sign of her when I reached the street, this was hopeless, why was she running from me anyway? What was going on here? What was this crazy city? Suddenly all these thoughts and more came swimming into my head. For the first time I realised how weird all this was, like a dream. All the things you never found in life were here, all the thoughts you never thought, all the questions you never thought of asking, and all the people you wanted to meet. My brain tilted and I stumbled along the street, for how long I don’t know, until I came to a small diner and collapsed at a table next to the window. 
“What can I get you, Hon?” The waitress
“Cup of tea, please,” Me. Without looking up.
“How ‘bout a coffee?”
Now I looked up, her face slurred into focus, “Er, yes, fine.” She left, I looked out of the window, she made coffee, I thought about a chess set and a little girl in a yellow dress. 
A quartet of fifty-fifty male and female, all about eighteen I guessed, sat at the table behind me. 
“Man, you should have come to the Hotel last night, it was totally groovy,” said one guy to the other.
“Oh, yeah, Jono, way far out, we danced all night,” chimed in one of the girls.
“Yeah, yeah, and the people are all so cool and laid back, you could just chill. Or whatever you wanted. No idiots spoiling the atmos.,” added the other.
“Sounds cool, I’ll come next time, definitely,” retorted Jono. “Where is it anyway?”
“Easy just follow the Ridge Road out into the desert and after about an hour you can’t miss it,” told the other lad.
“Who’d build a Hotel out there anyways?” Asked Jono.
“Dunno,” replied one of the girls, “maybe it’s for people with secrets.”
My mind cleared and I got up and left my second hot drink of the day.
I walked towards home my mind running through the overheard conversation: ‘follow the Ridge Road’; ‘it was totally groovy’; ‘No idiots spoiling the atmos.’. I wound through the back streets avoiding the main roads; ‘danced all night’.
I watched shoppers and office workers weave between each other (‘danced all night’); I thought about this town and all it’s crazy normalness, all it’s easy rhythm and underlying blues (‘Who’d build a hotel out there anyways?’), I stepped into a bar (‘Who’d build) took a stool at the bar (a hotel) ordered a beer (out there anyways?’) took a long draught letting the amber liquid cool my throat and mind.

‘Maybe it’s for people with secrets.’

BOOK TWO- Sweet Summer Sweat  


CHAPTER EIGHT

I got up late a week later, not so much had happened since I fled the house. Sometimes you think that you can’t let things go, but then when no one else seems affected like you, you can slip back into their world. And so, though I didn’t know how I could continue to live with these women doing what they did, when I got back and no one cared I just ceased to. Hell, I guess if they were cool with it then really I should be; but that’s not quite it, I think our brains look for the most comfortable position and so if we can forget about something that bugs us or upsets us we do. I guess it’s how people ignore poverty and crime. 
It was only when I was alone that it snuck back in; I guess our brain never quite lets go because the night can always suck it all back out. 
We had a good week really; business was low which gave us all time to hang out. I was up late the night before talking to Jessica; just the two of us had ended up going to a bar way off the Grand Place, into a part of town I hadn’t been before. 
“None of the girls really come out this way, I guess no one does,” she explained as we walked. It was dark and a rain left the streets awash with reflections. 
We walked along streets of tenements as if we were a radio dial passing Beethoven coming through one window, the Beastie Boys blaring from a circle of youths on a stoop. Buddy Holly singing us to ‘Rave On’, The Vapours were ‘Turning Japanese’ at the next corner and at the next we found a small bar. 
“This is my favourite place,” she said quietly. I had a strange feeling this was somehow a special moment for her. I remember hating the feeling, and hating myself for hating it, but I just did not want to get involved with Jess’s affairs, I just wanted to waft through life with no real attachments. But then I guess if you’re attached to the Earth then you’re always gonna be attached to someone. 
Earlier in the evening Jess, I, Françoise and Charlie had been in the dining room playing cards at the table, we had been chatting about all sorts and as the game was coming to a natural close we somehow got onto religion. I won’t go into it, but suffice to say that Jess got quite animated about the whole thing, especially the idea of a loving Christian God. Françoise was the first to go and then Charlie had to go and ‘see to’ a customer. That kind of killed the conversation. What do you say when your friend has to leave a conversation to go bang a man for money? 
“Let’s get out of here,” Jessica suggested and got up. I didn’t argue, and we found ourselves at this bar, where we took a table in the corner.
“Nice joint,” I said, and it was. Bright with cream walls, clean tables and comfortable chairs, the nicest pub I had been in so far. The juke was playing ‘You Make Me Feel Like Dancing’ by Leo Sayer. A Classic.
I went to the bar and ordered drinks, whiskeys straight up with beer chasers, ‘Silver Bullets’ with the alcohol content of a little girls stomach.
“So we have not spoken much, Richy,” she stated
“Well, we have, not deeply though I guess,” I remembered back to the conversation with Charlie about our parents. I started to have the same feeling.
“What brings you to this town?” she asked quietly.
“Just drifting, I guess.”
“No one really just drifts, Richy. Don’t you think?” You’re not supposed to ask questions, Jess.
“How do you mean?” I asked and downed the whisky.
“It seems to me people who travel without a home are either running from or trying to find something,” she said slowly, an aura of sadness around her. 
This is not the place I wanted to be, the long conversation about religion had drained me. It had made me think of things I had been avoiding, questions that I had been avoiding. 
“Which one are you?” I asked. Sometimes you just don’t want to go there, but something drags you along just the same.
She sat silently for a while, “What are you trying to find?” she asked choosing to ignore my question.
“How do you know I’m not running?” Sometimes I ask too many questions, maybe that was why she took me there, a secret place to ask questions you’re not supposed to.
“You look like you’re searching; it’s in all you do.”
Right… “And you, what are looking for?” another damn question.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“So you don’t have to answer mine either,” I shot back, but I knew she had asked to be asked.
“Peace,” simply. She downed her whisky.
That should have finished it, but it hadn’t, then I realised and blurted, “and what are you running from?”
The jukebox started with ‘Brandy’ by Looking Glass, Jess stared at me and then, “Shall we dance?”
“Yeah,” I said softly and we danced slow.

I smoked a couple of cigarettes for breakfast, sitting at the kitchen table. I pulled my hand across my face. This couldn’t be the right way to live; I felt strain from just living and again thought of moving on. Where would I go? Somewhere else in America? Or perhaps go and explore more of Europe or go into the East. With the world as my oyster why was I here? 
Chess. Damn, if I left I couldn’t write my book, it was based here. All the inspiration was here. I needed to go find that little girl again, it just seemed to me that she was my book, somehow the centre-piece of the story that was slowly ebbing onto the electronic page.
“Morning, Richard,” Madame Connolly had appeared.
“Good morning, Madame,” I said, coughed and stood.
“Sit down, Richard,” I did and she put the kettle on. “Tea?” 
“Please.”
She came and sat opposite me when the tea was ready, “How are things going, Richard? Are you sleeping OK?”
“Yes, sorry, a bit of a late one last night. You know in England the pubs all close at eleven.”
“Yes, such a silly rule,” she replied and took a sip of tea. I did the same.
“You were out with Jessica last night.” A statement not a question.
“Yes, she took me to a bar,” I replied feeling somewhat dodgy.
“It is good you are getting on with the girls, it is good for them to know nice men.” I agreed with a nod. “Do not get too,” she paused choosing her words, “close to them though. People come and go.”
I took another gulp of tea and burnt my tongue. I knew what she meant, yes there would be parting, but up until that time these are working girls. Not the kind to get involved with. She watched me while I thought.
“One day they will need to escape this world,” she shook her head sadly. “This is not their world.”
I took her meaning; I was not the type of person they should get involved with. What did that mean? Who was I? What world did she mean? Could she know things she couldn’t?
“I’ve got to go, Madame, thank you for the tea,” I gulped the last down and got up and went to the door. She stopped me with a quiet ‘Richard’.
“Yes?” I did not turn to look at her.
“This doesn’t have to be your world either,” a hushed sadness.
I stood at the door a second and then was gone.

The day was hot and sunny again, I squinted my way toward the park and found a chess set in the shade. I sat there and waited. I don’t know what I expected; would she just show up out of nowhere? Come and tell me what it all means? I guess that is what I hoped.
I waited for a while. I don’t know how long; I busied myself with thinking through chess moves. A shadow hung over me, I looked up with sharp hope.
“Would you like a game?” the old man asked.
“Sure, why not.” Deflated.
We played a while in silence, I was having a good game and it cleared my mind.
“Don’t find many men your age round here,” the man said which I, perhaps unfairly, took to meaning ‘why aren’t you at work, sonny boy?’
“No, well, I’m a novelist and I come here for inspiration,” I replied. He looked up and scrutinised my face.
“I’ve read some novels, what’s your name, then?”
He asked. I told him a false name, hey I’m a writer names I can come up with in a second, excuses take a little longer. “Never heard of you,” he retorted and took my bishop.
“That’s too bad,” I replied and took his queen. Ahh, sweet satisfaction. “I’m really quite good.” He ‘humphed’ and I beat him in another six moves; he left without a word while I grinned triumphantly.
“You shouldn’t be smug,” she said as she sat down.
“Well why shouldn’t I be? He thought he was better than me. And you shouldn’t know smug at your age.”
“So?” she asked matter-of-factly as she began to set up the pieces, and ignore my jibe I deflatedly noticed. Deflated seemed to be the feeling of the day. 
“Do you always where a yellow dress?” A good change of subject. 
“I like yellow,” she finished her job and moved a pawn. 
I moved a knight. 
“Do you know what a prostitute is?” I asked and she looked up. Saying it now I don’t know why I asked; I guess when you’re faced with the unusual you do the unusual.
“I’m a little girl,” she replied.
“Yes,” I said quickly, “sorry,” I fumbled for words; maybe I had got it all wrong.
“Why do you ask?” calmly, and I wasn’t sure she was so little after all.
“Do you think it’s wrong?” 
“I suppose it depends on why she does it,” she replied and moved another piece. Good point. But wait, how did she know?
“But do you think any reason is good enough to do such a thing?” we played on for a while; I played badly, I couldn’t keep my mind off the fact I had asked a little girl if it was bad for a woman to have sex for money, and couldn’t take back the question. Who was this little girl?
“It depends on who the judge is. We all do things that people judge to be wrong.”  
We played on while I thought about this and then finally my thoughts came to a conclusion and I said: “How do you know that if you’re just a little girl?” 
“It’s just what I thought,” she replied in innocence. 
She thought and moved and then said, “Sometimes people judge without knowing the full story, and maybe they wouldn’t judge if they knew.”
“And that makes it OK, does it?” I spat; I couldn’t hide anger even from a little girl.
“I didn’t say that,” I took a pawn, “don’t you have any secrets?” She took a bishop.
I was angry, angry because it wasn’t right and this little girl was turning it against me.
“That’s not the point!” I took another pawn, she took a knight.
“What is your point? Maybe you need to go let off some steam, mister,” she said and took a rook.
“Dammit!” I shouted. And deflated again, “Maybe you’re right.” Sigh and face rub. “I, I just, man. I don’t know what’s right anymore.”
“I have to go,” she got up and started to skip off. I called after her and she stopped and turned.
“What’s your name anyway?”
“Alice,” she called, waved and skipped off. I looked down at the chess game. Checkmate, damn it.

We are judgmental creatures; everything we do involves making judgements. We make our choices based on how we judge things; we might decide not to stop and eat in a restaurant because of what the decor is like or the clientele, not knowing what the food is like. We also judge people on their appearances, we talk to the people we think will be interesting or funny, those that look different from us we avoid. Dress like a tramp and watch people turn their nose up at you, even if you have a degree from Cambridge. It keeps us isolated in an ever more isolated world; we talk of peace and unity, but won’t speak to our neighbours because they are ‘different’. 
We judge people by their actions little knowing the situations that force them to make such actions; we hardly ever question our own perception, never want to look further, get deeper. ‘Don’t judge a book by its cover’ is a cheap cliché, but it’s also true, isn’t it? 

CHAPTER NINE

We had lunch the next day in the kitchen, Giselle and Jessica had made a load of sandwiches with bowls of salad and other assortments. It was supposed to be a small lunch as Madame had to go out. They get carried away in the kitchen; you got to love that in a woman. 
Billy was telling a story about the butcher’s cat being chased by the baker’s dog, a story that ended with the cat darting into the butchers shop and nearly losing its tail to the cleaver as it ran across the chopping board. The dog went skidding into a Mrs. Johnson who was trying to get a leg of lamb sans cat. Mrs. Johnson ended up on the floor at Billy’s feet while the rest of her shopping spilled over the floor to be munched on by the baker’s dog, who then nearly lost a lot more to the Butcher’s cleaver.
It was the girl’s night off and so there was also discussion of what to do with it. We hadn’t all gone out together since going to see Creed of Nations and a group night out was much touted. But where?
“How about that trendy place down on the drag?” asked Jessica.
“Ah, it’s a bit swanky don’t you think?”
“Tsk, every girl needs swanky once in a while, Giselle,” purred Françoise. 
“True,” Heidi ran a hand through her hair. “It has been a long time since we got dressed up.”
“If we’re talking about ‘Bakers’ then I can think of better places to get dressed up for,” came in Charlie.
“Like?” I asked. 
“Well,” she thought, “how about ‘The Red Room’, or ‘Henrys’?”
“It is pronounced ‘En-ree’, c’est Français,” Françoise despaired.
“Whatever, it’s still better than ‘Bakers’.”
“Oh, yeah, Henry’s would be great! It’s so nice there,” Jessica bubbled making sure to pronounce the name right.
And so it was decided.

I spent the afternoon thinking (who’d build a hotel out there anyways?) and writing (Once upon a time there was a little girl called Alice) and generally waiting for the evening to come. Once I had chased another elusive woman who had appeared to me in her own time and tide. Was I afflicted?
I needed a good night out. Something to release all the pressure I felt inside. Man, there had to be more to life than this. No that was stupid, I was living the life I had always wanted to, I was free and travelling; I didn’t work in an office or worry about bills or mortgages or a spouse or kids. So why was I feeling so unhappy? What I needed was someone outside of all this to talk to, someone who I could confide in, laugh with, someone who was not a part of this crazy dark-light world. 
The night out would be good though; perhaps it was just the pressure of the book. And perhaps it was just that, but looking back now I think I could sense where everything was going, that somehow I knew I was part of something; but then aren’t we all? I mean life’s a journey right? So we’re all part of a plot we’ve no real control of.  
The evening came soon enough and we decided that we would also eat at ‘Henry’s’, which was an excellent choice as it was my turn to cook. Perhaps that’s why they chose to. 
The girls looked absolutely stunning: Charlotte in a little black dress; Françoise in a black blouse with grey trousers; Giselle in a little red dress that accentuated her flaming hair; Heidi was beige trousers and a backless brown top. Jessica was in a white shirt with a short tartan skirt and knee length socks while Audrey completed the set in black leather trousers and a tight black T-shirt. ‘Hot momma’ is a turn of phrase, I believe. I did my best in a cream summer suit without tie.
“Ladies, you all look amazing!” I complimented and opened the door.
“You scrub up nicely to, Richard,” returned Françoise and I got a gaggle of ‘Mmm’s and ‘Ahhh’s and as each girl passed me they gave me a small kiss. One of those great moments when it suddenly strikes you that maybe life isn’t so bad after all…
Billy came past last in his wrinkled brown suit, “I won’t offer you a kiss, son,” he said bemused.
“Ah, Billy, I’m disappointed.”
“You’re in my prayers,” he replied and exited. I remember thinking it was weird because I never thought Billy would pray. Then I closed the door and we flagged down a couple of cabs.  

‘Henrys’ did not disappoint, it was very tastefully decorated with hushed lighting and soft, ambient jazz playing through hidden speakers. In a word, posh. We ate well, I can’t remember what we all had, but I know we polished off a few bottles of wine over the meal and then sat and drank cocktails and chatted. 
“No, it wasn’t like that!” protested Heidi.
“Oh, it was!” argued Giselle.
“That is the way it looked,” chimed in Jessica.
“No, no. Let me explain,” started Heidi.
I turned to Charlie next to me, “It never ends, does it?”
She smiled, “No, no it doesn’t.” 
I looked at her for a while. “You remember when you took me out to see the city?”
She smiled again, “doesn’t that seem like an age ago?” she exclaimed. It did and quite possibly was, I had no idea how long I’d been there, time just seemed to have a lax attitude in that city: ‘Oh, yeah, I’ll tick onto the next second in a minute, I’m just watching Bridge Over the River Kwai.’
“We never really finished our talking,” I pushed.
“About what?”
“About family, about the past.”
She hesitated, “It’s not really interesting, Richard,” the other girls erupted in laughter about something.
“I think it is, though,” I didn’t know why I was doing this, it was something I had thought about that afternoon, about questions; about pushing just to see what would happen. 
“Why, Richard, why?” she sounded impatient. 
“Because I want to be friends. Friends shouldn’t have walls, or they’re just acquaintances,” I replied.
“You don’t want to know our pasts, Rich,” softer now, “they’re not nice, you don’t get to be here doing this with a well adjusted home life.”
“And?” I shoved.
“Richard!” slurred Françoise. “Richard, could you help us?”
I broke my gaze from Charlie and grinned at Françoise and the other expectant girls. “What can I do for you, ladies?”
Audrey: “Is Giselle’s hair red or just plain ginger?” she gave a small hiccup.
“Er, I’d have to say it’s red,” I replied to many groans, but an enthusiastic ‘thank you’ from Giselle.
“There’s a space in my bed for you tonight Richard!” she exclaimed. Too much booze. 

Too much booze, possibly the main cause of so many social problems, it seems that every time we drink we risk someone getting hurt. Once it seemed that only the sad and lonely got drunk, and I mean utterly smashed. But now it is the cool thing to do, to go out and deliberately get smashed and act like a fool. To embarrass ourselves, to score with ‘ugly’ people, to vomit and fall over. Think about it, how did that become a cool thing to do? Maybe it’s because we are all a bit desperate these days, all looking to escape something we can’t name. An inner loneliness. And hey if you can make everyone believe escaping desperation is cool, well maybe it isn’t so desperate anymore. 
I’d like to think that what followed would not have happened if it wasn’t for the booze, but I think that all these events were linked, were supposed to happen. We left Henrys and the cool fresh air sobered people up a bit; no one was too wrecked to walk, high spirits keep alcohol at bay. We walked along the drag and turned off toward home down a street full of bars and small take-aways. Only a few of the bars were open at this time and as we passed one called ‘Ralph’s’ we heard ‘Eleanor’ by The Turtles playing and Charlie stooped.
“Oh, I love this song,” she told the group.
“Shall we go in, I could stay out a bit longer,” said Audrey 
Giselle, “Yeah, sounds good!” 
We went in though Billy chose to leave us and go to bed (“I’m an old man, y’know”). The bar was packed even this late, mainly with men, and all dolled up we stuck out a mile. By the time we got to the bar we had had a dozen whistles and comments. I got very uneasy very quickly, but the girls seemed not to notice. 
They muscled us room at the bar, no mean feat, and we ordered spirits with mixers. The juke started playing ‘Pushin’ Too Hard’ by The Seeds. We chatted above the din, I talked to Françoise about places I’d been to in France and places she’d been in England. We were next to a group of men who looked like sailors of some kind and out of the corner of my eye I could see them eyeing the girls. I got uneasier, judging people on their appearance again.
“He’s a lucky bugger, ain’t he?” I heard one say.
“Can’t see that it’s reasonable that he should get them all,” his mate, “Oi, suity!” I ignored him. “Oi, posh boy, how about sharing the wealth?” 
“Well, that wouldn’t be up to me,” I retorted.
“Well, I guess not,” said a third man. “How about it ladies, want some time with real men?”
“I can’t see any,” Giselle lashed back.
“Ooh, a feisty one, that’s what we like!”
Heidi: “Go away, please children.”
“You better watch it, love,” growled the first man. 
‘I Get Around’ by the Beach Boys started up.
“Come on, ladies, it’s your last chance,” said the third through a grizzly beard.
 “At what?” Charlie.
“Why at this,” said the second calmly and then grabbed Jessica, the closest, by the waist.
In a flash I was between the two of them, pushing Jess back. Nose to nose with Bluto, I briefly thought how these girls would be the death of me. And briefly thought that there were worse ways to go out.
“That’s enough, man,” I said, part of me hoping that this would turn ugly and I would end the night stone cold.
 “You’re right,” he said and turned away. He got two steps when he swung round, his fist flying to my face.
I ducked and drove my fist into his gut; he went down as his mate came steamrolling towards me. I grabbed a bottle of beer off the bar and smashed it across his head.
Another man went for me and I shoved him back into someone else, who then hit him. Someone’s drink was spilled and took exception, with their fists.  
And then the place exploded.


The girls were already making a move to the door and got there just as every man and his dog started talking with their knuckles. I fought my way through, breaking this man’s nose, kicking another in the balls as he tried to bottle me. A chair smashed on my back and I went down; someone picked me up just to punch me, but got bottled before he could, I swung around dazed and confused like Led Zeppelin and saw Giselle’s red hair by the door.
I head-butted one man, cut my knuckle on someone’s teeth, and launched my way out onto the street. 

The next morning went by in a hung over fuzz, I went to lunch, I think, but can’t really remember it, I sat in my room and drank tea and smoked cigarettes and let my mind swim with the room (Man, you should have come to the hotel last night). I hurt all over, my knuckle ached where I had cut it and I found in the shower that someone had cut my shoulder. Due to the shards still in the cut I presumed with a bottle. Ouch. I thought over the last night, how had things gone so wrong? I remember walking home in silence Jessica crying softly and Heidi nursing a bruised arm (it was totally groovy). Why were some people so damned stupid? Why couldn’t we all be left in peace? Because that was isolation. What has happened to peace and harmony? I just wanted to find somewhere where (the people are all cool and laid back) I could just relax without having to worry about all this stuff, I needed to get out of the city (Man, you should have come to the hotel last night).
It was late afternoon when I heard the scream. It came from down the hall. It came again and there were muffled shouts from a man and then more shouts from a girl. From Françoise. I bolted out of my room and down the hall, the shouts got louder as Giselle, dressed in a robe was banging at the door.
“It’s locked!” she cried. “It shouldn’t be locked!!”
I stood back and kicked the door at the lock, and again, and again all the time struggling and shouting coming from the room. The door splintered inwards and I stormed in as Billy came up the stairs in pursuit of Charlie. 
In the room the bedclothes were everywhere and in the corner of the room stood a semi-naked man, holding Françoise by the hair like a naked rag doll. 
Anger exploded inside me.
I tore the man from her limp body and punched him full in the face. He went down and I kicked him. Again. And Again. Then I picked him up and threw him against the wall. I went for him, but Billy enfolded me in his arms. I roared and he turned and threw me at the door. I scrambled up but Charlie grabbed me and pulled me out. The last things I saw were Billy heaving the man over his shoulder and Françoise, in a ball hugging her bruised naked body. 
As Charlie dragged me down the hall I could hear her sobs.  

Charlie pushed me into my room and stood at the door staring at me (Man, you should have come to the Hotel last night). My back to her I looked around the room angrily, my eyes darting everywhere but to her. Finally I could hold out no longer and I turned to her (it was totally groovy). Her eyes were a sea of tears, her body shaking; I realised she had not waited to guard me, but because she needed me. I walked over and she collapsed into my arms and sobbed (we danced all night). I held her tight and my anger ebbed away being replaced by a smouldering pity (and the people are all so cool and laid back). 
I don’t know how long we stood there like that, her weeping, my mind cracking and somewhere down the hall the voices of the girls, of Madame Connolly, the sting of TCP, the burning of abuse, the cracking of a dream world (Sounds cool). 
She let go of me and stepped back, “I should, I should go and see if she’s alright,” red eyes and a running nose. 
I nodded. She left. 
I walked out of my room (Where is it anyway?). 
Down the hall (follow the ridge road). 
Past the room. Not looking. 
Down the stairs (into the desert). 
Out the door (and after about an hour). 
Unlock my car, get in, start the engine, go (you can’t miss it).  

Who’d build a hotel out there anyways?
Who’d build a hotel out there anyways?
Who’d build a hotel out there anyways?

Dunno. Dunno. Dunno. Dunno.

Maybe it’s for people with secrets

If this city wasn’t strange enough, to find desert here so near to abundant water was truly strange. Somehow this area was starved of water; later I would guess that being on a small plateau meant that the water drained out through this sandy soil too quickly for much to grow, and being higher it was more difficult for plants to get to the water table. Some plants did grow along with scrubs and the odd cactus. The strangest thing for me though was that in the distance you could see where the plateau ended and rich vegetation began again. This night though I thought of none of these things, it was already getting dark as I pummelled down the road my mind a boiling point of emotions. 
I drove without seeing any real signs of life, though at one point a car overtook me, I barely noticed. Then sure enough, after about an hour I saw a light in the distance. My head began to clear as I drew closer. I heard a bell ring out somewhere, chiming out the hour, though I did not count. I pulled up to the source of the light and understood what the kids had been talking about in the diner.
I was in the dusty parking lot of an old hotel, all dark windows under eaves. It was big, an imposing structure in this barren landscape. And though it seemed to hold light and warmth surrounded by wasteland I could not help but think of a mausoleum. I shivered and considered getting back into the car when the front door opened and light washed across me.
A girl looked around and then noticed me. “Oh, hi! Are you coming in?” She beamed.
“Er, yeah. Yeah, why not?”
“Well, exactly,” she said and smiled as I came close. She then stepped aside and allowed me to enter, closing the door behind her, “Welcome to Eve’s place, The Eden Hotel.”
I shivered again.


CHAPTER TEN


I wandered slowly into the foyer, a huge open space with an empty reception desk in the middle; it reminded me somewhat of the video-game Resident Evil. Around the walls were a number of leather couches, some with people on them. Mainly in their early to mid twenties it seemed, they chatted closely and quietly, guarding their thoughts and questions from the room. Behind the reception desk, a large ornate stairway led up to a balcony that I assumed lead to the bedrooms; around the foyer there was a number of doors, some closed, some open. Music seemed to drift along the air currents, all mingling and meeting here. I was hit by a sense of mystery, of new experiences and tales long untold, I felt that this hotel had been here a long old time. I stood in awe in front of the reception desk and looked up at the huge chandelier that lit the room.
I was vaguely aware of someone walking towards me, bang, he jumped up onto the desk in front of me.
“Lucy!! How very good to see you!” he exclaimed to the girl who had come to stand at my left shoulder. “And who might this be?”
“Hello, Dan. I don’t know who this is, he’s just got here.”
“Your first time at the Eden Hotel, my friend?” he looked at me; I looked back at him for a while.
“Yes. Yes it is. What’s going on here?”
“What’s going on? What’s going on? My friend, what’s not going on here!?” he gave a theatrical laugh and I could feel Lucy shaking her head next to me. 
Dan then jumped off the desk and put an arm around my shoulders. “Let me show you around, but first,” he paused to look around, “you look like a man who needs a drink.”
“You’re not wrong there, Dan.”
“Excellent.”
“I’ll leave you boys to it,” Lucy said and wandered toward a door. I wondered if I should say something, but nothing sprang to mind, and let’s face it men make most of their mistakes by speaking when nothing comes to mind; and anyway Dan was already leading me towards a door in the opposite direction.

The door led into a short corridor that had three doors, one to the left (closed), one to the right (open) and double doors at the far end (ajar). The corridor was filled with music and I felt pulled towards the end doors, but Dan led me into the open door to the right, and into a small bar. 
It was a surprise to find myself in a very Caribbean looking bar, all crazy reds, yellows and oranges with giant prints of beaches and azure blue seas on the walls. Hidden speakers were oozing Harry Nilsson’s ‘Coconut’ and the atmosphere was buzzing with laughter and chatter. We took a stool at the bar and Dan ordered two cocktails. I looked around at the people in the bar, again mainly in their twenty’s though there was one guy who had to be forty-ish with his grey hair in a dodgy ponytail; you meet lots of his type if you travel enough; oh, and some girls perhaps a shade younger than their twenties, one seemed to be more than a shade. Most striking was a table of girls sitting in their underwear, giggling to each other. 
“I like this bar best, it’s so crazy,” Dan laughed, “look at those girls! Why the hell are they in their knickers?”
“I’m looking, I don’t know.”
“Ha, well keep your eyes in, there’ll be plenty more craziness to see before the end of the night!”
We finished our drinks and ordered a bottle of beer to take with us on our tour. We left the bar and went towards the double doors.
“What about the other door?” I asked.
“You don’t want to go there yet,” Dan said seriously. “Not tonight anyway, check this out.” 
We walked through the double doors and round a short wall the length of the doors width that acted as a sound break and into a large hall.
It was packed with people, both sitting at tables around the edges and on the floor dancing. There was a stage at the far end and a band dressed in shorts and Hawaiian shirts were playing ‘Good Vibrations’.
“It’s a bit of a Beach Boys tribute tonight, I think,” Dan said into my ear and then we walked into the dancers. 
Dan danced here and there as we went, shimmying with a girl here, getting down and dirty with another. The Beach Boys took me back to the last night and the bar fight and I remembered what had brought me here. I did not feel like dancing.
Dan danced us to the other end of the room and I found that there were doors around this room as well, one either side of the stage as well as one or two others I thought I saw. By the time we got to a door the memories of earlier were lessening as the vibe of the hall took to me. It’s hard to be stressed out to the Beach Boys, that was perhaps their genius. That and ‘Help Me Rhonda’.
We left the hall to ‘Do you Wanna Dance’ and I was beginning to feel like I did. We passed the underwear girls coming in and the last one flashed a breast at me as she went by with a wink. What was this place?
We were in another short corridor, again there was a room to left and right and one ahead. I took us into the left door, which was another bar and ordered whiskey shots with beer chasers. This bar was a bit more normal; it had the same décor as the hall and seemed to have the hall’s music piped in. There were no chairs just sofas with low tables where people were relaxing, most seemed to have come from the hot hall in order to cool down.
“So this place isn’t actually a hotel, then?” I asked Dan.
“As far as I know it is,” He replied.
“And you’re a resident?”
“Hell, no, I just come for the night life.”
“So are any of these people residents? I mean don’t any of them want to sleep?” 
‘Fun, Fun, Fun’ came through the speakers.
Dan turned and looked at me. “I dunno, man. Look this isn’t a place to ask questions, this is a place to kick back and enjoy. Questions don’t help you, they just give birth to more questions. Nobody wants that.” 
I nodded and surveyed the room again, supping my beer.
My view was suddenly taken up by cleavage and I looked up to the owners face. It was one of the underwear girls.
“You wanna dance?” she asked in a sultry tone, or at least as sultry as you get when pissed livid, but then I was drunk enough that all girls spoke in a sultry tone.
I drained my beer. “Yeah, why not?”
“Cool, I love your accent,” she took my accent and led me to the door.
“I’ll catch up with you later, Dan!” I called over my shoulder.
“No worries, buddy, have a good time,” he called back. “And remember, no questions!”
I nodded to him as we left the bar and headed back to the hall.  
Inside the heat was heavy, and the bodies on the dance floor had not decreased. We pushed our way on as the band started playing ‘Help Me Rhonda’. It was fitting as this girl was helping me forget certain other women. 
We danced hot and close to the song and then to ‘Surfin USA’ and ‘Barbara-Ann’. Finally ‘When I Grow up’ came on.
“I think you’re already enough of a man,” her hand slid down to my crotch and she sighed, “come with me,” and she started to weave through the crowd.
We left the hall hand in hand by the door I had come in originally and went to the closed door. She stopped and let me catch my breath and then put her arms around me and we kissed. She then opened the door and pulled me into the room still half kissing me. 
Inside the room was very dark; I could just make out the shape of couches (or were they beds?) and the shapes of people writhing entwined on them. The room was body hot and filled with groans and sighs. The girl pulled me down onto a couch and I took off her bra as she undid my belt. The last thing I remember was singing the third verse of Smashmouth’s ‘All Star’ in my head.

Later I found myself wandering aimlessly. I had a beer in my hand though I did not know where I got it. I had walked into a number of bars of different kinds as well as just rooms, some plain, some like lounges, a few with pool and snooker tables, one room had been completely empty, no furniture, no wallpaper even, just a man sitting curled against one wall sobbing quietly. The only thing the others all had in common was that they were full of people. People and music. Everywhere people sat and talked, people laughed and whispered and people danced. I stopped and talked to a few people, everyone was super friendly and I recalled (and the people are all so cool and laid back) what the kids at the diner had said, I even danced some more in another big hall (or was it the same one?).
I wandered down a corridor and could hear ‘Knockin’ on Heavens Door’ coming from one of the rooms, it sounded like the Clapton version to me. I peered in and found a quiet room with a number of tables set with chess and draught games, also some backgammon. I leant up against the door jam for a while and watched people play.
Then I set my untouched beer down on a small table by the door and continued to the end of the corridor. 
Feeling sober again, I guess the dancing had sweated a lot of the alcohol out of my system, and I must have been holding the last beer for nearly an hour. I opened half the double doors at the end and stepped through. A cold blast of air hit me and I found that I was in the foyer again. 
I shook my head and my mind cleared further in the fresh air. I looked around and it all seemed the same as when I had been in here last, there were still people sitting around on the sofas, still the same faint mingling of music. I walked over and sat on the bottom of the stairs. Rubbing my face with a hand I thought about the day, man, what a crazy one it had been. Suddenly I felt very tired and very much in need of going home. Back to normalness? No, this was my escape from there, could it be vice versa as well?
“Hello, again,” a sweet voice. I looked up to find Lucy standing over me.
“Hey, how’s it going?” Was all I could manage.
“Mind if I join you?” 
“Not at all.” I looked at her, noticing her brown hair in a ponytail, her fair skin. She was wearing a baggy maroon jumper, that hid her figure, and faded blue jeans. 
She sat down and said, “Not bad. How’s your night been?”
“Er, yeah, good. I think,” I replied. Had it been a good night?
She gave a short laugh. “Not too sure, huh? That’s about right with this place, but it’s a cool place to hang out.”
“It seems so. A bit crazy…” Woo, sounding like an old man.
“Oh, yeah,” she looked at me for a moment. “The more you come, the more crazy stuff you see,” another pause. “And do.” 
I nodded. I was thinking about all I wanted to know: how long had she been coming here; was it like this every night; who was the owner; what did she, Lucy, do during the day; how often did she come; would I see her again; did she ever play chess; had she met a little girl in a yellow dress here? I opened my mouth and “Time to go home, I think,” came out.
“Yeah, I think you’re right,” she sighed and stood.
“Would you need a lift into town?” 
She smiled. “No it’s OK; I’ll go find my friends. I hope I’ll see you again here soon.”
“Yeah, count on it,” my turn to smile. She wandered off and I stood and watched her go.

Outside I tested myself to see if I was really sober enough to drive. I drew a line in the sand and walked it, then I held my keys up high in my left hand and dropped them. I caught them with my right and decided I was OK, stupid perhaps, but OK. Still I drove home with no problems, some crazy kids who had obviously been at the hotel, and shouldn’t be behind the wheel sober let alone tonight overtook me. It was strange to be driving again, I hadn’t since I got to the city. I had bought a cheap Ford when I got to the States planning on doing a lot of travelling, but the car had ended up sitting in front of ‘La Maison’ since I arrived. Now it felt good to be behind the wheel, the wind running its cool hands across my body through the open window, the radio chugging away quietly. I had a sense of freedom, of doing something again. I felt good, relaxed. Yes, I would come back to the hotel.

By the time I got home I was surprised to find that it was only one in the morning, it felt like I had been out all night, though I guess I had gone out early in the evening. I had been out a good number of hours, what would the girls be thinking? And Madame Connolly? Should I have left? Damn, once again I had run away from my problems. I quietly entered the house and locked the door, there was a light on in the kitchen and deep down I knew that light was for me.
I walked down the hall and pushed the door open, Madame Connolly sat, with her back to the door, at the table with a cup of tea in front of her; across the table another cup sat steaming. 
“I made you some tea, Richard,” she said quietly.
I walked around and took a seat; she looked at me with quiet eyes.
“How are you, Richard?”
A long pause. I sighed. “I’m good, I think. I’m sorry for leaving, I, I just…” I trailed off.
“It’s OK, Richard.” 
We sat in silence for a while. I drank some tea. “Tonight was bad, but it is part of the life here. Oh, it does not happen often, but it does happen. Life is made up of these things.”
“And how is Françoise?” I asked wondering if she would agree with Madame at this moment.
“She is OK. Bruised and shocked, but asleep. She knows this is life, Richard. She knows that sometimes life deals you a blow.” 
Again she paused to watch me and I drank more tea. 
“This isn’t the first time she’s had to cope with the rough side of life; all these girls come from pasts that tell them that life is a shame.”
I got up. “I need to sleep. I‘m sorry, Madame,” I rubbed my forehead, “I shouldn’t have beat that guy up, I shouldn’t have left, I, I, man,” I finished weakly.
“It’s OK, Richard, it was good you went and cooled off, I don’t judge people here for what they do or why they do it. I can’t condone what you did to that man though.”
I walked to the door and then stopped with the handle in my hand. “Can you condone what he did to her?” Without looking at her.
“I can’t condone what you did to him, but I am glad you did.” 
I nodded and left. 

It’s hard to stand by philosophy in the real world. I feel that life is made more by the bad times than the good. It is the bad times that bring adventure, mystery, and learning to life. Without the bad times we would not grow. I also said that good and bad are both subjective, one man’s good is another’s bad. How can I justify that in the face of what happened to Françoise? Was what happened to her good for someone? Could she see the good in it? Was she happy to have had the adventure, the mystery, to have learnt and grown? 
I guess that she did learn from it; though what, I never found out. I guess she also grew as a person, but perhaps she just grew sadder, less open. 
It is hard to stand by philosophy in the real world, which kind of makes it pointless. What is the point of thinking and ruminating on the things of life if they don’t help? Would it have been a comfort to Françoise if I had told her, “Ah, well at least you’ve learnt something or the classic: ‘What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger’. Perhaps it is true, but you would have to be a cold person to live by it.
As for me, I didn’t know what to say to Françoise when I next saw her, didn’t know how she might feel about what I had done, I didn’t really know how I felt about what I had done, I’m not a very violent man, yet had found myself in two acts of aggression in as many days.
I hummed ‘Dust in the Wind’ in my head as I got into bed. Maybe that was the only real philosophy?

I awoke early the next morning and felt surprisingly good. After showering I went down to breakfast with some trepidation, a small lizard running circles in my stomach. 
Charlie, Giselle and Heidi were in the kitchen eating when I walked in. The sun was bright in there, sending shadows running, that fresh sunlight you only see when you first awake, that blinding reminder of the day that follows night. They all looked up and said, ‘morning’. I was even more surprised; they were acting as if nothing had happened, and I sensed no kind of anger or fear or anything I might have expected towards me. 
In fact the atmosphere was bright and breezy and we ate and chatted as usual. I felt even better. When Heidi finished her toast she got up, washed her plate and as she left she stopped and kissed the top of my head. That, and a similar gesture from Giselle was the only sign that they acknowledged last night. A good acknowledgement, I felt.
“And how about you?” I asked Charlie as she washed her things. She stopped and came and sat next to me. She pulled her chair around to face me and I turned mine the same.
“How do I feel about last night? The same as the others,” she looked me in the eyes.
“And how is that?” I asked slowly.
“We’re glad you did what you did, Richard, we all risk being Françoise. She’s not the first, Audrey got beat up bad last year,” I winced. “People who do that kind of thing, they’re scum, they’re sick and they deserve to be beaten, Richard.” She looked at me for a while longer. “But you also scare us a bit.”
She got up and took my things to the sink. I sat there while she washed them, was I a scary guy? I never used to be, could I have changed so much? 
“I’m not a scary guy,” I said to her back.
“We’re all scary people somewhere,” she didn’t turn around. Finally she finished and walked over behind me, she leant down and wrapped her arms around me. We stayed like that for a while, I could feel her heart beat against my neck, and then she leaned around and kissed my cheek. With that she was gone.  

I sat in my room and smoked for a while, my laptop sat open on the desk, but my mind was blank. Well not blank, just filled with thoughts of being scary. ‘We’re all scary somewhere’ she had said, and it was an odd phrase and I couldn’t decide if she meant somewhere in ourselves or some physical place. Maybe this city was my place to be a scary guy, or maybe I had just opened the door in myself. It was certainly true that we can be different people in different places, is that not the joy of travelling? Being whoever you want to be without anyone knowing your past? But did I want to be a scary person? Or was I afraid that if I was a scary person I might just scare myself? 
I got up, flipped down the screen and went for a walk, humming ‘Go Your Own Way’ by Fleetwood Mac. 
Though summer was getting late it was still hot and I decided to go to the park. Instead I found myself walking to the Grand Place and then through the crowds out towards the river. I came upon the market where Charlie had bought her ice skates, it was quieter today and I stopped and looked for a while. There was a lot of stuff that was being sold as Indian and African that wasn’t; a lot of things sold as silver that also were not. I headed away only to find that somewhere along the line I had bought another pot of homemade Marmalade, what was it with me?
It was good to walk down the shady back streets, though it was still close even here. I hoped there might be a breeze coming down the river, but for now I stuck to shady streets. When I got to the main roads I stepped into the wall of heat and crossed quickly finding more small back streets. I found myself in neighbourhoods I had not been in before, and came to one short street that had a number of curio shops. I stopped at one that had five wooden masks hanging in the window. The smell of incense wafted out of the door and drew me into the dark interior.
I looked around the assortment of, well, stuff. It was in no kind of order, and some things were just in heaps. There were boxes of entangled jewellery, racks of clothes, wood carvings sitting on the floor: an elephant here, a thin man there. I liked the silk paintings on one wall and looked at them for a good while and then wandered to the back where the counter was. The counter was a glass cabinet with more jewellery in it, this time though it was all displayed. The good stuff. Behind it sat an old man in a faded psychedelic waistcoat and a tattered brown fedora hat cocked over his silver hair tied in a long pony-tail. He did not look at me while I looked through the counter; he just stared down at a point on the floor near the door. I tapped my foot to Buck 65’s “463” that played from a stereo somewhere behind the shopkeeper.
“Some interesting stuff you got here,” I commented.
“Yep,” he didn’t move a muscle.
“Genuine articles.”
“Of course.”
“Where do you get it all from?” I asked.
“You can always find what you want, it’s just a case of looking,” he replied.
I stood there for a minute more and then quietly left. Even in the shade the day was bright and I stood and blinked for a while before carrying on to the river. It turned out that the Dixon was at the end of the next road; I stepped out into a shock of sunshine, cars, people and noise. I stood on the pavement next to the road, cars lounging past me, and soaked it all in; the different tunes coming from radios, bars and passing cars; the people sitting in bars across the river, as well as on the river bank, men in shorts, women in skimpy tops, an ocean of sunglasses. I crossed the road and stood on the bank, there were few people on this side as there were no bars, just houses and a few shops. Nice housing. Expensive housing. I walked along the bank up to the nearest bridge and crossed over, stopping in the middle to look down into the flowing waters. A squad of ducks came floating from under the bridge and I thought of Alice. 
I crossed the rest of the way and ambled through the lounging crowds, here the river bank was pedestrianised, the grassy bank stretched further than the opposite bank, and instead of a road running parallel there was red brick upon which small bars and cafés jumbled and bumped and people sat outside at tables or on the grass. I couldn’t help my eyes roving over the women in their shorts and bikini tops. I wondered why all these people were not at work and remembered something about their being a University or college this side of the river. Both perhaps, looking at the age range of the people there. There seemed to be so much of the city that I had not seen; it’s strange how unadventurous we can be. Despite coming here to find new places I had managed to stick to the areas that I found first. We miss out on so much by not exploring our worlds, even just the immediate world, fewer people go for walks, they drive or stay at home. Always the best way to find your way around anywhere is to go for a walk, get lost and find your way back. 
I found a shady spot under a tree that grew out over the river and sat down. By that point I could not really remember why I had come here. I no longer felt like just sitting around, and I did not know anyone here. Maybe I should get out of my shell and meet new people. It did not hold much appeal, I was meeting plenty of new people and life was not getting any simpler because of it. 
“Hi,” came a voice. I followed a pair of tanned legs up to a pair of red shorts, a tanned flat stomach and white crop top. I continued up to a smile and sunglasses topped with dirty blonde hair. “Mind if I join you?” 
No simpler.
“No, though I was just thinking of getting a drink,” I said and she held up two bottles of beer. “Ahh, do sit down then.”
She did and handed me a bottle. “I hope you like Budweiser,” she apologised. Another fan of The King.
“That’s cool; some days there’s not a time when a beer isn’t a beer.”
She looked at me puzzled and then a smile slipped through. “I’m not sure what that means,” she said. 
Thinking about it neither was I. “Thinking about it neither am I. I think it means I’m grateful.” My turn to grin. We sat there and I took a pull from my beer. I thought for a second before saying, “Though I am eternally grateful; why?”
“Why what?”
“The beer” What did she think I was talking about? Why the Earth circles the Sun? Why do people ahead of you always get in your way when you try and pass them? Why do fools fall in love?
“How’d you mean?”
“Well, it’s not everyday that beautiful women bring me beer,’ I thought of the girls and added, “not ones I don’t know.”
“Well,” she started slowly, “to be honest I was bored, in need of some new conversation; new, non-student conversation.” She rolled her eyes.
“And I don’t look like a student?”
“No. No you don’t. Sorry.”
“Probably not a bad thing, and the beer?” With raised eyebrows.
She laughed, “Well I thought it would be a good way of opening conversation, and you didn’t really look like you wanted company.” 
I laughed at that, she had more balls than some blokes I knew.
“Well, I can’t refuse someone who brings me beer,” I said.
“That’s what I was banking on.”
From there we got into conversation, her name was Layla.
“After the song?”
She made a noise and shook her head, “I hate it.”
I told her it was a nice name, something different, plus a great tune. Worse to be named after a bad song. 
I told her my name, “You don’t look like a Richard,” she said.
“No, not surprising really,” she gave me a look, but didn’t pursue it.
We continued to chat; she was vague about herself, but I learned that she was studying music at University in the city, that she had enrolled late having travelled for a few years after leaving school (an inheritance from a grandmother had financed the venture), she played violin mainly, but also piano and cello; she was deliberately vague and I wasn’t looking to meet new people so didn’t push it. She did the odd gig and some session work as well as selling some paintings. I told her that I was a struggling writer, not a complete lie, I was struggling with this book though it seemed my first was now doing well in Korea. Which was nice. I went and bought more beers.
“No, I wouldn’t say a complete twat, he must have some redeeming features. I just couldn’t seem to find them.”
I laughed, “Well that’s the trick, isn’t it? Hiding your inherent twatness.”
“Twatness? Is that a word?” she laughed.
“Hey, it is now, I’m a writer I’m allowed to make up words!”
Her face went mock-serious, “Struggling writer. Struggling.”
I looked out over the river, “yeah,” quietly, “struggling.”
We chatted about this and that, I told her about England and she told me about California where she had grown up. We talked about this place and how life was treating us when I suddenly asked: “Hey you ever been out of the city?”
“You mean to the hotel?”
“Yeah, you’ve heard of it?” Well, obviously.
“Well, obviously!” she grinned and chucked my shoulder. “It’s alright there, good for a laugh sometimes.”
“You’ve been?” For some reason I was surprised.
“Of course, I’m a student, I know all the best places to get trashed. I love going there to just escape from mundane life. All that crazy stuff, if you need a wild night, out there is where you find it,” she replied enthusiastically.
I wondered how life could ever be mundane in this city, if I’d thought about this later maybe I could have saved a lot of pain. 
She said she was thinking of going up there on Saturday night, would I fancy it? Yeah, of course I would. There was something refreshing about this woman, someone who was honest with her thoughts, who liked a laugh and a beer, who wasn’t a whore or a moral conscience, and most of all, someone apart from everything else. Someone from the other side of the river. 
I loved the girls at home, but in some ways they reflected the side of me that I didn’t want to see, Layla seemed to reflect the other side, the normal, free and fun side.
We went and got lunch at a café, some sandwiches and soft beverages (I suddenly realised I was drinking before lunch, not a good sign) and then we parted company; she had lectures she said, I told her I never realised lectures were for actually attending and she told me that was why I was a struggling writer. We decided on a time and place to meet on Saturday and went our separate ways, me humming Led Zep’s “The Rover” as I went.

I headed back to the bridge that I had come across and stopped short of it, going down to the waters edge instead. I stared at the water lapping at the other bank and thought how strange it was how people kept popping up, how I could not know what might happen next. As I was thinking this some bread appeared in the water in front of me and the nearby ducks swam over.
“Hello again,” I said without looking down.
“That’s Gertrude, isn’t she lovely?” Alice said.
“Very, I’m glad you found her,” I replied.
“You don’t look so sad today, I’m glad about that,” she threw more bread into the melee of ducks and I looked down at her.
“Thank you.”
“Is it because of that woman you were with?”
“How do you know about her?” Very curious.
“She was very pretty. You seem to know a lot of pretty women.”
“I guess that’s true, but…” 
“But not as pretty as Gertrude, I know,” she cut me off. 
“Well, I…”
“That’s why it’s funny you are so sad so much, some people don’t see the good things they’ve got,” she said.
How do you answer to that? I opened my mouth to attempt it when someone called ‘Alice’.
“That’s my mommy, I’ve got to go. Nice to see you again, happy man. Byyyyeeee!!!” she called as she skipped off. After a few moments I shut my mouth again. Then opened it. Then shut it again.

I got home in time for the end of lunch, though not all the girls were there for it, most notably Françoise was not there, but neither was Charlie or Giselle. Jessica had made lunch with Billy, it was a mixed up meal of last night’s dinner. A good quiche had been knocked up; I had a number of slices as well as some cold meat and potatoes. The lunch was light and so was the conversation, we laughed and talked about nonsense, it was good that things were getting back to a normalness. A good vibe picked up again in the house, pushing out the bad taste left by Françoise’s attack. I guess that was the way it had to be with them, in that kind of job you had to push away the bad and focus on what is good in life. 
As Billy had some work to do fixing a shower I offered to wash up with Jessica and we were left alone as business came in.
“Been back to your bar recently?” I asked as she passed me a plate to dry.
She smiled, “No, it was only a few of days ago, Richy.”
I thought for a second, “Man, it was, wasn’t it? How can that be?”
“It’s been a crazy week, what with the night at Henry’s and then, well, what happened to Françy,” she went quiet and stopped washing. I put an arm around her shoulder and we stood there, her head on my shoulder, her hands in a sink full of washing up. 
“It’s not a nice world, is it, Richard?” she said quietly into my shoulder.
“Not always,” I replied and stepped back. I took her shoulders and turned her to face me, her eyes were red and wet, not a good combination for light conversation. 
“Listen, Jess, life can be bad, but good or bad, it is life. We have to roll with it, you can’t let one bad thing blind us from all the other good stuff we’ve got,” I thought Alice would have been proud.
She hung her head for a moment and then turned to the sink wiping her eyes with the dry part of her arm. “I know, Richard, I know, but sometimes it’s so hard. Too hard,” she smiled at me then, “I guess I’m just a silly girl,” she washed a plate and gave it to me. I asked her about baseball (I knew she followed it) and she started telling me about her team. Rolling with it. 

I found myself back at the hotel before Saturday, I couldn’t believe how much had gone down in the last week or so; how much seemed to have changed. I really had no grasp of time anymore, time here was something else. I really have no idea how long I had been there by that time, some weeks flew, some were packed with stuff and seemed a life time. 
That afternoon I was trying to put it all together, get my mind in some kind of acquiescence about it all, but Audrey was seeing to business in the next room. I sat and tried to think, to block out what was going on, but I couldn’t. My mind kept coming back to what was going on in there, did the girls ever enjoy it? Was Audrey putting on some kind of show or was it just straight sex? Could the girls like the men that came, or did they see them all as scum, I remembered Charlie saying about the man who had attacked Françoise as scum, did that mean not all were? I got up to leave, to get out somewhere where I could think, but as I opened the door things changed again.
Françoise stood at the door looking at her feet. I stood there in silence, slightly panicked the way men are when faced with emotional women, and then stepped back into the room. It was the right move as Françoise came in and pushed the door. Only then did she look up at me, her eyes sad, but not wet. She looked at me and I wondered how this was going to go, but then she came and put her arms around me. We stood and hugged for sometime, her head on my shoulder; finally she spoke into my ear as the door ambiently clicked shut.
“Richard, I don’t want to talk, I don’t have words. Take me to bed, Richard.”
Most of me was shocked, though a small part way in the back was slightly bemused by the phrase ‘take me to bed’, and I tried to step away, but she held onto me.  
“No, Françoise, I can’t. I mean…”
“Please, Richard,” Now she leaned back to look at my face. “Before he got nasty, we had sex. It was only then that he wanted more,” she shivered. “He was un mauvais homme, I need to be with a good man, Richard. You.”
I looked at her, I could see what she was thinking, but still it did not seem right because: “Françoise, I’m not-” 
She kissed me, driving the thought from my mind. Next to my lips she softly pleaded, “I need this.” And led me over to my bed. 

And so that night I found myself back at the hotel, the only place I could think of where I could get away from it all and put it into perspective, frankly the only place where my thoughts weren’t disturbed by my friends having sex with strangers in the next room. 
I suppose based on the last time I was there the hotel wasn’t the best place to find a quiet place, a place to think, but I felt that I could find what I was looking for there, something for everyone.
It seemed quieter when I got there, standing in the foyer I could hear the mingling music, but the whole place seemed to be subdued. Still, there were people around, still people sitting on the sofas in the foyer talking quietly. A couple of Goths, or maybe a Goth couple, stared at me in black and white while I stood and tried to choose which way to go, which door would lead me to what I was looking for. 
I decided to try a door in the direction that Lucy had gone, the opposite direction to where Dan had taken me. I didn’t know what door it was she took so chose one at random, again I thought of Resident Evil, though if it had been Resident Evil I would have had to solve a ridiculous number of puzzles in order to get the key only to get killed by zombies the other side of the door and realise that I hadn’t saved my game. I realised I had never completed the first game, something I should achieve in my life really.
 Through the door I found a short corridor (not a surprise) with three doors, all closed. I decided to go and check the end doors; I was looking for somewhere quiet but I also wanted to see if there were more dancing halls. There were, there was one the other side of the door, but one completely different from the others I had seen. This one was more of a ballroom, complete with a number of couples tangoing around the room. I say tangoing, but to be honest I had no idea, could have been the foxtrot for all I knew. The foxtrot always conjures up pictures of foxes dancing. In a perfect world with hounds. The music was provided by a band that mixed in with the quiet talk and laughter. There were circular tables around the edge of the room and people sat and drank cocktails. I saw that there was a bar to the left of me and went over to get a drink, a White Russian, and found an empty table. From the semi darkness of where I sat I watched the couples dancing while tuning into the conversations around me. Everyone here seemed older, not older than their thirties though, perhaps they just seemed older because they seemed more refined. As I scanned the room I noticed one woman, walking among the tables on the other side of the hall, stopping here and there and chatting. I caught glimpses of her between the dancers and she seemed tall, was thin and had a very erect posture. She was dressed in an evening gown of light blue with her hair up in a fancy bun, a kind of Anti-Madame Connolly I thought and then thought that that was a weird thought. She stopped and sat down at a table and I lost sight of her. I briefly wondered why she had caught my attention and concluded she looked to be older than most, if not all, the people here. But also she seemed to have a quality that attracted your attention, I could not put my finger on it then, nor later when I met her. I sat and hummed ‘Born Under a Bad Sign’, though whether it was the Albert King or the Cream version I don’t know.

I left the ballroom after finishing my drink and went back to the other rooms in the corridor. One was locked and the other opened to a small sparse bar with the blues playing from speakers. ‘She’s Making Whoopee in Hell Tonight’ by Lonnie Johnson was playing - a cheery tune if ever there was one - as I took a stool at the bar. The bartender was serving one of the few people there. I took the time to look around; there were less than ten people in the bar that was decorated with framed photos of Blues players as well as some Rock and Rollers, plus the obligatory photo of Hendrix. Of course at heart Jimi was a bluesman really. There were a number of pot plants dispersed and the walls were a dirty dark blue. I ordered a whisky and got bourbon and took to thinking.
I thought about all that had happened to get me to this point, starting with over-hearing a conversation in a diner; then to a night with Jessica, a night where she had seemed to want to go further, to say more. Thinking back to it, it had changed things, I would not have imagined that Jessica would have had dark secrets, nor that she would want to share them with me. But then Charlie had been the same, did the girls see me as someone to unburden on, some way of unloading their troubles? A stranger who might understand, or if not, just listen? Was that what was bugging me, or was I happy to take that rôle? I was certainly very protective of the girls already, that could be seen by the bar fight, but then was the bar fight my own way of releasing the pressure I felt they were putting me under? But was that really where the pressure was coming from? Was it my own past being reflected that was causing me grief, perhaps that my position was not as bad as theirs, a realisation that I really had no problems. Did I not want to hear theirs and find mine to be lacking? But then what were my problems? Most of them were coming from the girls, from the situation I found myself in now. I had come to find answers to questions, to find understanding, but all I was actually finding were more questions, not even questions just, what? Facts? Emotions, feelings, thoughts, perceptions, circumstances? Maybe the truth did lay in the lives of those girls, in their pain and past. 
Then there was the attack on Françoise, and what happened afterwards, earlier that day, how she felt, how I felt, how she had needed me. What was I to deduce from this? Could I believe that I was the ‘good man’ that she needed, or did I need to believe I wasn’t so I could have an excuse to run?
“Brandy sour,” came a voice from next to me. I looked at the reflection in the bar mirror to find the woman who I had seen earlier in the ballroom, at least it looked like her, but now she was wearing a white shirt with dark grey slacks. Could she have changed so fast, how long had I been sitting here thinking? 
“What’s it to be?” It took me a minute to realise that she was talking to me.
“Excuse me?” I asked, still partly lost in the fog of my own thoughts.
“What are you drinking,” she said slower, as if talking to a child.
“Whiskey with ice.”
She ordered for me and told the bartender, “Make sure it’s whiskey this time.”
“How-” I started.
“I’ve not seen you around here before, you’re new in the area.”
“Er, yes, well, relatively, listen-”
“Is this going to be a question? Haven’t you been in town long enough to know this isn’t the place for questions?” 
“Is that a question?” I asked. 
She stared at me and broke into a grin. 
“Well, well, well, we’ve found a clever one. You interest me, Mr…?”
“Richard.”
“Richard, you interest me.” The drinks arrived.
“That’s wonderful,” this was beginning to irritate me. I hadn’t come here for this. “And you are?”
“Ah, yes, all apologies, my name’s Eve, this is my hotel.”
That stopped me. Perhaps answers would be forth coming, though from her previous statement perhaps not.
“It’s an interesting place you’ve got here, is it all go every night?”
“It’s open every night, but it depends on your definition of ‘all go’,” she took a long draw of her drink.
“But what about guests? Does anyone get any sleep here?”
“Too many questions, Richard. It seems to me you’re too busy looking that you are not seeing. Sit back, relax, enjoy yourself. Go have a dance, meet some people. That’s what this place is for,” she finished her drink. “I have to go and take care of some things. I will see you around.” 
She got up and left the bar, she sounded pretty certain. 
I finished my drink and decided to take up her advice. I went back into the ballroom to see whom I could find. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN

The next day went by in a flurry of walking and writing. I find that I cannot write for long without then having to go out and recharge, to think and find inspiration, I sorted my notes out, the pages of books I had started etc. and read over them. I then decided that there were two things that stopped me writing: thoughts of Alice and chess and the girls working. It seemed that the only way to get over these was to write about them, to put them as the focus and inspiration of the book; a story of a little girl who grows up and follows her dreams only to end up whoring; a juxtaposition of the dreams of a young girl and the harsh reality of life.
We all had lunch together and it was good to find that it was back to normal, we had put the attack behind us and moved on. We laughed and talked. I sat next to Jessica, in-between her and Heidi.
“Did you go out last night, Richard?” Jess asked.
“Yeah, just for a bit,” I answered. For some reason I did not want to tell her about the hotel, why I did not know. ‘Too black, too strong’ I thought to myself, ‘Bass! How low can I go?’
“Anywhere nice?” she pushed.
“No, no just went for a walk, stopped at a bar,” I changed tack. “Have you been down to those curio shops near the river?” I asked.
She thought for a moment, though whether about the shops or my attempt to change the subject I was unaware. “No, I don’t think so, where are they?”
“This side of the river, off Lodge Street, I think.”
“You know them, Jess,” it was Audrey, “me, you and Giselle went down there to get some jewellery for last Halloween. Remember?”
“Oh, for the party at The Red Room,” Jess nodded to her own words. 

That night I found myself in one of the rooms upstairs with Giselle. She had wanted to have a word with me, ask me something. In private. I was worried again in that having-to-face-female-emotions way. What was it going to be about, after all what could she want to talk to me about? Would she cry and could I comfort her if she did? And why one of the work rooms, why not her private room? Or mine? Plus this was the first time I had been in one of the so called ‘work rooms’. I sat on the bed waiting for Giselle to show, the bed was made, nice linen, a cream colour; to disguise the stains I thought, shuddered and stood up quickly. I looked around, this room was painted cream, to match the linen, with paintings of flowers on the walls. There was not much else in the room except a couple of padded chairs, cream leather. I seemed to recall Audrey telling me the rooms had different colour schemes, different ‘moods’, for different punters. 
I went to the window and looked out and then the door clicked open, again closed and Giselle stood at the door.
“Hi,” she said quietly.
“How’s it going?” I asked as she came into the room and sat on the bed.
“Good, how about you?” 
“Listen, Giselle, what’s going on here?” I cut to the point. 
She sighed and ran a hand through her hair. 
“Come and sit here next to me,” she patted the bed and I walked slowly over, sat and looked at her. “What do you think of this room?” she asked. 
‘You are my Sunshine’ started running through my head.
“I can’t say I like it. What goes on here,” I answered. ‘You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, Something, something, something else’. 
She nodded slightly and looked at her hands playing in her lap. Without looking up, “And what about us?”
“What are you driving at, Giselle?” dum da dum da da dum dum, sunshine…
“I was in here yesterday. With a man who wanted me in red underwear, fishnet stockings all that. Wanted a bit.” 
“Giselle!” I’d heard enough. “Giselle,” quieter now, “where are you going with this?”
“C’mon, Richard, we’re whores, I’ve never really thought about it. We were never like the women on the streets; we never dwelt on the bad stuff, just the fun. I guess we all have enough in our pasts to make this inconsequential.”
I watched her watching her hands. After a minute of silence I reached over and took one of them and broke her gaze; she looked up at me.
“Do you think what we do is bad? Do you think little of us because of it?” A long, sad pause. “Do I disgust you?” Tears crept slowly from where they hid.
“Giselle, I don’t know why you do this, I’m not sure that I want to, but I’m not going to judge you for it. What we do does not necessarily equate to who we are. You’re only a whore if you let yourself be, whatever you do.”
She nodded slowly and sniffed, after a moment she said, “When I saw what you did to that guy who beat up Françy I thought how much you seemed to hate him, how he disgusted you, for what he did. But wasn’t Françy just as bad for doing what she did? Aren’t we all?” 
“I can’t condone what you do, Giselle, but I have to re-think what I used to think about it. You’re not part of this world, Giselle, Madame Connolly was right. None of you are; you’ll move on, you do what you have to do, if you could be somewhere else you would be,” I looked at her. “No, Giselle, you don’t disgust me, you never could.” 
I smiled and she smiled back an unsure, tear burdened smile.
“I know what you did with Françy, Richard, and you know what I offered in the bar. I meant it then, and I mean it now,” she spoke quietly.
“No, Giselle, not here.”
“Then up in my room.”
“No,” I stood. “I can’t Giselle, it wouldn’t be right,” I looked at her. “It’s not that I wouldn’t want to, it’s, it’s, well, it just wouldn’t be right.” 
She stood and I stepped back, “I understand,” she said and hugged me. “Thank you, Rich.” 
Dum dum, ‘please don’t take my sunshine away…’  

Saturday night came and I found myself at the hotel with Layla. After a good drive listening to an old school hip hop mix called ‘Shoot Tha Pump’ we stood in the foyer, again the same as it had been twice before. I began to wonder if it was the same people who sat here and looked around for the Goth couple. Yep there they were, further back near the stairs but there none-the-less. I began to wonder what this all meant when Layla started to drag me toward a door.
“Let’s get a drink and find a good hall, I need a good dance to shake off the week.”
“OK,” was all I could manage as I was whisked along.
This had been a place to escape, a place where nobody knew me and so I was not involved in anyone’s lives, and yet now I knew people who came here, I had even met the owner and now I had come here with someone, someone who might know others here. Was this really a place to escape anymore? Is it really possible to be a rock? An island?

We collapsed later at a table in a room that had been decked out as a 50’s American diner. We ordered milkshakes and a pizza. The décor really was quite hideous, all bright red plastic seats and red and white striped columns, with photos of various stars on the walls. Frank was singing about strangers in the night exchanging glances and it seemed quite appropriate. 
We had been dancing for a long time, in different places to different music, some Hip Hop, some Jazz, some Hard House, and we were worn out. So we sat here watching each other over milkshakes (she went for Strawberry, I went for the classic Vanilla).
“You can’t beat a good Strawberry milkshake,” I commented.
“So why didn’t you get one?”
“Nothing worse than a bad Strawberry milkshake; when they use artificial flavourings,” I pulled a face. “I rarely risk it these days,” I grinned.
 “Well, this is a good one, try some,” she passed it over and I took some through her straw. It was good and I said so. 
“Everything’s good here, the drink, the food, the music, everything,” she smiled at that. I had meant it the way she took it, but also that it was good to be sharing a girl’s drink, as in a proper relationship, a proper couple.
The food came and we ate in silence for a while, the pizza was excellent. As I ate I thought about some questions that had come to me over the night.
“This is a big place isn’t it, any idea how big?” She looked at me enquiringly. “I mean how many halls are there? I never seem to go into the same one twice. It just doesn’t seem to be that big on the outside,” I took a bite of pizza and looked at her.
 “Good point. I don’t know. It’s probably just that you don’t recognise places, different music, different dancing, makes it all seem different,” she shrugged.
“I guess,” but I was not convinced. “What about upstairs? Have you ever been up there? Is there anything up there?”
“More questions, Richard?” I looked up to find Eve standing next to our table. “Always looking for something hidden, something more?” she asked.
 “Not at all,” (maybe it’s for people with secrets), “I’m just a curious man,” I replied and she laughed.
“You’re only going to find what you want to find here, Richard; so try to look for good things, huh?”
“Anything you’d suggest?”
“Looks like you’ve already found a good thing here, Richard,” she looked over at Layla, though chillingly, not as a pretty girl, but more as a good slab of lamb at the butchers or a fine work horse ready to plough the fields. An object to be used, and then winked at me. “Come by my place later; both of you. Up the stairs, left, right at the end of the hall.” She started to leave, “Oh and try Black’s Hall, there’s some sexy salsa going on, I think you’ll enjoy.” 
She left and it was Layla’s turn to look at me questioningly.
“She’s the owner; at least she says she is, her name’s-”
“Eve,” Layla finished for me.
“Yeah.”
“And how do you know her? How is it that we get invited to her private rooms? I mean everyone knows who she is and it’s said that she wanders around chatting to people and invites those she likes upstairs to her private rooms which are meant to be ten times better than down here, geez, the rumours you hear of what goes on up there.” She shook her head in amazement of what she was remembering. “But I’d never met her, and don’t know of anyone who has actually met her. So why you?”
I shrugged, “She thinks I’m interesting.”
She nodded, “She’s not the only one, shall we check out that salsa?” I could only assume she meant the dance not the tangy dip. 
We went to the bar to pay, but we were told it was on the house. Life just seemed to get stranger; if Layla wanted to know why I was the focus of Eve’s attention, then I wanted to know even more.

Later we staggered out into the foyer, it seemed to me that we had danced the length and breadth of the hotel. My head felt light from the exercise, the fresh air in the foyer and the free champagne that seemed to follow us around (“Compliments of the house, sir.”). Layla went over and sat behind the reception desk, I sauntered over and leant on it.
“Yes, sir, how may I help you?” she asked in a mock posh voice.
“Well, I’m here to see the owner, I have important business,” I grinned.
“Oh, yeah? And what have you got to offer?” she raised her eyebrows.
“Well, wouldn’t you like to know,” I retorted. She smiled and then reached for my head and pulled me down into her kiss.
“Let’s go and see what Eve has to offer us,” she said and stood. I walked around the desk and met her; we walked to the stairs, maybe I’m just a paranoid sort, but it struck me then that the kiss was to make sure I took her with me. Thinking about it now, maybe they are chasing me.
“I’m not sure I want to know what she has to offer,” I said and then mounted the first step. 

CHAPTER TWELVE

We followed the directions given passing many doors. The upstairs was just as big as the down and there were a number of corridors branching off the ones we trod. I wondered if there were halls and bars behind these doors also, but I could hear no music and the one door I tried was locked. It seemed that these were actual bedrooms for guests as each door was numbered. I didn’t really feel like finding out though; there was something different up there, a different vibe. We reached Eve’s door, double ornate white doors at the end of a corridor decorated in a very dark blue. All the other doors had been a natural wood brown, so Eve’s doors stood out, said: this is something different, and different it was.
We knocked on the left door and they both swung open silently. We walked in to another small foyer, this one empty except for ourselves reflected in walls and ceiling which were made from mirror, one complete flawless mirror for each surface, even the floor. In fact I couldn’t even see joins or cracks separating the wall mirrors from the floor or ceiling mirror, as if it was all one big mirror. I could see myself reflected and also my reflection reflected again and again, everywhere I looked.
“What is this place?” I asked with a touch of awe.
“This is excellent!” beamed Layla.
“I’m glad you like it, but please come through,” it was Eve, part of the mirror opposite the double doors had slid silently open and now her reflection filled the room, tonight she wore a lilac backless top with a beige skirt that flowed down to her ankles. We followed her through the portal into a room about twice the size as the foyer, this one decorated in modern tastes, with cream leather sofas and armchairs. The walls were a very light blue, a pastel shade, and had only two pictures, both of which were of the hotel, one at night, one during the day. There were a number of people in the room, lounging on the chairs, a couple of men were in crumpled suits, their ties pulled down, their jackets hung up on a hat stand in one corner. The women, of which there were three, were similarly smartly dressed in skirts or dresses. There were two other men, these in polo neck tee shirts and chinos, not my kind of crowd. They talked quietly in twos and threes, but stopped when we entered with Eve.
“Please take a seat,” she said and pointed to a sofa, “Would you like a drink?”
“I’m OK, thank you,” said Layla, she seemed slightly nervous as we sat.
“Richard?”
“I’ll have a whiskey, if I may,” I said, feeling it not good to turn her down. A young man walked through a door opposite the one we came in; he was dressed in a tuxedo and carried a glass of whiskey with ice. He gave it to me and left again.
“I’m glad you could make it,” Eve said, “These are my friends,” she waved a hand around the room.
“Well,” I was lost for words, “it’s a nice place you’ve got here,” I said and she laughed.
“This is hardly it, this is just the first room! This is where I let the lesser folk come.” I looked confused and she elaborated, “The people you see here, they are quite new like you, they hope that if I like them enough then I might invite them further in.” 
This got the rooms attention.
“And do any of them stand a chance?” Layla; she seemed to have got her composure back.
Eve looked around, and shrugged, “Seems unlikely, though I quite like her,” she nodded to one of the women, a blonde. “In fact, why don’t you go on through, Patricia?”
The woman got up from her seat, thanked Eve effusively (who shrugged it away) and went through the door the waiter had come from. One of the polo shirts got up and silently left the room via the mirrored foyer, it seemed that for the others the humiliation was worth what treasures lay behind that door.
“So I have to go and see to other guests, you stay here and enjoy,” Eve said matter-of-factly. I stood.
“Well, Eve, that’s real nice, but I didn’t come here to hang out with hopeful hang-ons. I can have more fun downstairs. Thanks the same.” I looked down at Layla and she stood up.
Eve was smiling when I looked back at her, “I hoped you would say that, next time you’re here come up and see what else I have in store.” 
She left like that; her face reminded me of the moon.
We went back downstairs.

The days started to disappear, I was writing more than I had since I got to the city and many nights I spent out at the hotel, alone now because Layla had gone somewhere on tour with the University orchestra, doing a weeks tour or something. I was tempted to go up and check out more of Eve’s place, but part of me didn’t want to go alone, not so much fear, but it didn’t seem right to go without Layla, and I didn’t know what I might find. I’d rather share those kind of surprises. 
Something else stopped me too, a hard-to-pinpoint-hard-to-explain, quiet nagging that told me if I went now I would be caught, I would be Eve’s and by waiting I would show her that I was my own man. Of course in the end I was already trapped like a fly to her web.
One day not long after going to Eve’s place I was up on the drag with Charlie trying to find a birthday present for Jess, it was still a way off, but Charlie was in charge of the group gift and wanted to find something extra special. We spent a lot of time laughing about a television programme we had seen the night before, but also we talked about dreams, about what we would like to be doing in ten years. Well, we got it down to five because neither of us had any idea about ten.
“How about marriage and kids and all that stuff?” I probed, being a bloke it was just light conversation, but it seemed to strike a chord in her. She sighed
“I don’t know. I can’t see it happening at the moment, can you?”
I had to smile at that. “No, I guess not.”
“But I’d like to. One day. Yeah, I like the idea,” she seemed to falter along as if she wasn’t sure about it, or she was realising it as she was hearing the words. “I mean I have this idea of what it would be like and I like that idea; but that won’t be true will it? It’s a dream and dreams never come true do they?” Only when she looked at me after a few moments of silence did I realise it was a real question.
“Erm, I dunno, I always dreamt of being an author and that’s come true.” True, but it seemed hollow. This was not quite how my dream went.
“You don’t seem too sure.”
“No. No I don’t,” but I said nothing more and after a minute of quiet walking:
“And you? You wanna get married?”
“Is that a proposition?” I laughed.
“Perhaps,” she smiled slyly. 
I dodged back to the original question, “I dunno, doesn’t seem like such things happen to me. And y’know I think I would be too scared that I couldn’t be good enough, that she would find living with me unbearable and I wouldn’t be able to change. And then I guess it would be love that would tear us apart.”
She looked at me while we walked, but I looked forward keeping her in the corner of my eye. “But wouldn’t love mean she would bear with you. And that you could change for her?”
It was my turn to sigh, “I dunno. I don’t know much about love.”  
Two nights later I was at the hotel with Layla, she had had a good time away and was re-energised by it, it reminded me of why I wrote, that pure joy of doing the thing you loved; She didn’t go into much detail of where they had gone or what she had done with free time or who she was with and I didn’t ask; maybe I was scared that knowing too much would burst the bubble of our relationship. Healthy, right?. 
We danced to a lot of slow grooves, and spent time talking in a Jazz bar, though we could have gone up to Eve’s private rooms again, neither of us mentioned it. Life in the halls was less serious, there seemed to be an unspoken thought between us that if we went back to Eves’ we were stepping into much more. And for what? Another anteroom, more hopefuls? I didn’t want to play Eve’s games; I had what I needed in the halls and bars.
“Well I don’t know much about religion,” she said and sipped from her G & T.
“But just now you said religion was stupid.”
“It is!”
“Well how can you know that if you don’t know anything about it?”
“Well you don’t need to know about something to know whether it’s good or bad.”
“I would have to disagree with you there.”
“Fine with me. You ever see that film with Steve Martin?”
“Which one?”

After that I found myself out one afternoon with Jess, back at her bar, we drank a bit too much and were silly at the dinner table much to everyone’s amusement.

One night in the lounge with Audrey and Heidi, playing Monopoly, two nights at the hotel with Dan.
“They just don’t get it do they?” 
“No, Dan they don’t.”
“Women are another fucking species, man, I tell you.”
“It’s true, nothing is logical, or some kind of screwed logic,” I knocked back the rest of my beer.
“But then what is logic?” slurred Dan.
“Where the fuck did that come from? You gonna get philosophical with me at-” I looked at my watch for a long time until I realised I wasn’t wearing one. “Whatever the time may or may not be.”
“I mean is there an obj- obtec- objective definition? ‘Cause if not then logic can be whatever you want it to be.”
“Well there must be a definition, otherwise science would fall apart. They work on logic, right?”
“Right.”
“So there must be a definition of logic. I don’t know what it is, do you?”
“No. So how do we know there is one?” Dan pointed at the barman and then to our empty glasses. “And if there is one, who made it up? And how do we know he, or she, was correct?”
“So wait,” I said as new beer arrived, “you’re saying that if someone made up the definition of logic, if there really is one, it could be wrong and thusly all of science that is based upon said definition would be, in fact, incorrect?”
“Dunno,” he took a long drink. “What were we talking about?”
I thought for a second, “Dunno, birds, I think.”
“Oh they don’t fucking get it do they?”
“‘Nother species, mate.”

 Walking around the city, writing, singing tunes I heard at the hotel. 
I had lunch with Layla on the riverbank, she asked about where I lived, but she wouldn’t tell me where she lived and I was vague. I saw a movie with Charlie and Françoise, and ended up seeing it again with Layla. Great the irst itme, boring on second viewing.
I danced. At the hotel, at home, with Layla, with Giselle, with Jess, even with Billy once…


I went and saw a band with Billy, which was good, but too loud to talk. On the way back I asked him about his pirate story.
“Oh, it’s true, yeah, all true.”
“C’mon, Billy, I’m not one of the girls,” I said and he looked at me as we walked.
“No, no you’re not, maybe you should be. You’re always looking further, but when you find something you can’t believe it’s true!” he shook his head.
“But pirates?”
“Of course. There is more to this world, more truth to fiction than we know. Thought you would understand that being a writer, being here an’ all,” he said plainly.
I thought for a second and then asked, “OK, so how did you escape and end up here?”
“Well, that’s a long one and we’re nearly home. Ask me again,” he paused and looked at me, “perhaps it’s a story you should hear.” 
After that we talked about football, that’s soccer to you, he was really interested in it, its rules and famous players.
“Ok, so tell me about the off-side rule again…”

The next day I shopped for a present for Jess with no luck, and played chess in the park, I won one more than I lost. Not bad. I hoped to see Alice, but she did not appear. The grass reminded me of Scandinavia for some reason.   
That night I went to the hotel, I had given Layla a ring, but she sounded agitated and told me she was busy. That got me down and I couldn’t enjoy the hotel; I decided to go up to Eve’s place, I guess in some ways just to spite Layla, which was dumb considering she wouldn’t know until later by which time I would no longer wish to spite her.
I stood in the foyer of mirror and considered what it said about Eve, surely it was a certain type of person who would have such a room. It takes a strange mind to think up such things, and that was saying nothing for this strange system of anterooms. I wondered how many rooms there might be like the one we had been allowed into. What kind of game was it? But perhaps more importantly what was in the last room? 
The mirror door slid open and I walked into the next room. The room was the same and so were the people, no, some were not here and there was a woman I did not recognise. Had they left, or been invited to the next room? Or perhaps they just weren’t here tonight. Everyone seemed to be having a good time, a couple were dancing to the music, a Jazz piece I did not recognise. There was lots of laughter and it did not cease when I entered. I took a seat on a sofa next to one of the women.
“Hi there,” she gave a lopped sided grin and sipped a cocktail.
“How’s it going?” I gave back.
“Me? Oh, I am wonderful, this is an excellent place,” she winked at me; she was a little more than tipsy.
“It is nice,” I agreed, “but wouldn’t it be more fun downstairs with everyone else? Dancing in one of the big halls?”
She scrunched up her face. “No, I’ve done all that, this is the new thing, plus it gets better the other side of that door,” she nodded to herself and slid in her seat.
“Really? How do you know?”
“Oh, I’ve heard from people who go there, they’ve got to come through here, you know,” she slid a little more, her lithe green dress slid further up her thighs and I could see enough to know she shaved.
“And do you think you will get through?”
“I hope so, I think I’ve proven myself here,” she replied and pulled herself up into a straighter position.
“Proven yourself?” Curious. I quietly hummed the intro riff to Ozzy’s ‘Crazy Train’ while she explained.
“Of course, you have to prove that you can handle it, prove that you are worth it. Eve chooses people from downstairs who she thinks would fit in up here, then you spend time here, see if you fit in, see if you’re right, and then you move on up,” she sighed. “I hear that only the select few get to her private chambers and it’s amazing, ten times better than any of the halls downstairs. That’s what I need, the halls have nothing for me anymore.”
I thought about this and was going to ask her more when a waiter, another young man in a tuxedo, came into the room. “Sir, would you like to come through,” he said to me and I followed him through to the next door. The woman shouted something after me, but I did not hear it.

The next room was much larger and had a clear floor on which people were dancing to ‘Boogie Nights’ by Heatwave; let’s face it, a classic.
“Take a seat; whiskey?” The waiter asked and I consented and took the nearest chair. I took in the room, a very light yellow coloured the walls and mirrors hung sporadically around the room. The seats and couches around the edge of the room were green and I wondered if they had been chosen deliberately to clash. Not that it mattered with the lights dimmed and the glitter globe spinning from the centre of the ceiling. The waiter came back with a drink and I noticed the bar in this room, in the opposite corner, flush with the wall like a coat check at a posh restaurant.  Also in that far corner was another door. As with the other room there were no windows, and despite its craziness I felt that this was a better room than the last. The other had been tinged with hope and despair; this had the joy of having made it in. 
I sipped my drink and wondered if I would see Eve tonight when a brunette girl came bouncing up to me, “I love this song!” she proclaimed with a huge grin and grabbed my hand. “Let’s dance!” 
We danced to ‘Use It Up and Wear It Out’ and then to The Tramps ‘Disco Inferno’. 
As I danced I tried to see how many people were in the room, I reckoned fifteen on the dance floor and others sitting around. ‘Relight My Fire’ came on; I did not know who this girl was, but she was a great dancer, going from out-and-funky to close-and-sexy; and sexy she was in her red hot pants and bra top.  
I spent the night with the girl in red, dancing/chatting/drinking/laughing, generally having a good time. When I felt it was time for me to go, she tried to make me stay, but I was strong. Instead I went back down and had a wander. I walked through a couple of halls, one was techno, another was waltzing; I stopped and watched the dancing, I loved to see the people move. There is something about dancing that makes me think there must be a God, there is something so natural; human nature seems to pervade through it, through the movement, the rhythm. Rhythm is a strange thing, it is one of the things that link us to the rest of nature, so much of nature has rhythm and it’s that link that makes me feel there is a design, a wonderful linking of all the species that evolution can’t explain. By evolution we are all in competition, but there is so much evidence that we all work together. 
I also liked to see the freedom of the people dancing; no one is worrying about anything, not really thinking about anything, just letting the music flow through them. Letting go. It’s beautiful really, especially there where no one cared what you danced to, just that you danced. 
I ended up in a bar, I can’t remember what kind of music it played, I was busy thinking about how all this, as good as it was, just wasn’t as good as where I had been. Despite Eve’s place being smaller with less people, there was so much more to it. I tried to put my finger on it, but couldn’t. I thought of the woman in the first room, about what she had said, ‘That’s what I need; the halls have nothing for me anymore.’ I thought about my life here, about everything that had happened and thought again of moving on, of finding something new. I just felt that maybe I was becoming too much a part of everything, too embroiled in the stories of peoples lives. Maybe I needed something new too, maybe the halls had nothing for me either.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Life was good; for the first time since coming to this city I was just relaxing and enjoying myself. I was writing well, though when I think back I realise that I was doing more walking, more visiting bars and the park than writing. In fact I guess I did a lot less writing than I thought, but because when I did write it came easily it seemed that way. In fact looking back I was misguided all round. Yes I was having a good time, but at the same time I was slipping; I was staying late at the hotel, sometimes Layla and I stayed the night in one of the rooms upstairs. I was getting up late, missing breakfast, I had begun to sleep with Layla, but also I began to have thoughts about the girls at home. It also seemed that Giselle still kept her offer. I began flirting jokingly one night after a few beers and she played it back. This went on over the days and she would let me catch her coming from the shower in a towel, or in some skimpy underwear. 
In this modern world people probably see nothing wrong with casual sex, but I was, am, not like that. I believed that sex is a part of love, old fashioned I know, but so many people had told me that they wished they had waited until married, until it was with that one special person; or at least that it wasn’t with him or her, that one was a mistake etc. Geez, sharing your body seems too important to make mistakes about it. And really, though the world is obsessed with sex, it is not as great as it is made out to be. With the person you love it must be amazing, but without that emotional attachment it is just mutual masturbation, and though masturbation is fun, so is skateboarding, bungee jumping, or a Rage Against the Machine concert. To me my casual affairs were a sign of my falling.    
In the midst of all this though I continued to spend time with Charlie, we went for lunch a few times, for walks around the city.  One day we sat inside a cafe; outside the weather was overcast, the first really dull day I could remember. We were drinking coffee and had been talking about how Charlie wanted to go to college, to get a degree. In what she was not so sure. We sat in contemplation for a few minutes,
“What about you, Richard? Where are you going next?” she asked.
“I don’t know. Who says I’m going anywhere?”
“You can’t stay here, Richard,” she stated.
“Why not? I like it here,” I came back, I was annoyed though I didn’t know why.
“This is not a staying place, this is an in-between place. Somewhere to go before moving on, no one comes here deliberately, it’s just part of the journey.”
I got angrier, “Well, maybe this is the end of my journey, maybe here I have found what I’m looking for.”
“Really?” eyebrows raised. “Look at yourself, Rich, you’re changing, you’re not the man you were when you came.”
“So? Everybody changes, that’s just life,” a whispered shout.
“But it’s not for the better; if you keep going this way you’ll going to fall apart.”
I stood up, “I don’t need this, Charlie, I’ve finally found somewhere that I am happy, living the life I want to. I don’t need you trying to pull it apart!” 
“Richard, I’m sorry. Sit down,” I looked at her looking at me looking at her and my anger drained into her eyes. I sat down. “I’m sorry,” she said again and took my hands, “it’s just that I care about you, Rich.”
“You shouldn’t.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I know.”

Not always so dark though; one time we went out in the morning to buy some milk and got back after everyone else had gone to bed, drunk and having found ourselves in quite some interesting places:
“Rich, come help me buy milk,” she breezed in to the kitchen where I ate a late lunch of cold burnt toast and black tea, due to the lack of milk. 
Man, I hated that toaster, it was ancient and appeared to choose what setting it would cook on at random; one day setting five would merely suggest to the bread that it might want to become toast, the next time setting 1 would roast the bread as if it were Hades own toaster.
“Does buying milk not come under your list of many exciting talents?”
She hit me, “Yes; I just thought it would be more fun!”
“Really? You must throw a cracking party,” beautifully deadpan.
“Fine, I’ll go by myself and you’ll never know how much fun it could have been!” 
She started over to the door. I ditched breakfast and caught her the other side. “OK, so where are we going for milk?” I grinned.
“Oh, so now you’re coming?”
“Yeah, I thought it might be fun!” She hit me again.
We walked to the end of the street and she stopped.
“Where shall we buy milk?”
“Erm, the shop?” I asked unsure at such a dumb question.
“Yes,” she said as if she was explaining to a child, “but which shop? It’s a beautiful day, why just go to the shop and back? Let’s get a walk as well, have some fun!” she grew more excited as she talked and I could feel it seep into my bones too.
“OK, crazy girl, you want adventure, why don’t we buy it from the other side of the river?”
“Good plan, Major, let’s march.” She marched off as if she was in the army and I caught up in a jazz like amble humming El Carretero.
We never made it across the river, thinking back I’m not sure I ever crossed the river with any of the girls. When we got to the river we saw a large boat moored at one of the many small jetties. Looked like some kind of student party, maybe mid term or end of term ball, I had no idea where in the year we were anymore.
“Now that looks like fun,” Charlotte said with a gleam.
“More fun than buying milk,” I replied looking across the river to where I had met Layla the first time.
“Oh, well in that case,” she chimed with mock annoyance and walked down toward the boat.
Then I looked over at her back. “Hey!” I called. “Where are you going?” but the only answer I got was the wiggle of her backside, which isn’t a bad answer for sure. 
I ran to catch up with her as she reached the boat and a young man standing watching our arrival from the deck. By the time I caught up Charlie was saying, “Him? Oh, he’s my brother. Come on what do you say, help us celebrate my birthday? I’m sure you could enjoy it too…”
Amazingly he helped us on board; at the time I thought about how shallow men were, letting any old stranger crash their party as long as she was hot enough. However these thoughts quickly changed when I realised that I was the reason we got on. As we walked down a short flight of stairs into the one large cabin a large banner celebrated the university’s Bi, Gay, Lesbian Society Ball. 
“Hi there, sweetheart, I don’t think I know you,” said a large muscular man with the effeminate voice of a young girl. It was so odd I just stared at him for what seemed like hours until he said, “Hey, you in there? I know I’m easy on the eye, but let’s make conversation first.”
My brain clicked back in place, or maybe it was natural instincts kicking, and I said, “How about a drink first?”
Now I’m no homophobe, but I do find it kinda uncomfortable around a lot of gay men, I also know that that’s bad, it’s weird how we assume those who are sexually different to us are also sexually perverted. People even steer clear of nudists, assuming that they all get naked and have mass orgies and probably sacrifice something while they’re at it. So even though I don’t really believe it, part of me worried that these men were going to try and have sex with me, any which way they could. The fact is, I doubt any of them found me particularly attractive and anyhow they weren’t fooled.
“Well looky here, Keith’s found him a nice straight boy!” said a short thin boy with more mouth than face.
“Ooh, I just love ‘em straight!” laughed a man in a dress that was far too tight for any man to be comfortable.
I put my drink down on the bar where I was standing next to Keith. “Wait, why do you think I’m straight?” I asked not wanting to say I was gay, but not wanting to blow our cover.
“Oh, come on, darling,” said a girl with a shaved head and wearing dungarees which struck me as too clichéd to actually wear, “it’s not very hard is it? You just don’t mince enough to be one of us.”
“And you have a terrible sense of style!” said a man in a rainbow coloured t-shirt and jeans. And thusly a comment I took offence at. 
At that point Charlie walked up arm in arm with a girl dressed in a suit. “So this must be your friend,” said Suit-Girl. “What’s a good looking dyke like you doing hanging around with a pretty boy like this?”
Now I would like to say my first thought was ‘how the hell has she managed to blend in’, but really it was ‘Bangkok sandwich’, but then that got pushed to the back as I started to wonder how she had managed to fit in, which was then pushed out by “All You Need is Love” by the Beatles.
“Ahh, he’s a laugh, anyway good to have some straight friends, keep it all in perspective,” said Charlie winking at me.
I took a long drink from another bottle of ‘The King’ held back a gag and then said “Hey, come on I could be gay, I can mince!”
“Oh, that I want to see,” giggled Keith.
“OK,” they moved out to give me room and I did my best mince. One of those things that make you promise to never drink again when you remember the next morning. They all cheered and applauded and I was accepted into the group as an affiliate gay. I danced with a couple of Bi girls, and by the end of it even with some of the men. I like gay men, most just don’t give a shit. I guess that when everyone sees you as, at the least weird and at the worst an abomination, you have to take it on the chin. You realise that if you’re going to be oppressed it seems foolish to let the little things in life worry you.
By the time we got off the boat at the same place we got on (the boat did a circle starting and finishing near the university) it was dark and we still had no milk.
We ambled slowly through the near deserted streets toward the Grand Place, listening to the snatches of television coming from the houses we passed. So many people living on a cushion pretending to have someone else’s life.
We bought milk but didn’t make it past several of the bars that were still open; in fact we left the milk in one of them and had to find a late night store that was still open. When we got home everyone else was in bed and we staggered quietly (or at least we hoped quietly) upstairs. We came to Charlie’s room first and she took my hand to pull me inside, but I resisted. Well, until a strong kiss weakened me and we fell onto her bed where she kneeled over me and then on all fours began to kiss me. Just as I felt that I could go further she rolled off of me and lay still next to me; I looked over to see that she had promptly passed out. Part of me was sorry, but more was relieved that we hadn’t done anything and I went up to my own room.
To be honest I remember very little of that night; except one thing still lodges in my memory. Walking from the river we went down the street with the Curio shops and there was one still open, the one I had already been in. There was something about the yellow light spilling out, but I had no idea what. I felt a nagging need to go in, but as I slowed, Charlie’s arm, looped in mine, pulled me on.  

Through this, plans for Jessica’s birthday grew, plans to party, where to go, what to wear, when to wear it and how. It was still a month away, and what a month it would turn out to be. 

Layla and I sat on the riverbank; it was cool, but still pleasant. Summer was going into hibernation. We sat with her between my legs so we both looked across the river. 
“How long have you lived here?” I asked her.
She thought, “I moved here for University so about three years. Damn, time just escapes.”
 “That’s true,” I realised I did not know how long I had been there, but it couldn’t be as long as I thought. “What do you think you’ll do next?” Echoing Charlie’s questioning.
Layla looked around at me with a question on her face, “Who says I’m going anywhere?” 
“That’s what I said,” I replied more to myself.
“Now you’re really confusing me,” she looked forward again and we sat silently for a time before she spoke.
“I guess I am going to move on. I’ve never really thought about it, but I guess I won’t find what I am looking for here.”
“And what might that be?” New territory; Ocean Colour Scene’s “It’s My Shadow” swam lazily through my head.
“I’d like to be part of an orchestra or something, you know one that travels. It’d be cool to be paid for doing something you love. Don’t you think?”
“Yeah,” I thought about where I was now, doing the one thing I loved, where it was taking me.
“Where are you going?”  
“Me? Anywhere you go,” I replied.
“Oh, Richard don’t be silly.” A statement. I felt my heart crush slightly.
“Hey, you realise we still haven’t gone up to Eve’s Place, I’ve kinda shied away to be honest, It sounds silly, but part of me is afraid. I want to go see what’s going on in there, though. Before I leave.” 
My heart crushed a little further, but the love I was feeling for this woman kept it up, together. Whatever happened now, we could make it through. Happiness was here, with her. At least that is what I thought then, blinded by hope perhaps, or just the want for it to be her and that my shadow would find me blissfully asleep in the sun.

A couple of days later Jessica found me finishing off the washing up, she seemed upset, though was trying to keep herself together. She held an envelope in her hands and twisted it about in her grip. Madame Connolly had a post-box so that the girls could keep in touch with people they wanted to without anyone knowing where they were. It was all quite elaborate and meant that post actually got to the house a day later, at about midday. I looked at her and then down at the envelope.
“Jess,” I started.
“Can we go for a walk, Richy? Please.”
“Yeah sure, let me get a coat,” it was spitting with rain outside and momma didn’t raise no fool.

We walked for a long time, not saying anything. The wind had picked up and I drew my coat around me, collar up. We walked along the river and the wind swept down it in anger. It seemed that the wind was acting upon how Jess felt.
Finally we turned away from the river; I had never followed it this way and hoped she knew where she was. She did, we turned a number of corners and found ourselves at her bar. We took the same seats as we had the first time we were here, though it was actually busier now, mid afternoon, than it had been that night. It was a very multi-racial bar; I could see someone from nearly every country there. I was going to say every race, but we are all part of the human race, there is no ‘White race’ or even an African race or an Asian race. Surely we are all just the human race? Where all this racism came from I don’t know. And don’t call me Shirley. 
Jess got up again quickly and went to the bar, she left the envelope on the table and I could see that it was a letter. The address was a rough scrawl, a man’s writing; I stared at that writing all while she was at the bar, wondering who it was, what had he said that had done this to Jessica. I found out when she came and sat down with beers.
“It’s a letter,” she stated and I nodded resisting the urge to say ‘no shit’ and grin, instead I just looked up at her. The jukebox was playing ‘Summer of ‘69’.
 I thought about our last conversation here and asked, “Who are you running from, Jess?” 
She looked me in the eyes, “It doesn’t take long living at Maeve’s before your story comes out, before you find out that you’re not the only one. Most of the girls are running from something, or someone. Giselle, she used to live in a favela, she crossed the border illegally and worked her way up here. She’s been in some horrible places, working the streets and stuff. She still sends money back to her family though. Charlie, she escaped from her violent parents, she jokes that she’s run so far she’s nearly back in New Zealand,” a small smile. “The others have run from husbands, boyfriends, drugs, money, all sorts, Audrey was forced to mule for the Triads. We’ve all got a story of abuse. Mine is my Dad, he was a gambler and a drunk.” She stopped here and picked up the letter; she began twisting it in her hands, turning it over and over, running her fingers over the writing. 
 “He used to abuse me, I mean not just beat me up like Charlie’s parents, but,” she stopped again and tears began to roll, she kept looking at the letter, “he used to touch me when I was little, and, and, and as I got older he did, well, you know, more to me,” she sniffed and swept her tears away angrily. “Nobody would ever believe it though; sober he seemed such a nice person, always friendly to everyone, but when he got home and drank,” she trailed off.
“What about your mother?”
“She left when I was just young, I guess he beat her too, gambled away all their money,” she shook her head. “Eventually his drinking took over, he couldn’t hide it, but by that time I was old enough to leave.” She stopped, but I could tell it wasn’t the end of the story.
 “He found you again?” I asked gently and she nodded.
“I went to stay with my Uncle and Aunt, but after a month he found out I was there, I think he had just been drinking since I left. I hid upstairs with my Aunt and listened to him yelling at his brother to be let in. To see his little girl. I could hear Uncle telling him he had to come back sober, and then he could see me. At that I started to cry and I told my Aunt what he had done to me. Dad left after awhile and my aunt told Uncle Jim what I had said, but he would not believe it, he said that recently Dad had had problems and that when he stopped drinking it would be fine. He told me to go to my room, he was so angry.
 “That night my Aunt came into my room and gave me money, she told me to leave, to come north and start a new life,” she knocked back half her beer and looked at me. Then she slowly slid the letter across the table. I took it and lifted the letter out.

My little Jessie

How I’ve missed you girl missed your touch your soft skin I’ve looked for you for so long and now finally we are close to being together again you cant run forever Baby Girl you belong to me

Your Daddy

It was written in the same scrawl as the envelope, the scrawl of a drinker, completely sans punctuation. I put it back in the envelope and looked up at her.
‘Sweet Home Alabama’ came on the juke. 
“He doesn’t know where you are though,” I told her.
She looked at me amazed, “He’ll find me though, he won’t stop!” Her voice begging to hit the higher register.
I took her hands, “No, Jess, Madame Connolly has made sure that you are safe from the past. That’s what it’s all about. Nobody’s going to let anyone hurt you.”
“Like Françoise?” 

I took her back home, her words still stinging in my ears. Instead of going in though I put her in the car and drove out to the desert. She protested at first, but I ignored her and just drove. We got to the hotel and she was amazed that there was such a place. On the way there it had begun to rain and as we pulled up we could see that a number of people were dancing in the rain, music coming from a boom box someone had put under the cover of the entrance stairs. They danced to drum and bass that I did not recognise.
Jess stopped to watch and it seemed her troubles were washed away by the rain; the music; and the dance. I dragged her in doors as the rain increased and once again found myself in the foyer; I could here the rain on the roof mingling in with the music to make one symphony. 
“What is this place?” she asked mesmerised.
“This is the Eden Hotel, a place to relax, to escape, a place where your troubles never find you.” 

I thought I had done a good thing by taking Jess to the hotel, I thought it was what she needed, hell, it was what she needed and I didn’t know any better. She had an amazing time there that night, we danced to all kinds of music, she kept pulling me on to a new hall or bar, I must have seen more of that hotel that one night than I ever did. If I could have seen the future, or if I really knew what the hotel was about then I would not have taken her there. But I didn’t. 
Can I blame myself? I do, but really, I could not know what would happen, how things would go down. It seems unfair that we can make bad decisions based on good intentions, how are we supposed to know how things will turn out? And if I hadn’t taken her there? Would she have done something out of fear of her father, something worse? No, it couldn’t have gone worse, it could not have all fallen apart so quickly, so completely.

We did not get back until the next morning, having stayed in one of the rooms at the hotel. I was thankful to find that though we had shared a bed (I never found a single room in the hotel) we were both dressed and I had no memory of any fooling around. I was, however, worried about Madame Connolly, I did not think she would be too happy at me keeping her girls out all night. When we stepped into the kitchen, Heidi was just coming out, she said a cheery hello, and Charlie was washing her plate.
“Hey, Charlie,” Jess chirped and she looked around.
“Oh, hey guys, how’s it going?”
Jess looked at her and then down at Madame Connolly who had been sitting at the table with a tea. “I need to tell you something,” she said, sat down and then poured out the story.  

After she had finished Madame assured her they would do everything to keep Jess safe, and that it would be very hard to track her from the post; she also got a description, but it was vague due to the years. After Charlie had taken her up to get a shower (she was in a state again after recounting her past) I sat down with Madame.
“Sorry that I kept her out all night,” I said.
“Do not worry about it,” came the reply.
“You know Madame, it seems to me that you don’t seem too bothered about business,” I said tentatively.
“I don’t know what you mean, Richard. I care very much about these girls.”
“Exactly, about the girls, but not about business. If one of the girls is in no state to work or is showing me around the city, or even if they just go off like Jess yesterday. You never mind, never care that business might slack.” 
She looked at me and then drank some tea, “No, Richard, what’s more important? Money or the well being of the girls?”
“Well, the girls, but surely you are here as a business first? I mean that’s great, I was worried that you might be cross with me,” I stammered.
“Worried? Why?”
“Well, I don’t know what life was like here before I arrived, but it seems that in the short time I’ve been here things have been going quite mental, I was worried that I might be upsetting the status quo.”
She smiled then, but more to something inside than at me, “Ah, Richard, but you are the status quo,” she finished her tea and got up.
I twisted in my seat as she went to the door, “What’s that supposed to mean?” an inflection of anger.
She turned with the door in hand, a reversal of another time, “All too soon you will find out, Richard. All too soon.” 
And with that she left me sitting alone. I ran the last verse of ‘Stairway’ through my head and I wondered.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Two nights later I sat in a hall watching the dancers, I felt good, the trials of the last few days and the pressure of writing were washed away by the music.
“Well, well, hello, good sir.” I looked up to find Dan.
“Dan! Hey, man, how’s it going?” He sat down. “I haven’t seen you around for ages where you been?”
“Oh, out of town, business.” I was going to ask him what he did, but finally I was realising that questions were not to be asked. “So anything exciting been going on in my absence?”
I filled him in with the little gossip there was, all the time wondering whether to mention going to Eve’s place. It was strange, I felt protective of it, like I did not want to share it, but then it was not up to me to share. He had to be chosen.
“Do you know the owner of this place?” I asked him after we had moved into a bar; I was getting drunk and couldn’t control my tongue.
“Eve? Can’t say I know her, know of her of course, why?”
“I met her while you were away, she invited me up to her place to hang out,” I told him and sipped on some crazy cocktail Dan had ordered.
“What! No way!” Dan nearly spilled his drink. I just nodded. “Well, what’s it like? Can we go?”
I told him what it was like, so far, but that I thought he would have to be invited. I would ask Eve though when I saw her. 
Actually talking about it to him, my greed disappeared and I wanted to take him up there, to share the fun. Then suddenly arms encircled my neck and Layla’s face appeared on my shoulder.
“Well, hello there, stranger,” I said and twisted to give her a kiss. Then as she took a stool I introduced her to Dan. We spoke a little, but when I asked her if she wanted a drink:
“I was thinking we could get one up at Eve’s,” she said.
“Good plan,” having spoken about it had made me want to go, plus I could then see if I could get Dan an invite up there.   
We got up to go, but Dan was less than happy, “Man, this is my first night back, you gonna leave me?”
“Come on Dan, I might be able to get you up at Eve’s tonight. This is for you.” Lie, it was for me, I wanted to go up there.
“I’d rather hang out with friends here than maybe get to see you at Eve’s,” he replied.
“Man, you know loads of people here, and anyway once you’ve been to Eve’s you’ll understand. I’ll find you later,” with that we left him. 
When I had first gone to Eve’s I had told her I would rather be in the halls with my friends than up with the wannabes, but there I was forsaking my friend to see what else Eve’s held. I had become a wannabe.
When the mirrored door opened for us we made our way straight for the next door, I didn’t even look to see who was in the first room. I was slightly worried that the woman I had spoken to would be there, that she would want me to get her through the next door; I guess I was also worried about what those people thought of us who were able to go to the next room, were they envious or did they hate us for it? Did they wish to be us, or just to replace us?
The next room was quiet, there was music playing at a low volume and only a handful of people sitting around chatting. I wondered if the girl in red was there, but realised I had no idea what she looked like. We went to the bar and got a drink and Layla fell into conversation with a man at the bar; I took the opportunity to look around, to see if I could recognise that girl, I felt bad that I couldn’t, that she was just a one night thing, disposable. Then in walked Eve and the air seemed to change.
Though nobody stopped talking it was obvious that everyone knew she was there, that everyone had a little bit of attention fixed on her. Would she upgrade someone here? For the first time I realised that I felt the same. Up until now I had not cared either way, but now I wanted to get to the next place, the next room, experience something new, THE NEXT BIG THING! She walked over to a couple of guys sitting on a sofa and, after they had shifted, sat in-between them. They talked and she had arms around them, they were flirting and so was she. 
I got talking to some woman and when, at some point, the music got turned up we danced together. After that Layla came and took over and we danced and she told me about her conversation with the man at the bar; he was some kind of political, he called himself a ‘New-Communist’, it was a new way of thinking, like communism, but with a capitalist system where everything was run by everyone for everyone. This seemed to mean that everyone got a share of everybody else’s profits. She thought he was crazy and I was inclined to agree. Later I stood at the bar and watched other people dance; Layla was up there with another woman while various men tried to join them. Unsuccessfully. Finally it was my turn with Eve.
“I thought you were ignoring me,” I said to her as she took a stool next to me. The bar man poured her a drink without being asked.
“Why, do you think you’re something special?” she said and, grinning, took a sip of her drink.
“Yep.”
“That’s right; you’re the only one in the room who isn’t either trying to get in my pants or into the next room; or trying to get into my pants in order to get into the next room, or even trying to get into my pants in the next room.” 
I felt strangely that she might be probing me in order to see if I was just another sad wannabe. I thought of Dan and suddenly shame flooded my heart, I realised that I was a wannabe, that I had left the halls and my friend just for the hope of being chosen. Suddenly I didn’t want to be chosen, I wanted to be spurned so that I could leave.
“You know, Richard,” she continued, “I do a service here, I don’t have to open my hotel for the pleasure of others, but I do and all anybody wants is more. I am good hearted to these people.” 
“OK, I get the picture, but if that’s true, why all the rooms, why not just leave them be in the halls or invite them to your place?”
She laughed, “Oh, Richard, not all of them could come up to my place and not all of them could stay down in the halls. You see you have to find the right place for them, those in the first room have to prove that they won’t spoil things for those in the next room and so on. I find the right place for them, but some don’t realise this, all they want is more, what ever is behind the next door. Whether it is really good for them or not,” she sipped her drink. “In fact it’s quite magnanimous of me really.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes, I mean I don’t have to let them come this far, but I do, I give them something here that is so much better than what is in the halls. It’s just themselves that they are not satisfied with. Are you satisfied?”
“Satisfied? With this? No. But I’m not going to be satisfied with the next room either, or with any of your games. What you give these people is hope, hope in nothing. This place may well be better than the halls, but you make sure no one can enjoy it because of the promise of something beyond the next door. The people downstairs are there simply to let go, to have fun. The people here are desperate. You take happy people and make them desperate by bringing them here.”
“You’d rather be in the halls?” she asked.
I thought of all the different people I knew down there, the people I met new each night or saw regularly; I thought of Dan. I sang ‘You gotta Move’ by the Kinks. 
“I do want to know what is so great that it does this to these people; I do wanna know what is in your final room. But I’d rather be happy than desperate. If you can offer me this without the desperation I’ll take it. Happiness should be free,” I felt quite brazen.
She smiled at me somewhat maliciously and then broke into laughter. “No one has spoken to me like that for a long time! Happiness for free, huh? Oh poor dear, nothing is free,” she finished her drink. “Well, I can’t stay here forever, there is so much more fun elsewhere. Next time I find you in the halls Richard, I will give you something free, free access to this place, until then you can keep to your beloved halls. And yes, you can bring your friend, Dan.” 
With that she got up grabbed one of the better-looking men and disappeared through the next door.
I walked over to Layla and she pulled me into the dance with the two of them. We danced for several minutes, it all started to get dirty, but I was not in the mood.
“I’m going back downstairs,” I pulled her close and the other woman wrapped around me from behind.
“OK,” she replied and pulled away. We moved around and when I was close again I said, “Are you coming with me?”
“No, I’m going to stay here, this is much better.”
“Layla.”
“I’ll see you later, honey,” she gave me a long kiss that I broke free of and left.   

I wandered through the hotel, somewhere along the line I got a drink, but after half an hour of walking the beer was warm and untouched in the bottle. What was going on? I thought I had found something here, something good. Was this good? Was this my definition of happiness? Still alone, still wandering. I looked for Dan.
“There you are,” I said and took a stool at the bar.
“Excuse me,” Dan said to the girl he was talking to, and then turned to me. “So, what brings His Highness down to this level?”
“Come on, Dan.”
“Why should I, huh? Seems to me that you’ve got better friends upstairs,” he was angry, worse he was hurt.
“I was wrong,” I said, but part of me didn’t believe it. Now I was back down here I wanted to be back up at Eve’s. “Listen, I’ve got you into upstairs.”
“Yeah?” he perked up. “Cool, can we go now?” Everyone’s your friend again when you have something to give.
“Nah, she said I had free access from the next time she finds me, til then it’s down here,” his face darkened. 
“Are you sure? I mean did she say I could go?”
“Dude, she said I had free access and I could bring my friend Dan too.”
“She knew my name?” he thought for a second. “Well to hell with this, I’m in. Free access, huh? Never been heard of here. It’s got to be worth a try! When will she come find you?”
“How do I know? Come on, let’s go find some girls to dance with.”
“Yeah, why not. You can tell me what it’s like up there. Get me ready for it. Where’s your bird?”
“Dunno.”
We wandered off.

Nothing could have got us ready for what we would find up there that next time.

It was close to Jess’ birthday, all the plans were set and all the presents bought. I was going to take Jess out while the girls decorated the house. We had jointly bought her a stunning dress and a beautiful necklace with a shimmering diamond. Personally I had bought her a little statue that the man in the curio shop said was from Jaipur, the Pink City, in India. It was meant to mean good luck and was small enough to fit in you palm. I also bought her some nice smelling bath stuff. Girls love that shit, right?
I sat on my bed and strummed a few chords; I was trying to write a song for Jess, for her birthday. There came a knock on my door and Charlie poked her head around.
“Have you wrapped your prezzies?” she asked. “What are you playing?” 
She stepped inside.
“Hmm, I’m trying, unsuccessfully, to write a song for Jess. For her birthday.”
“Cool, how does it go so far?”
“Well,” I started to play the tune. It was a pretty basic three-chord trick.
“That’s nice, have you any words yet?”
“No, not really. Can you think of any?” I asked her.
“I don’t know about that. Start playing again.”
I played and we tried to put words to it, it was funny, trying to get lines to rhyme without sounding corny.
“OK, how about, ‘she’s got the sun in her hair and the wind in her laugh?’,” I asked.
Charlie laughed, “It’s nice, but a bit corny, how about, ‘With the sun in her hair, she brightens our life. Our good ol’ American girl’?”
I was impressed, “Nice, we can go with that.”
 It was good to laugh with Charlie again; it felt like we were building our friendship again through the song. It was just a shame the next events came so soon, too soon for the glue of our friendship to dry, too soon to for it to weather the storm. I would feel it strain that night in the hotel and felt it break, almost tangibly felt it snap in the car on the way back. In some ways that was the saddest thing that night, that one moment when I knew everything was gone. Gone forever.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The day before Jess’ birthday. 
It’s funny, looking back on it part of me thinks I could never have seen it all coming, but then deep down I realise that if I had looked, if I had pulled back I could have seen. Seen it all from the start. But then we don’t live like that do we? We rarely look at the big picture; don’t look at what consequences there could be. We live in the moment with our nose to the ground and our eyes in the pit. 
I walked through the park holding Layla’s hand. It was strange to walk like this, to other eyes just like any other normal couple walking on this cold, ice grey day. It seemed strange considering the way our relationship went. Were we really even a couple? I still hadn’t been to her place and I certainly was not going to take her to mine. Because I was ashamed or embarrassed? No, because they were two different worlds and I didn’t want to bring them together. I guess if I had thought about that I would have upped and left Layla then; or would I have left the House of Blue Light? No I couldn’t leave there, it was part of me by then. Ah, if only I had taken just a minute to think of these things. Maybe if I had just brought the two worlds together I might have broken something, united something. But I was selfish.
“So what are your plans for tonight?” I asked looking out over the choppy, somehow inviting lake.
“Me? Nothing much.”
“You want to go out?” I looked at her, but she was looking away.
“No,” she looked at me. “Nothing much, but something.”
“Oh? Like what?”
“Nothing much,” she looked over the waters.
“Fine,” I said, trying to keep hurt out of this. “Have you got the time?”
“Yeah,” she looked at her watch, “it’s five, I should go get something to eat.”
“Yeah,” I was glad she said it; suddenly I wanted to be away as well. “Listen, is it alright if I let you go alone I just want to go see if anyone is playing.”
“Playing?”
“Sorry, chess”
“OK, sweetheart, I’ll see you tomorrow?” she asked, it was as if she never thought her secrecy could mean anything.
“I can’t tomorrow I have to,” somehow I didn’t want to share Jess’ birthday with her, “do some stuff. I’ll be free on Sunday, maybe a meal in the evening?”
“Sounds good to me,” she kissed me, “I’ll see you at six at O’Donnell’s?”
“Cool.”
She walked off not looking back. It’s stupid really, I had been hurt that she wouldn’t share her evenings plans with me, but then I was quite happy to hide Jess’ party from her. Again if I had thought about it then I would have seen what a ridiculous situation we were in, one that would only end in hurt. 
I walked towards the bare trees underneath which I knew nobody would be playing chess. I knew she would be around though. 
 “So you like her?” a little voice said.
“What’s not to like?” I asked and sat at an empty table.
Alice sat down opposite me. “I don’t like her anymore.”
“You’ve never met her, how can you know?” I looked into those little sky blue eyes.
“She feels wrong,” was the reply.
“We all feel wrong inside,” was all I could reply, “you have to learn to ignore that.”
“Why?”
“Because that’s the way life is,” slight impatience.
“Why?”
“Look-”
“I do, and all I see is adults just trying to get what they can here and now, nobody searches.”
“Oh, and I suppose kids are so much deeper.” Sarcasm, surely no longer the lowest form of wit.
“When was the last time you played make-believe?” 
That threw me.
“Adults think growing up is losing their childishness. I always want to think like a child!”
“But you always will be a child, won’t you?” I did not know what that meant.
“It’s the way into heaven,” she got up and skipped away. I laid my head on the table nestled in my arms.

That night I was to take Jess out so that everything could be prepared, a test run as it were, before tomorrow. Tomorrow I would take her out again so that they could set stuff up for the surprise party and I would then bring her straight slap bang into it. I was glad now that Layla had declined to join us, it was a stupid thing to have asked her, I don’t know why I did. Perhaps part of me wanted to join the two worlds. Perhaps part of me wanted to bring all this crashing down. That would not be tonight though, tonight I would take her to the hotel again, this time with nothing hanging over our heads, or with everything, but at least this time without our knowledge.
We drove out in silence listening to a mix tape.
She broke through Stiltskin’s ‘Inside’. “Another year.”
“Yep, happens to the best of us,” I glanced at her.
“I like birthdays though. Another year that I can escape; another year closer to something better; another further from the past.”
“That’s true, and good. Another year when I might find out what I should be doing with my life!” I laughed.
“I thought writing was your life?”
“Yeah, same here, but you know, when you get to that thing you thought was it, it’s not always. Sometimes gaining something just shows you what you’re missing,” I lowered the joy.
“And what are you missing?” she asked, I could feel her eyes on me.
Love, belonging, knowing that I live in the heart of someone special.  “I dunno, it doesn’t get me down. Nothing’s gonna get me down, I‘m ready to party tonight! A little birthday bash, just the two of us.” Dylan’s ‘Slow Train Coming’ came on the radio ominously.
She picked up, “Yes, a little fun, maybe you’ll have a present for me. Maybe I’ll have one for you,” her eyes were on me a long time and I looked at her. I tried not to see the glint in her eyes. Tried to keep the one from mine.

At the hotel two young girls sat on the front steps, an arm around each other, one crying, the other impatient with sympathy. It’s hard to be a friend when you’re missing the fun. I hummed ‘Girl From Mars’.
We found a drink and went dancing. It was good, Jess found a boundless energy and pulled me from hall to bar, from bar to hall. Finally we found ourselves in a bar made out like from 1930’s Chicago, complete with bullet holes in the walls. Nice.
“Well, well, fancy not introducing me to your lovely friend!” Dan slipped into the booth, sitting down next to me. “Good evening, my name’s Daniel,” he spoke to Jess.
She giggled, “And I am Jessica.”
“It’s a pleasure,” he took her hand and kissed it.
“Don’t be fooled, he’s a rogue,” I said and looked at Dan.
“Ah, but a loveable rogue!” he exclaimed. “So is tonight the night?”
“Only if she comes down,” I said blankly.
“Who?” asked Jess.
“Me,” said a voice. 
I looked up at Eve. “You.”
She sat down next to Jess. “Well, you are Dan,” she ran a hand down the side of his face.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ma’am,” he stumbled.
“Of course it is. And you must be the birthday girl!”
Jess looked at me bemused and I briefly realised that I had never told her Dan’s name, and certainly not about Jess, but my time was gone.
“Why don’t you all come up and see me? Richy, my boy, will lead you the way.” 
She winked at me and slid out of the seat. “I’ll see y’all a bit later,” and she was gone having used Jess’ pet name for me.
 “Well, let’s go!” Dan got up.
“Go where, Richard? Who was that?” Small alarm and I notice she used my full name instead.
“I’ll explain on the way. Come on, let’s see what this is all about.” 
With that we left the halls, perhaps never to be able to go back to them, never without a longing to go upstairs. Never without the taste of other pleasures on our lips.

We stood in the mirrored room and it was filled with Dan’s excitement, Jess’ wonder and my-, my what? Unease? Yes, but more. I didn’t know where we were going, but it was the place everyone wanted to get to; the place that all the people at Eve’s were waiting to get invited to, the place that all the people in the halls were trying to reach. Whether they knew it yet or not. 
We walked into the first room and it was packed and buzzing. The music was loud and a good number of people were dancing. It seemed a lot more fun than any other time I had been there and it upped the ante in my mind. If this room could be like this, what would the next, and of course the rest be like. We went through the next-door, nobody even noticing us, then on through to the next room, unknown territory for me. It was larger again, but only half full. The buzz was almost electric; I wondered how many rooms there were, just getting larger and larger. Was there a final room, or did they go on forever, a hole in time and space dedicated to dancing and pleasure. Both Dan and Jess were amazed. Dan had a huge grin on his face. I started to move to the next-door, butterflies tugging at my stomach.
Dan stopped me, “Hey, man, let’s stop. This is brilliant.”
“We’re not there yet.” I said.
“What do you mean?” Jess piped up, she too was looking around wide-eyed.
“This is just the third room. You guys are lucky; all the people in the first room are waiting, hoping to get into the second room. All the people in there, yeah they’re having a great time, it’s better than the halls, better than the first room. But that isn’t it, they still hope to get here, all these you see here? Part of them is still hoping to get to the next room. What’s there I don’t know, how many more rooms there are I don’t know, but we have free access. You can stay here if you want, but I’ve got to go through that door,” my heart was pumping.
“A quick drink before we go through this door then?” suggested Jess. “You look like you need it, Richy.”
It was a good idea and we squeezed to the bar and the barman served me straight away. I ordered three shots of whiskey and gave one to Jess. She made a face but took it. I scanned for Dan who had started to dance with a woman in an almost see-through black dress. I pulled him away and gave him the shot.
“Hey, man, your spoiling my fun!”
“The fun hasn’t started yet,” I said and banged back the whiskey. Dan did the same and then Jess, with a cough. Then I led them through the next door. We walked quickly through another two rooms, each slightly cooler seeming, each with a better party, more people, more fun, more beautiful people, Eve’s natural selection. 
And then we walked through the last door. 
And into the light.

It was incredible. How could something like this exist here? Surely it was against logic.
“Oh, wow,” breathed Jess.
“Now would you look at this! Yeah, baby, this is what I’m talking about!” Dan, like a schoolboy.
A woman in a French maids outfit came past with a tray of champagne and we all took one. I fumbled and lit a cigarette.
We were standing on a great balcony, a balcony that stretched around a gigantic room. Below us was a huge dance floor with what seemed like hundreds of people dancing on it. Above us the room towered to a great glass roof. All over the balcony there were tables and chairs and amongst them were great exotic plants and filling the chairs people drinking and talking. The talk was loud and mingled into the music, oh, the music. Its beat pervaded everything, it was as if the walls and the plants were singing, humming, beating out the rhythm. 
“This is amazing!” Dan walked over to the rail and we followed him, looking down on all the people. From here I could see that the room continued under the balcony; at the sides I could see doors in the walls, but at the far end it seemed the room continued further, out of my vision. As I scanned the people I saw that there were more women dressed as maids carrying drinks, as well as men in black trousers, bow ties and cuffs, there bare-chests glinting in the light.
“Come on, let’s go down there!” exclaimed Dan.
“Yeah, that looks fun, c’mon Richy,” Jess was starting to pick up Dan’s enthusiasm.
“Hey, you guys go and have a dance together, I’m going to look around,” I couldn’t dance yet.
“No, come on, Richy.”
“It’s cool, Jess, go, I’ll find you.” 
Dan grabbed Jess by the hand and went off left. I saw them get halfway around before they disappeared into a doorway that I guessed was the stairwell.
I went to the right and found that part of the wall curved away into a larger space. Here again there were tables and plants, more plants, and at the far wall, a bar. I put down my empty glass and ordered a White Russian. A girl ran up to me giggling, grabbed my arse, kissed me on the lips and then ran away again. A dare, or just the way this place was? Who cared? I was relaxing now, this place was cool, like nothing I had ever imagined, so much better than the halls downstairs. This place made the halls feel dirty, like having lived in the cellar of a house for years and then coming up to find a bright, clean house. It was like drinking American beer and then travelling to Europe. It was brilliant; everywhere I looked there were people laughing, dancing, having fun, not caring. So many beautiful women, and I felt a part of it all, I was special, chosen, I belonged here. And that was it really, wasn’t it? Not the place, not the people or the drinks; it was that we were privileged to be here. It didn’t matter if the halls were better or worse than here, anyone could go to the halls, but here you were chosen, you had endured, you had what it took and you belonged. And that is what just about everyone really wants. To fit in somewhere. To belong. That was the magic of Eve’s Place.
I continued to walk around the balcony; before I had even got to the stairwell opposite the one Dan and Jess had gone down I got pulled into two dances with women more beautiful than I could imagine, and into a passionate kiss with another. Should I go down or continue around? I could see at the opposite end to which we entered the wall was just vast windows and people stood before the starry night, talked and danced. I looked across the room to the side opposite me and noticed in the far wall doors. I looked back along this wall and saw the same. I walked back and opened the door I had just passed, another short corridor. I closed it again, there was enough here to see. 
I went down the stairs.

As I came out I was hit by the intensity of the dancing; of the bodies; of the music, so much louder here. A woman in green trousers and a green bra grabbed me, kissed me and then dragged me into the sea of dance. 
I don’t know how long we danced for, I lost track of everything and nothing. We danced, we kissed, we laughed, we didn’t say much; nothing needed to be said. That wasn’t the point, was it? 
In-between two songs I took the chance to tell her I needed a drink, she grabbed me by the hair, kissed me with the passion of lovers and then I left. I wanted to find my friends, but before I did Eve found me.
“So you made it,” she said with a tint of surprise.
“Did you think I wouldn’t?”
“Well it seemed to me you might not. You might have said ‘well screw all that, screw ol’ Eve and her teasing people, swapping their happiness for despair’.” I suddenly felt bad, yes I could have said that, but I didn’t, couldn’t. I wasn’t as strong as she thought. And I wished that I was.
“Well, you’ve got to see what’s on offer,” I tried nonchalant.
“Well, that’s true, I’m glad that you did. Have some fun,” she said. “You need it.” 
Before I could ask what that meant she had disappeared into he crowd.
I continued to look around, deflated from my meeting from Eve. Part of me thought that she knew that I would come and her comments were meant to deflate me, for her not to know that I would come seemed unlikely, for her to twist my emotions seemed very likely. While I wandered and thought I bumped into Dan and Jess accidentally.
“Hey! There you are!” beamed Jess. “Let’s dance!” She grabbed me and dragged me toward the dance floor. I looked back at Dan and could see the disappointment pass his face. I looked forward to see where we were going and when I looked back there was a woman talking to Dan with her arms around his neck.
Jess and I danced a long while, the night wore on and when we were exhausted we went looking for Dan. Up the stairs and onto the balcony.
“Hey, I wonder where these doors go?” she asked and took my hand and led me to a door.
“I dunno,” I started but then we were through a door and into a corridor. “Jess,” but we were through another door into a longer corridor and then trying the first door. It was open and we went into a room.
The room was a bedroom, a king size four-poster bed stood in the centre, with silk curtains around it. I walked over to it and drew a curtain back; behind me I heard the click of the door being locked. I turned around to see Jess leaning against the door with a sly grin. 
“Jess,” I said again and then she unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off.
“Now for some real fun,” she purred and walked over to me. I wanted to resist, to say, ‘no this isn’t the way it should be’, but instead I was letting her take off my shirt. Then I was kissing her and my hands were reaching up and unhooking her white bra. My hands slipped across her breasts and up into her hair. Hers rubbed across my chest as my own trailed down her back to her rear. There they stayed feeling her tightness as she pushed me back. My legs hit the bed and I struggled not to fall over; my hands went back to her hair and then one to her breast, she groaned and then I twisted her and we both went onto the bed.
My hands went down to her jeans and undid them, but she rolled us over and then went down to my trousers and undid them. Then she stood up over me and slipped off her jeans. Standing in her knickers she then slipped off my trousers and looked down at me. She leaned down and put both hands on my chest, she slid them down to my thighs and then over my crotch. A groan escaped me and then she pulled my boxers down.
“Mmmm,” was all she sighed, then she slipped off her own knickers. I slid up on the bed and she straddled me, leaning down to kiss me as she took me in her hands. One of my hands found her breast as the other snaked between her legs and at that moment, just for a moment, I thought: I shouldn’t be doing this. But then I was lost.

We got back home in the early hours of the morning, I was amazed, it seemed we had been away so much longer. The journey back had sobered my thinking,
I felt rotten for having slept with Jess, it just didn’t seem right; I kept thinking of Layla, but why I didn’t know. It was not as if she had ever shown real feelings toward me. Yet I felt a link to her, a link I was cheating on, and more than that I also thought of Charlie. 
Man, what was going on? I could control my mind, my logic, but not my emotions. But I couldn’t understand my emotions either. And today was Jess’ birthday, today was the day, today neither logic nor emotion would matter. Today it would all slip away and I would be left in a void. If I was the status quo like Madame Connolly said then I was about to lose it and all the balance was about to be thrown out.
But then maybe that was why I was the status quo, the balance, maybe these things had to happen to move us all on. And Jess was the sacrifice.     

There was a buzz in the air all day, I got up mid morning and after lunch I took a walk and a think.
Lunch had been good, that buzz made everything else disappear and we laughed and teased. Nothing was going to spoil today. I sat between Giselle and Françoise and they teased me about my bloodshot eyes and the smell of booze in my hair. Later the wind would blow that smell into the air where it drifted up and over the houses and across the city out into the desert where it would eventually come to rest where I had got it. 
I sat in a café and wrote more of my book in a notebook, the sky was clear today, a light rain had washed the streets through the morning and now they shone dully in the sun. The book was actually coming along, though it was difficult for me to write as a woman, I blended the girls I knew, let my character react as they would, I wrote of a little girl in a yellow dress, of a woman plying a trade that broke her dreams.
I ordered a coffee from a hot little waitress who flashed me the kind of smile that lasts in your mind all day. 
“What are you writing?” she asked as she brought my second cup.
“Oh, er, it’s a novel I’m working on,” I replied surprisingly shyly.
“Cool, I do a bit of writing myself. Not a lot, mainly just short stories. Y’know justa bit of fun.” she looked down at my scribbles. 
 “Ever thought about trying to get published?” I asked and she laughed.
“I can’t see me getting published!”
“Why not? You never know until you try, it worked for me,” not the most original piece of advice.
“You’re published? What is it called?” I told her and surprise took her over. “Hey, I’ve read it, that’s so cool! Maybe you could read some of my stuff?” 
“Yeah, why not?” I told her the next time I was in I would take some off her and she skipped back to the counter. When I left she gave me an extra shiny smile and I winked.

I jazz-ambled home through the city thinking of last night, of Eve’s place, of the freedom I felt, of a longing to go back, singing ‘Leader of the Pack’ in my head. But not tonight, tonight was for Jess. I sighed to myself, tonight would be good, a time for renewal at the House of Blue Light, a time for being friends where we could forget the blues and concentrate on the jazz. A time to forget the past, to move from the halls to the Eve’s Place of our own little world; to forget all that had gone by and move on. I hummed “You Can Go your Own Way” and I believed it. 
It turned out that we would have a lot more to forget, a lot more to rebuild. But then some things you can never rebuild, some things just leave a hole. It always stays with you, a void in your heart; you move on, you live life, but always there it is nagging at your mind, your heart. A hole through which your soul seeps until one day you wake up to find it’s all gone and you find it’s you hanging from the light fixture in a nameless hotel room. 
That evening I took Jess out again, she didn’t want to go, but I made her come down to her bar. I wasn’t too subtle and I think she got the surprise party idea. As we walked, dark clouds rolled across the sky and in the distance thunder rolled. I played it quite well, saying I wanted to give her her present before everyone else; I was shy, but as I say I think she had already got it. Sitting at the bar I gave her the little figurine and told her it was for luck. For the future. For moving on and getting out, for finding her dreams. A tear filled her eye and slipped down her rosy skin. It dropped to the table and I thought I heard it hit, a little splash in an ocean of spilt beer. Purity in dirt.
We caught a taxi home and I felt good, at peace as I watched the city go by. The sky was dark with ominousity and the thunder roared louder seconds before large raindrops fell, hitting the pavement. Purity in dirt.
Something bugged me, ate at me. Last night, me and Jess together. I still felt bad, I knew I didn’t have any true feelings for her; I didn’t want her to think…
“Jess, about last night,” I started without looking over at her.
“Shh, Richard, don’t be silly.”
Looking over at her, “But Jess I want you to know…”
She took my hand, “Last night was last night, and it’s OK. How does that song go? ‘Don’t Look Back in Anger’?” She left a light kiss on my dry lips and turned to the window. 

As we arrived lightening ripped the sky apart and thunder boomed its warning. The gods were angry and now we were to pay. 

We walked in and there were streamers and balloons everywhere. Colour shone from the house and joy filled the hole the lightening had left. From upstairs I heard Audrey say, “You have to go now, we’re closed,” but another peal drowned out the reply.
Then Charlie, Giselle and Françoise burst from the lounge.
“Surprise!! Happy Birthday!!” they cheered and Jess squealed. 
As they hugged I saw a man walking down the stairs with Audrey behind him. The last customer of the day. As Jess came back to the foot of the stairs to hug me she did not notice the man, but he stopped. I looked up at him over Jess’s shoulder and darkness fell on my heart. 
“Well, there she is,” the man, gruffly. “My birthday girl.” 
Jess tensed in my arms, squeezed hard and then went limp. 
Ever so slowly she turned in my arms. Ever. So. Slowly. She looked up at him. Ever so slowly. Her shoulders drooped, her body sagged. Ever. So. Slowly.
“Hello, Jessy,” he grinned and held out a hand.
“Daddy,” she breathed. And fell back into me. Ever so slowly.

Then time flashed, he started coming down the stairs, “You’re coming home with me, now.” 
Audrey grabbed him by the collar and he turned, grabbed her and shoved her through the banister. She fell onto Giselle and they both went down covered in splintered wood. Françoise and Charlie were both knocked against the wall. Charlie was up and moving to Jess, but he was quicker and was then in front of a sagging Jess. 
“Oh, I’ve missed you, girl.”
I tried to pull her back but she was a dead weight in my arms; he reached out and touched her face and then she screamed. Oh, she screamed. She screamed as he ran his hand down and over her breast. 
I turned pulling Jess with me. He hit me in the small of the back like a sledgehammer and we both went into the door. I left Jess to slump there and turned to take a fist on the jaw, but I hardly noticed, I lamped him across the jaw and he hardly moved. I ducked another punch and rammed a fist into his stomach. Charlie ran past us to Jess. Daddy stood up and sent me onto the floor with a punch to the head; he leaned over me with a bloody grin, which turned to shock as Billy clubbed him with a brutal fist on the back of the head. He straightened and as he did I lashed up with my foot. His groined exploded under my foot and as he went to his knees Billy smashed a brutal elbow into the back of his neck. Daddy went down. Down and out. Ever. So. Slowly. 
I looked up at Billy, his face granite; behind him Madame stood with Françoise. Behind them Giselle and Audrey stood holding each other. 
I turned slowly getting onto my knees, there was Jess curled as a foetus against the door, her face buried in her arms. Charlie crouched with her arms around her, whispering. Sobs racked that fragile all-American body.
I passed out.   

BOOK THREE - STEELY KNIVES


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I slept all through the next day, took the days after that easy, staying in my room most of the time. I didn’t see Jess all that week. Different girls came and brought me meals and told me what little news there was of the outside world. No one seemed particularly interested in the outside, who would want to be? It contained badness and hurt. I asked after Jess, she was doing good they told me again and again; she too was room bound. I never found out what happened to her father, the closest I got was Charlie telling me that Billy had sorted it out. I’ll never know, but I think that Jess’ Dad never saw the light of day again, never breathed in the stale air of his own foul atmosphere. Billy sorted him out.
By the end of the week I was going mad staying in my room, though I did not feel like going and joining the others yet. I felt so awful for Jess; that I could let that happen to her.
“It’s not your fault, Rich,” Charlie said, she had caught me at the bottom of the stairs as I sneaked out.
“I know, but I feel responsible, I, I can’t explain I guess,” I sighed. “I just need to get out, some fresh air. I’ll see you later.”
She smiled at me, and then hugged me to be sure. Then I left.

Later in the park I sat at a chess table having lost badly. I couldn’t focus and old Larry had left triumphantly. It was the first, and only time, he beat me. I sat there alone and stared across the park at Alice who sat on a bench staring back. I could see something in her eyes, but was it sadness or disappointment? We sat there, but she wouldn’t come over; eventually I got up to go over, but then a woman I could not see called her name and she skipped off. It began to rain.
I walked through the rushing, thinning crowds as the rain fell fat and hard. I barely noticed it. The attack lay heavy on my shoulders. It seemed that however far you run, however much you hide, the past will always catch you. So when would it catch me? When would it catch all the others I had come to love here? Why had I let myself be embroiled in life here? I had come here to escape, to be free from things, but I had just entangled myself again and now pain was creeping back in. The world we had been enjoying was turning sour; just how sour it would get worried me. Perhaps now was the time to move on. Perhaps I could just run again, but that was stupid, I knew now that there was no running, and even if I could I had things here to finish. My book to start with, I couldn’t run from my publisher, from my livelihood. I had always dreamed of this, I couldn’t throw it away. And then there was Jess, I had to see her, and Charlie, and Layla. No, I was stuck here until I could tie up my loose ends. All I could do was hope that I could tie them before anything else caught up with us. It was getting late, I decided to go to the hotel and lose my mind for a while.   

I sat in a small café style bar and picked at a basket of chips, French fries, while a trio played ‘El Carretero’. The cafe was nigh deserted and the waitress came and sat down opposite me. I tried to give her an I-don’t-want-to-talk-to-people look, but she was too bored and too used to that look to care.
“I saw you in Eve’s Place,” she stated.
“We’re in Eve’s Place,” I stated back.
“Yes, but Eve’s private place. Are you going there tonight?”
“Yeah, I guess so,” emotionless.
“Well, when I get off work I might come up. Fancy a dance?” 
Well the fact that she was chatting me up despite my gruff look broke something in me and I smiled. “Yeah, cool. Come find me.”
“Cool.” She got up and cleared another table. I went to Eve’s.
When I arrived into the main hall it was not as full as before and there was a hushed tone to the place. I got a drink and looked over the balcony, tonight the dance floor was a ballroom and couples danced in suits and ball gowns. I looked around and most people were dressed smart, how did they know? I looked down at my own clothes to find I was at least wearing a smart-ish shirt.  Well, I didn’t feel like ballroom dancing, it would be better to go back down to the halls, yeah it would have been better, but I couldn’t; not now I was here. How could I go back to the normal when I had this? 
“You’ve not got it yet, then?”
I looked at her. “Hello, Eve. A bit different in here tonight.” She wore a short grey skirt with a white shirt.
“It surely is, Richard, how’s life?”
“Fine. How did everyone know to dress smart?” looking back down to the dancers.
“People just know, after a while you’ll know too. But for now you’ll need a suit if you’re going to dance with your lady tonight.” I could feel her smile.
I looked at her. “What lady?”
“The bargirl from downstairs.” Of course.
“How did you... ahh, she told you.”
“This is my place, Richard, she didn’t have to tell me,” she stepped away from the rail. “Well come on then.” 
She walked away and I followed her. We walked around the balcony to the back where the window wall was, I couldn’t quite make out what I could see through them; there was a set of large double doors in the middle with two burly men in suits standing guard. We walked through the guards seemingly made of stone, it was tempting to tickle one and see. 
I could never have been ready for what I saw the other side of the doors. We stood on a railed platform only the size of a single bed, directly ahead of us was a walkway across to a larger platform, but below us was a beautiful garden. It was mainly grass, but in the middle was a large fountain and around the edges were bushes, large colourful flowers and small trees; the garden was not empty, a number of young men, in various states of undress danced slowly around, drinking and laughing while soft music drifted through the air. I looked up and saw that there was no roof over the garden and the night sky glimmered and winked at me. We walked along the walkway and in the middle it became a circle with a hole in the middle through which the fountain plumed. We walked through the light spray and over to the other platform, which was even more amazing. Roofed this became a room with the back wall of the hotel. The room was a lush red colour and had a ginormous king bed against the far wall. Sitting on a few armchairs and sofas around the room were men and women drinking, listening to the music, none had much on, some were in their underwear, or swimwear, some seemed only to be in a towel, one man sat naked on a sofa. No one talked or sat close; there was a strange vibe in the air. A man walked up to Eve and gave her a drink; a young woman came up to me with a drink, a White Russian. 
“Welcome to my bedroom,” she said with a sweeping tone.
“It’s incredible,” I said and I meant it. 
She turned and walked to the railing over looking the garden and I joined her. 
“What do you think?” she asked and seemed genuinely interested to know, I could feel her gaze on my face as I watched a young man in the garden slowly fall into the fountain and lay there.
“I don’t know what to think, I’ve never seen anything like it,” I looked at her and she seemed satisfied. “Why the silence in your room though?”
“They’re waiting for me, let’s have some entertainment,” she turned. 
“Enjoy yourselves,” she said in a commanding voice to the room. I turned to watch and saw the men and women come together and start to kiss, some women sitting on the lap of a man, some lying on the floor, some spreading out on sofas. They begun to get more erotic, started taking off each others clothing, one woman began to give oral sex to a man, another man did the same to a woman against the wall. I should have been aroused, should have been completely turned on, a private porn show, but I couldn’t be, it was all so mechanical. They were doing this because Eve had said; they seemed to have no life in them, like erotic crash test dummies. 
“Now, Richard, might you not pleasure me?” A matter of fact.
I was taken back. “Excuse me? What do you mean?”
“I mean, Richard, why don’t you give me sexual pleasure?”
“Er, well, I...”
She took off her shirt. “Well, let’s start by taking off my bra,” she said. I stood there looking at her for a moment then stepped forward and reached around. While I struggled with the catch I could feel her breath on my ear, then she put her tongue in it and I flicked the catch and stepped back. She slipped her bra off and I could not help but look at her impressive breasts; she leant back against the rail and started to play with them.
“Slip my panties off, Richard.”
“I...”
“Do it. Leave my skirt on.”
Not for the first time in my life I found myself in a situation where I knew I was stuck; to leave now was to loose everything, maybe I could still get out of this, but hey, you’ve got to appreciate things for what they are right? Shit.
I stepped into her again and this time slipped my hands under her skirt and found her knickers. I pulled them down. So close now I lost myself, I found my hands go around to her buttocks and massage them.
“Good,” she breathed.
My hands moved up to her breasts as we started to kiss, her hands slithered down to my groin and undid my zip. As she took me in her hand I bent my mouth to her breasts, she groaned in pleasure, now running her hands in my hair.
“Go lower,” she said and I did as I was told, but after a minute or so she pushed me away. I fell back to the floor my man hood slapping, and as I got up she turned and looked out over the garden. She lifted her skirt up and stood legs apart. I moved forward and as I entered her I noticed that ‘What the World Needs Now is Love’ was playing in the background and revulsion swept through me long before orgasm. 

Later, I don’t know how much, I was back on the balcony of Eve’s exclusive area. I had a drink and stood looking down on the people dancing. My mind felt strangely numb and I played with my bow tie; Eve had got one of the girls there to dress me in a black tuxedo, the last thing she had said as I left: ‘I am pleased with you, Richard.’ It sat like a red-hot coal in my mind.
“There you are!” chirped my date for the evening.
I turned to her, “Hey! How long have you been looking for me?” I asked.
“I’ve just got here, that’s pretty good isn’t it?” she beamed.
“It’s not bad at all,” I said and a strange emotion swept over me, part love, part relief, here was just a normal girl to be with, to protect me, suddenly I understood Françoise’s need to be with me, ‘a good person’. Suddenly anyone could seem good. We walked down to the dance floor.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Appreciating things for what they are. It all seemed so easy that balmy summer evening when we talked it through. But then we were just talking about having to appreciate things that we didn’t like (like boy bands) because other people saw good in them; about our own problems that then seemed far away, we talked about how nothing could be bad if you appreciated it for what it was, even bad things could be good because they taught you, indeed we learn the most through trial, but could that all still stand now? Could I look at the recent events, like Françy? could I look Jess in the eye and say, “Well, hey, you’ve got to appreciate it for what it is.” Perhaps I should, perhaps she had learnt out of this experience, but what was her lesson? That she was never safe? To never trust men? That you can never run away? Indeed that last one was true, I had come here running away, I thought that getting published, achieving my dream, meant that my own demons were dead, but now here I was again and as I looked around I could see that I had escaped nothing, if anything I had brought my demons to these people.


Sunlight streamed into the kitchen window as I sat at the table drinking coffee. It was early; no one would be up for breakfast for another half hour at least. I had spent last night with Layla, we had gone and seen a play and then to dinner. It had been good, nice, pleasant and all the other words that mean fun and normal. We had then gone on to the hotel, I had hoped against it all night, in fact had done my best to keep it fun and normal. Later in the night though, too many drinks destroyed my will power and when she suggested it again I said yes. Part of me wanted to go there of course, it always did, I wanted to stay there in that hotel, stay and hide and dance and not worry, but there was something else, a knowledge that it was not good, that actually this night was good because it was clean of the hotel. 
When we got to the hotel all this had been forgotten and I was excited in realising that Layla had not seen the extent of Eve’s place, and I hurried her up the stairs and through the rooms barely noticing the activity in each one. I stopped at the last room as there was a woman banging on the door to the final room, twisting the handle
“Let me in, let me in,” she shouted and then whined: “please.”
One of the bar men came and took her by the arm, she turned to jelly in his grip and was lead quietly past us to the door by which we entered. The barman opened it and pushed her through the door closing with a final, quiet click. He then smiled at me with what seemed like a knowing grin and walked to the bar. 
I lead Layla to the final double doors and as I grabbed the handle ‘Slow Train Coming’ started up once again in my mind. I paused to listen, to wonder and then to turn the handle. 
“This is it, honey,” I said with a smile then I put my hands in her hair and kissed her. Pulling back I smiled and with one hand opened the door, a brilliant aura spun through the door, lit our faces, and we entered.       

I had got back at about two in the morning and gone straight to bed and as sometimes happens after a late night out I woke early feeling ready to get up. Now after a shower I was feeling less ready and had a strong cup of coffee already inside me. I had my back to the door and heard it creak slowly open; I turned to see Jess poke her head around the door. Her eyes darted from me, around the kitchen and then back to me before she entered slowly.
“Hello,” quietly
“Coffee?” I asked; it looked as if she had been out all night.
“That would be great,” she whispered and came and took the seat opposite mine as I got up and poured some more strong coffee.
Over her shoulder I put a steaming cup in front of her, asked, “So where have you been all night?” and walked around the table to my chair. Before I got there she said,
“I saw you last night!” I looked at her and she beamed at me.
“Where?”
“Ahh! That would be telling!” she giggled
“Well, yes it would,” I replied and sat down.
“At Eve’s Place, you were with a woman. Who was she?”
“You were at Eve’s Place? Why? What actually in her private area?” I found myself a little angry that she had gone there, my place, without me.
“I was, where we went with Daniel, where we fu...”
“Jess!” I interrupted. “What were you doing there?”
“Why are you so mad? I just went to have some fun, to escape, like you do,” she got up and walked to the door.
“Jess,” calmer
“What?” anger
“I’m sorry,” looking into my coffee.
“What for?” still angry.
“For everything.”
“So am I,” no anger, just sadness, which she left as she went out the door. It settled on me and I finished my coffee and went out the front door as Madame Connolly came down the stairs. 

Who knows where I walked that day, I remember stopping often to drink and to eat, but I can’t remember where or why. I knew I wanted to go to the hotel, but a strange part of me knew I wouldn’t. Sometimes life takes you to a point where even running away is too much and you end up in a limbo where you are running, but without knowing it. You start to just float through life and in a strange way everything is alright; but it’s not. You’re still thinking through all the thoughts, changing the past in your head, but the part that cares has shut down. I found myself back at La Maison not knowing how I had found my way back. I didn’t want to go inside, didn’t want to face anyone. I looked at my watch; it blurred 5:25, dinnertime. I looked down the street thinking of going on, but I was too tired, too drunk to go, so I was resigned to the house. I stepped in the door as Françoise came down the stairs with a man. 
“Ah, Richard, just in time for dinner.” 
The man embarrassedly squeezed past me and out the door.
“Bye then!” I called in a chirpy voice. “I hope she was good!” he hurried off with his head down.
I turned back round to Françoise’s scorn. “I’m sorry.”
“Are you drunk, Ri-shard?” From scorn to concern.
“I dunno,” was all I could say.
“Then come and have some food, it will make it all OK.”
I had no choice but to follow her into the din of the dining room, everywhere was chatter and laughter as Giselle and Charlie served up hot sausage casserole. I sat down next to Billy who was on the end; opposite me was Heidi who grinned and poured me some red wine. I was happy for the comfort of the alcohol and it rose to my cheeks.
“A good day, Richard?” she asked.
“Well, I didn’t really do much to be honest,” truthfully coy.
“Sounds like a good day to me,” piped in Charlie.
Suddenly my mood lightened, how could it not with these girls? “Yeah, I guess you’re right, sure beats working.”
“How is your writing going, Richard?” Giselle, as she spooned glorious smelling casserole onto my plate.
“Slow,” I stated and started to outline a fictitious plot, you cant’ really say you’re writing a book based on their pain. We talked on that for a while, they seemed really interested and I realised I had not told them about my work before. We moved on from that to other things.

If there is one thing you can say about life it’s that it is strange. We talk about normal, whether that person is normal or that one is weird, but it’s all weird. There is no such thing as normal; if there was then a good number of people would live the same life. They don’t, so what is normal for one is weird for another. The key to a whole life is perhaps appreciating that, appreciating other people’s weirdness and that your normalness is someone else’s weird. That’s appreciating things for what they are. It goes deeper, when you start to appreciate things for what they are you start to realise that there is no one thing, no one way. Then you can let go, then you can start to just live, to appreciate what goes on around you, what’s inside you.
But it comes at a price, emotional detachment, once you know that things will be as they are then you don’t try and change them, you don’t console the hurt because there is no reason to be hurt, this life is not unfair it just is. To be unfair there has to be a ‘fair yardstick’ to compare it to. But there isn’t. You can look at someone’s life and say that it is a good life, mine is bad, but they are doing the same. There is no fair or unfair, there just is. You meet a wonderful woman or man and fall in love, but they don’t love you, it’s so unfair, why don’t they?  But they love someone else who doesn’t love them. The only thing you can do is let the game play itself to the end, to death, and then say whether it was good or bad. But even then was it really good or bad, or was it just life?


Layla was being un-communicative so I found myself at the hotel alone, at first I sat in a bar somewhere in the halls, a girl tried to get me to go and dance with her, ‘and you never know, if you’re a good enough dancer maybe we can do some other things too,’ but I wasn’t interested. Partly because of my mood, partly because she was a halls girl, I could get what I needed upstairs, amongst the girls chosen for being better dancers, sexier, smarter. Well maybe not smarter, I’m not sure intelligence really made much difference up in Eve’s place. I was kinda enjoying the idea that I could be up there, but was choosing to be down here, I liked pretending it didn’t matter to me. It wasn’t working too well and as I finished my drink I decided to go up to that other world. 
I walked through one of the dance halls, a huge school disco was dancing to Dan Hartman’s ‘Relight My Fire’ 

Another day. I sat in a bar in the hotel with Layla, she was quiet. I was quiet. Earlier we had met Jess and it seemed wrong, so wrong that she should be here. When I asked myself why she was here I knew it was to escape, the same reason I was here, but for me it was OK, I could just be, just float, but I didn’t want to see her like me, she should be happy, moving on, getting somewhere. But then how could I expect her to if I couldn’t?
“Well this is fun.” Layla
“If you don’t like it find somewhere else,” unexpected venom. “Sorry.”
“Fuck you.”
“Well, OK, but you don’t anymore do you?”
“You want to fuck? That’s what you want me for, fine lets go,” my venom back at me.
I stared at her.
“Let’s go up to the private area, Eve’s Place.” Her.
“Let’s go back to yours,” Me.
“Let’s go to Eve’s,” Her 
“OK,” Me.    

So we danced, we danced together, but more we danced apart. With others, as if to make each other jealous. All the time I was weary of Eve turning up, wanting to be mad at Layla, at Jess, at the way things were turning, but I couldn’t. I just sunk into the rhythm of the music, into the warmth of the body next to mine, to the sway of bodies and tap of feet. And in the heady mix when I had forgotten why I had come or where I was going, I was with Layla again and we were dancing, dancing up stairs and across the balcony and into a room and into each others arms and, much later, I danced into La Maison to see light creep out from under the kitchen door. And then I was sitting at the table across from Giselle.
“You’re up late,” I said after just sitting for a while.
“As are you,” she retorted.
“You’ve got me there.”
“Yes.”
“What’s wrong?”
She just looked at me, looked for so long. So so long.
“I’ll never get out of here,” all she said.
“Yes you will, of course you will,” I didn’t want to see her defeated. “Don’t think like that, you can do whatever you want, all you have to do is take it.” My mistake; though I could have stopped at any time. She stood silently and came round the table to me.
“OK,” then silence as she took my hand and lifted me from my chair, leading me up to my room.
Appreciate what you’ve got, take life by its horns, go for it, never look back and don’t think of the consequences. But there are consequences.

I was an animal, fury raged through me and into her and she needed it, wanted it, wanted more; I had it to give and gave and gave until there was no more emotion, no more energy, nothing but emptiness and in that emptiness we slept. 
I slept a broken sleep full of fighting with Jess’s father, of being in bed with her, of Charlie and Layla, their faces merging into one, into a screaming psiren. Needing, wanting, but spitting it back at me when I tried to give it, no satisfaction, no peace.
I woke to see Giselle opening the door, my voice only a croak that could not stop her. I shook out of bed and followed her straight into Charlie. I had no words.
“I see,” was all she said as she turned bitterly.
“Charlie,” I stretched.
“Fuck you, Richard,” her teared voice spat.
“Charlie,” not a voice, but a whimper. I sloped into my room and quickly threw on yesterdays sweat stained clothes and made the motions of going down stairs. She was standing by the kitchen, not entering, not leaving, her head down. I started to talk when the doorbell rang. I stood there, she didn’t move. The bell insisted and I flung the door open.
“What…?” I started angrily. “Alice…”
“It’s Jess. She needs you,” Alice turned and skipped away. I stood there, the morning breeze cooling my body till I wanted to shake, shake off the freshness, dive into a pool of my own dark, torrid sweat.
The phone rang and I grabbed it.
“Come to the hotel, room 1969,” the voice said and then the dial tone buzzed through my skull. I dropped the phone and turned to the motionless Charlie.
“I have to go. It’s Jess, she’s in trouble.” I turned back to the freshness and stepped into the all-knowing light of day. To my car, starting the engine, eyes a haze like my mind, Charlie getting into the passenger seat, me starting the car, no words exchanged, a long ride through the city, into the desert where the Sun beat on me with its unforgiveness. This is your fault, Richard, you have brought this to these people, to yourself, can you appreciate that for what it is? Emptiness on the horizon, emptiness inside; the desolation of those who need to escape.
“What is this place?” her first words as we get out.
“This is Eve’s Place,” my reply and her shudder. 
We walk in and all is quiet, I’d never entered to quiet, always to fun and forgetfulness, but not today. No forgetfulness today, just the stark reality of what it means to escape. Up the stairs, past the numbers, past the cold doors until 1967, 1968, 1969. And then stop, the air dense with foreboding. A warm hand on a cold door handle, a twist, a push, the door swings open and there she is: Jess. Cold, emotionless, finally escaped from her ghosts. A ghost herself. Cold, emotionless, motionless, dead. We run to her, cradle her, but it’s too late, it’s always too late. 
Always. 
Just. 
Too. 
Late. 
The final answer that should never have been her question.

 “Man, you should have come to the Hotel last night, it was totally groovy,” said one guy to the other.
“Oh, yeah, Jono, way far out, we danced all night,” chimed in one of the girls.
“Yeah, yeah, and the people are all so cool and laid back, you could just chill, or whatever you wanted. No idiots spoiling the atmos.,” added the other.
“Sounds cool, I’ll come next time, definitely,” retorted Jono. “Where is it anyway?”
“Easy, just follow the Ridge Road out into the desert and after about an hour you can’t miss it,” told the other lad.
“Who’d build a Hotel out there anyways?” Asked Jono.
“Dunno,” replied one of the girls, “maybe it’s for people with secrets.”
 
Dunno.
Dunno.
Dunno.
Dunno.
Dunno.
Dunno.
Dunno.

“Maybe it’s for people with secrets.”

 

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The drive home was long, hot, and silent. Jess’s cold body lying on the back seat wrapped in a blanket, I could feel it there, its dead energy sapping away my strength, pulling the tears out of me as if they could revive her. How did this happen? Why didn’t I see it? Why didn’t she tell us? Was she really this low, to do this? To solve everything once and for all? But a solution that never gives you any hope of change, no hope that now things are solved it can all be better? It won’t ever get any better for Jess, but it won’t be any worse either, it just won’t be anything. And if life is nothing at all then was there any point solving the questions? What’s the point if the solution is not the answer, just a quick fix that you can never undo? 
And of course, this was my fault, I took her to that Hotel, I took her to escape pain and escape she did, the only way that you ever really escape. When I was at the hotel the pressures never affected me, but they never left, always there to come back when you stop, when you sit and think, when there are no more blankets to hide under. But Jess had found her blanket, the one she was wrapped in now, cold in the desert heat. She the only one not sweating, not crying; but we were all numb.
And then there it was, the change, only then could you feel it, the tension that sat between us. The strain in our friendship, Charlotte and I. And then the twang as it snapped, and the realisation that all that could have been good was now gone, the loss of something that was worth holding onto. And you lost it because you didn’t take good enough care, because you thought of yourself more than others. The tears would not be held in check anymore, I could never sink any lower, I was finished.

The drive became a blur as we entered the city, the noise and bustle becoming a single insect that buzzed around my head. I swatted at it unconsciously, feeding it with my own horn. I can’t remember arriving at the La Maison, but I remember walking through the door, remember laying Jess down on a sofa, of falling back to the floor; of silence and later wailing. I sat on the floor in the midst of crying women, seeing no more than their legs. One of the clearest memories was seeing Charlie’s legs and thinking how nice they were, how smooth the skin looked, I wanted to touch them, to hold them, to anchor myself to them. 

I found myself lying on my bed, light streaming through the open window. No idea how I got there, or why; then Jess, a shudder, my back arching, a sigh, close my eyes. To pictures of Jess. Eyes open, standing up, at the window, sunlight burning my flesh, searing my mind. 
Outside now, walking, how did I get out of the house? Where was I going? And where the hell was I? Stop. Look around. Calm. Centred. The people in the Grand Place streamed around me, their energy recharging me, bringing my mind into focus. But with that focus, with reality, what had happened came crushing in. I staggered to a bar and ordered a whiskey with a beer chaser. 
As I sipped the beer, the whiskey already heating my bones, I realised that this was the bar Charlie and I had stopped at when she first showed me around the city. A long time ago now, maybe not in minutes or seconds, but in events. Life isn’t measured in time, after all a second can feel like an hour, months like days, no, life is measured in events, in what has happened, that’s what regulates how time feels, time is an invention of man, life is not. I closed my eyes and saw the door to room 1969. Why, Jess, why had you done it? Your father, of course, he had found you, you couldn’t ever escape, not in this world. But, oh, Jess, you could have escaped, things could have been different, you didn’t have to face it alone, I was here, we were there. 
But maybe that doesn’t matter; maybe it’s not the knowledge that what you try to escape still comes after you, but that things will never change, that you will always be running from something. You only have to face life once, but you run forever. I remember when I was a few years younger hearing that a friends brother in law had committed suicide after being dumped by his girlfriend. I remember wondering how you could kill yourself over something so trivial. Yes, it hurts, sometimes for a long time, but you always heal, at least enough to live. But later in life I realised how it is possible, it’s not so much that she dumps you, it’s that you are dumped again, that just when you thought life was going right, just when you thought it was sorted and happy, it nosedives and you realise that it was an illusion, that despite moving you hadn’t got anywhere. 
But then there is always something to shatter the happiness, it’s just that some things we base our happiness on are fleeting and when they are gone we realise that we were never happy just being, and so we stop being. What can we say? That suicide is not appreciating life for what it is, or that struggling through life is not appreciating death for what it is?
I was walking again, another beer inside me, calming my mind, but not quenching the pain in my heart, the churning in my stomach. I stopped at a small café to use the toilet, a sign told me they were for customers only so I sat at a table and ordered a basket of chips and a coffee. The waitress was a bit confused until I called them fries and then she grinned and left. As I waited I stared out of the window until I felt someone sitting opposite me and looked up to realise I was in the café I had come to before Jess’s birthday and here was the writing waitress. She flashed me that smile and it pierced the clouds around my heart.
“How’s the writing going?” she beamed
“Oh, man, I haven’t really done much since last I saw you.”
“No? How come? You don’t look well, are you OK?” spilling out.
“Yeah,” I ran a hand over my face hoping to wipe on a better face. “Writing can be slow sometimes is all. How’s your writing?”
She beamed again, “I’ve got some here for you to read if you want?” 
That surprised me; I had taken the whole thing as just one of those passing conversations.
“Well, yeah, ‘course I’ll have a read.” 
She sprang up and went out back as my coffee and chips arrived. I poured on some ketchup and tried a chip; they were struggling to keep warm. I would have preferred a cold drink and hot food, not the other way around. 
The waitress came back with a sheaf of papers in a binder, their plastic cover had smudges of food and sauce on, she’d been keeping it here sure of my return, I was suddenly glad chance had brought me here again.
“Here we are, you sure you don’t mind?”
“I wouldn’t have said it if I did,” I lied back, it’s nice to have someone think there is a nice person in the world, even if you’re not it. For writing for fun, she had written quite a lot, I flicked through it.
“It’s not finished,” nervous, “and I guess it needs revision, it’s just a first draft.”
“It’s cool, I’ll try and give you an honest, but nice, opinion,” I smiled; it felt strange, as if my cheeks had forgotten how to stretch like that.
She smiled back, “Thanks. Say my name’s Mandy. I better get back to work,” she got up and walked a few paces, stopped, turned, “thanks, really.”
I just grinned at her, I couldn’t help it and she smiled that killer smile back again, it hit my eyes and travelled to my toes through my groin. I left the chips and coffee to warm up/cool down and left with a tingle of sunshine in my mind, Mandy a ray of goodness in what would be a bleak cloud.
I bought a green pen and sat in another bar to read her writing, at first I struggled to force the other thoughts out of my mind, but the beer helped push things aside and as I got into her writing I was glad for the distraction. Eventually the beers got the better of my concentration and I put the manuscript down and sat back. Her writing was actually pretty good and I enjoyed making notes, perhaps too much, some pages were covered in scrawled green, how many of the notes would make sober sense I didn’t know. My mind was worn down and hazy with booze, but still the recent events pushed through like a twisted daisy through tarmac. Suddenly tears sprang to my eyes and rolled insistently down my cheeks; I scooped up Mandy’s work, drained my beer as I stood and walked out into the dusk. 
Again I lost track of everything but the pain in my thoughts, in what had happened, I felt I had brought this to these girls, before me surely everything was fine as shown by the liveliness of La Maison when I first arrived. Since then the clouds had gathered over us and the storm was battering down, perhaps all we could do was hide under our own blankets, protected by the walls of La Maison, but then I guess Jess thought that and yet he still found his way in, even into our safe place, no where was safe for her anymore, but then maybe the only safe thing is our belief in our own safety.
I found myself walking down the street with the curio shops and walked into the one I had come to first, the one where I bought Jess her figurine. I stood and looked at what now just seemed junk. A large painting was on one wall, I thought it must be new; it depicted people on the Grand Place in what seemed to be the 19th century. 
“That’s a special one,” said the shopkeeper, wearing another bright waistcoat.
“Yeah, how come?” not really caring.
“’S the only painting ever done of this city. Far as I know.”
“And how far do you know?” looking again at the picture, the Place was bustling and I could see a market on one of the streets leading off, like the market Charlie had taken me through. I felt him smile and turned.
“Pretty far, my friend, pretty far.”
I gave a short laugh, “Doesn’t seem like anybody in this city knows anything but.”
“Maybe so, but who needs what this city can’t offer?” he wiped a smudge off the glass counter and looked at his reflection.
“I don’t think this city can offer me anything that’s worth it,” my anger bubbled up in my tear ducts. 
He looked me in the eye, a steely gaze, “Maybe not, but maybe it can offer you what you need?”
“Oh, and what’s that, do enlighten me.”
“Redemption.”
“Believe me, this isn’t redemption,” firm.
“If it came easily, it wouldn’t redeem you would it?”
I walked out.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

I could only just see the silver expanse of the lake in the twilight; a few couples still strolled along the banks, no doubt they were already being replaced by junkies and others who wished for the quiet dark. I didn’t hear Alice come and sit down, I don’t know how long she sat there before I noticed her, I didn’t look, we just stared at the lake.
“I like the dark,” she said after awhile. 
“That’s unusual,” I said automated.
“Most people are scared of what they can’t see, but they forget you can also hide in the dark.”
“What if the thing you’re hiding from can see in the dark?”
“Well, then if it wants you it can get you anytime,” matter of factly.
It was a good point. “It’s a good point,” I said.
“You seem sadder than normal,” she replied.
“Do your parents know where you are?”
“Yes. Why are you sadder? Do you miss her?”
“Miss who?” a prickle went down my spine.
“The one who’s gone.”
“Yes. Yes I do,” I replied, giving up on understanding. 
“Does drinking help?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“It dulls the pain.”
“For how long?”
“For as long as I need.”
I stared at the lake, the moon had risen and it danced on the water, I thought of the hotel.
“How did you know about her?”
“Who?” she replied
“Jess. You came to the door; you knew her name, where we lived. How?”
“Someone has to look after you, Richard,” an almost adult voice. She got up and walked to the waters edge and a duck came out of the water and stood by her feet. “Gertrude!” she squealed. “Hello, little girl, are you OK?” She bent down and picked up the duck, then turned to me. “Do your parents know where you are?”
I stared at her barely visible face. “No.” 
She walked away along the shore until I couldn’t see her little yellow dress anymore, then I left in the opposite direction. 

It was late by the time I got home, the house was dark, but once again I could see light stream from under the closed kitchen door. I pushed the door wondering who it would be this time, last time it had been Giselle and I remembered what we had done, and while we had been together Jess had been dying, or dead, or maybe sitting waiting to die, wishing she was in someone’s arms, somewhere safe. As I walked in I expected to see Jess sitting there ready to ask me where I had been when she needed me; or Madam Connelly waiting to tell me to get out, that I had brought a curse on this place. 
I sat down across the table from Charlie, a half empty bottle of Vodka between us. She picked up a shot glass that stood next to the bottle and pushed it to me, then she filled both hers and mine. I took it as she raised hers.
“Salut,” she slurred.
“Chock dee.” We knocked them back and I sat and looked at her.
“Charlie…” I started, but didn’t know where to go.
“Why, Rich?” she sighed.
“I don’t know,” and I didn’t, but it wasn’t a good enough answer. “It happened.”
“Was it the first time?”
“Yes…”
“Who else have you been with?”
“Charlie…”
“Who!” she slammed her glass on the table, tears streaming down her face. We sat there in stained silence. “Why did she do it, Rich?” Quieter.
“I don’t know. I just…” I looked away from her. “I guess it was her father, I guess she felt she could never escape her past.” 
“Do you think that’s true?”
“Charlie, I hope I can escape mine, hope I can find forgiveness for all I have done.” 
“I guess if you can find it anywhere it’s in this city.” I looked back at her, recalling the shopkeeper’s words. “What was that place we went to? Why was she there? Why did you hide it from me?”
It was my turn to sigh.
I sat there and told her about the hotel and about the letter, I told her about everything, well, everything she needed to know.
“I thought she needed to get away, somewhere to escape to,” I finished.
“Well, she certainly escaped.”
“Well, fuck you, Charlie!” I exploded out of my chair, but it drained and I couldn’t move. Tears slipped down my cheeks, seeking to be out of me, away from what I had done.
“I’m sorry, Rich…” she started.
“Forget it.” I walked around the table and opened the door. “Y’know sometimes we make mistakes and we don’t even know we’re doing it, we think they’re the right thing to do. I guess they’re the hardest mistakes to live with.”
I left her with my thoughts.

In the morning I lay in bed having slept little. What little there was, was covered in dreams, bad dreams of dancing. I lay there knowing I would have to go out sometime and face the rest of them, tell them what had happened, face Maeve. She hadn’t seemed concerned when Jess and I were out all night; I guess she should have been. There was a knock on the door and before I could answer Billy walked in. He said nothing as he sat down on the edge of the bed and looked out the window. I pushed myself seated.
“You didn’t close your curtains,” he stated.
“No,” was all I could manage.
“No one blames you, you know,” continuing to stare out the window.
“They should.”
“For what?” he looked at me. “For her daddy turning up? For the past she’s had? For taking her to Eve’s Place?”
“You know about it?” couldn’t hide my surprise.
He chuckled. “Now who do you think I am? You think that you can be here a short while and know more than Billy? C’mon, son, Eve is known by those who know this city, hell, she’s part of this city.”
“None of the girls seems to know about it,” soaking in the information.
“Course not, I said those who know the city, these girls are just passing through. This city is a strange place, it’s here for a purpose, we’re all here for a purpose, few stay, they get what they need and move on.”
“All these people?”
“Most of ‘em. You think you’re the only story in this town? The only one who wonders what’s happening and why? Who questions what life’s about?”
“You haven’t moved on, nor has Maeve,” I ventured.
“Nope, not yet. Not yet.” He got up and walked to the door; as he opened it, I stopped him with a question.
“What about the little girl in the yellow dress?”
He closed the door and sat down again, it struck me that he had managed to sit back in exactly the same spot.
“Why did you come here, Richard? To this city, to this house?”
“I dunno,” I thought for a second. “Chance I guess.”
“Ayuh, chance. Nobody here by chance, son,” he was staring out the window again. “I never finished my story did I? About escaping the pirates.”
“No, no you didn’t,” where was this going?
“We docked here at the city for some down time, I had been at sea with them for a coupla years, it was a hard life, but it wasn’t bad, probably better than with the Navy. It was a ship only partly run by fear, Nelson kept his men well fed and gave them plenty of time to relax, ‘n some ways he was a nice guy, but you had to keep the fear of him somewhere in mind, to lose that was to lose your life. 
“Now I didn’t agree with what we were doing, but I was a victim of circumstance and what was I to do, but get on with it? I guess I had to appreciate what I had. Nelson was pleased with me, pleased with my food, with my nature and we ended up having a number of talks in the galley. It was strange, he’d come down to see me with a bottle of rum and we’d sit and talk, about all kinds of things, I guess the rest of his crew were not the type of people to have deep conversation with. He was a highly intelligent man; too intelligent for normal society, I guess, a man disillusioned with the structure and system who had escaped from it all into crime and finally into piracy. 
“He loved the sea, loved the way it washed everything away, was always moving, never sitting still long enough to be disillusioned. You could never get angry with the waters, they didn’t care. So when it came to shore leave he and I went out together. First we had all stopped in a bar, but quickly Nelson got bored with his crews rowdy antics so he took me out for a walk.
“No surprise we ended up here. Nelson chose a girl and went upstairs, Maeve was here even then, she asked me who I wanted, but I declined and we sat in the kitchen together drinking port. There was something about her that made me not want to sleep with any of the girls, something in her eyes that compelled me to stay and talk to her instead. Before the end of the night Nelson had taken another two girls upstairs, months at sea left him with a wild appetite for women, whom he loved third behind rum and of course his mistress, the sea. Half way through the evening, Maeve left and made a phone call; even then she knew what was to be done, where we were all meant to be.
“Nelson came down and found us in the kitchen, he sat with us and drank and talked to Maeve, I had never seen anyone be able to engage with him in that way; she didn’t have the fear and yet she could keep her life. She probed and asked about his past, and strangely Nelson talked, talked for a long time. In fact it was morning when there was a knock on the door. Maeve went and let in a young man, strongly built, but with a, what would you call it? Bookish look, aye. 
“This is your new, cook, Jed,” Maeve stated.
“What? I have a perfectly good cook, thank you, Ma’am.”
“Well, now Billy is staying here to be my cook. Jon here is a great cook and he needs to escape, to get out of this society and be free. Just like you, Jed.” No fear, as if she was talking to a schoolboy.
“Well, Nelson stood up walked to the boy and felt his arm muscles, then outta nowhere punched him in the stomach. Well, the boy doubled over, but with much pain and little air he straightened up. Stood there like a pole. Nelson, he just nodded and then turned to me, still sitting at the table. 
“It’s been stimulating to have you on board, Billy. I thank you for all you’ve done.” And with that Pirate Captain Jed Nelson strolled out with the boy following him.
“They say life is a journey, Richard, but sometimes people find what they’re looking for and then they stay there, like me, but some people, they search for what they need and when they find it they realise that it wasn’t the thing they needed, but the journey to get it.” 
He got up and walked to the door, opened it and turned. “Now come get something to eat, the girls need you.”
He left me to his thoughts.

Everyone sat around the table for lunch, I could hear talking as I stood outside the dining room door and took a deep breath. As I walked in the worst thing happened, everyone went silent. I took a seat next to Audrey and Billy who sat on the end. I looked at each face in turn before I spoke.
“Hey, everyone,” was not the greatest opener.
“Hey, Rich.” Giselle.
“Richard.” Ri-shard, Françoise.
“Hey, man.” Charlie.
“How you doing?” whispered from Audrey as she squeezed my arm.
“What are we talking about?” I asked.
“What to do with our night off,” Heidi told me.
“Cool,” without enthusiasm.
“I think you all need to get out and let your hair down,” Madame told us. “Listen girls, and Richard, what has happened is a bad thing, something none of us wanted. Some of us, me included, may blame ourselves, well that’s something each one of us has to deal with, but what has happened has happened and we can’t change that. Jess did what she needed to do, but I don’t think she wanted it to kill us too.” 
Everyone sat in silence, her words a bit too blunt. I looked at the empty chair.
“Excuse me, girls,” Maeve got up and left us in our silence.
“I know a place we should go,” I said and then stood and left.

I found Madame Connolly in the lounge, she was weeping into a large white handkerchief. I sat down across from her.
“Go away, Richard.”
“Yeah,” but I just sat there. After a while she spoke again.
“This is a good place, Richard, a good city, so much can happen here, but underneath it has a black heart. We’re all so finely balanced, but sometimes I can’t hold it and the balance slips. I couldn’t hold Jess. How did he find her here? I am so careful.”
“It’s not your fault.”
“Of course not, you think it’s yours. Do you think either of us can shoulder the whole blame?”
“I don’t know,” and I didn’t.
“We did the things we did, trying to help her, Richard, it can’t be our fault. Perhaps we could have done things better, but we didn’t and we can’t change that.”
“That’s easy to say,” I hurt.
“Harder to appreciate things for what they are though?”
“Yes.” 
“But they are this way.”
“Then why are you crying?” I was angry.
“Because it still shouldn’t have happened. No, if that is the way it should be then it should, but I didn’t want it to happen. Life doesn’t always deal the hand you want it to, Richard, but that’s the hand you have anyway,” she began to cry again, but her tears could not wash away my anger.
“So that’s it? We just move on and deal with it!?” 
“What else can we do,” she glared at me. Then her eyes softened. “Billy tells me you’ve been talking to the little girl.”
“Alice, yes. You know her?”
“If that’s true then this is the way it should be. Richard, when a moth breaks out of its cocoon it needs to struggle, it needs to fight in order to strengthen its wings. Without the hardship there can be no change,” her eyes took a sterner look. “Now go and eat your lunch and leave me in peace.”
I got up and went back to the dining room.   

Back in my seat I pushed my food around, aware of the silence. I looked up forcefully, “What?”
“We need to bury Jess, Rich.”
My heart crumbled.

It was decided to bury her in the garden, as I stood looking at the hole Billy and I had dug I wondered if Jess’s dad was lying somewhere underneath this lawn, or maybe somewhere out in the desert. Would Billy have buried him or left him to the carrion birds, burial was too good for that man; I knew what I would have done.
Billy wiped sweat off his brow; it was a warm sunny day, a wonderful change on a dark day, we looked up at each other, knowing we would have to go and get Jess’ body which had been lying in the cellar where it was cool. I didn’t want to be here, I wanted to go to the hotel, to leave these girls to their pain and nurture my own. I wanted to run away, forget this, forget these whores and their problems. I sighed these thoughts away. I didn’t want to be here, Madame had asked me to conduct the short service, I had declined, argued, but she would not budge. 

“You are the catalyst, Richard, this needs to be you.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“You think life has changed since you got here and you’re right, but not the way that you think, everything moves from here. You need to speak to the girls, your time has come.”

We all stood around the grave, I at the head. No one looked at each other and the sound of birds mingled with muffled sobs. Then Maeve looked at me and nodded. I still stood there looking at each person in turn, I just couldn’t start; but then suddenly words rose like bile in my throat.
“I guess I haven’t known Jess that long, but as I think back I guess I spent quite a lot of time with her. Still I didn’t see this coming, maybe I should have, maybe one of us should, but she never showed anything, like all you girls, so used to running, so used to hiding your feelings. Don’t let anyone in, they’re hurt you, and I guess I have shown that. What have I brought to you girls, but falling? But then maybe you need me, need something to run from here, maybe it’s time for you to all run from this place and then stop, stop running. It may never get any better than this,
(Thick clouds started to roll across the sky)
but maybe it will, how are you ever going to know? Sometimes you have to risk what you’ve got on a maybe. Jess has made her choice and I so wish that she hadn’t, that she had hid in my arms, or yours, but you don’t need to escape the way that she has, you can go, do the things you really want. I know you all have dreams; that no one stays here, now maybe it’s time to go, to leave Jess in her peace and find your own.
(The clouds blotted out the sun)
“We’ll all miss Jess, she was a light in this dark world, and we therefore commit her body to the ground; earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust;” 
“In sure and certain hope of the Resurrection,” Billy finished. He then picked up a big handful of dirt and threw it onto her body still wrapped up in my blanket, after him each girl walked over to the pile of dirt and threw some in. A cold wind blew through the garden and the girls followed Billy silently inside. A cold wind blowing in each of their hearts.
Maeve was the last one to go, she looked at the earth in her hand, “I’m sorry it had to be you, Jess,” she whispered and let the dirt fall between her fingers into the hole. As she walked in doors I picked up a shovel and stood holding it, looking down at the Jess shaped shroud. I then dug the shovel into the earth mound and as I threw in the first lot, snow began to fall.

Before long Billy had come out to help me and by the time we had finished the snow was lying thick on the ground, our hands numb, ice in our tear ducts. 
Now I sat in my room drinking a beer, already my third. It had been decided for our night out we would go out as a kind of wake, Maeve had decided that we needed to celebrate Jess in life and that any other outing would turn into one anyway. I had decided we would go to Jess’ bar. I had to get ready, but I didn’t want to go out, I wanted to drive to the hotel and forget this, but then that wouldn’t help. How could I go to the hotel and not think of Jess? I finished my can and washed my face in the little sink and then started to get changed.
We walked to the bar in silence, our footsteps giving our direction away in the snow. Finally sitting down around a table, squeezed in with extra chairs we sat with a range of drinks in front of each of us and also a tequila each.
Heidi picked up her Tequila and raised it, “To those who live and party in the Blue Light,” she said slowly and then whacked back the liquor.
“To those who live and party in the Blue Light,” we agreed before slamming our own drinks. Then we sat there. In silence, ‘Light Up the World’ played on the juke.
Eventually, “It was a good service, Rich,” Charlie.
“Yeah, thanks, Rich,” Giselle.
“I dunno; I’ve never done something like that before, I felt like a priest.”
“I don’t think they’re ever let you be a priest, Richard,” Françoise.
“Oh no, Why not? I’m a good boy!” I exclaimed. Audrey laughed, a strange sound considering none of us had for a while. I acted shocked, “What are you suggesting? I could be a priest!”
Heidi grinned at me. “No more booze.”
Charlie, “Or women.”
Giselle, “I don’t think the church would like you living with us!”
“Ah well that I could handle, but I dunno about giving up the booze,” I got hit for that, it was amazing how the mood had lightened, how resilient we are; yes we would all lay in bed tonight and think about Jess and ourselves, but here and now we were having fun just like Jess would have wanted. We talked about all sorts of things conscious to avoid talk that would lead our thoughts back to Jess, but we did talk about the future, about hopes and dreams. It was the first sign that what I had said at the funeral had been taken in, that these girls didn’t want to stay at La Maison until their pasts caught up with them and they ended up buried in the garden.
We danced together, we drank more, we danced more. I ended up sitting at a table with Charlie, most of the girls on the dance floor with men who couldn’t believe their luck, Heidi at the bar getting more drinks.
“Thank you for what you said today, Rich.”
“I’m not sure what I said, Charlie, I just blurted it out.”
“Well, it was good; I think we needed to hear it. We could all just stay here and never get anywhere, except maybe the same place as Jess,” she stopped there and looked at the table. Then back up at me, “Maybe this is the catalyst we need to go on and achieve our lives. Maybe you’re the catalyst.” 
I recalled Maeve saying exactly that and wondered, not for the first time, how all this would end. I was about to respond when Heidi appeared with drinks for us. She sat down next to me and laid her head on my shoulder. ‘Every Breath You Take’ came on and Heidi slowly raised her head and looked at me. 
“Dance with me?” she asked, I looked at Charlie who gave a slight nod and then I took Heidi to the dance floor and held her as she cried.
Later we were all dancing, Giselle worn out went to the bar and Audrey joined her. I found myself with Charlie when ‘House of the Rising Sun’ came on the juke and she put her arms around my neck, mine went to her waist and we danced slowly in the thinning crowd.
 “What are you thinking about?” she whispered.
“Nothing,” I was thinking of the hotel. “What are you thinking about?”
 “Everything.”
“That’s quite a lot.”
“And nothing, I guess,” she added.
“Ahhh.” 
She pulled back to look at me, not letting go.
“What are you really thinking?” she asked
 “I wonder where this is all going,” truthfully.
“Maybe it’s not going anywhere,” her reply.
“You don’t believe that.”
“Maybe we could run together, get away?” Truth through booze.
“I don’t think there’s any more running to be done.”
 “Then stay with me.”

We got back in the early hours of the morning and sat around the dining table drinking coffee. I thought about the hotel, how I could still get there and spend some hours away. Eventually the girls turned in one by one, Charlie last.
“I meant what I said, Rich,” she leaned down to tell me.
“Yeah, I know. So did I, Charlie, no more running. I’ve got to see this through now,” I thought for a second. “I owe it to Jess.”
She left me with a kiss on the cheek.

The next day I awoke feeling good until standing in the shower each drop of water seemed to bring a little bit of darkness. I went down to breakfast and though there was still a dampness, spirits were higher than they had been. There were jokes about the night before, mainly jibes at me and my dancing. Allegedly I was trying, unsuccessfully, to hit on the barmaid, which I didn’t remember and so strenuously denied. If you can’t remember it, it never happened, right?
After breakfast I tried to write in the lounge, but didn’t really get anything done, the next time I sat at my computer I would erase all that I did write. Instead I went through the rest of Mandy’s writing, it was still pretty good and strangely I was able to focus on it and escape. When I finished I felt quite good, I wondered why and decided it was because she was outside of everything. I didn’t know her, wasn’t part of her life, and so she was untainted, pure. With her I didn’t have to worry about anything because I didn’t know her, we didn’t share anything and so couldn’t hurt each other. I thought it would be good to get to know her, hang out with someone unconnected, but then realised the sad irony that as soon as I did we would be connected and then the cycle would start again. 
Now wasn’t the time to start new things, it was to finish what was already there and then get the hell out of here. I thought about Charlie’s offer, it was tempting, maybe if we left together we could start a new life and all of this would be like a bad dream. But more likely it would be like our dark secret, the thing that bound us instead of love. I decided to go and give Mandy her writing back.
I trudged through the snow; it had come down again early this morning and was fresh and crisp. Despite the snow there were still many people around and I considered following one set of footprints to see where they went. I walked through the Grand Place where children were building snowmen and having snowball fights; there were few adults around as if they were leaving the Place for the kids to enjoy themselves in. 
When I got to the café I sat down and ordered a coffee and asked if Mandy was working. She wasn’t and my heart dropped, I hadn’t realised I was hoping to see her so much. 
As I drank my coffee, my lifted spirits hanging once again over the abyss and wondered about Madame’s words about being a catalyst. I certainly had got myself low thinking that everything had gone down hill since my arrival, but was Maeve suggesting that I was right, that things had changed since my arrival, that all this really was my fault? If that was true then Jess’ death really was my fault. I decided these were thoughts to be had with a beer and so left for a bar. As I paid and left I kept hoping that Mandy would walk in, but she didn’t so I left leaving her writing with a waitress.

In the first bar I found I got nicely toasted before I even started to think again. So it was all my fault, but, no, how could it be, how could I have brought Jess’ dad here? How could I have let in the man who beat up Françy? I didn’t start the fight in the bar. But yet it still felt that if I hadn’t been there then it wouldn’t have happened. And Maeve hadn’t seemed angry when she said I was the catalyst, it wasn’t blame in her voice, but what was it? Not happiness that I was there, but as if that was the way it should be. But be what? What was I the catalyst for? So far nothing good had happened, but then what was good and bad? Shouldn’t I appreciate it all for what it was? That’s the way I had been living, but now it didn’t seem to be working. I wanted to go to the hotel, to escape my thoughts. Instead I walked to the park. More children played in the snow and I looked out for Alice, but to no avail. I finally found myself at Audrey’s bench where I had first seen her and next to it was a small snowman, well snowgirl, which someone had dressed with an old yellow dress. I smiled and went home. 

CHAPTER TWENTY


A couple of days went by in a blur of trying to write, walking and drinking. All through I thought about going to the hotel, but somehow I couldn’t bring myself to go. Until I got home one evening and walked into the kitchen to get a coffee, help sober myself up. Charlie and Madame sat at the table talking, Charlie with her back to me. Maeve looked up at me and Charlie stopped talking, but didn’t turn around.
“Would you give us some time alone please, Richard,” Madame asked. I stood there for a moment looking at the back of Charlie’s head then turned silently around and walked out. Out of the kitchen, out of the house and into my car.
In an hour I was outside the Eden Hotel, I sat in my car and looked up at the building that seemed somehow forbidding. I thought about turning around, I thought about trying to find Mandy, but with that thought, that thought of bringing her into my world, I got out of the car and walked into the foyer. 
It was surprisingly busy, lots of people milling about, so much so I couldn’t hear any music. I pushed through the people to the nearest door and walked into a bar. Everything was normal, the people were chatting and laughing just as they always did, but it also felt different. I drank a quick drink and then decided to go up to Eve’s Place. As I walked up the stairs I felt that all those in the foyer were watching me go up, but I daren’t turn around to see in case someone said something, maybe asked to come with me. I went through the rooms without stopping, without really noticing how quiet they were. When I got to the last door I stopped long enough to take a deep breath and then entered. 
Thankfully everything here seemed the same, it was still vibrant and loud, a girl skipped past me and blew a kiss as she went. Another girl, in a schoolgirl’s uniform walked up to me and gave me a drink, scotch on the rocks. I wandered down to the dance floor and stood watching until a girl reached out and grabbed me and then I was lost in the music, in the dancing. 
Later I found myself leading another girl into a bedroom where I ripped off her clothes in a frenzy. It wouldn’t be the last time I had sex with a random girl that night, I don’t really remember them except images of a red bra, a black thong, pretty eyes, large breasts, I dunno how many women I was with that night or what belonged to who. Somewhere in the middle of it all I was sitting at a bar when Eve sat down next to me. Automatically a drink placed in front of her and one for me.
“Well it’s been a while since you graced us with your presence.”
“Yeah, well I can take it or leave it,” I replied.
She gave a short laugh, “Of course, Richard, they all can. I see you’ve been making up for lost time tonight though.”
“Maybe so,” was all I gave.
“Life been hard, Richy?” her voice touched at mocking.
“What’s it matter to you?”
“Oh, it matters to me; you just haven’t worked it out yet have you?”
I looked at her, straight in those dark eyes. “What? What haven’t I worked out? Why don’t you fill me in, Eve?” my seething.
She laughed again. “Well if I told you it would be no fun, would it? Why don’t you ask your Madame Connolly?” her eyes danced with her last question.
“How do you know-“ she put her fingers to my lips.
“Too many questions, Richard, too many questions,” she got up and disappeared into the crowds. I downed my drink and went to find another woman.

Isn’t it strange how life is always changing and yet change is something most of us fear? We all like what we know and fear what we don’t, I guess that answers Alice’s question about the dark. Life was changing at La Maison and I was scared of it, scared where it would lead, that the girls wouldn’t end up happier. Or maybe I was scared that it would ruin what I had, no it was too late for that, the end had already come it was just waiting for the rest of us to catch up with it. I wasn’t believing that change for the girls could be good, just that it would get worse, for them, for me. I wanted it to be like it was at the beginning, but there was no way to reverse things and so I stayed depressed by the life I was in without being able to change anything.
In the end Giselle left first.

The next night I was at Eve’s Place again, hoping not to see anyone of the girls from last night, but not knowing who they were anyway. I guess that nights like the last one didn’t matter here; we were all using each other. I sat at a bar and drank while people wandered around the balcony behind me. Someone sat down next to me, “Hello, stranger.”
I looked over at Layla’s glowing face. “Hello, you.”
“Give me two White Russians,” she told the barman. “So where have you been?”
“Life’s been hectic, where have you been?”
“Around, but mainly here I guess.”
“Looking for me?”
“Well, yeah I thought you’d be here, you’ve had your phone turned off.” 
The way she said it, ‘well, yeah’ made me think that she had only been half looking for me, but then why shouldn’t she be able to just come here and kick back? I’d been plenty of times without her. Any anger or sadness at her casualness to me was washed away by thoughts of what I had done last night. The White Russians were put in front of us, and we drank and talked about some of the music they were playing, about the snow and childhood snow memories, all pretty vague. When we’d finished the drinks we went down to the dance floor and forgot the rest. Later I would take her to one of the rooms and we’d dance to a different rhythm, our sweat becoming one in a way we would never.

Another couple of days passed, really it could be any amount of days, they blurred with writing, walking, dancing at the hotel, sleeping in late. I saw Layla a number of times at the hotel, though we never went together, and we had lunch one day, though I think I was drunk by the time I met her, not enough for her to notice, but enough to not really remember it.
We all sat feeling stuffed after dinner when Giselle silenced us.
“I’ve got an announcement,” she started, but stopped to take a deep breath, “I’m leaving.”
We sat in stunned silence.
“Why?” asked Audrey
“Where?” asked Madame Connelly more forcefully.
“I sent some photos to a modelling agency in New York and they want me to join.”
We all looked at her, how could someone leave?
“It’s a good thing, right?” she asked timidly.
A pause then, “yes, yes it is,” me. Surprisingly.
“Yeah, if that’s what you want,” Charlie backing me.
“It is. I think. I think it’s time to move on, and you know I know the modelling world is full of bitches, but growing up in poverty I saw those models in magazines and wanted to be one. For me it meant I’d made it, got out.”
“Then it is the best thing to do,” said Maeve and with her consent a weight seemed to lift.
“When are you going?” asked Audrey.
“Well I need to find somewhere to stay, but as soon as I can really. I’ve saved enough money here to rent somewhere or something. Now I’ve decided I think I’ll go as soon as I can.”
She did. Her and Maeve phoned around and found a flat, Maeve helped the girls save money, in fact she took ten percent out their earnings and put it in a high interest account for when they moved on. She got Giselle’s money, got the flat and within two days we all stood in the hallway saying goodbye.
The night before we went out for a meal, all of us including Maeve. It was a lot of fun but also sad. Though there was talking as if everyone would keep in touch we all secretly knew that once you moved on from the city you let go. How could you introduce each other to your new friends? ‘Oh yes, this is Charlie we used to be prostitutes together in a city with no name’? So once again the world we had here was changing for good and though this time the one leaving was leaving for something better I couldn’t help but be sad. 
What if it wasn’t better? Who would be there for her then? Not me, but then I had failed to be there even when I was. We were sitting at a round table on a plush half moon bench; Charlie had a camera and asked one of the waiters to take a photo of us all. So we all crammed together and put our arms round each other. 
Charlie who sat next to me said quietly, “To remember the last time.” I don’t know if she meant for me to hear or not.
On the way home I got a call from Layla, wanting me to pick her up and take her to the hotel, I agreed thinking I would find out where she lived, but she told me to pick her up from the train station. I was hurt again by her secrecy, her not wanting to get close to me, but when we got home I let them all go first and then closed the door behind them and went to the car. The next morning Charlie was cross that I had disappeared and wanted to know where I had gone. I told her I needed to think and brushed her off. Even later in the day I felt bad for it, she didn’t deserve it.
And so after many tears and goodbyes I was going back to the train station, this time to take Giselle. We didn’t say anything for a while. Then:
“Thank you, Rich.”
“That’s OK, I’m the only one with a car, after all and I wasn’t gonna make you walk,” I smiled over at her.
“I mean for everything.” I could feel her gaze on me as I watched the road.
“I’m not sure I’ve done anything for you to be thankful. Perhaps the opposite.”
“That’s stupid!” with feeling. “You’ve done so much, been there for us. If it wasn’t for you, for your words, I wouldn’t be leaving now, I’d be stuck there dreaming of something new but never going for it.” 
I looked at her and reached over putting her cheek in my palm.
“You’re going to be alright, kid, alright.” 
She smiled into my hand as I thought of Maeve’s words, ‘you are the catalyst, Richard’. 

I don’t know how long I stood on the platform after her train had left; we had hugged for a long time and she had cried. And so had I. I don’t know how long I stood on that empty platform, but when we got there it was sunny and when I left the snow was already beginning to settle on the rails. 
I remember being surprised that she had left, that you could actually just leave this city whenever you wanted, even just for a day. I realised I hadn’t left it since I arrived and though I could just get on the next train and go I couldn’t. What Eve had said came back to me again, about asking Maeve about it. About what? About working it out. I decided to ask her if she knew Eve and if she knew the answers, no I would demand the answers, everyone seemed to know them but me.
I went for a beer.

I got back in time for the start of dinner; it was subdued, but not sad. Instead there was a bubbling excitement; Giselle’s leaving had sparked the realisation that they could all do the same, like me they suddenly realised that it was possible to leave.
Just. 
Like. 
That.
And so the girls talked, wondering if Giselle had got to New York yet, what her flat would be like, what the city would be like, whether it was more exciting than here. Audrey thought it would be, Françoise wasn’t so sure. We all imagined it was some grand flat with a fancy lifestyle to go with it, I doubt that it was, but then she had the money and job to live the high life. 
Still imaginations were going wild about the life she might live and I think that fuelled the thoughts of the others. By the end of dinner everyone was joking and laughing at the others dreams.
“What?” I said mock hurt. “I think I could be an actor!”
“Oh but, Richard, you have to be handsome and talented!” cried Françoise.
“Oh, I am hurt, young lady! I won’t be taking you to any premieres!”

Once again I had gone straight up to Eve’s Place, not bothering even to look in the halls; again the foyer was full of people. I sat at a table on the edge of the dance floor drinking some elaborate cocktail. Being back here reminded me that I hadn’t yet asked Madame about what Eve had said.

I sat at a chess board having wiped the snow off it and set up the cold pieces. I don’t know why, there was no one around to play. That is until Alice walked up bundled in a thick red coat and woolly hat. I could just see her yellow dress poking out the bottom.
“Cold for chess,” she stated.
“Some of us are dedicated to the game.”
“Some of are not that silly,” she sounded like my mother.
“You don’t want to play then?” I asked.
“You look tired, why?”
“Not enough sleep.”
“Why?”
“Has anyone ever told you, you ask too many questions?”
“No, I don’t think there are ever too many questions. See ya!” 
She bounded off and I looked back down at the chess board to find all the pieces had been knocked over.

I danced in Eve’s place with some blonde, she wasn’t a great dancer and I longed for the song to end, she trod on my toes again, I let go of her and walked off through the dancers until I came to the edge and the stairs up onto the balcony and grabbed another drink. The problem with dancing was that it was hard to keep drunk. I wandered around the balcony looking down, it was crowded again and I passed a number of couples kissing and a little bit more against the railings and at tables, no one seemed to care. 
I found myself at the glass walls at the end of the room; I looked through and found they were slightly misted. I could make out that things were going on through there, but not quite what; it gave it all an exciting mystery, even though I knew exactly what was there. I walked over to the doors and decided to push my luck; I brazenly walked up to them and one of the beefy guards pushed it silently open for me and I was through, through to Eve’s secret secret place.

Who am I to talk about fair? Walking into Eve’s secret garden, a place to escape, a place to escape to; Jess never found this place to escape to, never had the chance to escape her demons, but who was I kidding, this place was not going to erase it all. Life is bad for so many people, how long could I keep saying to appreciate things for what they are, how does that solve anything? It doesn’t, it just keeps you running. Keep on running and it’ll all be alright, that’s how I have lived and yet I see everyday how that doesn’t work.
To believe that as long as I’m alright then everything is good is not true, it doesn’t work. I had hoped to come here to escape, but I couldn’t help but effect those around me, couldn’t help but become involved in others lives, and in doing so I had changed things, had affected them and this was now life. How could I carry on as if everything was OK? It wasn’t, how could I keep running when my running was killing those around me. How could I keep ignoring the questions when there were answers out there? Alice was right; there could never be too many questions. We think that if we ignore the questions then the answers won’t matter, but they do. The questions may be all that we have, but the answers are all that matter.

I walked across the walkway and into Eve’s bedroom. The sight before me was of orgy, men and women together, joined in so many ways and so many on Eve’s bed I couldn’t even see it. I stood there and looked on; Eve untangled herself and stood up naked. A man walked over with a robe and dressed her. She stood there.
“Well, Richard. You’ve finally made it. Decided to join us,” she said.
“No. No, I have questions.”
Angry, “You still don’t get it, Richard, no more questions. Questions are not needed here, we have all the answers.”
“No. No, you don’t. I want answers!”
“No! Answers are just different questions!” Softer now, “Come here.” I did and she wrapped me in her arms. I pushed her to the floor and then I was ripping open her robe.
And then I aggressively fucked her.
 I can’t remember any more of that night, I woke up in the morning in my own sweat soaked bed and I shivered. 

I walked down to a quiet breakfast, everyone eating simply: toast, cereal, and it seemed they had eaten their words. “What now?” I issued from the door. 
“Heidi has gone,” said Madame Connelly matter of factly.  
“Gone? Gone where?” 
“We don’t know, Richard,” Billy. “She left, didn’t even take her money, no note. Just gone.” 
I walked out again.

I sat on the edge of my bed staring out of the window and drinking a beer. Why had she gone? Where? I wanted to believe that she had been inspired by Giselle and had gone off to seek her own happiness, but I couldn’t help think that she had run away again, run from what was going on here, run before it was her turn to be Jess and that somewhere out there she was scared and alone, with no money and no friends. I drained the beer and bust-open another one, lighting up a cigarette as I did so. There was a light knock on the door which I ignored as I blew blue tinged smoke out the partly open window. The door opened anyway, some people don’t get a hint, and Charlie sat down on the bed next to me.
“What’s wrong?” she asked. I stared out the window some more.
“I dunno,” I said and it was true, I knew, but not in any sense that I could tell someone. It all just sloshed around my mind like the beer in my stomach.
“C’mon, Rich, it’s Heidi leaving.”
“I guess; I just don’t know what’s going on anymore. Why did she leave? Is she OK? Should we try to find her?” 
“Where would we start looking?”
“Yeah, I don’t know,” I sighed, pulled a hand down my face and took a swig of beer.
“We’re all upset, Rich, but she’ll be alright. How can we hang on here? None of us came to stay; we all knew that eventually we’d leave. One by one.”
“Of course you’re right, nobody stays here, this is a passing through place, a place to find yourself and move on.” 
I looked over at her and her eyes were wet. It was her turn to stare out of the window.
“Yeah, you’re right, but it doesn’t make it any harder to leave.” 
I took her hand and we sat there and watched the clouds hurry by, taking the world with them past the window. 
Eventually she let go and stood up, looking at me forlornly and said, “I have to go to work.”
“Indeed,” was my only answer as she turned and left the room with a kiss on my cheek. I sat there and thought of my choices, had I made the right ones? Do we ever? And how do we know if they were? Life is not linear like a computer game, always leading you in a certain direction; and if you choose the wrong way the game directs you back on course. Generally by a dead end or another life lost. I thought about Jess, maybe life was linear, but there was no ‘continue yes or no’ when you got it wrong. 
I slept.

That afternoon I went for a drive down to the docks, something I had not done before. They were still busy even late in the day and I drove up the river to the coast. I stood there on a dune looking down at the small stretch of sand, hardly a holiday destination, and out into the tumultuous sea. I could see in the distance huge thunderclouds rolling in; watched them discharge their lightening load on the rough swells. It was going to be one hell of a storm, but still I stood there in the gusts of cold air, hoping to smell the scent of the sea, the smell of freedom and escape, but the wind seemed to blow from the land taking the sea away from my nostrils. As I stood there watching the wall of grey that was rain I thought of Billy and his pirates, was Pirate Captain Jed Nelson out there even now stowing away cargo, battening down the hatches and cursing the storm even as it lashed against his red raw face? Maybe there was a novel in there.
It began to get dark as the storm got closer and I got into my car and smoked a cigarette, then I started the engine and drove, listening to Bob Marley on the stereo.
About two hours later I found myself at the hotel.

I stood looking over the dance floor, it was wild tonight, even by previous standards, tonight a Latin American theme, everyone dressed flamboyantly and salsa-ing and tango-ing around the floor. I looked down at my own clothes to find I was dressed in a bright shirt and slacks, very Cuban I thought and realised that it had happened to me, I had unconsciously dressed this morning for tonight’s theme.
“I love to tango,” Layla said as she appeared next to me.
“Hey!” my mood lifted straight away as I leant over and we kissed. “How’s it going, babe?”
“Yeah, it’s good, real good,” she beamed and I noticed she too was dressed in appropriate attire. “You wanna dance?”
“You know it,” I beamed back and down the stairs we went. 

Later on we sat at a table on the balcony and watched the dancers. I couldn’t keep my feet still despite being worn out. It was good. I felt good.
“Hey, I have something to tell you,” she said and I looked to her from the dancers.
“OK, what?”
“No, I can’t tell you here, it’s not the place. Anyway I need to show you as well,” she was excited.
“C’mon, Layla, what is it?”
“No,” she smiled. “Let’s meet for lunch tomorrow, no wait the day after, then I’ll tell you everything! It’s great, honey.”
“OK, I can wait, patience is my middle name, you know,” I grinned falsely.
She laughed, “No it’s not, you can’t wait for anything, want it all now or not at all!” She leant over and kissed me. “Listen I need to go, I’m out of town tomorrow got to get up early.” 
We both stood up and kissed again, and then she was gone. I dumped back down in my seat and drained my drink. A waitress in a little black cocktail dress brought me another straight away. I didn’t ask questions. 
She had something to say, but what? She was going out of town? Somehow that felt wrong, like a betrayal. I stayed here in this city to see through whatever was happening, I could leave easier than anyone, I could escape at anytime, but I didn’t and now Layla was. How many times had she left, what life did she have outside of this city, of me? Thoughts and questions buzzed around and around as I drank.
The waitress who had brought me the last drink walked past and picked up my empty glass. “Is there anything else I can do for you, sir?” she asked for seemingly no reason.
I stood and looked down her fine body, tightly wrapped, “Yes, yes, there is something,” and I took her by the hand and lead her to a bedroom and as I undressed her and as we kissed and fell into bed I could feel Eve smiling from her room.

I lay in my own bed in the early hours of the morning and thought about Eve and about Madame Connelly, I remembered that when I had first seen Eve I had thought of her as a sort of Anti Madame Connelly, and here I was hanging between the two of them. As I fell asleep I thought about being the balance, but sleep snatched away any revelation.

The next day we all sat at lunch and the mood was light. I had to be there because I was making it along with Billy. 
While in the kitchen I asked him if he thought Nelson was still roaming the seas. “Oh, ayuh, I reckon so.”
“But he’s got to pretty old now, huh?”
“Well, yeah, but I don’t know if people like him can ever settle down, leave their life.”
“How about you? Do you ever wish you were still out on the seas?”
He thought about this as he carved up a loaf, “Well, I used to, I used to be a true adventurer, could never imagine settling down anywhere, staying in one place for more than a year, but even people like us want to settle down eventually.”  
I wondered why he had used ‘us’, but didn’t ask as I mixed up the salad. Philosophy and lettuce.
Now at lunch we were laughing, I noticed that three chairs were missing and the table seemed smaller, no more empty places. If anyone else noticed they didn’t mention it.
We laughed about something the girls had watched on the television last night, some documentary called ‘The Sad Life of Clowns’ and we talked about the thick snow that had fallen while I lay thinking about balance. Maeve decided that there would be no work after lunch and that we should build a snowman; and so as Billy and I washed up we watched the girls playing in the snow in the back garden. As we were finishing Billy told me to get out there and have some fun.
“I’ll finish this first,” I said.
“No, I will, you need to go out and have some fun.” And so I did.
As I walked out I got hit by a snow ball and was quick to scoop down and fire one back at the nearest person, Audrey. Charlie hit me with another one followed by one from Françoise. I threw two back but missed my mark on both accounts, then Audrey was rubbing snow in my hair and I wrestled her to the ground laughing, only to be hit by a volley of snow balls from both Charlie and Françy. I fell down next to Audrey and we laughed as we tried to get snow down each others back.
“Truce! Truce!” called Charlie. “Let’s build a snowman!” 
“Sounds like a plan,” I replied and Audrey and I helped each other up. We spent the next hour or so sculpting our man, the girls bringing the tone down with a carrot. 
Eventually Madame Connelly called the girls in to work. It seemed a shame that we had to stop for work, but if there were no limits on playing then it wouldn’t be so good, the fact that we can’t play away every day make the times we have so much more special.
I went in and wrote, it was productive and in the evening we all sat in the lounge and watched a film and drank wine and I started to feel that perhaps the tide had now turned and life could be as it was. That was until lunchtime the very next day.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

I met Layla with some trepidation at a café on the Grand Place and we sat inside in a dark corner far from the door. Outside it was raining, turning the fallen snow into slush; a bitter wind blew through the city. I briefly wondered how the city could get so much snow and still sit on the edge of a desert.
“So what’s the news?” I asked over a sip of coffee.
She smiled. “Still no patience, Rich?” 
“No,” I was suddenly in no mood for games and it must have shown on my face as her smile fell and she launched straight in.
“I’m graduating and I’ve been asked to join an orchestra. It tours all around the country, it’s my dream come true,” And I felt bad knowing she hoped for this to be a happy moment, but I had spoiled it.
“Really? That’s great!” I tried to redeem myself.
“You don’t think so,” was all she said.
“I’m,” I let out a breath, “I’m going to miss you. I thought we had something here.”
“Oh, Rich, we do, I’ve loved the time we’ve been together, but I have to go for this.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you do.” Loved. Past tense. Already she was gone.
“I’m sorry, Rich.”
“Sorry? What for? This is your dream, it always has been,” not a bitter tone as I spoke the truth. This was a city for people who were moving on.
“I should go,” my hurt obviously shining through.
“No. No, let’s get a drink and celebrate.”
“I can’t Rich, I leave tonight.”
“Tonight?” anger bubbled. “So that’s it? Oh, Rich I’ve loved what we had, but now I’m going. Just like that!? I’m in your life and now I’m out? Thanks, Layla, thanks for fucking nothing!”
“No, thank you, Rich, thanks for understanding, for being happy for me,” she stood up with her tears.
“Layla, wait.”
“No fuck you, Richard, fuck you and your selfishness. Is that all I was to you? Just someone to keep you happy? Should I throw away my dreams just to keep you happy? Huh? Should I? Fuck you and fuck this city.”
She walked out before I even got out of my seat.
But I wasn’t done and I followed her, followed her to the home she would never let me into. As I walked I got angrier with her, she wanted to turn this against me, wanted me to feel guilty because she was leaving? No way.
I stood outside the door to her flat across the river, a part of the city I had never been in and it felt different, outside of the story. I guess all that time Layla had really been out of the story, just a bit part character who I had thought was central to it all. 
I knocked on the door.
She opened it and her face turned to surprise. 
Then fear.
Fear as I barged the door open.
“Richard, what are you doing here?”
“Why would you never let me come here?”
“Look, Rich-“
“Why!?” 
“I don’t know, I guess I never wanted for us to get too close.”
“Too close!? Too close!?” I screamed. “So all the rest of ‘us’ was not too close!?”
She stared at the floor watching her tears drop, “I’m sorry. I guess I messed it up.”
“Don’t fucking cry on me! You messed up? Like it was all a bit of a mistake?”
Her eyes thrashed up to mine, “Get out! Get out, you son of a bitch!!” she screamed at me. “Get out!” It broke me.
“Layla-“
“Get out!” screaming.
I walked past her, stopped to say something, but there were no words, and I left. First time at her place and the last. And the last I ever saw of her until a grainy photo in a newspaper.

I walked and walked, somewhere I stopped at a shop and bought a four pack of the King and drank as I walked. I must have looked like a real down and out, but at the time I didn’t care, what did dignity mean anymore? I found myself at the chess tables in the park, the rain hammering down turning the grass to mud. I stood under a tree, but it gave no more shelter from the rain than the clouds did. Through the haze of water came a little yellow rain coat. 
“Standing in the rain?” she asked.
“Seems like it,” I replied.
“Seems silly to me,” she said.
“Who cares?” I asked.
“Lots of people,” she answered.
“Really? Who?”
“I don’t know; you’ve left them all behind.”
“I haven’t left you.”
“No, I haven’t left you.” her reply.
“I guess so, but you will one day.”
“No.” 
 	My turn for insight. “You will.”
“Yes, when you don’t need me anymore.”
“Will I ever stop needing you?”
“Yes. But you may never stop needing.” 
She turned and skipped off into the curtain of precipitation.

Later I lay in the bath drinking whiskey.
Later I sat in my room drinking whiskey.
There was a knock on the door.
“Who is it?” I called.
“Rich,” came Charlie’s voice as she tried the locked handle. “Rich, will you let me in?”
“Leave me alone, Charlie,” and as an afterthought, “Please.” 
She did and I wished that she hadn’t.
Later I played guitar and drank whiskey. Whiskey’s great.
Even later I went for a walk and found myself at Jess’ bar. I sat and drank White Russians and cried to myself. Why had you gone, Jess? Where was the escape for me?
(Easy just follow the Ridge Road out into the desert and after about an hour you can’t miss it)
I wanted to go to the hotel, but something stopped me. I don’t know what, but it felt like I had had enough; again enough of running away. Sometimes you didn’t even feel like running away. I mean, would going to the hotel bring Jess back? Or Layla? Would I feel good going to the hotel, would it make everything right? No. It might take it all away for a bit, but it wouldn’t solve anything, not like the booze in my hand, yeah, did it matter where I was? I was still running.

I missed dinner, just sitting in my room playing FreeCell on my laptop, once upon a time no one would have asked why, but things were different now and there came a knock on the door. I walked over and unlocked it to find Madame Connelly standing in the portal.
“Can I come in?” she asked.
“Can I say no?” I asked back.
“No.”
“Well you better come in then.” I stepped back and let her come into the room. She sat on the edge of the bed. Same damn place as Billy had.
“You smell of whiskey,” she commented.
“Weird,” never too sad for sarcasm.
“Well, do you have any for an old Irish woman?” she looked up at me; I stood there for a moment.
“Yeah, yeah, sorry.” I walked over to the kitchenette, rinsed another glass and poured us both a slug.
“So what can I do for you, Madame?” I asked as I sat next to her.
She took a drink of her newly acquired whiskey. “Why are you so sad, Richard?”
“What do you know about Eve?” I shot back.
“Aahhh, I wondered when it might come to this.”
“Did you?”
“Of course.”
“Well then if you know it all, who is she? How do you two know each other?”
“Oh, Richard, I don’t believe that you haven’t got it yet, from all the things we’ve said,” she seemed sad.
“No, I haven’t got it,” my anger back, I can’t remember having such a well of it. “Tell me.”
“You remember I told you that you were the balance?”
“Yes, what did you mean?”
“Think, Richard, if you are the balance, what are you the balance between?”
I sat there, staring at my knees and thinking, dawning. “Between the two of you,” I realised.
“Yes,” simply stated.
“But it still doesn’t make any sense,” I searched her face.
“No, Richard, life doesn’t make sense, it never pretends to.”
“Then what am I supposed to do?”
“I don’t know.”
“Yes you do, I can see it, I can feel it.”
She looked into my open face for what seemed like hours, “Maybe I do, Richard, but that doesn’t mean I want to.” She sighed. “What you have to do, you will know and you will have to do it.” 
She stood up and walked to the door. As she opened it she looked back at me. “What does the little girl tell you?”
“She says there are never too many questions,” I replied, but she was already gone leaving her sadness to permeate the room.
    
I walked down the corridor when in front of me a door opened and a man walked out straightening his tie. Charlie followed him out of the door and saw me turning around.
“See yourself out,” I heard her say.
“Anything you say, you minx,” I heard him say.
I could feel her following me as I walked to my room; I nearly got the door shut when she put her foot in it.
“Let me in, Rich,” she pleaded and I was too worn down not to open the door. I fell down onto the bed staring out the window, she sat next to me.
“It seems we spend so much time staring out of this window.”
“It’s a good view,” I said staring at our reflection in the dark pane.
“It seems awfully lonely to me.”
“It’s a lonely world,” I replied searching her face in the reflection, feeling her own searching.
“It doesn’t have to be,” she whispered.
“How can you say that?” That well opening up again. “How can you of all people say that? With all you’ve been through. How?”
“Because I have hope.”
I snorted a laugh, “hope? Hope in what?”
“Hope that tomorrow can get better.”
“Oh yeah? And will it?”
“I’m leaving too, Rich. I’ve got a place in college.”
“What?” I looked at her profile.
“I’m going to train as a teacher.” The secret meeting with Madame.
“So tomorrow will be better for you,” the bitterness of my words burnt my throat. She looked at me, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“The day before you turned up here, my tomorrow was better,” she wept.
 My emotions crumbled and I stared at my feet. She got up and walked to the door. “Charlie,” I said to my feet, I could feel her hovering. “I’m sorry.”
“What for?” 
“For everything.”
“So am I,” no anger, just sadness, which she left as she went out the door. A reminder of Jess, of what we had said before she had gone, gone forever.

I went to the hotel, I couldn’t take it anymore, I had to escape even if it wouldn’t work, even if it wasn’t even escape anymore.
I sat on a stool at a bar on the balcony when Dan plumped himself down next to me.
“Yo, man, long time!” he buzzed.
“Dan, man, it has been a while,” no enthusiasm and I didn’t care.
“Well, well, who’s a grumpy boy?”
“Leave it, Dan. What you been up to?”
“Me? Same old shit, different days, but I’ve made it all better by coming here, man it’s great,” he looked over his shoulder at the crowds. “Damn, there’s some fine ass here.”
“Is that why you come?” I looked at him.
“Yeah, man, to dance and to score, to have some fun.”
“To escape?”
“To let go.” At that moment I realised Dan and I were different; he didn’t have anything to escape from. 
I got up and picked up my drink, “Let me show you something, Dan.”
“Cool, yeah,” he got up and followed me around the balcony to the glass wall.
We stood outside the doors and the guards pushed them open. Dan looked in amazed as I stepped over the threshold.
“Well come on then,” I looked over my shoulder.
“No, man, I’m not going in there.”
“What?” I was truly surprised.
“I don’t need that shit, man.”
“Really?” still surprised.
“Yeah, and neither do you,” honestly.
I shrugged. “Suit yourself, mate,” and I turned and walked toward the fountain; I heard him call my name as the doors shut.
I spent time in pleasure with one of the girls, ignoring everyone else who looked on and later stood overlooking the garden smoking a cigarette. I watched the young men dancing as Eve joined me. I didn’t know where she had come from; she hadn’t been in the room.
“What’s in the garden?” I asked still looking down.
“My friends.” Simply.
“A lot of pretty, pretty boys that you call friends.”
“Yes. Some are dancing to remember some dance to forget,” a pause and she looked at me, “which one do you dance for?” 
I looked back at her and then walked away, walked past the fountain, back to the doors that opened for me and out. Down into the foyer, past Lucy, the girl I had met on my first time here, out into the cold night air.

I got home an hour or so later and found that I had knocked on Charlie’s door. Suddenly I wished I hadn’t, but now here she was standing in the portal. She didn’t look like she had been asleep and I must have looked rough because she put one hand to my cheek and the other took my hand and led me inside. 

I awoke the next day alone in her bed; I was disorientated and fumbled around for my watch only to remember I didn’t wear one. The clock said it was nearly lunch time and I was hungry so I fell out of bed and left the room to fall into a shower.
When I got down to lunch I found that Charlie must have broken the news at breakfast. It seemed that everyone was quite happy with the fact, now so many had left it seemed everyone was getting used to the idea. 

Why is life so bad? So sad? Appreciating things for what they are doesn’t really work until after the fact, when you can look back and see how things fit together. Until you die you can never really say what life was, whether it was good or bad; only then, when appreciating things for what they are can you say that life was good. Perhaps it should be appreciating things for what they were. But how does that help as you live through it? As you have to live through the crap? 
Yes, later you might see how things were good, but that doesn’t help you here and now. Here. Now. What is the point to life if it is only lived through looking back? What was the point of my life? If you asked Maeve, or even Eve they would say there was a lot of point, points for them maybe, but what was the point for me? I still don’t know, maybe I’ll never know, maybe that’s not the point. If you knew the end of the novel would you bother reading it? If you knew the last reel of the film does that make it better? Better, no, to live in suspense? Well, no. 
In films and books maybe, because you can still walk out of it, but in life you can’t step out and know the end. But then maybe I‘ve answered all the questions about Jess. In those last moments she knew what life really was, but, hell, she could never do anything with that knowledge; surely there must be some way of seeing the point and still being able to do something about it. To live life to it’s fullest. But then perhaps in order to live life to its fullest is to live with its uncertainty.

We had a lunch that I didn’t taste or remember. Afterwards I got up and left without a word and Charlie followed me.
“I don’t have to work this afternoon.”
“That’s nice,” said without looking.
“I thought you could show me around the city,” she said breaking my heart.
I turned to look at her, “yeah. Yeah, I could do that.”
“Meet me down here in half an hour?”
“I’ll be here,” and I disappeared upstairs to sit in my room and drink a couple of beers. I couldn’t do anything anymore without a few beers inside me. 
So we walked in the crisp air and the months rolled away, it was just like when we first went out. We stopped at a café, Benny’s Bar and Café, and got a drink, sitting by the window overlooking the Grand Place.
“So when do you leave?” I asked sipping from my Budweiser.
“Well, the course starts next month so pretty soon. I need to find accommodation first,” she sucked banana milkshake through her straw.
“Is Madame helping? She seems good at it, finding Giselle a flat in New York can’t have been easy,” I commented.
“Yeah, she is, in fact she’s making some calls today.”
A thought struck me, “Hey, I don’t even know where you’re going!”
“Didn’t I tell you?”
“No!” we grinned at each other.
“It’s down south, University of New Orleans.” 
We finished our drinks chatting about where to go, what to see. Charlie wanted to see all the old places before she left.
We walked through the little market in the not-wide-enough corner street. This time I came out with a bead bracelet, a jar of homemade marmalade to join the collection and a battered fedora hat, Charlie came out with a flimsy looking skirt and a T-shirt that proclaimed ‘I ♥ N.Y.’ with a speech bubble coming from the Y that said ‘Neil Young’. 
We walked on.
Another bar and this time talk about all the things that had happened since I arrived. None of the bad stuff though, and it made me realise, at least at that moment, all the things I had brought to the House of Blue Light, all the good times we had had, the time we all went out and drank only shots all night; the time Charlie, Giselle and I drank our way through the spirits in alphabetical order, I think we got to ‘S’.  The time we went ice skating, the time we tried to go fishing on the river with Billy’s ancient kit, Audrey caught a boot and I caught a used condom. 
“I’m really going to miss this place,” she said.
“So why leave?” 
“Because I have to, I can’t stay here all my life,” she took a sip of her Tom Collins. “You had a great time on the fields, right?”
I thought back, “Yeah, I did.”
“But you wouldn’t have stayed, would you?”
“No, I guess not, it was a means to an end,” I thought again. “I guess it was good because I didn’t stay.”
“Exactly,” another sip of Mr Collins.

We found ourselves on the bridge looking down on the river. I started to speak, but she put her finger to my lips. And then she ran. She ran and I chased.

Another bar. ‘Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men’ started up on the jukebox.

“So do you think you’ll stop running?” I asked over Jack Daniel’s all round. “Once you get to university, I mean.”
She looked at me seriously. “I hope so. I hope so, but I don’t know. Do we ever really stop running?”
“I could stop running with you,” I said, surprising myself.
 “Then come with me.”
“I can’t, Charlie,” I said with sad realisation. “I can’t leave yet, there’s unfinished business here for me.”
 “What?” she asked.
“I don’t know, but I know I’m here for a reason.” 
She thought about that. “Yes, yes you are. Will you come and find me when it’s all over?”
 “You still want that?” I asked
 “Yes.” Simply. “The reason you came was for me.”
“Then maybe I will.”


On our way back I took her via the curio shop. Inside she was amazed by all the assortment. I looked at the big painting and just as something registered in my mind Charlie pulled me away to look at a beautiful necklace in the glass cabinet that made up the counter.
“I want to buy this necklace, please,” I asked the crazy waist coated owner.
“Certainly.”
“Oh, Rich, no.”
But it was too late. We stood outside the shop and I put the necklace on her. “This is my promise to one day come for you if I can,” I said and she cried.

Within three days she was gone. Just three of us left, when would the others go? Or would I be next?

Myself, Audrey and Françoise spent a lot of time together over the next few days. Solidarity. But eventually the loneliness, the needing to be with people I really knew took over me and I went to the hotel. Did I find people there that I really knew? No. But I could pretend. I even wandered through the halls and bars, but they seemed drab, they seemed empty as well. Was the heyday of the hotel gone too? Was it because of me? Or were the people who partied here moving on as well?
I walked up to Eve’s Place and sat at a bar, but I didn’t want to be there either, it was too vibrant, too exciting and I couldn’t handle it so I left. I walked down to the foyer to find it packed with people dancing, the music in here was loud but I couldn’t tell where it was coming from, nor did I recognise it; it was as if all the music in the whole hotel was meeting here and creating a new beat. I stood on the stairs and watched it all, a spectacular scene, even more so than anything I had seen in Eve’s place. It was as if the people were breaking free of Eve’s constraints, as if her control was slipping. Suddenly from behind me a group of people came down the stairs, came from Eve’s, and joined the party. In their flow I left thinking about balance. 

The next day I got up late and had a late breakfast, then I got back into bed with my laptop and read through what I had written. As I sat and read I realised how much of what I had written reflected how I had been feeling, and it showed me how much time I had spent happy. Different sections reminded me of different experiences, different people, I could see Charlie and Layla in there; I could find Billy and Madame Connelly. There was the hotel reflected in my writing, and Eve. I found Mandy and my own difficulties in writing. I got to the end and found myself typing; words flowing through my fingers to the page. And as I wrote I thought and the story in my head and the story around me melted together. I don’t know for how long I wrote, but it was the most productive session I had ever had in my short writing career. 
Suddenly I came out of my blur, from my mind and back into reality, like looking through an album of black and white photos and then looking up surprised to find the world in colour. I realised I had missed lunch and that inside not hunger, but loneliness. I got up and went out for a walk to find something to eat. 
As I walked I got lost in my thoughts and found myself in the park. It was a sunny, warm day, the first I could remember in what seemed like years. People were making the most of it and the park was busy, as were the chess tables. I played a few games against challengers who had hibernated with the cold weather. It was gratifying to see I had improved despite not having played. Eventually I found myself alone, playing with the black knight. Then she came and sat down.
“Well, it’s been a long time since we played.”
“It has been,” Alice replied.
“I see the yellow dress is out again.”
“It’s a lovely day,” she smiled at me and moved a pawn.
“It is, isn’t it?” I replied putting the knight in his place and then moving him to challenge her pawn.
“How are you feeling?” she asked while moving another pawn.
“OK,” I replied, thinking moves. I moved a pawn.
“How defensive.”
“My move or my reply?” my next reply.
She smiled at me. “Both.”
I looked down at the board, “I feel lonely.” 
“Yes, you have chosen a lonely life.”
“Have I? Did I choose this or did it choose me?” I looked at the top of head as she moved another piece. It had all started so long ago, it was hard to remember.
She looked up at me, “you’ve chosen to be a travelling man, you can’t be sad when those around you choose to move as well.”
“I can’t help the way I feel, or the fact that my life has always been on the move.” Move.
“You can’t help the way you feel, but you are not a slave to the waves of life. You have oars. You could stay in a harbour.” Move.
“What’s the point of staying in a harbour if you live on a boat?” Move.
“Good point. Would you, one day, like to sell your boat and buy a house?” Move.
“I don’t know.” I thought. “Yeah I guess so, but then when I think about it I don’t want to.” Move.
“Maybe you will be able to soon.” Move.
“How so?” Move.
“Sometimes life just is, but sometimes we have something to do. Maybe you have something to do first and that stops you; or someone will come and take you off the boat.” Move.
I thought of Billy and how Madam Connolly had taken him off his boat. “But what? How can I do it if I don’t know what it is?” Move.
“I’m sure you’ll know when the time comes. The question is, will you make the right choice?” Move.
I stared at the board and tried to keep a calm face.
“How will I know what the right choice is?” Move.
“You already know the right choice, but you may choose another path. It depends who you are thinking of.” Move.
Yes! I moved my final piece. “Checkmate,” I declared triumphantly. She looked down at the board for some time and then looked up at me smiling.
“Well done!” she giggled. “Maybe you’ll do the right thing after all.” Then she got up and skipped away.

I sat there for a while looking down on a battle won and then put the pieces back and walked off. As I wandered the thoughts came back, thoughts of balance, of making the right choices, of how strange Alice was. When we had first met it had all seemed bizarre, but I had become used to it. Even the strangest things in life, if you see them enough, become accepted, normal.        
I walked down to the river, but didn’t cross the bridge. I spent sometime just staring a t the spot I had sat when Layla had brought me that first beer. She was a choice, I realised, a choice to ave something from the other side of the river, perhaps to shun what I already had. Maybe that’s why things had gone downhill, perhaps in my selfishness I had stretched myself too far too thin. I wasn’t concentrating on what I had, instead I had my mind in the House of Blue Light, across the river and at Eve’s hotel. I was watching everything, but not looking at anything.
I found myself walking past the curio shop again and as I passed something in the window caught my eye and I took the few steps back to the door and went in. The shopkeeper was there in another bright waistcoat.
“You again,” he said without tone.
“It would seem so,” I replied hoping my cheery reply would annoy him. “I like the picture in the window, can I have a better look?”
“Why?” still no tone.
“Because I might buy it,” a thought-that-would-be-obvious tone. He sighed and slowly got up and came around the counter and walked over to the window.
“Which picture,” he called over his shoulder and I came up and pointed to it, from what I had seen it looked like a street from a frontier town in the Wild West, I don’t know why it caught my attention, just something about it. 
“Oh that one,” his voice suddenly full of rich tone, excited. He got the picture and looked at it for a moment before handing it to me. It was a frontier street, on either side I could see buildings, most fairly nondescript, in the centre standing in the street were two cowboys facing each other in a showdown. The shopkeeper came and looked over my shoulder at the painting.
“You know what this is about?” he asked. His excitement coming to me on his stale breath.
“No,” I answered him, starting to feel his excitement.
“This painting here is called ‘Travelling Men’. You see this town was originally an Indian settlement, Apache maybe, or Sioux, I forget. Anyway when the traders came and saw what a good location it was in, they wanted to start a town here. They offered to buy the land, but the Indians refused. The traders continued to make higher offers for the land, but the Indians refused. 
“Anyway one night the traders attacked the settlement and slaughtered the tribe. It’s said that with his dying breath the chief swore a curse and spat on the ground, turning it to desert by morning.”
I gave a short laugh, but it felt hollow in my throat.
“The settlers didn’t care, there was still plenty of good land by the river and they built what would become this city.”
“Ok,” I said elongatedly and slightly disbelieving, but wanted to humour him. “But what’s all that got to do with this painting?”
“Well, the curse that the chief put on the land was that of, well apathy, I guess you would say; it would be a town where hardly anyone was apt to stay too long simply because no one would care too much about it, just drift in and out. Unless they had no ambitions, I guess.”
“What about you? You seem to have been here awhile; or maybe I’m wrong, maybe you’re just in transit.”
“Nope, I’ve been here a good whiles, but, you see, I found what I wanted here, I love my shop and the things I sell, I have no ambitions anymore.”
“Really?” I was honestly surprised. “I mean, no ambitions whatsoever? Nowhere in the world you fancy seeing before you die?”
“Boy, who says I ain’t already done seen them already? The only people with ambitions are those who have yet to fulfil their hearts desires, or those too lustful to realise they already have.”
“Fair point, I’m sorry.”
“No need to apologise,” he smiled a creaky little smile, the only one I ever saw from him.
“So what has this curse got to do with the picture?” I asked looking back to the painting he had now set facing us in the window.
“Ahh, well you see the myth continues that there is only one way to set this land free, that is for someone to come and choose.” I began to interrupt, but decided he would get to it without questions. “You see the Chief cursed the land to be locked between good and evil, that is really what apathy is anyway, isn’t it?” I began to shrug, but he continued. “Hence the lush land near the river and then the desert. Did you never think the desert was kinda strangely juxtaposed, so to speak?”
“Can’t say I’ve ever been-“
“Yeah, of course,” he interrupted me and then continued: “So’s anyway, you see if the land and thusly the peoples here were locked in a balance between good and bad then it could never really be free, never really go anywhere.”
“Nope, I’m not following you here, surely everyone is locked between good and bad?”
“Well, of course, but we all have a choice to do what is right or wrong, we have freedom to choose to do the wrong thing, to hurt others, or to do the right thing and help them, choice is the enemy of apathy and good and bad are the ultimate choices. Good and bad are forces that prey upon us, but they are not necessarily us. Don’t you see? That was the curse of the Chief, ‘normality’, ‘banality’, ‘mediocrity’, everyone believing that if things were good for them, helped them, then that was all OK, that if life was good for them then nothing else much mattered and that if it was bad then it wasn’t their fault, it was someone else’s, or something else’s. They can’t be bothered to work to a greater good, nor solve their own problems.”
“And so, with that belief no one can ever grow or advance.”
“Indeed.”
“Well, I’m still not sure on any of that, but what does it have to do with this painting anyway?”
“Ahh, well, you see these two cowboys, they represent good and evil facing each other for the grip of the town, squaring off to claim the town one way or the other, setting it free to go one way or the other.”
“Okaaaay, so in order to free the city, the people just need to choose between one or the other.”
“Exactly.”
“Not so hard,” I said and looked back up at him. He in turn looked slowly up from the painting.
“But you still don’t get it, do you?”
Obviously not, I thought. “Obviously not,” I said.
He sighed. “The curse of the chief, was a stability, a normality, that would freeze people, what that means is they don’t really give a shit about anything much, but themselves. As long as they’re alright and their belief systems are in tune with the sphere around them they don’t need to give a shit. They don’t go anywhere in this world, never chase their dreams, never feel the gratitude of someone they’ve helped, never had to sacrifice in order to achieve something, or do something for another.”
“In other words, they’ve never lived,” now I sighed.
“Finally catching on, boy,” his eyes twinkled for a moment.
“OK, but I’m still not quite getting the point of the painting, I mean it hardly tells that story does it?”
“Maybe it does, maybe like any good painting you need to spend a long time looking at it and thinking about it.” 
We both looked back at the painting
“So the chief wins, they steal the land, but he made sure it could never prosper as a town, could never fulfil he dreams of the settlers. They’d never be rich, they’d never leave a mark or be truly a part of the country. Unless they left.”
“Or someone makes the choice.”
“Again, not so hard to choose right from wrong, is it?”
He laughed at that, a laughed aged with dust. “You think? But just what is right and wrong? 
“I mean to say, truly good people and truly evil people are not as rife as the papers would make you believe. And the true genius of the Chief was this knowledge: that all things to men are relative. So yeah, Hitler was an evil man, but even then there were some people who thought he was doing the right thing. Take a less extreme version and then things are less clear cut. Just because you think something is good, doesn’t mean others do.”
“So the Chief knew no one could break the curse.”
“Not quite. There are good and bad things in the world; even though some may have thought Hitler was doing a good thing, he wasn’t, it was evil. So indeed a truly good or evil person could come and free the city and lead it in either of those directions, the wisdom of the Chief was that he knew such people are rare and that in the end either the land could be saved for good and the evil of those first settlers redeemed or cursed further.”
“Win-win,” I commented.
I felt him look up at me and raised my eyes to meet his. “Not for us,” he replied coldly and turned back to the counter.        

I looked at the painting, at the men and then at the buildings, only one side of the street being visible. To the fore of the painting was a building with a blue door and cracking, peeling blue paint on the window sills. Next to this was a store with boxes in the window, coffins? An undertakers? Further shops and saloons. At the very end of town was a building with a wooden sign, hanging out in the slight wind, that faintly read ‘hotel’. In the middle was the shop that caught my eye the most, it seemed to be an antique shop, perhaps a junk store an assortment of things in the window. 
“Wait,” with urgency and he stopped in his tracks in front of the glass counter, his reflection a dim reminder of a man. “You can get past all that though, surely. Just appreciating things for what they are, neither good nor bad. You said it yourself, what is good for me is bad for someone else; so surely if we can accept that, then we can accept it all. We can move beyond relativity and judgements, and accept all for what they truly are.”
He didn’t turn, his reflection never wavered. “And how’s that working out for you?”
“How much?” I asked instead.
“Then you still have much to learn, don’t you?” 
I stood in uncomprehending silence.
He sighed again and his reflected shoulders slumped, though I could never be sure if I actually saw his body move. 
“I mean, it’s yours. Take it. Now just go; do whatever it is that you do.”
Me? Me? I don’t do much, never had the balls; 

but I took the painting

“Why’s it called the Travelling Men?” I asked at the door.
“Because only someone travelling through, someone with no home here, could make the choice.”

 and left.   

I walked in a bit of a daze; I couldn’t get the shopkeeper’s legend out of my head. I’m not one for believing in such things, but my imagination loved them, could be engrossed in them. Secretly I loved the idea that curses existed, that there was more to life than just science and logic, and really living in that city, I came to believe there was. 
“Hi there!” a bright, cheerful voice.
I looked up to find I had walked into a café and sat down. Here in front of me the waitress was Mandy.
“Hey,” decidedly less cheerful. She sat down opposite me.
“What’s wrong?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“Then I wouldn’t have asked.”
I looked her in the face for a moment, searching it. “What do you want to do when you leave here?”
“I want to be a writer,” she replied without having to think.
“But you want to leave?”
“Of course I do. I want to see the world.”
“Why? I mean why write?”
She thought now, “Because reading is the only thing that takes me away from here. I want to be able to take people away from where they are. For just a few pages they are not where they are, none of the problems and pain and anything matter. They are in a different place, and sometimes a different place is a better place, whatever it’s like.”
“Good answer,” was all I could think of, and it was true, it was a good answer, it was why I wrote. To escape, to help others escape. There are no choices in fiction, they are guided and crafted by the unseen writer, the presence that is all over the book, but never on the surface, you never see the maker in the images, but deep down you know he or she is there. Guiding you to the denouement, opening your mind slowly, but surely to the final revelation, to a better understanding of what life is, and if they are great writers, then who you are. I briefly thought again of Stephen King who, outside the pages of any book, had lead me to reading and then to writing, who in some crazy way, then, had lead me here, and would lead me on to my own denouement.
“What do you want to do when you leave here?” she echoed.
“I don’t know,” I answered, but at that moment I wanted to leave; to go home and write more.
She looked over at the counter and then back at me, “I should get back to work,” louder now, “what do want to order?”
“Erm, nothing; no, I want to go now and write.” 
We both got up and as she walked to the counter and I walked to the door, I turned, “Thanks.”
She turned and smiled, “No, thank you, thanks for the comments they were really helpful.” I smiled back at her and gave a little nod; then we both turned, her back to her job, me back to mine.

I spent the rest of the afternoon writing, changing the plot to fit new ideas, going back through the manuscript and fitting in new things. It was another intense experience; I can’t remember sitting writing; only the images it conjured up. I was immersed in the story and I felt as if I wasn’t writing it, but reading it and I guess that is the way with writing, very little of it is a conscience effort, thinking about what this person might do or say, but it flows from you as if from another person, so that you are surprised and excited with the way the story unfolds. 
I looked at the time at the end of the task bar and realised that it was nearly time for dinner so I got up and walked to the window and smoked a cigarette. I wondered through the blue tinted smoke about Layla and what she was doing. I missed her, but really not as much as I thought I would. Then I remembered the painting and walked over to my desk and picked it up. I spent a while looking at that building in blue, what was it? There was no obvious identification. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not stupid, it surely got me thinking of where I was staying, ‘The House of Blue Light’ and I was not amiss of the hotel on the other side of town, just as they were in reality. In a way anyway. And Madame Connelly herself had said I was a balance between her and Eve. But I didn’t connect them with real life, I’d seen a lot, but are you really going to connect some old myth from a painting with the world around you? It’s easy to read books and watch films where the plot is made obvious to the reader/watcher, but not the hero/ine. That’s a plot device to suck you in, but in real life you hardly ever expect an ending and so never really put two and two together. When you watch a horror movie and the teenagers hear a strange noise in the dark bathroom they go and investigate and you, as the watcher, can’t believe anyone could be so dumb, because you know how it will turn out. In real life if you heard an odd noise in your bathroom at night you wouldn’t think it was a monster you’d be worried something was broken and walk into your death just like anyone else. 
And let’s face it, it’s a stupid idea that this painting somehow had something to do with them both, or that the old myth was a reality. It still is, if I’m honest. But the junk shop or whatever it was in the middle kept taking my eye. It wasn’t much of anything, just a shop painted in the background, but it held a certain mystery to me. What would they sell in the Old West? What would be classed as antique or junk back then? What would be pawned? What mysteries would such a shop hold if we could travel back in time and look upon the things our ancestors tossed away? What ache in our heart would it provide, to know that we could never be back there, just as now we can’t revisit our own ancestors and their thoughts.


Then I walked down for dinner. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Dinner was good, strange really considering all that had gone before. Didn’t those who were left feel the emptiness? Or had they accepted it? Perhaps they realised that before long it would be them moving on and so were happy to wait. Maybe I could be happy to move on too? A stupid thing to think, of course I was ready to go, I had been for ages by then, but there was something keeping me there, a sense that I had something to do or maybe I was telling myself that in order to not have to move. Sometimes, if not most of the time, life can be awful, but we’d rather stay in the unhappiness we know than the happiness we might, or might not achieve. Weird, really, because the worst that can happen is we’re just as unhappy somewhere else.
After dinner I drove to the train station and watched the trains come and go; I thought so much about getting on one and just going, leaving it all behind, but that was running, leaving all my problems and starting anew. And the thing I had learned at the House of Blue Light was that you didn’t leave your problems, you never escaped them, just took them with you. Unless you dealt with them. 
I thought of the two cowboys in the picture, not residents, travelling men like myself who had come to fight over this city, this land, these people. To set them free. But for what? Their own good or for the people’s good? Either way I thought I knew how they felt; to be an outsider, to have the weight of others on their shoulders; after all, didn’t I have the weight of these girls on my shoulders, even the ones that had left? I wondered if I could do it; if I could change this city for good or bad? Did I really know whatever those things meant? Was good for me really good. Or just my definition of good? Was I Gandhi or Hitler? Could I appreciate things for what they were if it meant sacrificing myself in the process? Could I find good in Jess’s death even if it meant that I would lose some of my humanity to do so? Was tipping the balance really that worth it? Wasn’t it just a stupid old myth, anyway?
I got into my car and drove to the hotel. 

I didn’t so much need to go there, but I wanted to, wanted to see if it really was all I had thought it was. I wanted to see those people again, see them dancing in the foyer. And sure enough I found them, and more so.
Even before I had reached the hotel I could see that there was something happening outside. I could hardly pull up outside for the throng of people dancing, drinking. As I walked through them I could see a number of boomboxes, all strangely playing Iggy Pop’s ‘The Passenger’.
“Hey, fuckin’ hell, man! How’s it going!?” It was Dan and just seeing him lifted my spirit, I wanted to grab him and tell him he was my best mate in all the world. Just for a second.
“Dude, how’s it going?” I asked with excitement.
“Brilliant, man, check all this out!” he waved his hand around all the people.
“Why aren’t they in the halls?” I asked over the din.
“Fuck the halls, man, this is partying unleashed. This is our party!”
“What about Eve’s Place? Is this better?”
“Man, all the people from Eve’s Place are down here now!”
“Cool, I’m going inside,” I shouted in his ear over the din.
“OK, man, but don’t lose your life in there, come out and be free!” he grinned.
I went inside and the foyer was packed again with other people dancing and new music. Three things buzzed in my mind from what Dan had said, first his swearing, for some reason it had grated in my ears, I couldn’t remember hearing him swear before; secondly his phrase ‘this is our party’, it again struck me that Eve was losing control, but I also realised that this couldn’t be happening without the hotel, without a place to do it, without the bars to supply alcohol; wasn’t it just a faux form of freedom, freedom dependant on the system? Without what the hotel offered you couldn’t choose something else.  Thirdly and finally, ‘don’t lose your life in there’ I wondered if I would. Just like Jess. 
Well Dan was wrong, not all the people from Eve’s Place were outside, yes, the rooms I had to pass through were looking empty, most preferring to enjoy this new revolution than wait for something they might never know. There were some still in there, but they weren’t dancing and I realised that they had waited for so long that it was no longer about the dancing, about where the party was. It was about getting to where they had been trying to. I felt sorry for them, that they might not get any time in Eve’s Place before this ended, and then wondered what I meant. Eve’s Place was still fairly rocking, but yes, emptier. I considered that really once you got here, you couldn’t bring yourself to leave it, even if you had found something better. Charlie passed by my mind and I wondered why. I saw Eve talking to two men and wandered over. She ignored me. I stood and waited. 
And waited.
Until:
“Yes, Richard, what do you want?” Impatience.
“Well, well, Eve, impatient tonight,” cocky, “is it that time of the month?”
“How dare you?!” But my confidence was growing.
“Oh come now, Eve, don’t be angry, be calm.”
“Oh, and what gives you the right?” angry now, “you the power?”
“Well you do,” I answered not really knowing what I was saying. “By losing yours.”
Then she grinned. “The people outside? That’s not a loss, those who really know are still here. Those like you.”
“They’ve got a new party now, Eve.”
She barked a laugh, “If I closed the hotel now, what would they have? They think they’re breaking free, but it’s just a deception in their mind,” and I had already thought it. 
You couldn’t choose the party outside without the hotel as comparison, you couldn’t have a preference without choice, you couldn’t choose good without knowing bad.
“You want to see what this place is really about, Richard? You really want to know what can be had here? Do you think this is it? This is nothing, oh no, there is so much you don’t know! Now come with me, stay with me.” 
I couldn’t say yes, her voice, though majestic for most of her speech was, at the end, almost pleading.
“No, no I think I’ll go outside and see what’s going on.”
“No, Richard, stay with me,” the pleading more pronounced. I started to walk off, “Richard! Richard, you can have anything you want here, don’t throw it away,” she yelled after me. 
I walked out feeling strong knowing that now she needed me, though not really knowing why. And by the time I got back outside I still felt the urge to go back up to Eve’s Place; even if here was the party, it wasn’t really about the party anymore. Such things had somewhere along the way ceased to matter, now it was about me, about what I had. All those who had given me more than myself, Layla, Charlotte, Jess; well they had all gone now, hadn’t they? Left me to my own devices. I thought of the shopkeeper, saying about how everything is relative. Well wasn’t it time that I became relative to myself, to indulge myself in a good life? No more being the Travelling Man, but being the “I” man. Thinking of myself, the only person who would never leave me bereft. 
But then I thought back over life as I sat on the stairs and enjoyed the music. Had I really supplied myself with everything that I needed, had I really found freedom in myself, or had I found that freedom in others? Others like Charlie? But then she was gone, so fuck her, if she gave me freedom then she snatched it back for her own gain. Though she had invited me to go with her. But then I couldn’t do that, could I? Because you need to find freedom within yourself. So where better to find it than upstairs with Eve?
I sat on the stairs enjoying the music, watching everyone having fun, but I didn’t feel a part of it, I felt lonely amongst all the people. This was not my place anymore; I was too much a part of Eve’s Place now. If Layla had been there then we could have enjoyed it together, or even Jess, but neither of them were here now. I had shut myself away from these people by choosing what was upstairs. I felt even lower and slowly picked myself up and went upstairs.
Though I was thankful not to see Eve up there I felt that she knew I was there, that in the end she had won. I danced to let go and as always it worked; here the power was strong enough for me to let go, downstairs I was always reminded of what I had lost, downstairs I had danced to remember, upstairs I danced to forget. I thought then that I was lost, that I could never leave Eve’s Place, never go back, but part of my mind wouldn’t accept that, couldn’t accept it. 
It started to feel wrong to be here, to not be able to enjoy the simple having-fun that was going on downstairs. The thoughts were pushing through, even here, and so I left my dance partner and went to get a drink. My answer for everything that isn’t really an answer, just a way to dodge the question. How can you remember when you dance to forget?
I leaned on the railing of the balcony watching the dancers, my drink tasting bitter, not washing away the taste of the past, but bringing it into my mouth like bile. 
It was this place, this place was wrong; everything had fallen apart since I came here, since I chose this place over the Maison de Lumiere Bleue. But how was that so wrong? The Maison was a whore house, this was a place of joy and letting go; and yet Jess had killed herself here, not at home. I just couldn’t put my finger on it, if a whore house was bad and a place of dancing good, why did it feel the other way around? I thought of the girls back at the house, all good girls who cared for me, I thought of the people here, people who I met and used and who used me back. This was a place to escape; the Maison was a place to stop and breath, to face the past. Eve was selling the easy way out, Madame Connelly was trying to offer redemption. Although, dammit, that redemption certainly didn’t come from banging random, sweaty men for money. No, I realised, redemption only came by leaving the Maison, not by staying. Eve offered, so she told me, redemption by staying, Madame Connelly by leaving. 
“So I haven’t really lost it at all, have I?” Eve said.
I continued to watch the dancers.
She laughed, “Come now, Richard, it’s not so bad.”
“What isn’t?”
“Acceptance.”
I looked at her, “Of what?”
“Of where you belong.” I looked back down at the dancers. “It’s time to throw off that whorehouse, there is nothing there for you, there never was.”
“That’s not true,” my voice choked.
“Yes it is, this is where you belong. Stay here, choose this life, choose what is good.”
Charlie came to my mind, and then Jess, I could see door number 1969, I could feel her asleep next to me, I could feel Françoise clinging to me in the night. Madame Connelly tapping along to my guitar playing, Eve telling me I ask too many questions, Alice telling me there were never too many questions. 
“Come here tomorrow night, for the feast, then you will finally become one of us, part of us, Richard. Then you will never have to run away again, you’ll have everything here you will ever need. You’ll find rest.”
“But this isn’t a city for staying, just for passing through.”
“But if you stay, Richard, if you stay here, then that will all change. It is a place for staying when you find what you need here,” her voice breathless.
I thought of the picture, of the cowboys standing between the two buildings, of the shopkeeper’s words. I thought of good disguised as bad, evil disguised as good. That this city would be changed for good or bad depending on one man’s, a travelling man’s, choice. For this was a city for travellers, so who else could tip the balance?
Eve wanted me here, she wanted me to choose what she said was good, but was it evil disguised as good? And really did it matter? If it was good for me then nothing else really mattered, did it? Wouldn’t Jess’ death and the other’s leaving be a waste if I couldn’t find rest?  
Over the hills and far away I thought and I sighed. “I’ll be here.” With that I threw my glass as hard as I could over the balcony, turned and left feeling Eve’s smile on my back.  

I slept the restless sleep of the unrighteous, but still woke up early. I got up, showered and drank a beer straight down and then opened another. Finishing it I left the house and walked to the park. On the way I stopped and bought more beers and then went and sat at a chess table. 
I don’t know for how long I sat there, I had drunk all my beers before she arrived. She sat opposite me and looked at the board, then she moved a pawn. I looked down at the move and then with one move swept all the pieces off the board. She never looked up, I stared at the top of her head.
“I don’t want to play chess anymore,” I was angry.
She looked up at me, “No, I can see. It’s a shame, this was our last game.”
I stared at her, “Yes. Yes, it was, but now it’s not.”
“No.”
“I won’t see you again will I?” I asked quietly.
“You won’t need to anymore.” Solemn.
“Why not?”
“You will make your choice, won’t you?”
“Yes, yes I will.”
“Then you won’t need me anymore will you? You can look after yourself, Richard.”
“No, I can’t, I think we’ve proved that,” bitterly.
“Well, we’ll see, everything comes to an end,” a tiny tear slipped down her tiny cheek.
“What should I do?” I pleaded.
“Whatever you think is right.”
“That’s not good enough!” I blasted.
“It never is, is it? I don’t know what’s going on in your head, but I know that you can make the right decision.”
“For who?”
She shook her head sadly, “That’s up to you, I guess, who even says there are such things as right choices?” she got up.
“I don’t want you to leave.”
“I don’t want to leave, but I have to go home for lunch.”
“Why?”
“My mummy will be worried,” she paused. “It’s OK to cry.” 
Then she ran off.

I was hungry and for some reason decided to go home to eat. I stopped off at a few bars on the way, just necking a shot of this or that and stood in the doorway of the dining room in a vague fuzz. Everyone stopped eating and looked at me. I bowed. “Good afternoon, everyone,” I said in a mock posh voice and then took my seat. I picked up my name card and read it out loud, “Richard.” And gave a short laugh.
“You’re drunk, Richard,” stated Madame Connolly.
“Ahh, the observance of the Irish,” I stated back.
“So do you think it is a good state to be in today?” She knew, everyone knew, except me. Not really, I should have known, but my brain just didn’t quite want to say it.
“I think it is a good state to be in. Especially today.”
“What’s happening today,” asked Françoise.
“Nothing,” Me
“Everything,” Maeve.
I picked up a roll and waved it at Madame, “you know you’re going to lose out whatever happens,” I didn’t know what I was talking about.
“Yes, I know.” Quietly.
“Then why don’t you do something about it?”
“Do something about what?” Pleaded Audrey.
“What can I do about it, Richard?”
“So, what then? You’re just going to appreciate it for what it is?” I asked bitterly.
“Hey now, watch yourself, son,” Billy.
“Yes, I lose out,” Maeve said, “but others won’t necessarily. After all this goes they go free. But free to what, Richard?”
“Well why don’t you let them go now? If this isn’t freedom, open the cage.”
“This isn’t a cage, Richard,” interrupted Françoise. I looked at her with the stare of the damned. “We could leave whenever we wanted, Giselle did, and Charlie and Heidi.”
“And Jess,” I threw back.
“And you’ll let her death be for nothing?” asked Madame Connolly. Tears rolled uncontrolled down my cheeks, but someone once told me it’s OK to cry.
“I couldn’t stop her, Maeve, I was too late. I couldn’t help her. I couldn’t be there to stop Françoise be beaten up, or tell Charlie how I felt. I couldn’t make you proud.”
“I am proud of you, Richard, you have been so selfless without realising it, but the last call is yours. You did help Françoise, you fought Jess’s father. And Charlie knew how you felt.”
I shook with hot tears, “Jess is still dead.”
Maeve looked down at the table and when she looked up at me tears rolled down her cheeks too. “You can’t save them all, Richard, however hard you try. I know… I know.”
“You saved Billy, took him off his boat onto dry land, what about my boat?”
“You are not mine to save,” she replied to my eyes.
“The sea gets tumultuous tonight, Billy,” Billy said wistfully.
I got up from the table and walked to the door where I stood looking down at the handle in my hand. I turned to them, “I’m sorry.” And then I left again, this time forever.

I sat in another bar just drinking and smoking, hoping that together they would deaden all that was inside me. They didn’t. So I walked more, remembering all that had been, I thought back to the fields, and to before that, the journey that hadn’t finished, the questions left unanswered and before that to the office and the Doctor and all his wisdom. I wished I was still in that office, settled with a house, a wife, a family. I wish I’d never made the choice to follow, to loo, to question.
Questions brought answers, but answers were new questions wrapped up. Were we not only truly free when we were ignorant? Alice would disagree. 
But this was freedom, freedom that most would never experience, the freedom to travel and se new wolrds, but it wasn’t a dream come true. It was a lonely existence of knowing a few people for a little while and never having the chance to make right the things you ruined before you moved on. Just for once I wanted to do something right, just once.
I walked into the curio shop and looked around. Nothing had changed, except that the shopkeeper was no where to be seen. I looked up at the big painting of the Grand Place in the 19th century, I stared at it for minutes, scouring each square inch, looking at the faces of the people, wondering what they were doing there, what they were thinking. And then I saw the thing that had kept pulling at me whenever I looked; there she was, skipping through the crowds, her little yellow dress flowing behind her in the wind. I looked at her tiny face and I thought I could see a tiny smile there.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

I pulled up to the hotel and got out. It was dark except a single light above the door and the glow of lights from the foyer. It was quiet outside and quiet inside. I walked in to find a man sitting behind the front desk.
“Good evening,” he said politely.
“Good evening,” I retorted.
“You know where to go?” he asked.
“I can guess,” and I walked past him and up the stairs.
The quietness reminded me of going there to find Jess, but it didn’t touch me. Not tonight.
I walked through the mirrored room and through each of the next rooms, each one as dead and dark as the last until finally I came to the double doors that led to Eve’s Place.
I stopped for a second and then threw both doors open.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Inside it was bright and music played quietly. All around me were people eating and drinking at the tables. Around them the usual assortment of waiters and waitresses, but this time they were stark naked, erect penis’, shiny hard nipples and shaved vaginas. It was this that opened my eyes.
Yes people were sitting around and eating, but it was more than that, this was debauchery in the full sense of the word, at one table a man had a woman bent over as he screwed her below her dress. Against the balcony railing a woman sucking a mans cock while he is stooped, sucking the breast of another. He pulls his head away, her breast disappeared in a pool of blood. He grins at me and I see her nipple still clenched between his teeth.
Two women are riding a man on the floor facing each other, kissing. A man sits alone tearing through a massive roast pig, juice and meat spilling over his tuxedo. Another woman masturbates one of the waiters into her soup. 
I walk around the balcony and look down as I pass. Below there is dancing, writhing, pornography. In the wave of people I catch a glimpse on someone trampled on the floor. I look away and watch three men violate one woman, blood leaking across the floor as they laugh.
Here a man slumped backwards over the balcony railing his penis missing, chewed off. Over there a woman against the wall dead, two waiters beginning to drag her away. 
A woman sits at a table eating chocolate with her free hand up her green, flouncy dress fingering herself.
Alcohol flows freely into the gullets of the needy, it flows over tables and waterfalls from the balcony over the dancers below. A dirty pair of knickers get caught on my shoe as I walk, I note the red lace frills on black satin before I kick it away into the air.
I reach the double doors at the end and find them open, no guards tonight, the black night lit by distant balls of gas. 
I walk across the platform, in the night the fountain seems to be red, perhaps it is wine, perhaps it is blood, perhaps it is just the light. Below me the boys still dance slowly to their own internal music, hazy and dazed with no light in their eyes.
She sits propped up on her bed like a cheap imitation of Cleopatra, against all the walls men and women stand silently naked watching me watching them. Eve gives a slight nod and two women come from their place and stand on either side of me. One has picked up a glass of whiskey as she comes and holds it out to me silently. I let her stand there like a robot. 
“Take the drink, Richard. Relax.” I do nothing. “Don’t make the poor girl just stand there like that, have a heart, Richard,” she purrs and smiles as I take the glass. The girl’s arm drops and then both put their arms around me and hold on.
“Quite a party you have,” my voice devoid.
“I’m glad you came, Richard. Here you can be truly free; anything you want is yours, all you need do is take.”
“And what about the people I am taking from?”
She laughs. “My, well they are taking from someone else, it all comes out fair in the end. This is what life is about, Richard: happiness.” 
She waves an arm and a man dislodges himself from the wall and brings her a deep red drink. 
“And this is true happiness is it?”
“Of course. The freedom from the shackles, from the rules set down by pious men. You think that rules give you freedom? That they help you? They only help you be what society wants you to be.”
“Perhaps. But what about others, friends and family? Do I ignore them to be happy?”
Again she laughs. “Do you really think that they are looking out for you? When the hard times come, will they be there? Have they been there for you so far, Richard?”
I couldn’t help the pained look on my face as I thought about my family, about the life I was running from. Running to. 
She saw it. “Exactly, Richard. You have to look out for yourself, no one else is going to do it for you. Life is short, take what you can while you can, you know everyone else is doing the same.”
I swallowed my drink and one of my two girls refilled the glass. I thought about Layla and how she had left me, how I felt that she had used me for her own good times and then cast me aside when something else came along. How Charlie had left me too. And I thought about how Charlie had taken me around the city on that first day, how we had all tried to help Jess, how Madam Connolly helped the girls, tried to protect them till they were ready again for the world. I thought about Alice and how she had helped me. I thought of Mandy and her writing. Had they all used me to get what they wanted? Yes, they had and I had used them the same. I had been selfish, trying to get my life in order, but in doing so I had given out to others in order to get back what I needed and in doing so I had helped them and they had helped me. Perhaps our reasons were never pure, but perhaps it did not matter. And standing there I realised that in taking I received little, but by giving I got back more than I could need. 
I put my arms around the two girls, their flesh was strong, smooth and supple; lust ran through me, I could take these two girls now, do whatever I wanted to them, satisfy myself. 
Yes, there was the ‘right’ thing to do, but would I? could anyone, ever be truly happy with this give/take dynamic? You would spend the rest of your life giving in order to be happy, but what if someone take sand doesn’t give back? It only takes one person for the ideal to fall apart. There/then, in Eve’s room I could just take and be taken a fair and even balance.
Like Jess’ father. He took from her and never gave, but she upset the balance because she gave to others without taking for herself. Until she had ultimately taken the last thing she had. 
She upset the balance and that made her weak. Or did it make her strong? To accept that others would take from her, but never stop giving in the hope that there would be a new balance.  
“Whatever your pleasure,” Eve says as if reading my mind as she directs her mans face between her legs. She sighed. “Take them, Richard. And whoever else, whatever else. You no longer need ask for anything.” 
With one hand she drinks, the other holds the man’s head in position. 
I think of Alice again, what had she taken from me? What had she tried to give me? I thought about her question about why people are afraid of the dark, of the unknown, of that which is hard to understand.
“What I need cannot be taken, it has to be given.”
She throws her glass against the wall where it shatters glass over one of her men. He flinches not as glass rains. 
“Rubbish!” she shouts. “No one is ever prepared to give us what we need. Not for free. You have to take it. So take it!”
“No.”
“Oh, don’t be a pious fool, you’re a prisoner to your own device, just like anyone.”
“That is true, yes.”
I turn and walk out into the fresh air.
“RICHARD!”
I turn. “My name’s not Richard.”
“What?” genuinely confused.
“I guess I’m just a travelling man. And I may never find what I’m looking for, but I won’t stop. I won’t take the easy short term in lieu of a better long term.”
“Oh yes?” Mocking. “And what if you never find it? What if it doesn’t exist? Will you come crawling back?”
“If it doesn’t exist?” I look at my two girls, now just standing there arms hanging, their dead eyes somehow pleading and lust washes through me, the chance to take and in doing so forget. To cleanse myself in my own needs and desires. 
“They say it’s better to burn out than fade away,” I say, and before I turn, “Hey, hey, my, my,” and I grin a wicked grin at her.
I leave; my mind blank as I walk back through the hotel.

I popped the boot of my car and grabbed the can of gasoline I had drunkenly bought that afternoon, in truth I couldn’t quite remember buying it. I stood holding it and looked up at the night sky; the stars were out in their billions, active spectators of this passive game. I looked out over the dark desert and remembered wondering how there was a desert so close to a river and again remembered the shopkeeper telling me how the Indian Chief had spat on the ground cursing it to sand.
I walked back into the hotel, past the night-man who got out a ‘hey, there!’ before I was past and walking back up the stairs, gas spilling to the floor as I went. Back through the waiting rooms now empty of hopefuls and onto the balcony.
It was grotesque and arousing; they sloshed the wine and pulled at the meat. They groped each other and kissed and bit. A man seemed to be chewing on a woman’s breast while she thrust her tongue into another man’s mouth. Another man stood and forced his hard dick into a woman’s mouth full of wine, she in turn sucked it furiously as the man next to her bent his head into her lap. Another woman sat on a man’s lap and started to thrust while he tore at a leg of chicken. They didn’t even notice as I walked around the balcony, pouring gasoline over the side as I went, it spilled to the floor and over the tables and over the guests, I threw it far and wide, but their own lust for hedonism swept them along. They wanted what they could never have, freedom without chains, an end to desire, a satiation without cost, all around me they stabbed it with their steely knives, but they couldn’t kill the beast. No one can.
I walked back to Eve’s room still spilling gas.
“You’re back,” she was now standing in a purple silk dressing gown.
“Goodbye, Eve. I can only thank you for what you have given me, but it isn’t enough. Life can’t be taken, it is a gift from others, from the Earth, from God if you so believe.”
“Oh so now you are a ‘good’ person?” she snorted a laugh. “You think that by fire you will be purified? You think you don’t need me?”
“Not at all, you will always be part of me, without comparison there can be no choice, without bad there is no good. 
“I’m not a good man, no one truly is, we are all selfish in our own way, but in my desire perhaps I can give and find redemption.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it!” she screamed.
I shrugged. “Nevermind.”
“RICHARD!!”
I struck my Zippo and dropped it. The flames rose between us and I could see Eve merely standing there in the flames, the ticks on the faces of the men and women around her, secretly hoping for the command to run. 
As I walk back past the fountain the fiery gas waterfalls down into the garden where the boys continue to dance. 
Just one looked up at me, and in the smoke and flames it seemed as if he had my face, my eyes, my body dancing to remember and forget. 


Down the stairs and to the lobby, the flames crashing all around me.
“Relax,” warned the night-man, “we’ve been programmed to receive. You think you can checkout, but you cannot leave.”
 “Perhaps. But who knows?” I ask from the door.
“Vaya con Dios,” he said as the fire swallowed him.

I got into the car as the hotel lit up and I drove in a strange serenity. 
I’d never know what happened to Eve and her guests, whether they escaped or whether they continued to feast as the flames lapped around their twisted bodies. The drive passed by in seemingly no time at all, and yet as I got home the sun was beginning to rise. I walked up to my room and the house was dark and quiet. I stopped at my door and looked around; it didn’t just seem quiet, but empty, as if it hadn’t been lived in for years. I quickly packed all my belongings, surprisingly few I found, threw up all the alcohol still in my stomach and I got back into the car. 
With the motor idling I looked up at La Maison and in the dawn it seemed that there really was a blue glow emanating from it. I’d never know what happened to the residents, were they still there or was their purpose finished as the Eden Hotel burnt down? Had Maeve and Billy and all the rest found freedom now? Would the city finally find its rest? Be a good place to live? To settle? Not for me.
I drove off.

EPILOGUE - BEFORE



“And came here,” said the man and drank the rest of his White Russian. “So that’s my story.”
“Well, that is some story,” said the barman polishing a glass. He puts the glass down, gets another and pours a shot of whiskey into each. “Here’s to you.” 
They both down their drinks and the man gets up.
“How much do I owe you?” he asks.
“No, the story was payment enough.”
“Very well,” says the man and walks to the door.
“So do you really believe it?” the barman asks quietly.
“Believe what?”
“All that stuff about the curse and about you making a choice for good and saving the city. Do you really think life is like that? That there are answers in us all?”
The man laughs. “I don’t know. It all seems so fantastic, but I guess on a day to day level we all have choices to make and they, in turn, will effect the choices of those around us.”
“So you gonna go find this Layla?” asks the barman waving the left behind newspaper. 
The man stands at the door and looks down. Then he reaches into a pocket and pulls out a battered photo. On the back it has a stamp and address and reads ‘a reminder to come find me one day. Love C xxx’. He turns it over; the photo shows the man with a number of good looking women, along with an older couple. The man sits in the centre smiling with sad eyes. He looks over his shoulder at the barman and smiles.
“You know they say life is a journey and sometimes people find what they’re looking for and then they stay there, but some people they search for what they need and when they find it they realise that it wasn’t the thing they needed, but the journey to get it.” 
With that he leaves.

Outside it has stopped raining and the sun is breaking through the clouds. Before he steps back into the rush, the man looks back at the bar; it is boarded up and has obviously been closed for many years. The faded sign above the door says ‘Alice’s Bar’. 
The man smiles to himself, turns, and disappears into the crowds.
 



FIN
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Grahame ‘Dangerous’ Walker (1979 and still going strong…ish)

Born in London, he is a qualified Archaeologist, EFL/ESL teacher and High School Teacher of Geography, History, politics, economics and law.

And finds time to write novels. Geez, what a guy.

He had travelled the world as both a Teacher and Archaeologist, including time in the States, Libya and Thailand.

These days he lives in the West Australian bush with his wife and Lego collection.
And yes, he owns a whip and fedora…
WELCOME TO THE WALKERVERSE

WHAT IS THE WALKERVERSE?
The Walkerverse is the parallel Universes within which all my books reside. All these Universes are linked through portals, some fixed, some through the mysterious suitcase #11.
But it is also the wider context of the books: the Facebook pages, the blog, and the videos.

THE BOOKS
Each book is written to be read as a single story (or series), but there are overlaps so that the more books you read the more information you build of other stories.
Not only that, but they gradually build a bigger picture, a meta-narrative, a greater tale of good vs evil.

Find them here:

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DangerousWalker


FACEBOOK
Join the fun at: 
www.facebook.com/dangerous.w
or get news, updates and message the author at:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Walkerverse/220839738099078

THE BLOG
Like DVD extras this blog looks behind the books, the inspiration and the meanings behind them as well as thoughts on life and writing. Check it out here:
http://dangerouswalker.wordpress.com/

THE VIDEOS
“Extracts with Dangerous” is a series of (comedic) videos where the author reads extracts from his books as well as poems, songs and how to tie a bowtie.
Have a watch here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_wfTGLScjma4IxmF9nB0A

TWITTER
Get in touch here:
https://twitter.com/DangerousWalke1
