
Table of Contents
Table of Contents	2
Holy Smoke	5
Meg Smith	5
Her Leather Glove	13
Lindsay Luterman	13
Survivalist	21
Kevin Brown	21
Lamashtu's Milk	24
Joseph Hirsch	24
Kelder Church	32
Damien Allmark	32
PARASOMNIAC	43
Arika Pollock	43
BIRTH OF A KILLER	46
Phillip Frey	46
Porch Evenings	48
Mason Yates	48
Pareidolia	56
Sarah Jane Justice	56

DARK DOSSIER #54
THE MAGAZINE OF GHOSTS, ALIENS, MONSTERS, & KILLERS
Dark Dossier
Published by Dark Dossier Publishing, 2020.
While every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this book, the publisher assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from the use of the information contained herein.
DARK DOSSIER #54
First edition. December 30, 2020.
Copyright © 2020 Dark Dossier.
Written by Dark Dossier.
 
 
Holy Smoke
Meg Smith


Audrey has her own ideas about history, and about witchcraft.
She bought me a pentagram on a chain. I wear it because I love her and because she is my best friend.
She got it at a store in Salem. She loves Salem.
We went there together, one weekend. This is what happened.
"I want to see the House of the Seven Gables," I said. "There's a garden full of cats and you know you'll like that."
"I don't need to go to Hawthorne's house to see cats,” She said. “You’ve seen that feral colony behind my building." Then, “Of course I’ll love it, Jen. Hawthorne was hot.”
We were both about to round the curve toward 30. If doors started to close in our lives, we’d kick them open—and keep laughing.
We walked on, near the waterfront. The salt of the sea hung warm and thick in the air.
Audrey cast about, as if she had heard someone call her name.
"I just wondered," she said, vaguely, almost whispering, plaintively.
Before I could ask, she said, "Did they do it here."
"Do what?"
"Burn them."
Then I realized what she meant. "They didn't burn them, Aud. They were hanged. And Salem wasn't Salem. Most of those people were from Danvers."
It was mid- September. In a few weeks, the streets would be filled with tourists, some of them on a pilgrimage. To find "real" witches. To feel a part of something sacred, or hidden in plain sight.
"It's in all the books,” I said. They were hanged. Burning was stopped by then."
She sputtered her incredulous sputter.
I said, "You know some of them were men, right, it wasn't only women."
More sputtering.
We had taken a room at a bed and breakfast. The Witch's Lantern, it was called.
It was quaint, but as far as I can tell, it wasn't any kind of landmark. No witches or their lanterns were ever here.
It doesn't matter, I kept telling myself. What matters is having a fun weekend with Audrey.
I closed my eyes. My jaw clenched so hard, it clicked.
I stumbled on the step, on the way up to our room.
Audrey caught my arm. "Don't think about it," she said.
I sighed, as if expelling a demon, which basically, I was. I touched the pentagram again with one hand, and used the other to steady myself against the railing.
She touched my shoulder. Not for the first time, she said, "Jen. You're safe now."
We went on, in silence, to the room.
We went to dinner that night, a cute place, with a patio for eating outdoors. The perfect night for dining outside, actually. Temperate—a trace of late summer, with autumn beckoning.
Stringed lights twinkled, and a slight early autumn breeze stirred, cajoling them.
The flicker played shadows across Audrey's face.
"They really didn't burn them," I said.
"That was out of nowhere," she said.
"Sorry,” I said. “The light—made me think of flame."
There were, not unexpectedly, lots of people, women, younger and older, dressed in velvety black, with long skirts, and even conical, witchy hats.
“It’s like a Stevie Nicks convention,” I whispered, and I smiled.
“Don’t make fun,” Audrey admonished.
“I’m not. You know I like Stevie Nicks.”
She gazed around at the black velvet dresses and hats, and I saw her face glow with an easy triumph. Her smile of approval said clearly, “We won.”  
Hey,” I said. All this talk of witchy black dresses was making me feel warm, and itchy. “Let’s walk down by the water. I think it will help me,” I said. “You know, to clear my head.”
Audrey said, “I get it. Yeah, sure, let’s go.”
There was a moon in the sky, looking to me like a luminous cookie, with a nibble on one side.
Maybe I just think about food too much. I try to lose weight, and then images of cakes and pies abound, on Earth, and in the skies.
“I think you are about to turn 30, and too old to worry what people think of you,” came Audrey’s unbidden pronouncement. It does freak me, a little bit—she can seem to see what I am thinking.
But, maybe that’s just because we’re so close.
We were standing at the docks.
The dim chatter and laughter of witches and would-be witches echoed distantly. But here, a strange quiet prevailed. That pie-moon reflected on the water, shattered into a million little pie moons.
“Waxing Gibbous,” Audrey said, more to the night sky and the water, than to me.
For a second, I thought she was pronouncing a spell. “Really, Audrey, here, now?” I said. “Why?”
“Jen. It’s a phase of the moon.”
“I guess we’re safe,” I said. “Weird stuff only happens on the full moon, right?”
But I touched my pentagram, again.
Audrey took on a new light of her own.
She was hearing a colorful top and jeans—looking like the ordinary graduate student that she was. Yet she looked more witchy than any of the black velvet crowd.
I knew that the people convicted of witchcraft in Salem were hanged, not burned, except one guy who had a pile of stones put on top of him.
But there was a reason Audrey kept bringing up fire. There was a reason we came to Salem that went beyond pentagrams, or pointy hats, getting a tarot card reading.
The memories came back to me as they sometimes did, in a weird progression—as if one incident led to another, which it didn’t.
My mom recalls the time she awoke and found me, excited about turning 3, standing on a stepladder and singing “Happy Birthday” to myself—with all four gas burners going on the stove.
After all that, you’d think I would not have ended up in a relationship with someone who likes fires. He wrote plays, or what he thought were plays.
He wanted to write a play about Joan of Arc. I told him, “Seriously? What do you know about some poor girl who tries to save her country and ends up burned at the stake?”
This was before I opened the fridge and saw, absurdly, that a bottle of rum was in there, but empty.
I felt a tight knot of pain in my scalp as he grabbed my hair, screaming, “we’ll try some method acting, then!” I felt a flash of heat near my face. He had a lighter.
I flailed around, still holding the rum bottle with a very sweaty hand. I wish I could say I brought it down on his stupid, shitty-play filled head, but instead I got a thunky smack across his nose.
“Oh,” he moaned, and crumpled to the floor, as if acting out a Shakespearean death scene.
I stopped telling my woman friends, because I got a lot of responses beginning with, “I would have done this,” or, “You should have done that.”
Except from Audrey.
Far from turning into a kick-ass Amazon warrior princess, the whole thing left me shaken inside.
My answer was to become best at everything—except relationships. I mostly steered clear of them. And I steered clear of the “You should have” friends.
The problem was, the feeling of fire never left.
One day, I held up my hand to admire a self-administered manicure—and little flames seemed to pop out of each, coral-colored nail, one by one.
I ran to the sink and turned on the tap, and then stood there, foolishly, with cold water gushing over my ruined nail polish.
And this kind of thing would just happen sporadically. I was reading a book, and—yeah, you can probably guess. Flames started shooting from the center of the open pages.
My mind did not say, “That there is a fine hallucination.” Instead, I grabbed a convenient, open bottle of wine on the nightstand, and dumped it all over the book.
I closed my eyes, opened them again, and looked out at the dark water. The sea, the sea...out there, on the dark, night horizon beneath the waxing Gibbous moon, lay the sea.
“Ah!” I said aloud. “Okay, Miss Marple—I see where you’re going with this mystery!”
You think Audrey would have been startled, but she just smiled. “I really didn’t think it was a mystery.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me?” I asked, with some of the giddy, burning-book laugh returning.
“I did,” she said, earnestly. “I said you needed to come here!”
“No, you wanted to see witches,” I insisted. “I wanted to see Nathaniel Hawthorne.”
Now there was a good-looking writer, and a real novelist and short story genius.
And I’m pretty sure Hawthorne never set his wife or kids on fire, even if he wasn’t exactly a model family man.
“There’s only one way you’re gonna stop thinking about that creep,” said Audrey. “And it’s not running to the ghost of Hawthorne.”
“I think I’m entitled,” I said.
“I think it’s time to get serious,” she said.
I blinked my eyes, when the first plume of fire appeared.
It was Joan of Arc. Of course it was.
She wasn’t tied to a stake, just walking, like an angel with wings of fire. Her slender body was graceful, her head, with her short, soldier’s hair, was almost pixie-like.
If she could see, I could not tell, because in place of her eyes were coal-dark cavities, pools of night air, really.
If the witches of Salem had not burned, there were plenty others who were—men, women, even children, and a baby floating free from inside his mother’s abdomen, like a child in space, moored by his umbilical cord.
He was plump, and his fat little hands were filled with flames, like gathered wildflowers.
There were girls with long skirts, flames trailing from the hems, and from their arms.
And some of them carried something in their arms. At first, it looked like rolled-up bundles of cloth, or rag, also wrapped in flames.
I felt faint. I recognized them.
It was the women, and girls, and men, of the Triangle factory fire. Those who had been trapped in that shirtwaist factory to die in the inferno were carrying the broken bodies of those who had jumped from the windows to escape the flames.
It was then I realized that an army of people in flames was crossing the water—yes, walking on the water, which reflected the flames back to them.
The heat was scorching my face, and tears began to flow.
My jaw began to chatter, my teeth making a horrible, clattering sound.
“Mmm-mighty fuck,” I said, grabbing Audrey’s arm. What are they doing?”
Audrey said, “I really don’t know,” and she sounded truly astonished. She felt cool—completely untouched.
“Dammit, Aud, you summoned, them, or whatever you did—“
“Jen—I didn’t do anything,” she insisted, almost yelling.
She grabbed my chin and turned my face to her face, angry, knotted, and ablaze with the fire’s light. “You did!”
I shrank from her grasp—but I knew she was right.
The thing is, none of these walking conflagrations seemed angry or distressed.
It was like they were just living those last moments of their lives, not harming or saving anyone—just gliding over the water’s surface, which now mirrored a beautiful covering of flames.
The Gibbous moon above them seemed to blush with the flames, through a bough of smoke, through which we could see, faintly, burning stars.
I heard Audrey, but she sounded far away.
I turned back to see the gathering—all those lovely denizens in velvet gowns, some with hats and brooms, all clustered at the dock, some with tears on their faces.
Some muttering to clasped hands, some with hands and faces raised skyward. As if praying, or uttering an incantation.
Whether it was just to witness what they thought was a sacred site, or to save us, I do not know.
But as my burning brothers and sisters surrounded me, and I realized we were all retreating now from the shore, under the smoke-blanketed sky and the hazy moon, I realized—this can’t happen.
I couldn’t just go into the flames, with the apparitions of those who died such terrible deaths.
They had all forced me to look at my fear, and even gave me a safety net—the water—and I neither drowned, nor burned.
I have never once, in my entire life, presumed to have anything like supernatural powers, and never wanted them.
I didn’t even know if I had it then. Well, I somehow conjured those whole sparking, fury apparition, so maybe, I did.
I opened my mouth to speak.
But the flames were growing taller—and the congregation of velvet girls, and most of all, Audrey, now sobbing, reaching out to me, helplessly—were disappearing.
I was crying, too. I could think of only one place I’d ever heard of that was all flames, all the time, and it wasn’t pleasant, and the guy who ran it had a pitchfork and was a jerk.
I drew in a breath, feeling the heat blaze within my lungs. “Okay, listen. If you can.”
My voice quaked.
“You are all free. You didn’t deserve this death, none of you did. You freed me, so I am freeing you.”
Could they see, hear, feel, and think? If they were dead, probably not. But if only my own creation, then, maybe.
The water shocked me with its cold, black grip, and the moon shone above, brightly, clearly, and indifferent, disappearing bit by bit in its waxing course.
Pulled up on the docks by some burly, kind men speaking Portuguese, I sputtered, “Obrigado,” the only Portuguese word I actually know. There was some disgusting, tarry sediment in my mouth and I spat it ungraciously into the water.
I did not come back to the world of the living wiser or more enlightened.
I came back to the same struggles at work, in my friendships, at work, everywhere in my life where I had left them.
I did not come back with any great psychic insight, or ability to see the future, or to start or put out fires or summon burning women just by thinking of them.
Audrey remained as good a friend as ever. She wrestled with her own problems—her doubts about her graduate thesis, her battles with her mother—including pulling her mother from the brink of an investment scam.
I started to volunteer at a shelter for battered women. I even told my story to the residents.
Not the story of the army of flames—that would have gotten me kicked off the rolls, for sure. I told them about my real-life altercation, and my incarcerated, failed playwright.
One woman said I was inspiring.
So, there’s that.
I no longer imagined flames popping up on my fingertips, or in books, or devouring beds or buildings.
I did have fleeting thoughts of my ex, lying in bed, suddenly igniting, with help arriving too late. I know “forgiving” is the best thing, but I won’t pretend that this image doesn’t encroach now and again.
On such days, I go home, and at night, light a candle, and stare into its single, fragile flame.
One of the cats in the feral colony outside Audrey’s building had kittens.
I adopted one, but then I couldn’t bear to separate it from its two littermates, so now I have three sibling cats. They enjoy food as much as I do.
I remembered Audrey saying that when witches were burned—whenever they were burned—cats were sometimes burned with them.
When I light a candle, and stare at it, with my feline brood around me, I say aloud, “You’re all safe. You got me.”
We stare into the candle light. After a while, they close their eyes.


  

END
Her Leather Glove
Lindsay Luterman


Blood.
That was the first thing he registered. The thick crimson liquid was everywhere, making a pool around her dark hair. Her body sat at an odd angle. One hand lay on her stomach and the other rested on the floor. Her dark skin was rather pale now; all of the life in her had faded.
Her blue t-shirt and her favorite pair of torn jeans were now soaked in red. It appeared as if she had three eyes. There were the two eyes that he would stare into and find himself hopelessly in love: those big beautiful brown eyes with loads of feeling. He could always read her emotions just by looking into her irises.
But not anymore.
Now, he stared into her half-open eyes and found them lifeless. As for the third eye, it sat in between the others. This eye was new. It wasn’t there only moments ago. This eye was the opposite of life.
It was what took life away.
This eye caused her death. 
Aaron Marrik slowly let his eyes move away from her body and they traveled down along the floor. There was blood everywhere. It covered her.
Looking around him, Aaron found portions of shattered mirror on the wooden floor. His ears rung loudly. The cracked, wooden railing of their staircase was in pieces on the ground. In front of his feet sat a slightly torn, leather glove. He slowly bent down, feeling his legs shake beneath him as he lifted the glove from the floor. The leather was cool on his hand. It felt nice.
In his other hand, he held a small, black revolver. 
...

Officer Warson stepped out of his car, quickly rushing up to the crime scene. He left the lights on the top of his car flashing brightly. “What do we have?” he asked his partner, Jimmy Belx. 
A woman next door heard the screaming. A man and a woman. There were two gunshots, and then the noise stopped,” Belx explained and Officer Warson nodded. “She heard the whole thing.”
Warson traced his fingers over his chest. “And where is she now?” he asked.
Belx motioned to the house next door. Snipers were climbing all over the surrounding balconies, holding up large, automatic weapons, and commanding surrounding crowds to get back into their houses.
“I want to speak to her,” Warson said.
Belx took out his walky-talky, mumbling orders into it.
A few minutes later, a short and stout woman was being ushered outside. Her eyebrows pressed down to her eyes. Her bleached blond hair was rolled into curlers and her pink house-robe was being held tightly around her with her hands; her knuckles were turning white and she shivered in the autumn air.
Officer Warson met her at the front steps of the small town house. “Ma’am,” he said, reaching forward to shake her hand. “I’m Officer Stephen Warson and I would like to ask you a few questions.”
“Of course,” the woman sighed. “I’ll tell you anything.”
“Can you start from the beginning and tell me what you heard?”
“Oh yes. You see, I was practically asleep in my bed. I had just finished tucking my daughter in. She had been so restless. I was finally about to get some shut-eye when I heard a yell. A man and a woman, screaming at one another. I couldn’t make out anything they were saying. It just went on and on. Then finally, I heard a loud boom. Mrs. Marrik screamed, ‘What are you going to do? Shoot me?’ And there was another gunshot, and then there was silence.”
Officer Warson nodded slowly and made a note on the pad of paper that he always kept in his pocket. “Somebody get me the Marriks’ number,” he commanded.
He traced his finger slowly over his chest again. “Stephen?” Belx’s voice sounded out. Warson snapped back into action and grasped the phone number that his partner was handing to him. “You okay?”
“Fine,” Warson insisted.
...
​
“Sorry,” she gasped, stepping out of her car. “Oh I’m so sorry! Are you hurt?”
Aaron looked up and his eyes met two big brown eyes. “No, it was my fault,” he responded in a raspy, uneasy voice. “Besides, it was nothing. Just a small bumper collision.” She giggled softly. “But it was my fault for not putting on my blinkers. I’m sorry-”
“Calliope.”
Aaron bent down to retrieve her purse and handed it back to her. He then shook her hand. “Aaron.”
“Well it’s nice to meet you Aaron.”
She smiled widely and Aaron forgot how to breathe.
He opened his eyes and let the memory fade away to oblivion; he turned to the pieces of mirror on the floor and picked one up. He peered at his own reflection in the fractal. One dark eye stared back at him. 
He grasped the mirror harder when the phone rang and the edge of it sliced his finger. Blood dripped down it and landed in a drop on the floor next to the puddle of blood that surrounded her body.
He let the phone ring until it stopped, and he shut his eyes again, listening to the everpresent silence as the echo of the gunshot ran through his mind over and over and over... 
...

“He didn’t answer,” Warson sighed. 
Belx jogged over to him and quickly filled him in on the information he had collected. “Aaron Marrik, 37 years old. Both parents are dead. Calliope Marrik, 35 years old. Father was never in the picture. Mother recently passed away. The couple was married ten years ago. He’s a therapist and she works as a school teacher. No one recognized anything out of the ordinary with the two of them. They were always nice, but they mostly kept to themselves,” Belx read from the paper he had jotted it down on. “She’s out in the garden often and he gets home later in the day from work most days.”
Warson nodded and trailed a finger over his chest. He noticed Belx staring and moved his hand to scratch his chest instead. 
“Honestly,” Belx sighed. “If you can’t handle this case, I understand.”
“I’m fine,” Warson insisted. “Stop asking me.”
...

He ran in through the door of the hospital room, breathing had and fast.
“Aaron,” she whispered from the bed, and her big brown eyes filled with tears. “I lost it,” she whispered, holding her hands over her belly. “Her.”
He walked to her slowly, mouth agape, and she fell into his arms and started to cry.
The phone rang again and Aaron turned and stared at it, unsure if he should answer it. Without thinking, he lifted it and held it to his ear. When he said nothing, a voice on the other line said, “Mr. Marrik? Is that you?”
He didn’t know that voice. He’d never heard it before.
He said nothing.
“Aaron, my name is Officer Warson. We know what you did. If you come out right now, we won’t harm you. We just want to talk, find out what happened.”
Aaron placed the phone down on the receiver.
...

“He hung up. He listened but he hung up,” Warson said to Belx.
“What were you expecting?” Belx demanded. “That almost never works, and you know it.”
Warson sighed heavily, looking back and forth. “Find me more information,” he instructed. “Anything that could have set either of them off.”
“Sure,” Belx agreed and disappeared to do what he was ordered to.
...
​
“Where are you going?” he asked, stopping Calliope before she could walk out the front door.
“To work.”
“You won’t stay home? Not even after what happened?”
“Well what am I going to do? End my life because of the loss?”
He grabbed her arm. “Calliope, you know that’s not what I’m talking about.”
“If you want to stay home from work then that is your choice. But I need to be distracted. And you aren’t helping.”
Aaron wrapped his arms around her tightly. “Please,” he begged. “Just take it easy.” 
She held her arms out in front of her and stared at the bandages wrapped around them. Tears were in her eyes. “It’s your fault that I have to deal with this,” she whispered. “You should have let me go.”
“Calliope-
“Aaron! Get off!” Calliope shrieked and threw her elbow into his stomach.
He released her and she ran out the front door, slamming it behind her.
...
Warson leaned against his car, listening to the approaching footsteps of his partner. “Really,” Belx said. “Stephen, go home. We’ll find someone else for this case. You can’t handle it. I understand.”
“Belx would you stop,” Warson begged but he froze when he found Belx staring at his fingers which were idly tracing over his chest. “Look, I let her go okay?”
“But they were a married couple which makes you think of her,” Belx sighed. “Look Stephen, it’s okay to miss her.” Warson didn’t look up from his fingers. “You may have let her go but you loved her.”
“Please back off,” Warson begged. “I’m trying to be professional and you are making it awfully hard!”
Belx looked down again and sighed. “Then stop touching the spot.”
Warson looked down again at his chest and dropped his hand to his side. “Sometimes I don’t even know I’m doing it okay?”
“She was very brave,” Belx finally sighed. 
Warson looked away, shaking his head slowly. “I’m gonna call again and try to get through to him.”
...

The phone rang again and Aaron closed his hand around it, pausing for a long second before he lifted it to his ear.
“Mr. Marrik,” the voice on the other end said. “It is Officer Warson again. “Please come outside.”
Aaron closed his eyes again.
“I said I’m sorry about yesterday!”
“What do you want from me?” Calliope hissed. “I am trying to make it better! This wasn’t just yesterday! It’s been going on for a long time! It’s time to let me go Aaron!”
“Calliope, you need to let go. This isn’t healthy anymore.”
“I’ll let go of you.”
Calliope pulled a suitcase out from their closet and began to throw her clothes into it. Her shaky fingers tore through the lace of one of her shirts. “Calliope,” Aaron warned, swallowing the lump in his throat. “Maybe we should take you back.”
“I won’t go back!” Calliope shrieked. “Aaron, don’t make me go back.”
“It’s here or there. You can’t go anywhere else.”
“Watch me!”
She pulled on the leather gloves that Aaron had gotten her for her birthday. Aaron went to grab her hand and a glove tore. Calliope pulled her hand away and yanked off the glove, throwing it at Aaron. He sighed and picked it up as she ran.
“You’re supposed to love me!” Calliope shouted. “You’re supposed to be on my side!”
“You know I love you,” Aaron told her, his voice calm and even. “You need to calm down Calliope. We’ll work this out.”
Aaron eyed the drawer next to their bed and, without thinking, ran for it before Calliope could, collecting the gun they kept in there. Calliope shrieked and turned, running into the hallway. She was heading towards the front door. 
“Stop!”
“No,” Calliope sobbed. “I’m sorry.”
Aaron tried to stop her, grasping her arm. Calliope pushed him hard in his chest and he tried to hold her still against the wall to stop her. She bumped into a mirror, knocking it to the ground. She had bought it when they first bought the house. “We’ll get through it,” Aaron promised as Calliope began to shake with sobs and leaned forwards into Aaron’s grasp. “I love you and we’ll get through this.”
Tears fell into his eyes and he kissed her forehead.
...
The line hung up on the other line and Warson threw down his own phone. “Calm down,” Belx told him.
“I don’t understand it!” Warson yelled. “He had her and she died! She didn’t have to! Neither of them had to!”
“Stephen!” Belx hissed, grabbing Warson’s hand. His other hand was touching that spot on his chest. “Who are you talking about? Marrik? Or you?”
Warson held back tears. “It was a clear shot,” he whispered. “I was wearing a vest. I would have healed easily. It would’ve been a bruise. She should have known. She wasn’t thinking...”
“She was scared,” Belx sighed. “And you would have done the same thing if it was her standing behind the bullet. She did it because she saw the gun aimed at you and she loved you. She didn’t have time to think about logistics. It was a freak accident Stephen. It wasn’t your fault.”
Warson looked away and sighed deeply. “It’s never anybody’s fault. Ain’t that right Jimmy?”
He moved his hand off his chest and wiped away a tear that he hadn’t been able to hold back. He carefully took his cracked phone into his hand and redialed the number.
There was breathing on the other line. He could sense the fear, the pain. “I get it,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “I do. We just want to help. Please come outside.”
...

Aaron’s hand was shaking as he held the phone and closed his eyes.
She had finally stopped crying and she pulled back, staring up at him with big, red, sorry eyes.
“Calliope?” Aaron whispered.
“You’re right. We’re meant to be together,” she whispered and he felt her hand trailing down his arm towards the leather glove he still held in his hand. “As a family.”
When she grasped his other hand, he froze. She had her palm on top of the revolver. “Calliope, let go,” Aaron said slowly and firmly.
“She needs us,” Calliope whispered. “She needs her parents. We can be with her.”
Aaron’s other hand slowly let the glove fall to the ground and he lifted Calliope’s hand so she could see her wrist. The bandage was falling off and he could see the stitched wound underneath. “Look,” Aaron said, holding her wrist high. “Remember? No more of that. That’s why you had to stay at the hospital.”
“I will not go back there!” Calliope hissed through clenched teeth.
“You don’t have to,” Aaron reminded her. “Just let go of the gun.”
“No,” Calliope gasped. “No! We have to do it! She needs her parents Aaron! She’s all alone!”
Calliope tried to yank the gun free of Aaron’s hand and he fought back to pull it away. She yanked harder and harder and he finally released the gun by accident when her body slammed into his chest. She held the revolver up and shakily shot it in Aaron’s direction, just missing him and hitting the railing of the staircase instead. She screamed at the sound of the gunshot and tears fell down her cheeks. The old wood gave out under the impact and collapsed to the floor. Aaron stood there, breathing heavily, and slowly began to walk forwards towards his wife. “Please,” he begged. “Just give me the gun.”
He held his hand out in between the two of them, his other hand held in the air so she knew he wouldn’t hurt her. Calliope shook as she extended the gun out in front of her and she began to cry slowly. “Just give me the gun,” Aaron repeated. “And we’ll get through this.”
Aaron’s hand closed around the gun and Calliope still had a grip on it as well. “Let go,” Aaron whispered. “Let go.”
Something flashed in Calliope’s eyes and she turned the gun quickly, pointing it towards her own head. “Go ahead,” she whispered, holding both of her hands on the gun.
Aaron tried to pull it free. “Calliope don’t!” he begged. “Please!”
“Aaron,” she whimpered. “You know this is right.”
“It’s not,” Aaron hissed.
Calliope smiled jarringly. “It needs to be done. You have the gun. Now what are you going to do with it?”
“Calliope! Don’t do this! I love you!”
“What are you going to do?” she shrieked. “Shoot me!”
She pushed his finger back and forced it to release the trigger.
Aaron looked down at the revolver in his hand. “Come inside,” he whispered into the phone and dropped it, turning to stare at Calliope and her beautiful, lost face.
...

Everyone froze at the third gunshot. The snipers held their weapons up from a distance. Eventually the door had to be blown open. Officer Warson pulled out his own gun and examined the scene in front of him as he slowly walked inside. Belx called him back, but he didn’t listen.
The house was a mess. A mirror was shattered and a railing was broken to pieces. A stray bullet lay on the ground. Apart from that, he examined the house behind it. It was old. The paint was peeling from the walls, but there were pictures hanging up of a happy couple, smiling and kissing, holding each other on a wedding day. There was a living room broken off from the hallway with a rocking chair and an unfinished knitted scarf. A book sat next to it with a fabric bookmark inside of it. All of this was apparent at first glance.
But then Warson focused on the scene right in front of him. His eyes landed on the man and woman that were surrounded in blood. They each had bullet holes in their head. She wore one glove and he held the other in his hand. Aaron Marrik’s other hand had landed on top of his wife’s. 
Survivalist
Kevin Brown


SMITH, JEFFREY G. GENERAL Infantry. Grunt. Front Liner. Short-Timer. Mean Green Killing Marine, Oorah! I’m with 3rd Platoon Alpha Team. Or maybe it’s Charlie Company 1st Battalion, 20th Infantry Regiment. There’s been so many it’s hard to keep straight.
Platoon’s at base camp, around a fire that pops like bones in the desert air. Men’s faces tiger-striped in shadow, they’re every face of every soldier of every war ever fought. Shell-shocked and battle-rocked. Tired, hungry. Ready to die or go home.
Next to me, Rodriguez says, “Pinche frio.” He cups his hands to his mouth and blows. Slips them under his armpits. Just a kid. Getting a diploma, then getting orders. Same acne on his forehead he had at Prom.
I sip from my canteen. Lick the trickle from my chin before anyone sees.
Sergeant Bailey is crouched above a map spread lumpy over the sand. He runs his finger over satellite imagery of wracked streets and bullet-torn buildings. I remember sitting in groups like this in the wilds of Virginia, studying hand-drawn maps made by Union scouts. Or being huddled around stick lines in the snow during the Campaign of 1812.
Bailey points and says, “We’ll enter here at sun-up.” A few men nod. A couple yawn. Rodriguez rubs his hands together and jams them between his thighs. “Expect heavy resistance,” Bailey says, “and do not allow civilians to approach.” His finger tapping a crater into the map, into the area most of these men will die tomorrow, he says, “Assume they’re armed with explosives.”
I think of the blood, and my jaw squares off and pops. My palate hurts.
“Pinche frio,” Rodriguez says, and starts to rock.
In my sleep, nightmares timeline by. Locations and people, languages and weapons change, but the hunger’s constant. Like war itself, needing blood to quench the thirst. There’s the child’s head wound I had to drink from during the Son My Massacre at My Lai. And me as a Nazi soldier at Auschwitz, looking like a death camp prisoner because I could not bring myself to feed off the slaughtered. There’s the First Crusade, in the Siege of Maarat, watching cannibalism on a scale even I couldn’t imagine. And my hands trembling in the belly of the Trojan Horse at Troy, my stomach cavity cramping...
With the land rolling toward the sun, we move in and along where the Sergeant’s finger had slid over the map. Fanning out in formation. Rodriguez behind me, repeating the Lord’s Prayer, while I shake and convulse. 
Breaths and silence.
I know it’s coming.
Before any sound, flicks of dust kick up in a spray around us. Men drop for cover. Screaming. Cries of pain. The sounds of bullets ricocheting off brick. Firing back, a few double over. Rodriguez turns to run and I scream, “No!” Yell, “Rodriguez, stop!” But a shot catches him in the throat. I grab his collar, trying to drag him out of the line of fire, and there’s an explosion in my face. The sounds go muffled, and my features feel like tousled hair.
This has happened before—arrows through the guts. Doused in steaming water from wall tops. Split in half through seams in chainmail. You never get used to it.
As quick as it came apart, my skull begins to reform. Bones reattach. Ligaments merge. Tissue fibers latch and hold. Skin gels to skin in purple welts that centipede across my face and get smaller, smaller, then gone.
I sit up. Look around. No one’s watching. 
I grab Rodriguez and drag him around a hollowed out building. Hold him in my lap. His life, my life, draining out of him.
“Jesus, Rodriguez,” I say, and think: Pinche frio.
Cupping my hands, I slurp from the wound. Unscrew my canteen cap. Fill it to the brim.
To need what I need to live, war is perfect. War gives me permission. It’s a contradiction, where men are captured for freedom. Where they die for life. It’s bloodlust greater than mine. And it comes every few years without exception.
Mother Earth’s menstrual cycle.
I stand and rejoin the battle. I am what I am—do what I have to. Like the Donner Party. The lion that eats its own. It’s not monstrous. Not murder. It’s survival. Just survival.



BIO:
Kevin Brown has had Fiction, Non-fiction and Poetry published in over 100 Literary Journals, Magazines and Anthologies. Brown has won numerous writing competitions and fellowships, and was nominated for multiple prizes and awards, including three Pushcart Prizes. He co-wrote the film Living Dark: The Story of Ted the Caver that recently sold to New Films International, and collaborated on a television pilot with Linda Bloodworth (creator of Designing Women).
Lamashtu's Milk
Joseph Hirsch


“Deputies have confirmed
 that accused spree killer Jason Urban was transferred to the Akron Detention Center in the dead of night two days ago and has been held there in segregation in a highly secure wing of the prison since then. Speaking on condition of anonymity, a representative of the ODC dispelled the rumor that this meant Urban might be charged as an adult. Says the source, ‘As heinous as the crimes to which he confessedare, seventeen is the legal age for the state of Ohio to try someone as an adult. Jason Urban is only fourteen years-old, and despite the magnitude of the crimes with which he has been charged, he is still only a minor in the eyes of the law.’ The same source further clarified, ‘He has been transferred because the Ohio Department of Juvenile Corrections facilities are not as well-equipped to deal with a high profile case like this one. Or with an inmate like young Mr. Urban.’
-Item, Scioto County Register, May 5th
Prisons came in two flavors. They could be high-tech, built according to the latest principles of penology and outfitted with the newest ballistic shock shields and all kinds of newfangled nonlethal toys. Or they could be underfunded throwbacks with vault-like heavy doors that could last another thousand years but had sally ports that looked like they could be tripped by a wily con with a shoelace. The Akron Detention center was very much the latter kind, a medieval fortress where the screams were constant but muffled. The violence didn’t just hang in the air, but seemed to seep into the cement cladding the walls and iron bars in the prison cells.
The interviewer was let onto the closed block by two big-bellied guards with black DOC ball caps. They carried the weight of a crude authority along with their literal heft, like baseball umpires calling a game in hell.
They glanced at him, keeping their shotguns at the port-arms position, as if they held halberds in their hands and were sentries telling him he could not pass. The glances turned to scowls when they looked closer at his laminated nametape, noticed that his press pass was from a respectable outfit rather than a scandal sheet.
It was always like this, Steven had noticed. When the guards heard there was media on the compound, their eyes grew alert and guts got sucked in. They’d go all Cool Hand Luke, striking poses in the towers behind their mirrored shades up on the catwalks. They hoped to be featured in the docs, or to at least make b-roll so they could point themselves out to family when the episode aired on TV.
Print was different, though. Print was usually less salacious, and even worse, journalism of the exposé variety, usually about abuses by the bulls and the saintly suffering of the cons. The guards’ eyes said it all as they took in Kent Dinsmore: liberal media douche.
He accepted the stigma that came with his job, remained polite even in the face of the guard’s “This way,” so terse he somehow fitted two words into one compact syllable.
Kent followed them down the row of cells with doors like submarine bulkheads, tiny squares of smudged bulletproof glass letting the desperate-eyed cons watch the activity on the tier. Each of the cells had what looked like a small Judas gate at waist level on the doors. He would be conducting his interview with Jason through this small slit just large enough for a tray of cold, greasy food to get shoved through.
“Stop.” The guards halted and the assorted manacles, cudgels, and self-defense sprays on their utility belts rattled in time.
Kent stopped, waited for the guard on the left to use the ancient unwieldy key on the rusted lock.
“This is noncontact.”
Kent nodded. “Do you have a chair I can sit in?”
“No.”
Accommodating. He remained standing. He had no choice. The slit on the door opened outward, speckled with an oxidized rust that looked like ancient blood. The guard stepped back after opening the port. Kent leaned down. His physical discomfort no doubt pleased the guards.
“Jason?” He looked through the hole, feeling like a zoo-goer at an exotic reptile’s enclosure.
Animal in a cage.
He fought the first flush of sympathy as it coursed through him. This boy had shot seven people with his father’s Bushmaster AR-15, killing four civilians and seriously wounding one at a Fourth of July Parade. And this was after slitting his father’s throat with a butcher knife and stabbing his mother more than fifty times in the chest. There had been so many points of entry on her that several wounds overlapped and had widened into a single gash that made separating one knife strike from another a forensic nightmare.
This was Jason’s first official interview, though, and Kent wanted to hear it from him. But first he had to appear.
Kent gazed through the square space, seeing the far cell wall and a steel toilet spot-welded to an old cast iron plate, ancient metal fused to even older iron.
Eyes appeared at the slit, so intense Kent was convinced they weren’t attached to a face. They were just disembodied orbs swimming like the ones Polidori beheld in place of a woman’s nipples that opium-drenched night a couple hundred years ago at the country estate where Mary Shelly wrote Frankenstein. Or like the eyes in the old Billy Idol video.
They were reptile eyes in that small square-shaped port, at once alert and lifeless, eyes intent on survival but open and unblinking. They hungered but held no curiosity. Jason’s nose was thin, more hatchet-like than aquiline, his teeth clenched in a vicious, resolute set.
“Thirty minutes.”
Kent gave only the slightest nod to the guard. He tilted his head to get a better angle on Jason.
“I’m Kent Dinsmore, from-”
“Shut up,” Jason said. “Thirty minutes isn’t much time.”
Kent kept quiet. Now was not the time for pride.

“MY DAD WAS IN OIFS One through Four.”
Kent nodded. Operation Iraqi Freedom.
“He knocked up my mom right before he deployed the last time.” Jason had a thin, quavering voice that went with his willowy frame and narrow features. It was the voice of someone who had been bullied hard at home and at school, but there was a vicious undertone if the quaver was parsed. There was resolution beneath the tinny uncertain warble, as if the fear of being weak and preyed upon had turned him into someone who preyed in preemption.
Thomas squinted. “I thought you were born when he came back?”
“I was.” He smiled, showed eyeteeth tapering to vampiric points. “It was a miscarriage, Jenda’s third.”
Probably not a good sign that he called his mother by her name rather than “Mom.” But it was too late to look for signs anyway. He had already started shooting.
“He was stationed at Tallil Airbase. You know where that is?”
Kent nodded. He had never done embed work, but he had friends who had. He followed the war from the heady optimistic days with the toppling of the bronze Saddam in Firdos Square on into the disastrous denouement, when the coalition and everything else collapsed.
“The last time he was stationed near the Ziggurat of Ur, down south.” Jason sneered. There wasn’t much to distinguish it from his smile. Jason turned around in his cell for a brief moment, showing ears that tapered to bat-like, vorpal edges, sharp counterpoints to the vampire teeth. “The Americans built a Pizza Hut less than a mile from a temple that had been there since Abraham was but a babe.” Jason shook his head, awed by the audacity of it. “The Gods are not easily mocked.” His jaw, clenched even at rest, clamped down like that of an epileptic trying to bite off his tongue. Kent was almost sure the boy would smolder until he did have some kind of fit, but he quickly recovered himself. “The Old Man came home. He and my mom tried again.”
“This time they succeeded?”
The sneer became something like a smile again. “Yes and no.” Jason paused. “They had luck inasmuch as my mom didn’t have a miscarriage. The bad news is they had me.”
Kent lowered his eyes, ashamed of how easily Jason could just acknowledge the cursed nature of his existence, as offhand as if it were just an admission that he sucked at playing pool. “Things went okay for a while.” He got lost in something like reverie, which Kent thought strange, since he must have been in a mere preconscious, cooing state in the salad days of his parents’ marriage. “My father had his GI Bill. He had some money saved up from his deployment. He went to Voc Rehab and learned AC and Heating Repair.” Jason shook his head and the sneer came back. It was clear he’d had greater aspirations than his father, if murder could be considered an aspiration. Sadly it could, since it involved fame sometimes, provided you did enough killing or the nature of the kill was especially gruesome.
“I wasn’t a demon seed from birth.”
Kent held back from asking the most natural question, the one that everyone from psychiatrists to bored housewives leafing through the glossy scandal sheets at the shopping counter wanted to know. What happened? He knew he didn’t have to ask.
“Then my mother found it.”
“It?” Kent rolled his neck, loosening the stiffness.
“Don’t get any closer,” one of the guards said.
Kent froze.
“The little stone gargoyle Big Jason got from this haji.” 
He also called his father by his first name sometimes. Jason and Jenda, getting by on his wages as a repairman and her tips from the Denny’s to tide them over when the repair work was slow. It might not have been a fairytale, but it could have worked. Except for Jason Jr...
Kent stayed quiet. He didn’t need to ask what a Haji was. He knew about the Haj. He had Muslim friends in journalism. Perhaps one of them should be interviewing Jason, since they might have a more nuanced view of the region, its customs and religious history.
“You know Pazuzu? From The Exorcist?”
Kent sagged, deflating. This was why he had driven five hours? Put in the request with the warden who was even ruder than these two bovine guards breathing down his neck? So that he could interview some wretched, pop-culture poisoned millennial who watched too many movies and decided to kill because it was easier than developing a talent?
“My father had a terp with him.”
“Terp?”
“Yeah,” Jason said, “an interpreter. And they got tight while doing their door-to-door searches for weapons in Nasiriyah. I guess if you live through enough life and death situations with someone, even if you consider them a haji, you start opening up to them.”
“There’s danger in that,” Kent said.
Jason shrugged. “You have to trust someone.” He cleared his throat and continued. “They’re really big on having large families over there. Family’s everything, I guess, the way it used to be in America. Family and religion.”
He’d said it wistfully. Kent thought it strange to hear a mass shooter millennial pine for the old conservative ideals. In some ways it made sense. Jason had grown up without these things as an ever-present force and so didn’t know that what could protect and preserve could also stultify, strangle.
Kent stowed his feelings, realized the boy probably saw him as an ageing boomer idealist lost in the fog of some acid trip he’d taken thirty years ago and from which he’d never totally returned.
“This terp had mercy on my father. Gave him this little Pazuzu to help him.”
“A demon to help him?” Kent was lost. It hadn’t seemed to have done a world of good for Linda Blair, or anyone else involved with the supposedly cursed production of William Friedkin’s masterpiece.
Jason smiled, tickled by his naiveté. “Demons have friends and enemies like everyone else.”
“And your father was friends with the demon?”
Kent heard a snort from behind him, the crude scoff of a skeptic. Not that Kent believed, either, but if he didn’t keep an open mind Jason would shut down.
“The terp thought Jenda might be cursed by Lamashtu...” Jason waited patiently for Kent to betray some sign he knew who that was.
Kent not only hadn’t seen any movies about Lamashtu, but he wasn’t sure he ever heard the name.
“She’s the wife of Pazuzu.”
“You’ve got ten minutes left.” The booming voice behind Kent didn’t sound like it would brook any protest. A bribe might have worked but Kent’s expense account was low and things were tight back the magazine’s headquarters. Print was on its way out.
Jason spoke faster. He had to say this, sing the praises of the salvific demon that had guided him to do what he did and which still kept sentry over him. “Pazuzu protects infants and the unborn from Lamashtu’s devouring wolfen maw.” 
“She’s a wolf?”
“Wolf head, big human tits.”
A laugh escaped Kent, surprised him. He didn’t think it would be possible to laugh in such a moment. But laughter was always a surprise.
“He snuck the Pazuzu through customs. It wasn’t hard.” Jason shook his head. “Other guys got everything from blocks of hashish to AK-47s out in those Connexes. If millions of hits of ecstasy can get through Rammstein Airbase on a c-17 Hercules, you can sneak a little clay figure out of there.”
It sounded like his father had told Jason some other stories, but they didn’t have time for them. Ten minutes was already something like seven now.
“My mother found it, the little Pazuzu statue. After she had me. It creeped her out and she threw it away.”
“Without telling him?”
“Without telling him. He found out later,” Jason added. “And stabbed her to death.”
Kent’s brow creased in confusion. “You’re saying they falsely charged you with murder?”
“One murder,” Jason said, offhand, as if relating box scores. “I murdered Big Jason after he stabbed the shit out of Jenda. Then I went and got his AR and did what Lamashtu demanded of me.”
“You mean, she found you when Pazuzu wasn’t there to protect you anymore?”
“Like I said, a demon is more like the Greek daemon. The Exorcist is a good movie. But it’s Hollywood bullshit. Another bit of feces ejected from the fundament of the Great Satan.”
His voice was no longer his, but rather much deeper, a growl that threatened to break through the steel wall separating the boy from the men with their shotguns. His eyes rolled back, showing stark whites traversed by thin bluish veins. The guards clutched the walnut stocks of their weapons tighter to hide the tremors in their hands.
Jason blinked, stunned, looking around as if he had been returned to his body and dumped in this room without knowing from whence he came or how he got here. The look was one Kent recognized from the vacant, blackened and shark-like gaze of his grandpa when he had been in the grips of senility. But the confessed killer before him had only turned fifteen a couple days ago.
Happy birthday.
“I blacked out after I killed my father. I wasn’t possessed at that point. I just slit his throat for what he had done.”
“Killing your mother?”
He flashed his famous sneer, shook his head harder than a camel trying to bat away a horsefly. “Lamashtu is my mother. And my lover. And my daughter.”
It sounded like a Freudian nightmare. Thank God their time was almost up.
“During my blackout she appeared to me, and I drank milk from her breast.”
“Even though she had a wolf head?” He tried to suppress the smile. Humor again, ex nihilo and in spite of the nightmare. Or maybe because of it.
“She had human tits.” Jason raised his narrow shoulder blades in a shrug.
Touché.
“And thus fortified with her milk, I grabbed my father’s gun and sought out the infidels in their wretched celebration, where they waved their blood-soaked flags in proud parade.”
“The Fourth of July event.” Kent said.
Jason nodded, speaking with what bit of himself Lamashtu still allowed him. “It was justice to avenge the desecration of my goddess’s temple. Perhaps taking Jenda’s babies as forfeit, mangling other American offspring under the guise of birth defects or Gulf War Syndrome, would have been satisfactory. But my father made the curse worse by trying to defy its justice. And once the infidel dog soldier’s bride threw out the Pazuzu statue, they were no longer under the protection or patronage of my gargoyle-faced, priapic pig of a husband.”
Jason spoke again in the deep voice of a strange woman. Either his vocal cords had been commandeered by a spirit or he was one hell of an actor and had definitely been hitting the dictionary pretty hard while locked up (no fourteen year-old talked like this).
“Time’s up,” one of the guards said, and flipped closed the metal port over the door hard enough to flick the killer’s nose where his face crowded near the opening.
Kent stood, knees sore from the time spent crouching.
“Kid’s crazy,” the guard said, turning the rusted steel key in the lock housing.
“Maybe,” Kent said.
Either way it would make one hell of a write-up.

Bio:
Joseph Hirsch is the author of more than a dozen published books. His shorter works have appeared in numerous venues, including 3 AM Magazine, Zahir: A Journal of Speculative Fiction, and Bull: Men’s Fiction.
Kelder Church
Damien Allmark


The aged hulk of Kelder Church sat in near ruin at the summit the hill.
Richard watched Lauren crouch atop the low stone wall.“Remind me why we’re doing this?” he asked.
“Because it’s fascinating,” said Lauren. “Think of all the things we might find. Treasure, relics, holy artefacts.”
He finished her sentence with a grin. “Disrepair, mould, and tetanus.”
Lauren punched his shoulder. “Come on, please!” she whined.
“I’m not saying I won’t go, I’m just asking why. Why are you so keen to get in there?”
She considered his remark for a long moment. “I don’t really know. It just pulls at me, draws me in. Always has. I need to see what’s in there. Every time I look at it I get this, I dunno, buzz? Don’t you feel it?”
Richard stared at the skeleton of the church, “Nope.”
Lauren rolled her eyes and sighed, but a grin tickled the corners of her mouth. “Bloody hopeless, you are. What did you find out about the church history?”
“Almost nothing. It’s weird, the locals seem uncomfortable whenever I even ask, and no one really wants to talk. A couple of the old dears in the coffee shop said they thought they remembered attending service there, but even they couldn’t tell me why it was abandoned.”
“Weird,” said Lauren. “Let’s go see.” Her face glowed with forbidden excitement. She hopped off the wall and disappeared into the underbrush.
Richard paused and regarded the ruin for a moment. Kelder Church lingered on the hillside more than a mile from the nearest settlement, and despite its dilapidation, long lost magnificence radiated from the ruins. One of the two bell towers succumbed to the passage of time long ago, but the other protruded above the shrubbery, tall and proud. The angular tower roof resembled a chess rook and held all the gravitas of any medieval fortress. Through the intricate arched windows shone the azure blue of the sky behind. Unlike so many other derelict buildings, no ugly concrete blocks marred the openings and only the most rudimentary fencing protected the site.
Richard’s attention turned to the overgrown chaos of the graveyard. He steeled himself with a deep breath and plunged into the gauntlet of green. Thorns and nettles bit at him as he fought his way through the vegetation.
“Oi, wait up!” Richard called. His foot caught in a knot of brambles. He tripped and landed face-first in a patch of bare earth with a grunt.
Lauren cackled. “Full of grace and poise, Richard, as always!”
He regained his feet and dusted dry soil from his polo shirt. “Shut up. We can’t all be dainty, some of us were born with the dexterity of a comatose yak. Where are you, anyway?”
“Over here! This jungle thins when you get nearer the church.”
“Marco!”
“What?”
“Never mind,” he said. He sought her voice and pushed his way into the dense thicket.
She roared with laughter when she saw him. “My days, Richard, you’re a mess.”
“I thought you’d known that for years.”
Lauren plucked a foot-long length of weed from Richard’s hair. “Traditionally, the lady wears the flower,” she said. She pressed it to her ear and posed as if for a photoshoot.
Richard snatched the bramble from her hand and hurled it into the bushes, grimaced, and picked a thorn from his palm.
“Well, that’ll never threaten us again,” said Lauren.
The ruin loomed above them. Rubble from the collapsed tower lay strewn across the churchyard and glassless windows gaped like a skull. Dead vines and ivy coiled along worn granite walls. Ancient graves and monuments lay forgotten and desecrated by time.
They picked their way through the last few weeds and approached the colossal archway that once held the main door. Graceful curves of carved stone stretched twelve feet above them and met below the remains of an elaborate rose window. Leaves of tarnished granite morphed into Celtic crosses, which sketched the cracked outline of the enormous circular portal. The absence of stained glass revealed the forbidding darkness of the church interior, and the sheer scale of it stopped them in their tracks whilst they stared at the architecture in awe.
Richard broke the silence first. “So, which of your theories do you reckon will prove true?”
“Huh?”
“You had so many ideas and theories of what might be up here. Which one do you reckon we’re really going to find?”
Lauren snorted. “I think ‘theories’ is a bit much, or do you actually expect a tribe of hobgoblins?”
“Nah. It’d be ogres in a building like this, not hobgoblins. I know I was drunk, but how did you talk me into coming up here after all those campfire ghost stories we told?”
“Maybe the stories about loot and buried treasure sunk in as well. I ain’t taking the blame for this one.”
“If my bones get ground up for anyone’s bread I’ll be most displeased. Just saying.”
Lauren shrieked with laughter. “You could write an angry letter to The Times?” she spluttered.
Orange stains dripped like tears from the battered security door’s hinges and years of exposure rendered the faded prohibition notice illegible.
“Doesn’t look all that solid,” said Lauren. She nudged the security door and the lower hinge snapped. The strained metal squealed, the door pivoted on the other hinge, and Lauren dodged backwards. Her hands grasped the bottom edge of the door and stopped its fall. She yelped in pain and recoiled. The door fell with a clang. She bent double and clutched her hand, spouting a spectacular string of profanities.
“What happened?”
Lauren stopped swearing and glared. “What do you think happened?” She showed her bloody palm to Richard, then wiped her hand on her jeans.
Richard pulled a packet of tissues from his pocket. “Here, let me,” he said. He pressed a tissue against her ivory skin to soak the blood, then wrapped another around her hand. “Hey, there is an upside to hay fever. Always got some of these.”
“Thanks.” Lauren gave Richard a simple smile, and his heart soared. “Now, let’s try that again, shall we?” she said. She felt gingerly along the underside of the door and lifted it enough for Richard. The hinge creaked in protest. “Go on, get under there,” she said.
Richard hesitated, but, eager to impress, he dove forward, misjudged the gap and clouted his head against the door. Stars flickered in and out of his vision and the red heat of pain spread from his crown throughout his head. The door sang an echo and he heard Lauren snicker. He rolled onto his back and jammed his feet under the raised door. Lauren ducked through the gap. The door dropped with a clang and settled in a cloud of dust. The hinge groaned once more and then silenced.
Richard clambered to his feet, groaned, rubbed his head, and then patted at his dirt-encrusted top.
“You’re just never clean, are you?”
“Hey, next time I’ll hold the door and you can lie in the mud!”
“Nah, you’re alright.” Lauren winked a topaz eye.
Richard’s attention lingered for a moment on Lauren while her eyes scanned their discovery.
Glassless windows glowered at them. In the far corner lay fallen beams from the roof, but an eerie darkness permeated the structure. The interior remained unsullied apart from the ravages of time. Ranks of pews remained subordinate to the altar, which commanded the room despite the rubble-strewn around it.
Profound silence seized Richard and he became aware of all the minute sounds around him. He heard the rush of blood in his eardrums, heard Lauren gulp quick, excited breaths beside him, and heard the gentle breeze whisper in the eaves of the collapsed roof.
“Wow,” gasped Lauren. “I never believed we’d actually do this,” she whispered.
Richard watched her gape at their newfound kingdom. “Nor did I.” He matched the level of her voice. Despite their isolation, a subtle unease welled within him. A tightness in his chest descended and he realized his breathing was ragged. He did not want to disturb the darkness. He wanted to flee, to retreat to the sunny safety of the weed-filled churchyard, but his eagerness to impress Lauren kept him resolute.
Her hand snaked into his and his concerns evaporated like the morning mist. She guided him into the main hall and he didn’t resist her gentle tug.
Richard sneezed. “Bloody stinks in here.”
“It’s not so bad. Mouth breathing, that’s the key.”
They picked their way past the pews. Each breath Richard drew felt thick, tangible, as if he could taste each particle of decay entering his body. Mold festered in the dark corners of the chipped wooden benches and rotten hymnbooks festooned the shelves.
A harsh glare penetrated the shattered roof and caused Richard to squint when he raised his eyes. Brilliant sunlight glinted from the scattered remnants of the stained glass window. A wisp of cloud drifted past the rafters to violate the otherwise unbroken teal sky.
Lauren released his hand and pressed deeper into the bones of the church. Atop the altar, with its head held high and wings tucked, perched the dirt-encrusted shape of a bird.
“What is it?” Richard asked.
She didn’t respond, but instead blew a deep breath across the altar’s figurehead. Grime and dirt scattered and exposed the golden relief of a magnificent eagle. The bird’s ruby eyes sparkled in the dark.
“Oh my God,” Richard hissed. “Why would anyone leave this here?”
“I don’t know,” Lauren murmured. Her gaze flicked around the bird’s intricate features and she brushed the dust from its head and back. With her sleeve, she smeared a clump of sodden earth from its wing.
Reluctance weighed each step, yet Richard approached the altar anyway. The manner in which the sunlight twinkled in the rubies gave the impression of sentience, as if the eyes stared deep into his soul. He shuddered.
“It’s freaky.”
“It’s spectacular,” Lauren whispered.
Her eyes sparkled when they met his, and then flicked to the spiral staircase, which climbed the remaining tower. She winked a playful wink at him, bounded across the dirty floor, and her feet danced around the scattered debris. “Come on,” she urged.
“Wait!” he called. Richard scanned his surroundings and his skin fell cold, a great shiver shook his body. Over the top of the pulpit crested a wave of scarlet blood. It cascaded across the dais and pooled around the base of the altar. Richard blinked, shook his head, and the blood vanished. He rubbed his eyes. “Did you see that?”
“See what? Come on Richard. Keep up.”
He chased after Lauren, feeling as if the eyes of the eagle tracked him all the way into the stairwell. He took the worn stone steps two at a time in an attempt to catch Lauren. Sunlight cascaded from the top of the stairs and burned his eyes. He flinched, missed the top step, stumbled, and almost fell onto the tower balcony. His heart pounded a complaint against the abrupt exertion, but his nerves evaporated in the heat.
Lauren’s hands rested on the rough granite balustrade and her back was to Richard. Her platinum ponytail danced in the subtle breeze while she stared at the expansive countryside. Below them, the overgrown graveyard gave way to rolling fields and dry stone walls, copses of trees and distant villages, and far in the distance, the Atlantic coast. 
Richard yearned to stand closer to Lauren, to hold her, to wrap his arms around her, and to rest his chin on her shoulder. He wanted to hold her like a lover and for them to lose themselves in the beauty of the moment. The radiance of her smile robbed him of any interest in the scenery.
She broke the spell. Her sapphire eyes flickered with child-like wonder. “Have you ever seen anything like it? Look, you can see the coast! That’s got to be twenty miles. And over there, that’s Cornfield Manor, isn’t it? And the moors behind it.” Lauren’s feet danced around the rough granite stones of the tower and her wounded hand pointed to distant landmarks. She noticed his attention on her, instead of the view, and stopped. She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed him tight.
Richard’s heart leapt into his throat. For long seconds he was as frozen as the eagle. He felt the warmth of her body against him. He moved to embrace her but she spun away from him and laughed. “Sorry,” she said.
“For what?”
“I just know you weren’t so keen to come in here, but I shouldn’t have hugged you.” She rubbed her bandaged hand.
“That’s OK, really,” he stuttered.
“Come on! Let’s see what else there is,” she said. She vanished into the darkness of the stairwell.
Richard followed, and his eyes fought the blackness. He braced himself against the walls and he felt moisture, a thick, slick, oily substance between his fingers. He kicked each step he descended until he escaped the claustrophobic stairwell and entered the church nave. Panicked, he stared wide-eyed at his hands but they were dry and dusty, just like before. He drew in a deep breath, a relieved sigh, but the stink of mold assaulted him. A violent coughing fit racked his body. His watery eyes scanned the room and his heart skipped. No Lauren.
“Lauren!” His voice betrayed him. He hacked the phlegm from his throat and tried again, but heard no response. Panic enveloped him.
“Lauren!” he bellowed. He ran down the center aisle when a dull clunk behind him caused him to whirl so fast he almost fell. A door in the far wall creaked and Lauren emerged, head cocked to one side.
“What?” she said.
Relief enveloped him, but the heat of embarrassment rose in his cheeks.
“Just couldn’t see where you went,” he grunted.
Lauren beamed and raised her injured hand to beckon. “Come on,” she said. “Come see what I’ve found.” Claret stains drenched the ragged tissue, which served as an impromptu bandage, and blood trickled down her arm.
He dragged deep, slow breaths and followed. From the altar, the eagle watched him leave.
The vestry lay beyond the door, where robes and shawls adorned one wall under a row of mahogany cupboards .Piles of bibles and hymnbooks lay untouched on a cobweb festooned bookcase. The bitter stench of decayed paper and old books gone to ruin threatened to overpower him. Richard covered his face with his hand, gasped for breath, and struggled not to relapse into coughing. His pulse rose with his dread until his heart thrashed in his chest like a caged beast. He fought to control his ragged breathing.
“I’ve got to get out of here,” he whispered.
Lauren raised her eyebrows and her forehead creased.
“Why?”
“This place is grotesque.”
She smirked. “It’s just an old building, Richard,” she said. She saw his pained expression and her grin vanished. “Are you feeling OK, mate?”
He covered the ground between them in two strides and, startled by his own confidence, gripped her shoulders.
“Look around you.” His eyes bored into her and his voice threatened to catch in his throat. “All the stuff left here. This place wasn’t abandoned, it was evacuated!”
Kindness radiated from her eyes, and her full smile brought dimples back on her cheeks. “It’s just an old building. Don’t let it freak you out. Come on. Stay with me. Let’s keep going. Who knows what more we’ll find?”
“But, it’s so dark,” he protested. He became aware of how feeble he sounded.
She smiled and again melted into the shadows. “The fire will guide our way,” she said.
“What fire?” He froze.
She stepped into the light with an eyebrow raised. “What - what?”
“What did you say about a fire?”
She cocked her head to one side. “I didn’t say anything. Come on.” The impenetrable dark wrapped around her, consumed her, and left Richard alone with his terror.
Richard found himself trapped, torn between fear of abandonment, and fear of the deep, dark recesses of the place. For the first time he could remember, he didn’t want to follow Lauren. He didn’t trust her. He felt her recklessness endangered them both, but moreover, he didn’t trust her any more either. He was shaken, and he was petrified. He was desperate to decamp but he couldn’t bring himself to abandon Lauren to the peril seemingly invisible to her.
With a massive force of will, he drove himself into motion and penetrated the ebony abyss. His hands scoured the walls while he fought the tears of a terror he didn’t understand. His eyes adjusted to the light, and he found Lauren at the start of a long, narrow hallway.
The bust of a golden eagle perched atop its plinth glowedfrom the murky depths at the far end of the corridor. Its ruby eyes pierced the darkness and bore into Richard.
“The eagle followed us here,” he hissed. The moment the sentence left his lips he realized how preposterous it sounded.
Lauren’s laughter pealed like a bell in the darkness. “Well, it’s obviously not the same one, Muppet.” She approached the plinth. “They do look very similar, though, don’t they? Such craftsmanship. It’s stunning.”
“It’s terrifying,” he said.
Lauren chuckled. “It’s just a sculpture.”
“Come on, Lauren, let’s go, please.”
She reached the base of the altar, lifted a hand, and caressed the cast golden plumage with two fingers.
The eagle’s head turned, its beak opened, and a fountain of red spewed across Lauren, but she didn’t react.
Richard blinked and the scene reset. “Lauren,” he whimpered.
“A minute more, Richard.” Her gaze on the eagle didn’t shift while the bird’s ruby eyes glared at Richard.
“Why are you so obsessed with that thing?” he asked.
“He watches out for us,” she said.
Richard’s heart leapt into his throat and he whirled. His rational brain worked to convince him he hallucinated, but ice seized his spine.
“What?”
“He watches out for us. He will send the fire. The fire will guide our way,” she intoned.
The fear enfolded him. His voice quavered. Frozen tendrils enveloped him and a cold sweat spread across his forehead.
“What are you talking about?”
She lowered her head and her hair cascaded across her face. When she swept it back to look at him, her pupils were vertical slits of muddy yellow in oceans of black.
He fled. His dirty trainers skittered on the stone floor and he fought for grip and balance. The light behind him promised safe haven and he fell toward it, fingertips on the ground like the start of a sprint, before he was able to regain traction.
A clatter of footsteps and cackling laughter echoed while she pursued him. Along the length of the corridor, flames danced in torches along the walls, which flared at his approach, and died back when he passed.
“Richard! Come back!” she yelled.
He didn’t spare the breath to reply but sprinted in a blind panic until he found himself in the nave of the church. He skidded to a stop but didn’t notice the pristine, high vaulted roof. From the altar, the eagle glowed untarnished gold. Ruby eyes shone like lasers from the reflected sunlight that filled the airy room.
A breathless Lauren appeared at his side. “What’s the matter with you?” she demanded. Her hand touched his shoulder and her crisp ice blue eyes searched him. “What is going on?”
“You’re asking me? What were you talking about? You said someone is watching us? Fires guiding us?”
Lauren’s wide eyes searched his face. “What? I don’t know what you’re on about! What fires?” she squeaked.
“What you just said, in the corridor! You were muttering about fire, and someone watching us!”
“Richard, you’re scaring me. I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Richard withdrew from her.
She matched him step for step.
“I need to get out of here,” he said. His eyes searched for the exit but didn’t recognize the walls around him. Fresh white paint shone from all sides but went unnoticed in his exhausted confusion.
Lauren’s hand cupped the back of his head and she drew him into a long, passionate kiss. Her tongue darted around his mouth. For an instant, nothing else mattered.
The eagle watched them from its perch above the altar.
When she drew back, her eyes twinkled, and a smile curled the corners of her lips.
“Do you still want to leave?” she asked.
Richard stared and his mouth worked like a beached fish.
Lauren unzipped her fleece jacket and discarded it.
“How about now?” she asked.
Richard stammered.
“Stay with me here,” she murmured. She reached for the back of his head, blinked, and her eyes again became dull yellow slits.
Her hold on him snapped. He ducked her arm and sprinted from the altar down the gleaming marble chancel. Sunlight from the stained glass window cast a glorious display on the floor before him. He risked a glance over his shoulder.
Lauren strolled up the aisle, and the glow from her orange eyes cast shadows across her sunken, hollow face.
“Don’t go,” she purred. “It’ll be so good for you to stay. I’ll make sure of it.” Her voice was light and airy, but a deep growl echoed each word and reverberated through the floor.
He scrambled toward the exit. Where the old and broken security gate once stood towered a magnificent ornate oak door. Richard yelped in terror, and saw the church in its true form. Burgundy banners fluttered in a gentle breeze and swung from eaves in the undamaged roof. The flicker of flame from lit torches glittered from the shining polished pews. Golden sunlight glinted through the spotless windows and cast saffron mites around the room.
Indistinct figures of the congregation, little more than silhouettes at first, filled the pews. Their eyes bore, unblinking, into Richard, and their forms solidified with every pace Lauren strode. Dark, tattered clothing clung to their scrawny frames. Hats and veils didn’t obscure their sallow, rotten faces. Grey, flaccid flesh hung from their skulls and blood dripped from their countless lesions and wounds.
From the pulpit behind them all, the eagle spread its wings and shrieked a scree that echoed around the hall. Less than twenty feet from Richard, flames burst from Lauren’s hollow eye sockets, licked up her cheeks, and danced through her hair. Necrotic lines spread from her wounded hand and painted a darkened purple tapestry up her arm.
“Stay with me, Richard,” she cooed. “Join me. The fire will guide our way.” The echo grew louder until each word resonated through him. Lauren’s voice was lost in the din. Black veins crossed her dead, vacant face. Pus dripped from a sore on her chin. Her injured arm withered and shrank into a stump, and blood cascaded across the floor.
He hammered the oak door with his fists, but he felt as if he pounded upon a granite cliff face. He threw his entire body weight against the pristine varnished wood, but the door was resolute. The heat from his back grew ever stronger and sweat prickled his back. He turned, pressed against the door, and heaved in desperation.
The congregation shambled from their pews in silence, like a wedding recessional, and formed unkempt ranks behind Lauren. In perfect unison, they advanced on Richard and trapped him against the immovable door.
Through tears, he whimpered like a frightened puppy. With flame engulfing her skull, Richard’s first, unrequited love smiled a warm, comforting smile, and she reached to kiss him again.
 
PARASOMNIAC
Arika Pollock


Old wooden floorboards groan under the weight of a small woman, the shuffling of her feet only making the sound louder. The hallways are dark and narrow. Mary’s bleary blue eyes ache as they try to capture the details of the house. Cobwebs stretch along the corners, specks of dust sprinkle from the stained ceiling. It almost seems as if the house hasn’t been lived in for centuries.
The force of the wind causes the house to shake, Mary’s teeth chattering louder and louder as she approaches the end of the hall. Her shuffling feet come to a halt. The front door is wide open. An uneasy feeling starts to settle at the bottom of the woman’s stomach as she peaks her head out of the doorway.
“Isaac, sweetheart?” Mary finally whispers.
She hopes for a response, wanting nothing more than to return to her warm bed. The woman’s ears begin to ring, desperately trying to pick up any sounds. Everything is so quiet. Mary takes a deep breath as she stares out in the pitch-black field. Dense fog shields almost everything from Mary’s sight, only glimpses of the tall green grass able to be seen.
“Are you sleepwalking, Isaac?” She asks, voice quiet. “You’re not supposed to be outside in your condition.”
Mary pauses for a second or two. Her words feel foreign, as if they shouldn’t be said.
“I didn’t think you could walk after the accident...” Her words trail off.
Queasiness settles in just as soon as she realizes the seriousness of the situation. She really should have installed a lock.
Ever so slowly, the small woman shuffles outside and onto the porch. Disappointment causes Mary to frown. She was hoping he would be waiting for her to take him back inside. The woman slowly walks down the steps until her feet touches the ground. Wet mud squishes between her toes, her hair trailing after the wind. Pushing forward, squelches echo with each step. The mud is freezing, Mary’s toes already going numb. She wraps her arms around her shoulders in hopes to bring some kind of warmth.
A low groan surrounds her. Mary stops in her tracks. Her chest feels as if it’s being squeezed, quickened puffs of air forcing its way through her lungs.
“Isaac!” The woman yells out. The urgency in her voice was clear.
Heavy breaths flee from her squeezed lungs. Mary’s knees are knocking together, eyes squeezed shut. There’s a gnawing feeling sitting like a rock in the bottom of her stomach. A sudden howl causes the woman’s body to jolt. A chill runs down her spine as her ears plead for the cry to cease. It sounds as if an animal is dying, completely full of anguish.
“Isaac?” Her breathing hitches in her throat, chest barely moving.
Mary’s head whips towards the sound of a twig snapping. She doesn’t speak. The woman is too afraid to breathe, silence causing her ears to ring. Moments pass, the woman unmoving.
“Isaac, this isn’t funny!” Mary yells. Her voice grows quiet, “Your legs must be aching.”
Mary remembers how mangled his legs looked before they put the casts over them. The sight of the gruesome colored bruises littering his skin is forever engraved into her brain. The question of how he made it outside sits poorly in Mary’s conscience.
The woman takes a deep breath, shakily taking another step. Her heart is uneasy as she reluctantly approaches the distorted and pained howl. Deep and disgusting cracks can be heard as she nears the middle of the field.
“Isaac?” Mary stops, stock still as she drinks in the sight.
Isaac’s back is facing her, shoulders rolling back in the most inhuman of ways. Mary cringes inwardly, realizing what was creating the disgusting cracks. Isaac’s arms drop to hang unnaturally loose. It’s evident he popped his shoulders out of their sockets. Blue eyes slowly meet with his legs. The casts are missing. Her stomach churns at the sight of the mangled and bruised skin.
With no warning, Isaac suddenly bends backwards in half. Mary takes a step back, her lungs refusing to allow air to pass through as she watches in absolute horror. Isaac’s jaw unhinges, reminding the woman of a serpent. His eyes widen and ever so slowly, they start to slide back until his pupils vanish. Mary’s brain isn’t fully processing the sight in front of her. It doesn’t process the idea of running until Isaac lets out a shriek akin to a banshee. The shrill sound stabs at her eardrums, at her brain.
The woman feels as if she’s paralyzed. A sudden feeling of familiarity gnaws at every nerve in her body, even with the instinct to run. Her eyes never leave the man’s shadow. She’s absolutely terrified but she can feel her heart swell with so much love.
“You’re...” Mary pauses, realization hitting her.
A grin comes to her lips before she’s laughing. Tears swell in in her eyes. She feels like she’s losing her mind and she must be if she’s cackling in the face of danger.
“You’re here!” Mary exclaims.
The woman feels as if she doesn’t have any control of her body as she crawls towards him, mud smearing on her white nightgown. Her delicate fingers run over Isaac’s cheeks.
“We’ve awaited your arrival for so long, my sweet Belial.” The woman’s words are soft, filled with admiration.
After years of sleepwalking, the cult’s lord has finally shown himself. He’s hidden himself from Isaac’s eyes, using him as a vessel. For centuries, they’ve waited. Mary grins, teeth wide on display. They’re no longer chattering from the cold air. The corners of her mouth stretch as if someone has tied strings to the ends. Her features start to melt together, pieces of muscle and bone becoming exposed. Mary’s healthy blonde hair starts to turn into ash.
“Welcome home, my love.” Mary’s voice groans, replicating the sounds of the old floorboards she was shuffling along minutes before. “Let’s go back inside.”
 
BIO:
Arika Pollock is currently studying at Full Sail University to obtain her bachelor’s degree in Creative Writing. She is an employee at JoAnn Fabrics and lives with her fiancé and dog in Ohio. She enjoys writing in the horror and suspense categories, stemming from a love of crime-based television shows and horror movies. 
BIRTH OF A KILLER
Phillip Frey


BILLY CRAWFORD, THE schoolyard bully, rode his bicycle down a dusty road. As he peddled, he thought of the Mexican kid he had slapped around this morning. His thoughts then turned to Wayne Harper, teacher's pet, adored by all the girls. Billy grinned, picturing how he had caught Wayne in the school bathroom, got him in an armlock and pushed his head into a crap-filled toilet.
What had happened to Wayne Harper spread throughout the school. Billy muttering now, "Shit-face, that's what they'll call him."
Reaching the woods, Billy walked his bike through the trees. He halted at a stream, where he leaned his bike against the trunk of a spruce. From his backpack he pulled out a big empty jar and unscrewed the lid. Kneeling alongside the stream, he waited for some crayfish to capture, thinking of his mother cooking them just right.
Billy heard the crunch of leaves and turned toward the sound. 
"Shit-face!" he hollered with a laugh. "You been followin' me?"
Billy stepped up to Wayne Harper and took an aggressive stance. Billy never saw it until it flashed under the late-afternoon sun.
Wayne Harper got home before anyone else and cleaned his grandfather's straight razor. The idea of using it to kill again gave him a thrill. The key was always to be extra careful about evidence, just as he had done with Billy.
Later that week, the police concluded that Billy Crawford's killer would never be found.

 


BIO:
Phillip Frey's history includes professional actor, produced screenwriter and writer/director of three short films, one of which showed at the New York Film Festival. He is now devoted only to writing prose. The books "Dangerous Times" and "Hym and Hur" were his first published works of fiction. He currently has the privilege of his short stories appearing in various literary journals and anthologies.
Porch Evenings
Mason Yates


The end of summer had arrived; it was inevitable. Though Doc Kinks knew of its coming, he hated to see the season go, for soon, the evenings where he sat on the front porch and watched the town’s main road would cease for the rest of the year due to the approaching cold. Finishing dinner, he hobbled to the front door, exited the house, and seated himself in a cushioned chair on the porch. He rubbed his old knees and scanned the outside world, noticing the way the trees danced in the breeze, how the magnificent orange sunset cast its glow over the Earth, and the act of birds chasing each other through the evening air. He smiled despite the ache in his knees and leaned back. 
He wondered if the summer of 1964 would be the last one for him. In a month, he would turn seventy-six, which wasn’t too old, but by the way his aches and pains were starting to feel, it seemed as if the end was coming slowly but surely. He didn’t know if he could withstand another harsh Maine winter. 
He smelled the scent of fresh grass that was drifting in the breeze and felt the way moisture in the air clung to his skin. He wished the summer would never leave, and if he could have gotten down on his knees, he would have begged God to halt time and leave him in the summer’s bliss forever. However, he cherished the fresh scents and cool breeze, and he thought of all the summer memories he could think of. Nostalgia gripped him with a tight fist, and he yearned to be a child again. If only he had the guarantee of dying and returning to the world as a baby, he would have been happy to let go, but as everyone in life knows, nothing is for certain. 
Closing his eyes, he listened to his wife washing dishes in the kitchen through an open window, and he smiled as he heard her hum a song. Along with the summer memories replaying in his mind’s eye, he thought of the day he married Susan under a large tree in the middle of an open golden wheat field, a small crowd of family cheering them on.
“Hey, Doc!” came a voice below him.
Opening his eyes, he noticed another elderly man, Greg Gates, standing below him on the sidewalk at the end of his lawn. The man, a friend of his since the early years of his adulthood, stood leaning against a cane. He wore circular golden glasses that sparkled in the dying light.
“Hey, Greg,” Doc said, “would you want to join me? I’m trying to take advantage of the summer evenings before they depart us.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” Greg said with a raspy chuckle, a symptom of all those years of smoking Lucky Strike cigarettes. “How’ve you been?”
Sparing himself from the pain of getting back up, Doc didn’t bother to get up and shake Greg’s hand on the way up the porch steps. He stayed put and said, “I’ve been good. Getting old, you know? It’s no fun.”
“You can say that again,” Greg said, another raspy chuckle. He slowly climbed the porch steps. “Ain’t it a bitch? I can barely move anymore.”
“It is,” Doc agreed.
“How’s Susan?”
“She’s good,” Doc said. “Thanks for asking. She’s inside washing the dishes.”
Reaching the top of the steps, Greg shook Doc’s hand and moved to a cushioned chair to the left of Doc, on the other side of a small glass table. When he sat, the creaking of old bones sounded. Doc winced.
“Damn,” Greg said with a painful expression on his face. “My body isn’t the same anymore.”
“Me either. Susan seems to be doing just fine; she gets around like she’s still a kid.”
“I wonder why we’re growing old while she’s still the same.”
“Beats me,” Doc said, smiling. It felt nice to be able to talk to someone else about aging. Susan couldn’t understand because she didn’t have the same aches and pains. She remained spry, while he grew as old as a dinosaur.
“She must have good genes,” Greg said, then remained quiet. He stared at the road and moved his eyes towards the orange sky. Doc did the same. After a few moments, Greg spoke again. “This is a nice view.”
“It sure is.”
Greg released another raspy chuckle. “I bet you watch Officer Gordon pull over the speeders.”
In fact, Doc did. Every evening, Officer Gordon, one of the town’s two police officers, parked down the road behind the town’s greeting sign so that cars couldn’t see him until they passed. Every townsperson knew Officer Gordon parked there, but people new to town had no idea. Every once in a while, a traveler or a new resident- which there were few of, because Haven was barely on the map and of no importance- would be speeding down the street, and Officer Gordon would spring out of nowhere to stop them. It happened at least three times a week.
“Yeah, I do,” Doc said. This time, he was the one to chuckle. “It’s entertainment.”
“I bet. He comes out of nowhere, and they don’t even see him coming.”
“It’s quite amusing.”
The front door opened with a loud creaking, and Susan stepped out, a large glass pitcher of lemonade in her hands. Due to Greg’s arrival, Doc had not heard Susan finish washing dishes. She came out, painted by the orange sunset, and the pitcher of lemonade glistened as it started to sweat. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, Susan, let me get up,” Greg said and started to lift himself up out of his chair.
“No, no, no, no,” Susan said cheerfully. “I heard you were out here, so I made you two some lemonade.”
“You didn’t have to do that, honey,” Doc said, watching as his wife set the pitcher on the glass table beside him.
“I know, but I like doing things for you. Plus, we have a guest,” Susan said and smiled at Greg, who had stopped trying to get up. Greg returned it with a toothless smile of his own, another effect of smoking. “Let me get you some glasses.”
Susan left the two of them to sit and stare at the road. The door creaked shut behind her.
“She’s great,” Greg said to Doc, turning his head to look at his friend.
“She is,” Doc agreed with a nod. He looked at the front door, then returned his eyes to the road. A car, a red Chevy, passed by.
“Don’t take that for granted,” Greg told him. “Sometimes I found myself not really appreciating Gretta. After she died, I realized I wish I would have told her I appreciate her more. I regret not being more open.”
“I know. I need to be more appreciating sometimes, too, but I think I tell her a lot.”
Greg nodded and went back to staring at the road.
Susan returned a moment later, two glasses in her hand and a smile on her face. She bent over to put them on the glass table and started to pour the lemonade into the two glasses. Doc and Greg whispered her a thank you.
“No problem, boys,” Susan responded. “I’m gonna go back inside now to leave you guys alone.”
“No,” Doc said. “Pull up a chair, sit with us.”
“Thanks, but I’m going to put on a record and read a book.”
Doc nodded. She left the porch, leaving the two men alone. Once again, the door creaked shut behind her. 
“That actually sounds kind of nice right now,” Greg said with a nod. “A record and a book. Plus, with the windows open, the evening air drifts into the house and makes it a lot nicer.”
“You’re right,” Doc acknowledged. “I haven’t read a book in a long time. I used to be huge into Charles Dickens.”
“I still am huge into Charles Dickens, but I also like a little Jules Verne and H.G. Wells every now and then to soothe my sci-fi side.”
Doc laughed. “I was never much into the sci-fi department.”
“It’s good stuff. It makes you think.”
“What’s your favorite Charles Dickens?”
“David Copperfield for sure. It captures the human emotion. I related so much to that character. How about you?”
The sound of classical music erupted from inside the house, then quieted down to a much softer level. It drifted and became entangled in the breeze. The music floated all around them.
“Great Expectations. Love the twist at the end. I think that book also captures the human emotion.”
“Oh,” Greg started, “it for sure does, but I think David Copperfield does a little more.”
Doc laughed, then said, “I hope we aren’t gonna start arguing over which Charles Di-”
Another sound exploded out of nowhere. This time, instead of the sweet sound of music, it was a car engine. It sounded like a shotgun blast, and it continued to buzz in the air. The whirring grew closer- if it could even do such a thing; the sound was already deafening.
Doc leaned forward. Pain came from his back, but he ignored it as he searched for the sound. Then, he saw the car coming down the street. A muscle car. He guessed a racecar engine had been placed under its hood. He couldn’t escape how hideous it sounded.
“Why the hell is it so damn loud?” Doc heard Greg yell. The engine had drowned out the music coming from the record player inside the house. 
“Just wait till Gordon gets him,” Doc said, but he doubted his voice could be heard over the engine. The car was almost in front of the house. It raced forward. Doc tried to get a good look at the driver, but the person inside was hidden by the shadows in the car. Once the automobile passed, it was hard to get a good read of the license plate. Maybe in his youth, he could have read it, but his vision wasn’t the way it used to be.
Together, the two men watched as the car raced down the street. It passed the town’s welcome sign, and they both stiffened as they waited for Officer Gordon to pull his cruiser out from behind it. A smile crept up on their faces in anticipation. 
“Come on,” Greg urged.
But Officer Gordon’s police cruiser never pulled out. The expected sirens and squeal of Gordon’s tires never occurred. Instead, Greg and Doc sat in their chairs and watched with irritation as the speeder sailed down the road and out of sight. 
“What the hell?” Greg shouted. “Where is Gordon when a racecar literally shoots through town? He missed the big fish!”
Doc opened his mouth but never got out what he planned on saying. Susan opened the front door and raced to the edge of the porch steps to look down the road. Her music played inside the house behind her.
“Where’s Gordon at?” she asked in a semi-shout, still not used to the silence that had once again fallen upon them.
“Beats me,” Greg said before Doc could open his mouth. “But he missed the big fish. Gordon would’ve thrown that guy’s ass in jail.”
“It’s unusual that he’s not over there,” Susan started and stared at Haven’s welcome sign. Turning around to view her husband and Greg, she continued: “He’s always over there. You’re right, though. He would’ve thrown that moron in the back of his cruiser.”
“You’re right,” Doc agreed with Susan. “He’s there every evening.”
“I’m going to go inside and call the police station to report that driver,” Susan told them and disappeared into the house. 
Greg and Doc, left in silence, didn’t take their eyes off the welcome sign. A strange feeling lingered among the two of them.

“IT IS VERY ODD THAT he isn’t there,” Doc said after a few moments of silence. They continued to stare at Haven’s greeting sign. In bold red letters, it read:
Welcome to Haven
A Home for All Who Seek It
“I wonder why he wouldn’t be there,” Greg said.
“Maybe he’s sick,” Doc responded, then shook his head. “Nah, that can’t be it. Even when he’s sick, he’s always on the job.”
“He is getting old, though,” Greg added. 
“Not that old yet. He’s only sixty-eight.”
“That’s getting old in my book.”
Doc chuckled. “We should go check his spot. It’s really odd that he’s not there.”
“You sure?” Greg said. “Don’t make me get up so soon.”
Doc paid no attention to Greg’s complaint. With a cracking sound erupting out of his back, Doc got to his feet and walked towards the porch steps.
“Dammit,” Greg cursed and started to get to his feet. Old bones creaked the whole time he managed to stand up. 
By the time Greg grabbed his cane and started walking towards the porch steps, Doc had already reached the sidewalk at the end of his lawn. Though Doc often complained about being old and not able to get around the best, he had to give himself credit that he wasn’t as bad off as Greg Gates, who used a cane and sounded like a squeaky door hinge every time he moved. Doc couldn’t help but smile at that thought. At least he managed to keep a step ahead Greg.
“Wait up!” Greg shouted, trying his hardest to get down the porch steps as quick as he could. He didn’t want to fall and land on his face; that might be the death of him.
Doc kept walking. He kept his eyes focused on the welcome sign, but he also saw the world around him from the corner of his eye. He noticed the cracks in the sidewalks with weeds poking through, and he saw how the world around him was dyed orange by the sun. Walking to the spot where Officer Gordon usually parked his patrol car, he couldn’t help but remember all the times he became curious as a child and always had to get the answer to everything, even if that meant investigating on his own. He felt like a child as he neared Haven’s greeting sign. It felt like any moment he would break the bonds of old age and start to sprint towards the answer. However, the idea of becoming young again remained only as a wish. 
With old bones and a curious mind, along with the orange glow of the sunset resting on his skin and the warm summer evening air enclosing around him, Doc passed the welcome sign and stumbled upon an odd sight. Instead of seeing a small, empty gravel parking spot with weeds protruding out of the rocks, Doc saw the white front bumper of Gordon’s police cruiser. Nearing a little closer, the whole car came into view. He noticed how the blue and red lights above the car gleamed, and he saw the sparkling clean hood and headlights. The car appeared to be washed earlier in the day, and he wouldn’t have doubted it, because as everyone in town knew, Officer Gordon was a tidy man, always cleaning and making sure everything shined, especially his police cruiser.
Then, after a moment of staring at the car in fixation, he saw the reason why Officer Gordon hadn’t chased the speeder- or as Greg Gates called it, the big fish. Slumped, with his head against the steering wheel, the policeman was dead. Doc knew it immediately upon seeing the body. Instead of nearing closer, he stood in front of the car and stared; he couldn’t believe it. 
“He was here one day and gone the next,” Doc muttered with a frown.
It reminded him once again of his own mortality. Looking at the body, he asked himself again if he would ever see another summer. Seeing Officer Gordon’s corpse slumped against the steering wheel felt like an omen for himself. If Gordon, a healthy policeman in his late sixties, could suddenly leave the world, why couldn’t he? Maybe, he thought, the end was near for him, too.
“Holy shit,” Greg said, reaching the police car. “He’s dead.”
“Yeah,” Doc said in a simple tone.
“I wonder what happened.”
Doc stared at the thinning brown hair on Gordon’s head and the way his body looked like it had just slumped forward and ended its existence. The policeman’s hands were nowhere in sight, probably dangling towards the floorboard. Every sign pointed to an abrupt halt on life. If he didn’t know any better, Doc would have assumed a light switch just flicked off and ended it for the poor guy.
“Looks sudden,” Doc said. “Maybe a cardiac arrest or stroke.”
“Whatever it was,” Greg started, “he missed the big fish.”
Doc tried to smile, but the thought of his own approaching death caused him to return to a frown. Again, he questioned if he would ever experience another summer, and he hated the thought of not being able to sit on the front porch on a summer evening ever again.
  
Pareidolia
Sarah Jane Justice


PAREIDOLIA[PARꞮˈDƏƱLꞮƏ]
[Noun] the perception of apparently significant patterns or recognizable images, especially faces, in random or accidental arrangements of shapes and lines.

WITHOUT A WAY TO KNOW where he was being taken, Dylan felt as if the rhythmic clunk of truck wheels on gravel had replaced the beating of his own heart. The grit of black tape prickled through the nerves in his face, but he couldn’t feel the itch. Fear had overtaken his senses, enough that he had forgotten that he was in pain.
He had stopped trying to squirm against the ropes after his initial attempts had landed him with sharp, immediate blows from a blunt object. The light cloth of the hood that been pulled over his head was thin enough that he could make out shadows of what might be around him, but he kept his eyes shut. Breathing was all he could focus on, and even that was almost more than he could manage.
The screech of brakes was gentler than those of the cars Dylan was used to hearing, but still, the sound cut into his ears like a glass-studded whip. When the truck doors opened, he felt a staleness in the air that indicated an enclosed space. The silence around him felt dark, a presence hanging around breaths that were too loud in his own ears. Panic started rushing through him all at once, as several pairs of hands grabbed him, pulling him along with intimidating strength.
His legs had gone weak, but Dylan barely needed to contribute to the effort of moving them. The hands tightened around his limbs didn’t loosen their grip for a second, controlling every step of his terrified stumbling. After a metallic clang echoed through his ears, Dylan allowed himself to fall to his knees with only the slightest coercion. One by one, the ropes were untied, the hood removed from his head, and the tape ripped from his mouth. The sudden sting of such an impact shocked his eyes into opening, and he blinked slowly, reluctant to see what might be facing him.
Drifting out from blurs, Dylan saw the shapes of men with their faces obscured by white masks. He winced, rubbing the fresh bruises on his skin, and struggling to process the situation. Before he could adjust his vision, the men stomped out of the room, forcing the door shut behind them. The click of numerous locks rattled in Dylan’s ears before he was capable of looking up from the floor.
See your sins and know them.
The voice boomed over his head, reverberating across the walls of the room. Dylan’s mind bounced along with the echoes, unable to pin down the location of the speaker. As he looked around to search for it, he began to absorb the space that had him enclosed.
The walls were smooth, to the point where they almost obscured the location of the door. It appeared to Dylan only as barely visible edges splitting through the wall in lines that seemed somehow too clean. Every surface was painted in the same bland, off-white color, with cracks and speckles that bothered him in ways he couldn’t put into words. They wore the appearance of wear and tear, but seemed too neat to have been formed naturally in the process of time. They formed no discernible pattern, but Dylan couldn’t shake the feeling that they’d been painted with careful strokes.
See your sins and know them.
The voice cracked through Dylan’s train of thought, loud enough that the lines holding his focus blurred in reluctant vision. He looked to the roof above him, searching in vague attempts for anything that resembled a loudspeaker. The dim lighting cast shadows that suggested the concealment of such a device, but there was nothing he could conclusively identify.
Dylan jumped at the sound of a jarring clunk behind him, turning to see a small opening that had appeared in the wall. A gloved hand thrust a small box onto a table he hadn’t previously seen, before pulling back into the darkness. As quickly as it had appeared, the opening slammed shut, leaving itself to be seen only in the suggestion of cracks.
Dylan took a deep breath, still chasing his own ability to think. Dizzy from the blending color of the walls, he closed his eyes for a moment, until a drifting sound caused them to snap back open. The sound disappeared before Dylan could identify it, leaving his focus to land on the table. When helpless curiosity got the better of him, he stood up and stepped towards it.
In movement, the room seemed smaller, a trick of perspective that felt deeply disorientating. Taking steps through the swimming feeling that risked overpowering him, Dylan placed a cautious hand on the table. It was painted in the same blending color as the doors, roof, and floor below him, with the same uncomfortable pattern of lines and splotches. The box was clear plastic, with a lid that could barely be discerned from its base. Inside, Dylan could see three slices of white bread.
He looked over his shoulder, immediately hit with the same dizzy feeling. With a deep frown, he forced himself to focus, noticing that the lines around him were drifting naturally into shapes that resembled faces. As his mind swayed through his enclosure, he considered for a moment that the faces looked angry. It was a thought that only grazed the edges of his mind before he shrugged it away, turning back to focus on the bread.
See your sins and know them.
The voice boomed over him once more, colored with a deep tone that seeped into his skin. For the first time, he considered his ability to respond.
“You’ve got the wrong guy,” Dylan felt his own voice catch in his throat, “I don’t know who you’re looking for, but it’s not me. I don’t know what this is about!”
His words echoed in a way that made them seem to blend into the paint on the walls. With a frustrated growl, he kicked the wall next to the table, feeling a thick thud that he knew would never be heard. Pain shot through his foot from the impact, but he made a concerted effort to avoid recoiling. Dylan had no idea who could be watching, but he knew he didn’t want to be seen as weak.
A slight whistle zipped behind him, dragging his attention to a different wall. As he turned to look at it, he felt unsure that he’d heard anything at all, but the thought fell away from him before he could focus on it. He squinted as his eyes landed on a small cluster of lines on the wall. They were uneven, splotchy patterns that Dylan’s logical mind knew were completely random. Still, the more he stared at them, the more he saw them as the shape of a face, one that looked familiar. He took a cautious step towards it, trying to pick apart the image he found suggested in the pattern. In the dizzy mesh of white and shadows, it almost looked as if the lines of a mouth were moving.
See your sins and know them.
The voice caught him by surprise, sending his heart pumping into overdrive. He tore his eyes away from the face he thought he’d seen, and turned back to the table. Moving with quicker steps, he came close to colliding with the surface that had, once again, seemed further away in his muddling vision. For a second time, he picked up the box and looked at its contents.
His mind was swimming with possible explanations for what he was being put through, none of which made any sense. He briefly considered the possibility that the bread was poisoned, part of a sick, methodical attempt to play with him before killing him. At this point, Dylan was starting to see death as far from the worst thing that could happen to him. In a swift, jittery movement, he pulled the lid away from the box.
The bread was dry and stale, but he ate it with a ravenous force, chasing it with warm water from a bottle that he hadn’t noticed until that point. For a moment, he wondered if the bottle had been there the whole time, or if it had been dropped onto the table when his back was turned. He could feel a slight increase in his energy level after finishing the food and drink, but he didn’t feel any more comfortable.
He turned around without considering his movements, feeling like his senses were ebbing away from him. When he looked up, he could still see a face in the patterns on the wall. He saw it as if it were staring at him, taunting him with unintentionally painted eyes. It wasn’t until he brushed over it with his hand that he realized he’d walked across the room towards it.
Under the calloused skin of his fingers, he saw the rough dots as eyes that danced into him from a distant memory. Almost appearing to shift under his vision, he saw them in the face of a girl he'd known when he was a far worse version of himself. She was a schoolyard acquaintance, one who had suffered a substantial hit of bullying from a teenaged Dylan who wanted to look tough to his friends. After spending a minute struggling with distant memories, he recalled her name as Meghan. The more he stared at it, the more he saw her.
See your sins and know them.
The voice thundered over his shoulder, causing him to jump backwards, his eyes darting over the other walls. In the impact of unexpected shock, he became determined to find the source of the messages being blasted into his ears. Between the disembodied voice, and the memory of Meghan’s face appearing behind him, he felt as if his consciousness was ricocheting off the walls, unable to land on any particular surface.
He grabbed at his chest, feeling uncomfortably aware of his heartbeat. The airy sound of a faraway cough sent his eyes to the roof, still searching for the location of the speaker. After the moment had passed, he began to question whether he’d heard such a sound at all. The weighty silence hung over him like a sheet, with holes being torn into it by brief, unidentifiable noises. In a sudden rush of panic, Dylan began pounding both his fists against the wall, hearing his own agitated breathing as it swallowed any other sound he might have heard.
See your sins and know them.
As the voice drilled into him, Dylan squeezed his eyes shut for as long as he could bear. When he opened them, his vision swam, sending vague lines and splotches dancing around each other on the wall in front of him. He squinted with cautious determination until they settled into the impression of another face. He knew that this could only be a different perception of the pattern that had been there before, but his racing mind had started calling every element of his surroundings into question. Focusing as tightly as he could manage, he became aware of the identity that had once belonged to the face he was seeing.
The lines fell into the shape of creases, wrinkling over a mouth that Dylan had rarely known to smile. His father’s death had been a tragedy for both family and community, and Dylan’s most secret guilt was held in his lack of grief. Being charitable with his finances had never quite replaced how miserly the man had been with his emotions. His death had come with a flood of relief that Dylan could never have spoken about, even in the silent echo of his own company.
See your sins and know them.
With his face fixed forward, Dylan saw the words slipping from the mouth that he could now see far too clearly for his own comfort. In taking on the appearance of his father, the eyes scowled in dark fury that sent Dylan reeling backwards.
‘What do you want?!’He pleaded towards the roof above him, barely able to feel the floor beneath his knees, ‘What is this?! Where am I?!’
The sound of another cough hit him more distinctly. Dylan felt himself gripped by cold shivers as he realized how perfectly the sound replicated those that had painted every minute of his father’s final days. His eyes caught the face on the wall in front of him, bold in sharp focus before it faded back into empty lines, without ever moving.
Shaking and stumbling, Dylan pulled himself back to his feet, spinning around in place. As his heart thudded in his chest, he felt as if the silence was deepening into a whirlpool, sucking him dry of his senses. When a metallic clang echoed through the enclosure, he heard his own cries crawling into in his ears.
Swiveling in a circular motion, he saw another bottle of water on the table. He felt his breath begin to struggle against his panic, a slippery wash of emotions that boiled outside of reason. Overwhelmed to the point of rage, Dylan let out an aggravated grunt and grabbed the bottle, hurling it at the wall. The tough plastic bounced off the surface, before rolling back to where Dylan found himself on the ground. As the space swelled under his vision, he couldn’t remember sitting down.
See your sins and know them.
Dylan grabbed at his hair, starting to lose track of his own movements. With a reluctant growl, he grabbed the bottle of water and opened it. It was warm, but still felt like a relief on his dry, cracked lips. As he drank, he felt the water spill over his face, splashing against the sweat that had already dampened his shirt. When the bottle was empty, he closed his eyes, gasping with shortened breaths. Slowly, he became aware of what sounded like a whisper, just quiet enough that he couldn’t determine it. It drifted into him as the presence of words he couldn’t quite hear, like a code hiding under soft radio static.
‘What?’ He stepped forward, his eyes grabbing at any shape they could determine, ‘Who’s there?’
Still gasping and stumbling, he turned to the wall where he had seen his father’s face. It faded in and out of his vision before a sudden movement caught the corner of his eye. Dylan snapped his head around, searching for whatever might have snuck past him. Although no distinct movement presented itself, he found himself becoming aware of another face, just below that of his father.
‘Mum,’ Dylan coughed, feeling the word fall out of him without the intention of speaking, ‘Mum, what did I do?’
With his hands propping him up against the wall, he had lost track of which way he was facing. The lines that suggested his mother’s mouth appeared to be moving in the slightest twitches. The sound of swirling air was too distant to attribute to any particular location.
See your sins and know them.
‘Mum,’ he grabbed at the wall, feeling his hands slip over the smoothness of its surface, ‘Mum, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t feel. I couldn’t help that I didn’t feel.’
See your sins and know them.
In the echo of his own muttering, Dylan couldn’t be sure if he’d heard the words repeating, or simply felt that he was hearing them again. He pushed himself back, his eyes fading across the walls of his enclosure. In the lines and splotches that cracked against every surface, he saw mouths that opened when his back was turned, and eyes that followed his every step. Under the veil of white noise, he heard whispered accusations of offences he thought he’d forgotten.
‘I’m sorry!’ His own voice bounced against the wall and pummeled him with its echo, ‘I should never... I shouldn’t... I won’t...’
He couldn’t articulate the details of his confession, but he felt as if every watching, invisible eye could hear the meaning between his words. His skin burned with the impact of faces that knew his sins more than he could ever know himself. He couldn’t put words to his crimes, but he felt them in the reflections of judge mental, disembodied stares.
‘I see my sins,’ Dylan fell to his knees with a rough sob, ‘I... I see...’
As he curled onto the ground with his face buried in his hands, he heard the metallic clunk of a door opening behind him. Without any desire to escape left in him, he stayed in the position of surrender until several sets of heavy shoes paused in a circle around him.
‘You see your sins.’
Without the interference of the speaker, the voice felt warmer in Dylan’s ears. In words that spoke closer to his ears, he felt the underlying current of forgiveness where fear had left him shaken.
‘I see them,’ he spoke with his face still pointed to the floor.
‘You know them.’
‘I know them.’
Unable to count the seconds in the pause that followed, Dylan only lifted his head when he felt several pairs of hands pulling him to his feet. In dimming light, the white of their masks seemed to hold the suggestion of all the faces that had infiltrated his mind in the enclosure. He could see that they were blank, but he recognized the implications of their shadows. His head felt simultaneously adrift, and heavily weighted to the floor. Straightening up as he felt a grip on his shoulder, he saw that a mask was being offered towards his own hands.
‘Atone with us.’ The voice stripped him bare and clothed him all at once, ‘Free the sins of others.’
Dylan stared at the mask in his hands as the men surrounding him began to stomp their feet in rhythmic unison. The sound penetrated what was left of his resolve, and he swayed into their rhythm without feeling what he was doing. Slowly, he lifted the mask to his face. The stomping picked up in volume as he felt the clips being connected behind his neck and head. With the covering over his face, he felt like a part of something better than he could have been alone. He felt like the watcher, as opposed to the watched. He felt like he had been given an opportunity to leave the worst parts of himself behind.
Lifting one foot after the other, Dylan heard his feet stomping along with the others. Without the grip of any directing hands, he followed them as they left the room.
 

BIO:
Sarah Jane Justice writes lyrical poetry, whimsical character pieces, and thrilling speculative fiction. Quickly carving her name into the horror genre, her short fiction has been published by Black Hare Press, Eerie River Publishing, and Hawk and Cleaver. Sarah’s other credits include releasing three albums of original music, writing a science-fiction cabaret show, and performing at the Sydney Opera House as a national finalist in the 2018 Australian Poetry Slam.
 
About the Publisher
DARK DOSSIER PUBLISHING: We publish paranormal books and magazines.
THE MAGAZINE: Dark Dossier Magazine is a FREE monthly magazine devoted to fiction & nonfiction stories of Ghosts, Aliens, Monsters, & Killers. 
Every issue of Dark Dossier brings you original and reprint stories from a variety of authors. From bestselling and award-winners to the newcomers you haven’t heard of yet. When you read Dark Dossier, we hope you enjoy the unique stories from these exceptional writers. 
Dark Dossier Magazine is published monthly by Dark Dossier Publishing and is printed in the U.S.A. Dark Dossier Magazine is TM © 2020 Dark Dossier Publishing. All Rights Reserved. The stories, photos, and art are © 2020 by their respective owners. No part of these magazines or books may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author(s) or publisher.
 

