Death Trap

Zia Black


Copyright

Copyright 2012 - Zahra Brown (pseudonym: 'Zia Black')

All rights reserved.

License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold, or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and you did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

www.ziablack.com

Image: kwest/Shutterstock.com


CONTENTS

Part One
Part Two
Part Three
Dear Reader
About the Author
Dedications


This book is written in British English.

****

Part One

The slender blonde glanced at her watch and huffed. She paced up and down the maintenance corridor as trains whooshed by the tunnel next door. A door slammed shut behind her, so she spun round to face the visitor, a pair of blue eyes watching from the shadows.
"Let me see you," she said.
A cloaked figure stepped out from the darkness, the hood pulled over his face. She directed him to the floor before her, but he stayed in the shadows, one hand under his cloak and the other behind his back.
"Did you receive payment?" she asked.
The man nodded.
"Good. Here, take this bonus." The woman offered a cheque, but the figure shook his head. "Do you want more? Name your price and it shall be done. A million? Ten million? Fifty million?"
"Zero," the man said softly. "I do not handle payment on the job."
"As you wish."
"This is your last chance."
"I beg your pardon?" The woman backed away and slipped her hand into her pocket, the cold trigger sticking to her clammy finger.
"This is your last chance to change your mind."
"I won't," she said, releasing the gun. "My brothers and I want this. Do it."
"Have you kept up your side of the bargain?"
She nodded. "I told them nothing about you. They think I hired some Russian hitman. As far as I know, they aren't even aware you exist."
 "It will remain that way."
The woman offered her hand but the figure turned and walked towards the exit. Suddenly he faced her and asked, "Do you feel any guilt?"
"It was unbearable at first. Now I just log into my Caribbean bank account, see my current balance, and sleep damn well. Guilt as a rich woman is better than a clean conscience as a bankrupt...The question is, do you feel guilt? You're the one with blood on your...gloves."
 "It would be unprofessional to do so."
The man opened his cloak, revealing an assortment of blades and guns ranging from sawn-off shotguns to silenced pistols. He grabbed the silenced pistol and aimed it at the woman's head.
"You are a brazen," she said, slowly reaching for her pocket. "I sign your cheques, remember?"
"Not anymore."
He fired.


The train slowly reversed into the station and stopped by the passengers waiting on the platform. When the carriages were empty, the driver stepped out and shook hands with his colleague before marching off down the platform. His replacement pulled his scruffy hat over his face and walked into the driver's carriage.
On the platform, a woman gathered her children. Her youngest son accidentally dropped his crayons on the floor and started to cry as they rolled away. Balancing the baby with one arm, his mother gathered the crayons with the other. A chubby young man rushed over and tapped her on the shoulder.
"Let me help," he said.
"Thank you."
The man picked up the crayons and slipped them into the boy's neon green backpack.
"What's your name?" the boy asked, a crumpled drawing in his grasp.
"I'm Craig."
"Thank you, Craig."
"No problem, little guy."
The mother rushed off with her crying baby and the boy followed behind, waving from the door to the fifth carriage.
Craig sat on the bench and rubbed his baggy blue eyes. He took the ticket from his pocket and kissed it before taking a stack of postcards from his plastic bag. He placed them on the seat beside him and gazed at the bikini-clad women on the beach in the picture.
"Beautiful," he whispered. "I can't wait!"
An Asian man appeared and towered over the bench. He removed his puffy black coat to reveal the grey vest and faded jeans underneath. A moment later, the floor trembled as three trolleys were pulled his way by three boys, chatting excitedly.
"Do you mind?" the man asked, pointing at the seat.
"No problem." Craig pushed his postcards and ticket into his pocket.
The Asian man sat his three sons down and handed them a Japanese language guide each. The tallest boy flicked through before tossing it on the floor, which made his younger brothers giggle.
"Benjamin, I'm not amused!" The father took the guide and thrust it into the boy's hands. "Show your ancestry some respect!"
"I don't wanna go," Benjamin said. "I want to stay here with Mum."
"Me too," his brother Carlson cried.
The youngest raised his hand.
"Yes, Michael?" the father said.
"Are we gonna meet your friend again?"
"Yes. You'll love him."
Craig's stomach grumbled so he strolled over to the cafe close by. He waited in line behind an Asian woman in a red hijab, her hands stroking something around her neck.
"Next," the server said, shoving the cash register back in.
"Do you serve Halal food?" the woman asked.
"I don't know. I'll check."
The server disappeared round to the kitchen.
"Sorry about this," the woman said.
"It's all right. I'm thinking of going vegan too."
He laughed and she gave a tiny smile.
The server returned and rolled her eyes. "Yep, he said the triple cheeseburger with two slices of ham and five pepperoni pieces is Halal."
"...No thank you." The Muslim woman scuttled towards the train. 
"Bunny!" a little boy cried, pointing at her.
"No," she said. "Asma."
"Sorry about that," a slender blonde said, leading the toddler away. "Winnie, your bunny is home with doggy." She pinched his chubby cheeks. He giggled and ran to his sister by the train.
"Where have you been?" his sister asked, tickling his stomach. "I missed you!"
"Love you," he said, hugging her leg. He let go and his eyes swelled with tears.
"Aw, don't be silly," their father said. "Wren'll be back soon."
"Soon?" His wife dabbed her blue eyes with a handkerchief. "Six months isn't soon."
"Joanna, I'll be fine." Wren swung her brother around.
"You never know," Joanna said. "Anything could happen. Be careful."
"I said I'll be fine."
"Are you sure about this?" Joanna asked. "You can still change your mind!"
"No, she's going! I've spent good money on this trip!" Wren's father checked his watch. "Quick! If I'm late for work, Bill will kill me!"
"Oh, Dad! Grow some...You run the place too, remember?"
"John, she's right. Don't let Bill push you around, isn't Wren?"
Wren turned back and gazed at the sleek white train. It blew the horn and all the doors flew open. Her eyes drifted over the ten carriages and stopped on the sixth. The family strolled over to the carriage and Wren glanced at the large digital clock hanging above the platform, rubbing her hands with glee.
"Wren, do be careful," Joanna said. "Sit in the middle."
"I can't choose where I sit! Sixth carriage or no carriage!" Wren flashed her ticket. "I'm only near the back because someone paid my fare so late."
"Oh for goodness sake, I've apologised enough!" Wren's father playfully punched her broad shoulders. "Let it go! It's not my fault your tuition fees milked me dry."
"Whatever," Wren mumbled. She checked through her blue rucksack one last time before the final whistle blew. Tucked away in the inner pocket was the picture of a black woman with bushy hair smiling for the camera. Beside her was a tanned girl with Wren's big brown eyes. "If you reach her, tell Mum where I've gone."
"Will do," Joanna said. "Won't we, John?"
"I wasn't talking to you," Wren mumbled.
The other passengers began to file onto the train as the clock ticked closer to eight thirty. The ticket inspectors strode down the platform, their eyes scanning the crowd, and stopped at the first carriage. They stood and watched the passengers pass through the doors.
"Bye bye, Winnie!" Wren ruffled his brown curls.
"Bye bye!" Winnie squealed.
"Time to go," Joanna said. "You can't miss the train!"
Wren pulled on her rucksack and briefly hugged Joanna. Then she kissed her father goodbye and stepped onto the sixth carriage.
Pushing her way down the aisle, she finally reached her seat. Her neighbour was an obese man in a dark red t-shirt and loose pants. He moved the bulky plastic bag on her seat and patted the tattered leather. She double-checked the seat number and her ticket before sitting down.
"Where are you going?" he asked.
"Europe."
"Duh! We're crossing the Channel." He smacked his thigh as he cackled. "After France, where next?"
"The world," she said. "Across Europe, Asia, Australasia, North and South America, and last, but not least, Africa. You?"
"Whoa...Just Paris and then Majorca." He pulled out postcards from his pocket and carefully spread them across the table. "My future fiancée posted these. I've waited for five years, but she finally sent for me."
"Five years, eh? I hope she's worth it!" Wren looked over the glossy postcard of the Eiffel tower. "What took her so long?"
"It's complicated." He gathered the postcards according to size, smallest to largest.
"She's married."
"...No."
"I'm not judging you, I'm just saying." Wren handed him the last postcard of a golden Majorcan beach. "Dad cheated on my mum years ago. I get it, though. They weren't in love anymore. Still, wait until everything's over, you know?"
"There are no children involved," he said. "Just an angry ex."
"They're the worst." Wren removed her coat and loosened her sky blue shirt collar. "Don't worry. It won't last."
"Was your mum the angry ex?"
"Yeah, but she's over it."
"That's nice to hear." Craig slipped the postcards into a plastic sleeve.
The train whistled and the last passengers rushed on before the doors slammed shut. Officials quickly ushered them to their seats and then headed for the first class carriages ahead.
"I'm glad she doesn't have kids," Craig said. "They always hate the step-parents!"
"It took two years for Joanna and me to get along. I hated her. She hated me."
"What changed?"
"Despite our hate, we have one thing in common."
"You both love your father."
"...Okay, despite our hate, we have two things in common." Wren looked outside at her step-mother, who was sobbing into a tissue. "Neither of us back down. I respect her for that."
"So who caved first?"
Wren waved at her father and brother as the train pulled away. "I didn't."


"Craig, did you eat my last choc?"
"Oh, I get it." Craig pulled in his stomach and straightened up. "So because I'm the only fat person here, I must've eaten your food? Well, Wren, quite frankly I'm appalled at your blatant bias. Apologise!"
"Yes or no?" Wren crossed her arms.
"Maybe." Craig gave her some coins. "Buy another one."
Wren thrust the money back into his hand and pulled her headphones over her ears. She bopped her head to rap music as the train sped towards the British coast. Soon the herds in the country fields and rainy weather were left behind as the train powered into the tunnel under the sea. The view was black but for the tunnel lights zooming past.
"I should be practising my French and Spanish," Craig said. He pulled out a language dictionary and struggled to pronounce the French greetings.
"Can you keep it down, please?"
Wren and Craig turned to a grey-haired smartly dressed woman sitting to their left. She looked them up and down before pulling out a flashy touchpad from her snake-skin handbag. She flicked through business websites and stopped on stock market charts, the trends going down. When she realised Wren and Craig were watching, she shifted in her seat so the screen faced the window.
"Bitch," Wren said aloud.
The woman huffed and pulled the handbag from the empty seat onto her lap.
"I don't know what her problem is," a quiet voice said.
Wren and Craig turned back to the woman seated behind them. The woman blushed and tucked her brown fringe under her head veil.
"I'm Wren." Wren offered her hand and the woman shook it. "He's Craig."
"My name is Asma."
"Oh, it's you again!" Craig shook her hand.
"You're right about that old fart," Wren said. "If she's so damn important, why isn't she in first class?"
Craig sniggered.
"Where are you off to, Asma?" Wren asked.
"I'm going travelling to find a..."
"Me too!" Craig cried. "I'll be sunning in Spain with my wife-"
"Fiancée," Wren said.
"Fiancée before our wedding. Screw rainy old England. Hello sunny Spain!"
Faster and faster the train ploughed down the tracks as the carriages began to tremble. Wren felt herself being pulled into her seat. Craig's postcards fell out the sleeve and scattered on the floor. Their cups tipped over, sending hot coffee onto their laps.
"Don't panic, Craig," Craig said. "Remain calm."
"What the hell?" Wren cried. She looked over the chairs ahead but the hostesses were nowhere in sight.
"Be quiet," the grey-haired woman snapped. "Let the people do their job!"
"I wasn't talking to you!"
Craig pointed outside and Wren followed his gaze. The tunnel lights flickered and sparks flew from the tracks as the train sped faster. The G-force pulled them deeper into their seats and luggage compartments flew open, letting bags, cases, and a folded pushchair fall out. The lights overhead went out and people screamed as darkness swallowed them whole. 
Dim yellow emergency lighting switched on. Children were crying. The table and chairs were soaked from the food and drinks thrown over. Craig was sobbing into his postcards. Asma had clasped her hands in prayer. The fussy woman poured a shot of vodka, spilling most of it on her suit.
"We're gonna die!" Craig gasped. "Oh God! Poor Eliza. How will she cope without me?"
"Just fine," the grey-haired woman hissed.
Wren opened her mouth to speak but the screeching tyres on the tracks ground to a halt as the breaks clamped down. Everyone was thrown forwards and Wren's head hit the table, knocking her out cold.


"Stop! Where's he going?" Craig shouted.
"Good Heavens! What on earth is going on?" the grey-haired woman said. "His superiors will hear of this inexcusable behaviour!"
Wren opened her eyes and rubbed her aching forehead. Asma was standing over her, wrapping ice cubes in a napkin. She handed them to Wren, who placed the ice pack on her head.
"You scared us," Asma said.
"What happened? Did we crash?"
"No...Just stopped."
"Stopped? That's it?" Wren peered over the chairs and saw the other passengers looking out the window. "What's the commotion for, then?"
"The front carriage is leaving for France without us."
Craig rushed over and sat opposite Wren. He dabbed his sweaty brow and then downed a glass of water. He rocked back and forth, breathing heavily.
"We're stuck down here," he said. "It just detached and went off."
"Chill out, Craig." Wren patted him on the shoulder. "Maybe the driver went for help."
"Without telling anyone?" Craig held his postcards close to his chest. "I'll miss our anniversary...At least I got my gift."
"The postcards?" Asma asked.
"No. My train ticket."
"I didn't pay for mine either," Wren said. "Dad did. God, if he'd bought it weeks ago when I told him to, I wouldn't be here..."
"I'm just as cheap." Asma patted the ticket in her trouser pocket. "A friend bought mine as a going away present."
"Ooh, a friend, is it?" Craig grinned.
"Craig, it's none of your business!" Wren snapped.
"It's okay. I had some pre-marital problems," Asma said. "My family chose a great guy for me, and we got along nicely, but there was no spark. We're good friends, nothing more."
"So you're going to find your true love." Craig fist pumped the air. "It worked out for me, anyway!"
"He's out there somewhere. I'll take him back home to meet my family when I'm ready."
"That's if we get out of here," Craig said. "How can a driver abandon a train like that? Doesn't he know the captain always goes down with his...Never mind!"
"As I just said, he must've gone for help." Wren looked out the window. "At least the lights are back on."
"For now," Asma said.
"Will you three please be quiet?" the grey-haired woman snapped. "I have business to attend to! Then again, you unemployed benefit scroungers would not understand."
The woman typed away on her touchpad before cursing when the screen went black. She quickly plugged the touchpad in and sighed happily when the screen lit up. After shooting a mean look at the trio, she returned to work, her bony fingers robotically prodding the keys.
"Still a bitch," Wren muttered.
The tunnel lights went out. Everyone was silent, all eyes on the darkness outside. A moment passed before Craig spoke.
"They're not coming back on, are they?"
Asma shook her head.
"It doesn't matter," Wren said. "You afraid of the dark or something?"
"No!" Craig clutched his postcards so hard they bent. "I just prefer the light, that's all..."
There was a piercing scream from the farthest carriages and the whole train was plunged into darkness. Passengers rushed around, gathering their belongings.
"We're out of here," a man cried, pulling his three sons towards the door. "The driver's obviously not coming back!"
"You can't go out there," Wren said. "The tracks are live! Are you trying to kill your kids?"
"Of course not!" The man wiped his youngest son's teary eyes. "What do you suggest? We stay here and wait for the bloody driver to come back? The moron abandoned us! When I get my hands round his neck I'll-"
There were several loud bangs and another piercing scream. Everyone dropped to the floor or dived under the table. Wren kept her head low and listened to the sound of wheels moving down the tracks. She slowly peered out the window and spotted the lights go out in the first passenger carriage before it rolled away.
She got down beside the others and the father crawled over. He motioned for Wren to come closer and then whispered in her ear. "What's happening?" he asked.
"The first carriage. They're leaving us too!"
"You're joking. The carriage moved without the locomotive?"
Wren shrugged.
"The locomotive powers the train," he said. "The driver controls everything from the other end."
"So the driver's carriage is still here?"
"Yes," he said. "Two carriages down."
"Why didn't you say this before?"
"I just came from the carriage in front. They didn't want to leave either, but I couldn’t risk the children's safety." He thumped the floor. "Damn it! They were right. We could’ve been shot!"
"Maybe it wasn't gunshots," Wren said. "It could've been something popping."
"Like what?"
She shrugged again.
"It was a gunshot. Didn't you hear that scream?"
"A terrorist, maybe?" she asked. "We could be hostages. No wonder they took the locomotive."
"So the gunshots could've been a bluff? They're trying to scare us so no one does anything stupid!"
"I don't know about that." She rubbed her sore forehead. "This all feels very real."
"So the carriage definitely went down the tracks?"
Wren nodded.
"Without the locomotive?"
"The lights went out and the carriage slowly rolled down the tracks. It went round the bend and I couldn't see it anymore."
The man nodded slowly.
"What're you thinking?" she asked.
"Your terrorist theory might be right," he said. "If so, we need to find the mole amongst us. We'll get information from him and then use the driver's phone to call for help."
"What about the driver?"
"Go speak with him, but be careful! He might not be who he seems..."
"By the way, I'm Wren."
"Jasper."
"Good luck, Jasper."
"Remember, Wren. Be careful."
Jasper cautiously checked outside before he rushed over to his children. He gave the people in the next carriage the thumbs up and turned back to their carriage. Crouched down with the boys, he tapped his wedding band on the table to get everyone's attention.
"Hello, my name is Jasper and I'll be taking charge. If there are any objections, please speak now."
Silence.
"At the back is Wren. She is next in line if anything happens to me."
Wren gave the nod.
"What is going on?" the grey-haired woman asked. "I have an important meeting at midday. My company cannot afford another stock market meltdown in my absence."
"I understand but-"
"No! You do not understand!" The woman turned her nose up at him. "We spent six months in negotiations, kissed ass from the administrative assistants to the CEOs, and showered them with expensive gifts even I cannot afford. You do not understand!"
"What's your name?" Jasper asked.
"Patricia Evans. Why?"
"Pat, as you-"
"Patricia!"
"Miss, as you-"
"Missus!"
"Missus Patricia, as you can see, your business meeting is the least of our worries. The train's engine has gone, so we're stranded down here. Someone on this train has a gun. Now the first carriage has gone after the engine, so either the carriage is possessed or some super strong bastard pulled the train down the tracks."
"Impossible!" Patricia gasped. "Who?"
"We're going to find out," Jasper said. "First, we'll speak to the driver."
"I thought he'd gone?" Patricia glared at Craig. "Someone said he'd driven off."
"I saw him!" Craig shouted. "At least, I thought I saw someone..."
"Calm down," Asma said. "Don't let her faze you."
Craig gathered his soggy, bent postcards and shoved them into his pocket. He turned away from the others and nibbled on his sandwiches, mumbling with crumbs spraying from his mouth.
"I believe him," Wren said. "He hasn't lied so far."
"You've only known him for twenty minutes!" Patricia slammed her touchpad onto the floor. "Friends now? Ha! You didn’t even want to sit with the pig."
Wren lunged for Patricia but Asma held her back.
"We don't have time for this!" Jasper said. "Wren, find the driver. If anything happens, come straight back. Don't use the intercom, all right?"
Craig turned to Jasper. "But it's quicker than coming back."
"Someone out there has a gun," Jasper said. "It could be anyone on this train. Until we know who to trust, we must remain on guard."
Wren nudged Asma and Craig. Staying low, they opened the door and went into the next carriage, where only three people remained. An old man hunched over his table waved the trio over, so they crouched beside him.
"Get away from the window!" Wren said. "Didn't you hear the gunshot?"
"Bleeding Nora! A gun, you say?" The old man shook his head. "I thought I'd just been hearing and seeing things."
"You saw the shooter?"
"He passed through here," the man said. "I asked him to bring me some water, and he did. I saw the gun under his coat."
"Why didn't you say something?" Craig asked. "We could've been killed!"
"I haven't taken my pills, so I thought I was seeing things...Maybe the knuckleduster and shotgun were real too?"
Asma refilled the empty cup and the man took his pills.
"Some people might be injured," she said. "If you see anything else, do let us know." 
The trio passed into the next carriage, which was empty but for a rouge briefcase and folded cloak next to the driver's door. Wren knocked and said, "Driver? Can we come in?"
No answer.
"Is everything all right in there?"
Asma pressed her ear against the door and then shook her head.
Wren opened the door and the trio crept in as the train's system shut down, taking the control panel with it. They stood in the vast shadow stretching around them, listening to each other breathing.
The door slammed shut.
Craig grabbed the handle and tugged hard, but the door would not open. He banged the door until Wren and Asma pulled him away.
"I can't breathe," Craig gasped. "It's too dark! God, please get me a torch or something!"
"Calm down, man," Wren said. "Asma, look for a torch."
Craig sat by the door and rested his head in his hands while the girls rushed around him. Wren pressed every button she could make out in the darkness, but the train was dead. Asma rummaged through the small compartments by the driver's seat before stopping by a skinny closet. She turned the door handle and looked inside.
"Nothing here," she said. "Just the driver's spare clothes and shoes."
"You take over the buttons." Wren and Asma swapped places. "I'll find his ID or something. When we get the power working, we'll go see the hostesses. They can tell us more about the driver."
"Why?" Asma asked.
"Jasper and I think this isn't just power failure or some loser going crazy. It could be terrorists. We might be hostages. That's why the locomotive left. Craig never saw the real driver. Now terrorists have taken the engine and left us powerless."
"What if they planted bombs?" Asma's hands were trembling. "We need to get out of here fast!"
"Or maybe someone didn't pay the electricity bill," Craig said. "Money's tight these days..."
Wren closed the closet door but something knocked against it. She opened the door a crack and spotted an ID card poking from the trouser pocket. She reached for it but her fingers knocked the card onto the floor. When she bent down to pick it up, she locked eyes with wide eyeballs covered in blood red vessels.
"Oh my God!" She fell backwards and scrambled away from the closet. Asma and Craig moved closer, their eyes pinned to the closet. A bruised arm fell from inside and landed with a thud on the floor.
"The driver," Craig gasped. "What happened to him?"
"Look at his face," Asma said, pointing at his puffy eyes.
Wren followed her friend's finger as it moved from his bruised face to the chest with a bone poking from within, and the legs bent so far back they were touching his buttocks. The man's bloodshot eyes stared into death, dried blood showing its trail from his mouth to his shirt.
"You know what?" Craig said. "I didn't see the driver after all. It was someone else."
Asma covered her mouth and heaved.
"We've got to tell Jasper." Wren took Asma's hand and pulled her friend back into the eighth carriage.


Wren closed the door and turned back to the others, who were gathered by the window again. She climbed onto her chair and watched the second carriage slowly rolling down the tracks. Jasper broke through the passengers and sat down with Wren, away from the others.
"What did the driver say?" Jasper asked. "Did he radio in?"
"He's dead."
"Jesus Christ! They shot him?"
"No," she said. "He was beaten badly. The killer packed him into the closet, so we didn't find him right away."
"Rigor mortis?"
"I didn't check."
"Second one's gone," Carlson squealed. "Lights out! It's gone!"
"Did you turn the lights back on?" his father asked Wren.
"No. We were halfway back when they came on. We couldn't try the controls earlier because there wasn't power."
"We need to go back and try again. Any other passengers besides those three?"
"The next carriage was empty except for a briefcase and coat."
"Must've been the driver's," he said. "We'll take it with us when we leave."
Jasper stood on the table and called for everyone's attention. The passengers sat in their seats while the children huddled on the floor, Jasper's sons close to their father's feet.
"The driver is incapacitated," Jasper said.
"What does that mean?" Patricia asked, tapping her foot. "Come on, spit it out!"
"Not with children present."
The children whispered amongst themselves.
"Wren, I need you to find the passenger list. Everyone must be accounted for."
"Why?" Patricia asked. "For goodness sake, what's happening?"
"Find the list and bring it back as soon as possible. After everyone has been checked off, we'll see who belongs and who doesn't."
Wren asked, "Did anyone see the ticket inspectors since we left?"
People shook their heads.
"I'll ask in the other carriages. Who's coming with me?"
"I will," Asma said. "Craig, stay here in case it gets dark again."
"Scared of the dark?" Patricia laughed. "At your age?"
"At my age? What about you, grandma?"
Jasper stomped his foot.
"We don't have time for this!" he said. "Wren, get going. Craig, entertain the kids while I talk to their parents in private."
Craig gathered the children around his table and brought out a pack of playing cards. He waved at Wren and Asma before doing some card tricks for the children.
"You ready?" Wren whispered.
Asma nodded.


Wren and Asma stepped into the next carriage and the door slammed shut. The passengers screamed and ducked before realising where the noise had come from. Wren raised her hands and mouthed, "Sorry" as people rose from their hiding places.
"What's going on?" a woman asked, cradling her baby.
"We don't know," Wren said, "but we're going to find out."
"We heard gunshots," a man cried. "Is someone dead?"
"As I said, we don’t know right now. If you help us, we'll share everything we find out."
"What do you need?" the mother asked, passing the baby to a girl sitting opposite.
"Has anyone seen the ticket inspectors?"
The passengers whispered amongst themselves.
"Hello? Anyone?"
"I heard the inspector went crazy," a teenage boy said. "He lost his job today and shot someone!"
The mother nodded. "It's wrong to spread such rumours, but I heard that story too."
"Thank you," Wren said. She marched on with Asma close behind. "If you hear anything besides gossip, let us know!"
Wren opened the door for Asma, who froze.
"What's up?"
"Someone's out there on the tracks," Asma said. "He was watching."


The skinny hostess in bright yellow uniform frowned and pushed the trolley down the aisle towards Wren and Asma, blocking their path. Wren tried to pass but the hostess side-stepped and held out her hand.
"Do you have a first class pass?" the woman asked. "I thought not. Please return to your car."
"Oh, get lost!" Wren snapped, barging past. "Ladies and gentlemen, can I have your attention, please?"
The men and women's eyes briefly lifted from their laptops and touchpads. They furiously typed away while one businesswoman turned to look, her eyes on the trolley.
"Has anyone seen the ticket inspectors?"
"He was with the driver," the hostess said, refilling a cup of coffee. "Most fare dodgers stay at the other end of the train, not here. He starts from there and works his way down."
"So you know him well?" Asma asked.
"He started working here two years ago. He's so good they've got him training the newcomer!"
"A trainee?" Asma looked around. "Where is he?"
"He gave her the day off. She's been working so hard lately, she deserves it!"
"What about the driver?" Wren asked. "What can you tell us about him?"
"Wait, who are you guys anyway?" The hostess tapped her name card. "Let me see yours!"
"You suspect us?" Wren snorted. "We're trying to figure out what the hell's going on round here! Meanwhile, you're kissing their asses!"
Several of the business people laughed.
"You don't understand," the hostess whispered. "Quentin told me to stay here. We've got to please our highest paying customers first! They paid a hundred times what you did."
"What about the gunshots?"
"So it was a gunshot?" the businesswoman gasped. Some of the others turned to look, worried looks on their faces.
The hostess quickly said, "Look, I told you it was not a gunshot. The ticket inspector is celebrating his two year anniversary today, so he brought in some extra large bottles of bubbly. I will pass round the corks as proof in due course."
The hostess grabbed the girls by their wrists and yanked them back into the fifth carriage.
"I will not let you scare our customers," she spat. "Return to your carriage now or you will never use our services again, understand?"
The hostess slammed the door in their faces.


Wren and Asma were heading back to their carriage when the teenage boy pointed outside. The others rushed to the windows and watched the flickering lights in the third carriage. Inside the passengers were dashing about except for one man, who stayed in his seat, rocking back and forth.
"Weirdo," Wren grumbled, turning away.
"There's the man who was outside!"
"Are you sure?"
Darkness returned. The girls held hands as the loud screams filled the carriage. Then there was silence. The lights turned back on.
Wren watched the third carriage slowly rolling down the tracks. Inside the man was still seated, but now his hand was stuck to the glass, a bloody handprint underneath. As the carriage slid from view, the man slumped over, revealing a cloaked figure seated beside him.
Wren tried the door handle to the fourth carriage, but it was locked. The hostess appeared on the other side and jangled a bunch of keys by the glass, a smug look on her face. She clipped them on her belt and pushed her trolley down the aisle.
"Didn't you see the body?" Wren cried. "You're next!"
Asma nudged her and pointed at the windows in carriage four, the blinds all down.
"Damn it!" Wren banged on the glass. "We can't just leave them there!"
"We must find the passenger list," Asma said. "I think I know where to look..."


Asma reached for the briefcase but Wren slapped her hand away.
"Ow! That hurt!"
"It could be a bomb," Wren said. "You can't just open it!"
"So what do you suggest?"
"I don't know, all right? I just don't wanna be blown to pieces!"
"We've got no choice."
Asma slipped her fingers around the handle and gently lifted the briefcase off the seat.
There was a click.
The girls threw themselves to the floor and covered their heads. A moment later, Wren peeked out and saw the open locks on the briefcase. She sighed and tapped Asma on the shoulder.
"It's all right," Wren said. "The locks popped open."
Asma rolled onto her back and took a few deep breaths.
Wren pulled the briefcase down to the floor and opened it. Inside were pens, a phone, a clipboard with lists on it, and documents stapled together. She took out the clipboard and scanned the list of names.
"Asma Miah," she said. "Not bad, not bad."
"What's yours?" Asma asked, still catching her breath.
"Wren Ives."
"Nice."
"What's Craig's?"
"...Nothing special. It's Brown."
Wren carried the briefcase under her arm and looked over the list as they briskly walked back to their carriage. Suddenly Asma stopped and Wren bumped into her, dropping the case. The papers fell to the floor in a heap.
"Asma, what the hell?"
"He was there again."
Wren looked out the windows on both sides, but she could not see anyone there.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes! Of course I am!"
"Calm down," Wren said. "He can't stay hidden for long. If he's not on the list, he's busted!"
"What if he's an inspector, driver, or waiter?" Asma asked. "Being an employee is the perfect excuse for not being on the register."
"There's only one way to find out."


Wren and Asma helped the old man and others from the seventh carriage into theirs. They sat them down and all turned to Jasper, who was standing by the door. He turned to the first page of the register with a red pen in hand.
"When I call out your name, show me your passport and move into carriage seven. Do not go into the driver's car...We can't risk damaging the controls!"
Jasper read out the first name.
"Derek Jackson?"
A teenage boy raised his hand and showed his passport.
"Andrea Lawson?"
A young woman nodded and moved along.
"Benjamin, Carlson, and Michael Mariko?"
Jasper patted each boy on the head as they filed into the next carriage. He called out his own name, "Jasper Mariko" and crossed it off.
One by one, each person moved into the seventh carriage. Soon Jasper was the only one left. Wren returned and looked over the list.
"You stay here and direct everyone to their seats," Jasper said. "I'll send passengers over from the fifth carriage."
"Be careful."
Jasper gave a bright smile and strode into the fifth carriage.


"Wren?"
Wren squeezed through carriage six and met with Jasper in the fifth carriage. He showed her the list, every name crossed off.
"Everyone is accounted for thus far," he said. "One more carriage to go."
"What if the bad guy is on the list?" she asked.
"Then we'll check over everyone's ID cards, driving licences, and every other document they've got." Jasper patted the briefcase. "Maybe there's more info for us to work with in here."
Jasper gave her the briefcase.
"Tell me what you find," he said. "See if there are any clues. Maybe the driver wrote something important down. Maybe the train company mentioned someone they were keeping an eye on. At least find out if the dead man in the carriage is the real driver. You never know..."
"I'm on it!"
"Wait, Wren!" He patted her head. "You're doing good, kid. Your parents will be proud."
"I'm not a baby," she said. "But thanks. You're pretty cool too!"
"I can't wait to tell my kids I'm cool." He laughed. "Anyway, be care-"
The glass in the door smashed, sending shards raining down on Wren and Jasper. They ran and turned back in time to see the hostess standing by the doorway in the fourth carriage. Blood tears streamed down her face as she screamed and screamed. A woman pushed her aside and pulled at the door handle before another smacked her out of the way. The passengers fought over the handle, no one there long enough to turn it. The hostess reappeared with the keys, but when someone shoved her again, the keys flew through the broken glass and landed on the tracks below.
Wren willed herself to do something, but her feet were glued to the spot. Her legs were wobbly and her face was flushed. She leaned on Jasper, who held her firmly by his side.
"What's happening?" Jasper whispered. "Oh God!"
A shot was fired and two women at the door fell. The other passengers cried out, reaching out to Wren and Jasper. Another shot lit up the carriage, and a man gasped his last breath before tumbling onto the hostess beside him. Smoke billowed from the carriage, the smell of gunpowder smothering Wren's nose. When the last bodies fell, there was the sound of a key turning in the lock.
"Wren, run!"
Wren followed Jasper into the next carriage, the sound of heavy boots stomping behind them. She dared to look over her shoulder and screamed as the hooded figure reached out, his fingertips brushing over her hair. Jasper yanked her into the sixth carriage and barricaded the door with the pushchair. The shooter aimed through the glass and the shotgun clicked, so he grabbed cartridges from under his cloak and shoved them into the barrel.
Wren tumbled into the seventh carriage and burst into tears as Asma and Craig hugged her. Jasper headed straight for his sons waiting at the other end.
"We heard gunshots," Asma said. "Are you hurt?"
"Not now," Jasper snapped. "The children shouldn't hear this."
"They heard it already!" Patricia shoved her touchpad away. "We have a right to know what is going on. Speak up! Now!"
Wren looked around at the worried faces and saw the passengers cowering in carriage eight. She climbed onto the table and everyone turned to face her.
"Don't, Wren," Jasper cried. "Think of the children!"
"They're not stupid," she said. "They know something's wrong."
"What's going on, Dad?" Benjamin asked. "Is someone tryin' to kill us?"
"No, Ben."
Jasper held his sons tightly.
"Yes," Wren said. "Someone is trying to kill us."
"Oh my God!" a woman cried.
"Why?" a girl asked. "I haven't been bad."
"Who's the killer?" A muscular man tightened his fists. "We'll get him!"
Some men and women cheered the man on as he punched the air with his fists.
"He's got a shotgun," Wren said. "What do you have?"
The man sat back down and pulled the cap over his face. The others jeered.
"Leave him alone!" Wren stomped her foot. "He's just as scared as the rest of us. If anyone else is willing to fight the killer, speak up or shut up!"
The passengers looked down, avoiding eye contact.
"We're trapped," Wren said. "The engine has gone. The driver is dead. The carriages ahead are empty so this one must be next!"
A little girl started to cry and soon the other children followed. The adults hugged their children and wiped their tears, but the look of defeat on their faces was little comfort. Jasper sat with his sons, still holding them close.
"So this is it," Craig said, wiping his snotty nose. "This is how it all ends."
"It's not over yet!" Asma stood beside Wren. "There's still hope."
"What do you suggest, young madam?" Patricia asked. "Should we run down the live tracks and get fried? Wait for the murderer to break in here, guns blazing? Or should we blow ourselves up to go on our own terms? You'd be an expert at that..."
"I beg your pardon?" Asma stepped down to Patricia. "What on earth is that supposed to mean?"
Patricia laughed. "At least we would go out with a bang."
Wren jumped down and stepped between them. Asma walked away, clutching her gold chain necklace so hard it was digging into her neck.
"Asma is right," Wren said. "It's not over yet!"
"Then what do you suggest?"
"We have to leave. If we stay, we're dead."
"There's only one shooter, right?" a man asked.
"That we know of," Wren replied. "What if there's more? Besides, one of us could be his accomplice. How else could he move carriages without the engine? Someone must've helped him!"
"Hey, did you find that inspector?" the mother asked. "We told you he went crazy!"
"Did any hostesses make it?" Asma said. "They're the only ones who saw the inspector and his trainee!"
"They're not with us anymore..." Wren looked down at the briefcase. "Maybe the driver left some clues!"
"That's not his case," the old man said. "He had a dirty black rucksack. The guy was so bloody scruffy!"
"So whose is this?"
Everyone looked at each other but no one claimed the bag. Craig went into the next carriage and asked, but returned and shook his head.
Wren opened the briefcase and flicked through the stapled documents. The first sheets in each stack were labelled by number, one to nine. She took the first batch of papers and peeled back the cover page.
"What is it?" Asma asked.
Wren skimmed the page detailing key information on locomotives. It documented the history of locomotives from the initial production taken by the inventor Richard Trevithick to advancements in technology. She quickly looked over the drawings on the locomotive's inner workings and instructions on how it functioned.
In the next batch were the driver's control instructions. There were drawings of the entire control car with brief details on each button and lever's purpose. Next were explanations for the purpose of every light, ranging from low fuel to missed traffic signals.
"It's all ticked off like someone-"
"Memorised it," Asma interrupted. "Why would someone carry this around?"
Wren moved on to the next batch of papers, the cover page labelled CARRIAGE ONE, and turned to the first page.
"Name? Missus Elaine Jameson," Wren read aloud. "Age? Fifty-three. Address? Fifty-five Ivy Square, Stoke Newington, E4HUJL..."
"What's wrong?" Jasper asked. "I'm sure Elaine won't mind if you read her file. If she was in carriage one, she's dead."
 "Death method? Train explosion. Justification? She took all the inheritance, leaving us broke. We hate her. Nominated by? Her sisters Agatha and Christine Jameson. Bid? Two thousand pounds e-cheque, but one thousand pound cash instalments preferred."
Wren turned the page.
"Mister Mark Green. Age? Seventeen. He lives at Twenty Rose Drive, Islington, E8TYH." Wren paused to catch her breath. "Train crash, but a fire preferred. Justification? He shamed the family with his drug addiction. He's clean now, but how long will it last? He fooled us before. Stop him before it happens again. Nominated by his parents, Marcus and Alice Green. Fifty thousand pounds is our final offer. Cash, e-cheque or bank transfer."
Patricia pushed Asma aside and grabbed the sheets from carriage six. She flicked through the pages and stopped on her name.
"Patricia Evans," she said, her voice trembling. "Aged...they got it wrong."
Asma peeked over Patricia's shoulder. "Sixty!"
"I said they got it wrong! Train or accident, whichever is most convenient...Our mother has set up a trust fund which will release payment five years after her death. We cannot wait that long. Our businesses are on the brink of administration. Our stocks and shares will plummet. We will be penniless. If she dies sooner rather than later, the bank might give us more time. We are desperate! Death nominated by Paul, Patrick, and Patrice Evans."
"How much?" Asma asked.
"The inheritance is estimated to be worth at least sixty million," Patricia read. "Name your price. Direct bank transfer via the Cayman Islands."
Asma tore off her paper and sat down alone. She looked over the sheet and then stared out the window. Craig took his paper and sat with her.
"I won't look," he said. "No point, really. I know who it is."
"Those bloody brats!" Patricia screeched, ripping the paper to shreds. "How dare they try and kill me? After all those years of private schooling, extra tuition, music lessons, horse riding lessons, and don't forget my attempt to marry Patricia off to that Saudi Arabian Prince! Damn her, she could have been his tenth wife!"
"I don't want to know," Wren said, folding her paper away. "Not yet."
The adults discovered who wanted them dead. Most of them cried at the betrayal. Some nodded their heads as if they had already known. Others got angry and tore the papers apart. The remaining few shook their heads in disbelief.
Jasper found the Marikos' nominations and skimmed over the pages. He quickly folded the papers away and shoved them into his trouser pocket.
"This can't be right," he said. "There must be some mistake."
"What's wrong?" Wren asked.
"The details are right, but the information is a lie!" Jasper kicked the chair beside him. "Why would she lie like this?"
"Who?"
"My wife! She accused me of cheating on her, but I'd never do that." He glanced over at the children, who were playing with their videogames. "Please don't tell my boys."
"It's none of my business anyway," Wren said.
"How's yours?"
"I haven't looked yet."
"Should I look for you?"
Wren shook her head.
"Let's focus on getting out of here," she said. "Then the traitors will pay!"


"I know you're suffering right now," Wren said, "I know it hurts. The person you love wants you dead. You trusted them with your life, your whole life. You still love them to bits. Well, that love dies here.
"Forget them. Forget the betrayal. Forget the anger. It's time to survive. We can't die down here and give them the satisfaction." The passengers cheered. "We're going to make it. The killer can come, but we won't be here...We'll be long gone."
"Enough with the life coaching ridiculousness," Patricia snapped. "What's the plan?"
"We're gonna walk out."
"And then?"
"Walk back to England. There were farms on the way. We'll ask a farmer for help, he'll call the police, and -"
"Out there?" Craig asked, sweating profusely. "It's very dark, you know? We could wait."
"He's right," the muscular man said. "We'll sit tight and wait for the cops. They should be here pretty soon."
"What help?" Wren asked. "The driver is dead. The staff were shot. We're on our own! No one's called for help and no one's going to."
"All the more reason to stay here," an old woman said. "If everyone thinks we're all right, they'll send another train through. I'd rather get hit sitting in here than walking on the tracks."
"There's room to walk." Wren pointed at the maintenance platform running along the tunnel. "We'll stay up there."
"I can barely see it!" The old woman squinted as she looked outside. "One wrong move and I'll fall on the tracks."
"Plus we'll be good targets for that maniac," a bespectacled man said. "If we stay here, we can keep out of sight. Out there, we're toast!"
"Oh, come on! He might see us, he might not. It's dark out there. In here, he can clearly see us because of the lights. If you stay on the floor, he could shoot through the windows or the roof."
"I'm staying." The old woman poured herself a cup of tea from her flask.
"Me too." The bespectacled man slipped his arm around the slender woman beside him. "Who else is going?"
"We're not," the mother said, rocking her baby to sleep. "I'm not taking my kids out there! Have you gone mad?"
"If you stay here, the shooter will kill you all. If we're really careful, no one will touch the live tracks."
"And which one is live?"
Wren shrugged.
"Exactly! I don't want my kids to fry!" The mother pulled back the blue shawl and popped her nipple into the baby's mouth. "We'll take our chances. We'll barricade ourselves in."
"With what?"
"The suitcases and bags. We're not leaving, all right?"
"If anything happens," her son said, "tell Grandpa I hate him."
"You can tell him yourself."
The boy's mother shot Wren a dirty look and directed her son to his siblings, who were playing with their toys.
Jasper gently led Wren away from the family, her eyes still on the children. They stopped by the doorway and watched Craig and Asma help the last person off the train. Wren looked back once more.
"It's their decision," Jasper said. "If they want to stay, let them."
"What about the children? They don't have a choice. It's not fair!"
The men barricaded the doors between carriages with luggage, her rucksack dumped at the front of the pile.
"They're dead," Wren said. "He can shoot through the windows, the roof, anything..."
She took Jasper's hand and carefully climbed down. Her eyes on the tracks, she steadily walked ahead with the others. Jasper closed the door and caught up with the other nineteen.
Outside the train, Wren and Asma slowly walked towards the platform. Ahead of them, people climbed up and helped the two elderly men and Patricia. Jasper's sons easily climbed up with their father close behind.
"I've got a bad feeling," Asma said, clutching her necklace.
"For them or for us?"
"Both."
They climbed onto the platform and followed the others filing ahead.
"Who nominated you?" Wren asked. "Was it your family?"
"They were mad when I didn't fall for Hardeep. After looking for so long, they finally found the perfect husband for me. Rich, a hard-worker, Asian, and so handsome.  He ticked off every box except..."
"You weren't in love."
"I love him so much. He loves me too...or so I thought."
"What do you mean?"
"Hardeep nominated me."
"No!"
"When I asked, he said he wasn't in love with me, but he must have lied. I embarrassed him, he claimed. His family blamed him when it didn't work out. In turn, he blamed me."
"The bastard," Wren muttered.
"Who nominated you?"
"Joanna did."
"How do you know for certain?" Asma asked. "If you'd asked me, I'm ashamed to say my family would've been the only suspects on my list. They were furious after my arranged marriage meltdown."
Wren's hand hovered over her trouser pocket.
"Go on..."
"Mike, what's wrong?" Jasper squeezed past the others and picked up his youngest son. He patted his back but the boy was coughing, pointing at his chest.
"Can't breathe," Michael wheezed. "Daddy, it hurts!"
"Where's your inhaler?"
Benjamin took the inhaler from his pocket and handed it to his brother. Michael used the inhaler while his father fanned him with their death nomination.
"What triggered it?" Craig asked. "Why didn't it happen on the train?"
"The tunnel's ventilation shafts," Asma said. "Maybe they're faulty."
Jasper held the paper over the shaft and a gentle breeze pushed it away. He motioned Craig over and climbed onto his shoulders. With Wren and Asma steadying them, Jasper sniffed the gas and almost fell down.
"No smell or taste or anything." Jasper wobbled slightly. "God, my head hurts!"
"First bullets, now gas." Asma fanned Jasper with her paper.
"The bastard," Wren cried. "For flip's sake, what next?"
"The train," Jasper said.
They turned back and the passengers waved.
"We've got to go back," Wren said. "They'll die in there!"
"I'm not taking my boys back." Jasper took Michael's hand and continued on. "They chose their fate."
"Kids will die," Wren shouted. "They could've been yours!"
"They're not."
"Hurry up," Patricia said. "I am not dying down here. If those brats think they're getting my money, they'll be very disappointed!"
Asma tugged Wren's arm and they kept walking.


The old woman dropped her knitting needles on the table and a boy stopped them from rolling onto the floor. She gave him a handful of liquorice sweets from her woolly pouch.
"Good puppy," she slurred. "Sit!"
"I'm not a dog!"
"Shoo, you silly thing!"
The boy ran to hide under his mother's table.
"Where's my tea?" the woman shouted. "I've been waiting for ages!"
Two men placed a rolled up shirt on the table and she rested her head on it, muttering before she fell asleep.
"Poor woman," the muscular man said. "She's going senile in a place like this."
His friend placed a hand on her damp forehead. "She seemed fine when Wren gave her little speech."
"The old have good days and bad days. My gran was the same. One minute she'd remember everything up until World War Two. The next, we were strangers to her."
The friend nodded.
"If she gets any worse, we'll look for some meds."
"Nah, she's fine." The friend draped his coat around the woman. "Let her sleep."


Wren felt like her head had been run over by the train. She rubbed her forehead, but the pain moved to the back of her head. She massaged near her neck, but the discomfort moved to her temples. She cried out in frustration.
"Just keep going," Asma said. "Think of the fresh air outside."
"We've been moving for an hour, right? Maybe we should walk faster?"
"We were but it took too much air." Asma let Wren walk in front. "Focus on home. Think of your family."
Wren flinched as if Asma had slapped her. She walked with gritted teeth, wishing her hands were around Joanna's neck.
"I think I see daylight!" a woman called from the front, and sprinted ahead.
"Careful," Jasper shouted. "Watch out!"
The woman tripped over and fell to the tracks below. 
Jasper turned his sons away and closed his eyes. Asma knelt down, clutching her necklace so tightly it broke off. Craig vomited onto the railway, chocolate and sandwiches pouring out. Once again, Wren was frozen to the spot. She watched in horror as volts shot through the woman's convulsing body. She covered her ears to block out the woman's continuous high-pitched scream and willed her body to turn away, but it only listened when the woman's head burst into flames.


"The baby won't wake up!" the mother cried, gently shaking her son. "Somebody help!"
"Quiet, woman," the muscular man said, his purple neck veins bulging. "You're giving me a headache."
"Me too!" his friend chimed. "Man, that hangover came back, didn't it?"
The men tapped the old woman's shoulder but she stayed asleep, so they covered her with their coats and rested their heads on the table.
"Just a little nap," the muscular man said. "I'll take some paracetamol later."
The old woman sprung up and vomited. The sick spread across the table but the men kept their heads down.
"Whatever," the muscular man said. "Innit, mate?"
"Yeah..."


Wren ran out the tunnel and fell into her father's arms. He waved over Winnie and they walked to their red sports car. Inside, Wren held Winnie on her lap while she nuzzled his locks.
"The police need a statement," John said. "I'll tell them you're not ready."
"No, I'll do it now." Wren coughed, her throat burning.
"Are you sure? It can wait."
"No. The sooner they find the killer the better."
Wren rubbed her eyes but they kept stinging. She left the car and met the police officers by their vehicle. The baby-faced officer pulled out his notepad and pen while the other stepped before Wren.
"Miss Wren Ives?"
Wren nodded.
"Thank you for speaking with us. I am Officer Gregory West. My colleague Officer Timothy Michaels will be taking notes."
Officer Michaels nodded at Wren.
"May I call you Wren?" West asked.
"Yes."
"Can you tell us what happened?"
"The train stopped and this guy shut everything down. The lights went out and he shot people. I wanted to help but I couldn't move. We told everyone to leave, but they didn't want to. We went in the tunnel but the killer released gas. It was hard to breathe. A woman fell on the tracks and...We kept walking on and on, but it's like the tunnel would never end!"
"What happened next?"
Officer Michaels looked up from the notepad.
"I don't remember."
"Do you know why?"
Wren shook her head.
"Because it hasn’t happened yet."
"I don’t understand..."
The officers went to the family car and waited for John and Winnie. Together, they walked to the edge of the cliff, holding hands. They looked out at the sea, deeply inhaling the salty air as the waves crashed against the shore.
Wren sensed another presence. She spun round and spotted Joanna standing at the tunnel entrance. Joanna strode towards her, her golden hair billowing in the wind. Her blue eyes stared past Wren at the cliff edge.
"Stay away!" Wren shouted. "I won't let you hurt them!"
Wren threw Joanna down and smacked her until she was still. When she pulled Joanna up by her hair, the blonde giggled.
"What's so funny?"
"Stupid girl. You fell for it." Joanna laughed so hard she wet herself.
"I knew you were faking it," Wren said. "I knew you still hated me!"
"You can't come out," Joanna hissed. "You will die in there with the rest of them."
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" Wren shoved Joanna down. "I won't give you the satisfaction!"
Wren ran towards her family and the officers, but when she was within arms' reach, they all stepped off the cliff and vanished. The waves froze, the seagulls hovered in the sky, and the air began to choke her. She dashed back to the car but the doors were locked and Joanna had gone.
"You can't come out!"
Wren rushed to the cliff edge and saw her family and the officers floating on the water. Bullet holes dotted their bodies from head to toe, a pistol in each hand. Water shot through the holes and rained down on them, forming small pools on their torsos. Slowly, they sank beneath the surface.
"Don't leave me! Wait!"
Wren slipped over the edge and carefully climbed down. The jagged rocks pricked her palms, but she bit her lip and bore the pain. She looked down and saw her loved ones disappear into the dark depths.
"I hate you, Joanna!" she screamed. "I hate you!"
The sea spat at her, almost knocking her down. She clung on and watched as the ocean mist gathered on the rocks below, taking on a green flow. It rose, devouring the rock beneath her. She started the ascent but the green mist was quickly gaining ground.
"You can't come out! You'll die in there, Wren!"
The mist washed over her and wrapped around her body. It pulled her up the cliff, her head banging against the rocks. She clawed at the cocoon dragging her back into the tunnel. Daylight grew distant as the mist took her to the cloaked figure in the darkness, waiting patiently with a shotgun.
"Hello," he said.
"Why're you doing this?"
"Didn't you read your nomination?" He cocked the gun and pointed the barrel at her breast. "It's heartbreaking, isn't it?"
"No. I knew she hated me."
"Did you?" He lowered the gun.
"I'm just glad I made Joanna's life hell when I had the chance. A pity I left Mum to live with her. At least I kept Dad and Winnie safe..." She blinked back the tears. "Well, I hope so. She might leave them alone now I'm dead."
The shooter walked away.
"That's it?" Wren whispered.
"No." He walked faster. "We're not done yet."


The boy took the baby while his mother cleaned up the old woman's vomit. When she told the men what they had been lying in, they shrugged and went back to sleep. 
Back at the family's table, the mother squeezed out gel from the sanitizer bottle and rubbed it over her hands.
"Very odd," she whispered. "Everyone's acting a bit funny."
"What's going on, Mummy?"
"Nothing, honey." She took out his colouring book and pens from the green bag. "Just finish your drawing, okay? Your mum will love it."
The boy frowned and reluctantly took a red pen.
"Don't be like that, honey. She's your mother. She...loves you."
"Who nominated me? Was it my real dad? He used to-"
"Not now, honey," she said. "Finish your drawing."
The boy doodled on the page until he heard a loud thud behind him. He turned back and saw his two year old sister on the floor, blood seeping from her head. Standing over her was their father, his arms hanging limply by his side. He howled at the lifeless toddler on the floor and then fell down, knocking his head against the table. He convulsed at the boy's feet.
"Daddy!" He backed away from his father. "Daddy, stop it. You're scaring me!"
"Oh God! Gene?" His mother tried to hold her husband down. "Gene, what's wrong?"
The boy looked around for help. Parents were crying as their children struggled to breathe in their arms. A man shuffled around and reached out to the boy before toppling over. The boy tugged on the man's arm, but his glassy eyes stared ahead. The boy followed his death gaze to the tunnel outside where a dark hooded figure was watching, a pistol in each hand. He raised both guns and fired at the boy, who threw himself to the floor. The boy turned to his mother, who was now gasping for air, her chest quickly rising and falling. He placed his hand over her heart and felt her racing pulse. Then it stopped.
In tears, the boy crawled through the chaos. People collapsed, clutching their chests. Others wandered around aimlessly until the shooter brought them down. Bodies on the floor shook as their souls drained away. The boy looked back and saw the shooter fire through the windows. The glass shattered and the killer climbed inside. He turned to the boy's sister, who lay by the dead old woman, and pressed the gun barrel against her forehead.
"Leave her alone!" the boy screamed.
The killer fired.
The boy dashed into the next carriage and tripped over a dead woman with her crying baby still in her arms. He tried to pry the baby from her grasp but the gunshots were getting closer. He ran to the driver's car and bolted the door shut.
Backing away from the door, his foot knocked something rigid on the floor. He looked down and screamed when he saw the driver's broken legs. Frantically he pressed the buttons on the control board and pushed the levers forwards, but the train would not move. He grabbed the intercom and pushed down the red button on the panel.
"Hello?" a soft voice asked. "Channel Train Four? Is everything-"


"She's dead," Asma wept, stroking Wren's hand.
"You did all you could," Craig said. "At least she died peacefully."
"She just collapsed! I grabbed her just in time before...you know."
Jasper whispered something.
"How can you suggest such a thing?" Asma cried. "I'm not leaving her behind! Craig, pick her up."
"I know this is hard, but we've got to leave her behind," Jasper said. "She'll slow us down."
"Are you leaving your son?"
"Yes, and it hurts, Asma. It hurts like hell! However, it must be done!" Someone paced up and down. "I need to save my boys. It's too late for little Mike, but I can still save his brothers."
A child had a brief coughing fit.
"See, Asma? It's too dangerous! What if the gas comes in here? We'll have nowhere else to go!"
Asma started to cry.
"Jasper's right," Craig said, his voice hoarse. "Think of the others. Think of your family. If we die down here, who will tell the world the truth?"
Asma gently placed Wren's hand down and tied her necklace around Wren's neck.
"Goodbye, Wren," Asma whispered. "Sleep tight."


"We need help," the boy cried. "There's someone tryin' to kill us!"
"Who is it? Did you see him?"
"I don't know. It's all dark out there!"
"There's nothing you can tell me?"
"Sorry, Miss. Please, just come get me out!"
"I can't help unless you say what's going on. Is there an adult I can speak to?"
There was static interference and then the sound of heavy breathing.
"You still there?" the boy asked.
"Who's the killer?"
"I said I don't know!"
"Is it me?"
"No..."
"How do you know that?" The man laughed.
"Leave us alone!" the boy shouted. "I just wanna go home."
"Did you read the paper like the others?"
The boy shook his head.
"I thought not. If you had, you would know that your real mother does not want you anymore. She has a new life now. You are holding her back."
"But, I love her." The boy wept over the radio.
"Prove it."
"How?" The boy wiped his tears. "I'll do anything!"
"She wants to be happy...You can make her happy."
"How?"
"Come out."


Wren turned over and lay face down on the rough concrete. The floor chilled her tingly skin, so she stayed still, her bruised wrist aching. She breathed deeply, wincing as the heavy air scratched her lungs.
A door slammed shut farther down.
"Hello?" a man called, his foreign accent strong. "Anybody there?"
Wren tried to answer but she struggled to breathe, let alone speak.
He'll come by, she thought. He'll take me to the others.
The man called out again, his voice echoing down the black corridor. In vain, Wren tried to speak again.
"Is someone there?" the man shouted. "I just came from the train. Everyone's dead!"
Everyone but you, she thought.
"Somebody, please! Anyone?"
"I'm here," Wren whispered. "I'm down here!"
"Hey! Speak up!"
"I'm here," she said.
She heard a faint click.
"Stay where you are," he said. "I'm coming!"
There was another click.
"Sit tight."
A gun was cocked.
"I'm coming."
Wren turned over and dragged herself across the floor. Her heart beat faster as the man got closer, dragging something heavy. She reached another door to the platform and tried the handle, but it was locked. She held on to the door and pulled herself up, not letting go until her legs were steady. Then she shuffled down the corridor, the man's calls echoing around her.
"Where are you?" he said. "I know you're there."
Wren willed her legs to move faster, but when they did her chest burned from the gas lingering in her lungs. She stopped to catch her breath but her heart was pumping blood too fast. Her back against the wall, she fell to the floor and clasped her hands in prayer.
"I'm coming," the man said. "Wait."
Wren tugged her afro hair, fighting the urge to scream. The man's footsteps drew nearer every second, and soon he was jogging towards her. Then he was running, his breathing heavier and heavier. Wren felt around the darkness for a weapon. Her hands slid over the rough concrete floor, the smooth stone walls, and then the metal grate on the wall. She yanked it off, scurried into the shaft and pulled the grate back into place.
"I hear you," the man said. He stood by the shaft, his black cloak hanging before her. He strolled up and down, sniffing the air. Then he stopped by the grate and crouched down.
Her hands were trembling as he knelt down and spotted her. His grey eyes were so pale they looked white, almost glowing in the dark. She held on to the grate, even when the killer produced a silenced pistol and aimed at her.
"Come out," he ordered. "Now."
"You can't shoot through there!"
The killer pulled the grate but Wren held on. There was a tug of war, both winning and losing. Finally the killer let go and Wren held the grate firmly in place. The shooter opened his cloak, revealing the shotgun attached to his hip holster. He tore off the gun and shoved the barrel between the grate. Wren stared down the barrel, a shiny bullet down below.
"Do you see those bullets?"
"Yes." She gulped.
"One for Asma Miah and another for Craig Brown." He kicked the grate and marched off down the corridor, calling out as he had before.
Wren pushed the grate but it stayed in place. She turned around and stomped on the grate until her feet were sore, but the metal frame budged only slightly. She cursed and crawled ahead, following the loud fans whirring.


The hooded man dropped the boy's corpse on the seat and strapped him in. He placed a crayon in the boy's hand and positioned the drawing under the other. He pushed the mother's breast into the baby's mouth and rested the child's head on her chest.
"They never saw it coming," he said. "The crash. The fire. The explosion."
The killer jumped out the window and sprinted down the tracks, careful to avoid the live rail, and hopped into the locomotive. He turned on the engine and reversed the cart back down to the first carriage. Quickly he reattached each carriage until the train was whole. Slowly he reversed down the tracks back to England and turned the lights on.
"Twenty seats to fill," he said. "Twenty bodies to come."


"Did you hear that?" Jasper asked Craig. The men stopped and listened.
"Yeah, it's a guy!" Craig cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted, "We're down here!"
"Who is it?" Asma asked.
"Probably someone from the train," Craig said. "The more the better, I guess."
"How did he survive the gas?" Asma asked. "It was unbearable enough on the maintenance platform. How on earth did he survive stuck on the train?"
The men looked at each other, horror creeping onto their faces.
"Wait for me!" the stranger called. "I'm coming!"
Jasper ran ahead of the group and gathered them together. He put his finger to his lips until they were all silent.
"I need you to remain calm," he said. "What I am about to say will scare you, but you must keep quiet and stay calm."
"Spit it out," Patricia whispered. "What's wrong now?"
"Wait for me!" the stranger called, closer now. "I'll be there in a minute!"
"That's the killer," Jasper said. "We need to get out of this tunnel before he gets here. When I say go, run like your life depends on it. Don't look back! Don't slow down! Don't stop!"
The two old men looked at Jasper wearily.
"Are you ready?" Jasper asked, taking a hold of his sons' hands. "Go!"
The passengers dashed down the corridor. Jasper ran as fast as his sons could move, but soon they had to stop to catch their breaths. He picked them up and ran with one under each arm. When his legs began to ache, he pictured his wife signing his death warrant, and moved faster, anger fuelling his body.
"Why are you running?" the stranger shouted. "Do not delay the inevitable."
"Keep going," Jasper said. "Don't stop!"
The old men fell behind but the others kept going. Only Asma slowed to look back but the men waved her on. In tears, she hesitated before running after the others.
In the distance were a dim yellow light and a faint humming noise. Jasper ran ahead and stopped by the open door emitting the yellow glow.
"You said we should not stop," Patricia said.
"We could try this corridor, but it might be another trap." Jasper placed his sons down and stretched his arms out. "Should we go in there or keep running?"
"I can't go anymore," Craig gasped, clutching his waist. "I've got bad cramp!"
"I'll go wherever you go, Craig," Asma said. "I don't want to lose anyone else."
"We'll vote," Jasper said. "Raise your hand if you want to try this corridor."
Craig, Asma, Jasper and his sons raised their hands.
"Who wants to go on?"
The other fourteen raised their hands.
"I can't run anymore," Craig huffed. "I'm staying."
Asma stood by Craig. "Then I'm staying too."
The sound of two gunshots echoed in the corridor, followed by two loud thuds.
"Go on," Jasper said, waving off the others. "Good luck!"
The men, women, and children ran down the corridor and disappeared into the darkness.


Wren crawled down the ventilation shaft leading away from the maintenance corridor. She peered through the grate to the room ahead, where large machines hummed continuously. She kicked off the grate and slipped down onto the machine below. Stuck to the top was a label reading Air Humidifier and on the floor were ten gas canisters hooked to metre long thick tubes, four canisters connected to the humidifiers. Wren wiped the dust off a canister and read the label.
"Carbon monoxide? Oh my God...I've got to turn it off!"
There were hundreds of humidifier buttons below the flashing lights. Working her way across the room, she randomly pressed buttons until all the lights were off. The fans died down until the noisy gas canisters could be heard.
"What now?"
She twisted the valves on the canisters and detached them from the humidifiers. Now standing in silence, she heard footsteps approaching. She ducked between the machines farthest from the door and held her breath as a heavy-footed person trudged into the room.
The person stopped in the centre of the room. He nudged the canister with his foot and picked up the detached tube. After cursing, he threw it to the floor and stormed out.
Wren peeked round the machine and saw an eye watching from outside. She gasped and the man rushed back in, heading straight for her. She armed herself with a canister and twisted open the valve, the monoxide hissing as it escaped.
"Don't shoot," she shouted. "You'll kill us both!"
The man stopped metres away.
 "You'll blow us both to death!"
Wren peered round the corner and saw the hooded figure pointing two pistols at her. When he smiled, she saw his perfect white teeth glowing. He walked over to her and pressed the gun against her temple.
"Get up," he said.
"You won't shoot!"
"Carbon monoxide is not flammable."
"You sure about that?"
The man opened his cloak, revealing the array of guns. Resting on his ankle was a thin metal wire with thick handles, a dark liquid dripping from the wire. As he reached down, Wren banged the canister on his head, knocking  his hood off. Before she saw his face, the man turned away, cradling his head in his hands.
"You can run," he said as she dashed by, "but you're already dead."
Wren kept running until she saw a yellow light ahead. Believing it was the sun, she kept onwards to the doorway at the end. Close to the door, she glanced over her shoulder and saw the shooter giving chase, his hood flapping away. Within arm's reach, his hood fell backwards and he quickly turned away again. Wren stopped at the doorway and watched the man pull the hood back over his face, but not before she saw his shiny dark skin that matched his black gloves.
"Someone wants you dead," he said. "She will get what she wants."
Wren passed through the doorway and kept running down the shadowy corridors. There was the faint smell of gas, so she held her breath before she reached the next set of doors.
On the other side was a stairwell. She dashed up the grey stairs and found two doors, one opened into a closet and the other led to a storage room. She tried the storage door but it was locked, so she entered the closet and hid among the brooms, mops, and bucket of stagnant water.
A door slammed below and someone heavy ascended the stairs. The person stopped outside and tried the door handle to the storage room. Wren held her breath and quietly picked up a broom. She pointed the handle at the door and rose to her feet.
"Come and get it," she whispered. "I'm ready."


The hooded figure took the mobile from his pocket and answered the call.
"Hello, is that...you know." The caller was using a voice changer.
"Yes."
"I called the train station to see if everything is all right. They said all is well."
"I do not like interruptions," the killer said. "I do not need a babysitter."
"You sound...different."
"...What do you want?"
"I sent someone to meet with you this morning," the caller said. "My messenger has yet to return."
"Missus Patrice Angela Evans. The middle-aged, voluptuous blonde who was married to Mister Andres Horatio Smithers until the affair last November."
"How did you-"
"Go home at eight o'clock tonight. Walk along the river for ten minutes. Go down the stairs and watch the boats for five minutes. Then return home. Wait on your doorstep."
"For what?"
"For eight thirty. Go inside and you will find her there."
"Pat?"
"No. Your wife."
"I don't understand!"
"Your children will be upstairs in bed, sleeping. If you question me again, they will never wake up."
The killer tossed the mobile onto the railway line.


When the closet door opened, Wren charged forwards and stabbed the broom handle into Craig's stomach. He hollered and toppled backwards, banging his head on the floor. She knelt down and rested his head on her lap.
"You alive?" she asked. "Sorry, mate!"
Craig's eyes rolled to the back of his head and he grinned.
"Oh, you silly boy!"
"Wren?" Asma cried. "Is that you?"
Asma ran up the steps and wrapped her arms around Wren. The girls burst into tears as the trio hugged each other. The girls helped Craig stand and held him upright.
"We thought you were dead," Asma said.
"I thought I was dead too!"
Jasper's sons ran upstairs and stopped on the top step before cautiously approaching Wren. She rushed over and pulled them closer and hugged them tightly. Jasper appeared on the stairs, smiling broadly.
"Good to see you, kid," he said.
Wren peered over the balcony and frowned. She looked from Jasper to Asma to Craig, none of them meeting her gaze.
"Where are the others?"
"We went our separate ways," Jasper said. "They continued on down the maintenance corridor. We followed the yellow light to this place."
"We saw the killer," Craig whispered. "I think he was hurt?"
Wren grinned.
"We need to keep moving," Jasper said. "Which way do we go?"
"We could hide in the storage room." Craig shuffled to the door, rubbing his stomach. "Just stay in the dark and wait for help."
"How long will that take?" Asma asked. "Besides, what if the killer finds us? Our hiding places are limited because most doors around here are locked."
"Including that one," Wren said. "If we smash the glass, it'll be obvious we're hiding there."
Jasper shook his head. "I meant which way out of the tunnel?"
Everyone gave Jasper a puzzled look.
"England or France?"
"England!" Carlson cried. "I wanna go home. I wanna see Mum."
"Mum doesn't want us," Benjamin said. "She nominated us, didn't she, Dad?"
Jasper sighed and then nodded. Asma hugged Carlson as he cried in her arms. Jasper took Benjamin aside and knelt down so their eyes met.
"Your mother is angry at me because I...because she thinks I did something bad."
"What?"
"She thinks I don't love her anymore. That's not true!"
Jasper patted down his son's messy hair, so Benjamin ruffled it.
"Your mummy is angry. It might be safer if we go to France, so I can talk to her over the phone. When she's calm, we might go home."
"Are we still going to Japan?"
"Of course!"
Jasper playfully punched Benjamin's stomach and the boy jumped on his father's back. Jasper spread his arms and made aeroplane noises as Benjamin tugged his ears to steer the aircraft.
Asma wiped Carlson's tears and turned to Wren.
"Where are you going?" Asma asked. "Home or away?"
"Home. I've got to warn my dad! Joanna is probably home alone with Winnie!"
"Have you read the nomination yet?"
"No," Wren said. "I know why she hates me."
"Do you?"
Wren grabbed the paper from her pocket and dumped it in Asma's hand. She walked to the stairs and watched over the darkness as she listened to Asma unfolding the paper.
A minute passed before Wren turned to her friend. Asma folded the nomination and went to place it under her hijab, but Wren grabbed the paper and skimmed the page.
"Wren Ives...Twenty-one years old...Reason for nomination? Not money. Not anger. Not jealousy. Just life. Kill her by train crash or explosion. I want a new life, but she's holding me back. She's a reminder of what used to be but never was. With her gone, my new life will be complete. I will never have to see her again. Sending her away would be too painful. Even worse, she would come back. Please place the bomb under her carriage. I don't want her to suffer. Nominated by..."
Wren dropped the paper and kicked it away.
"It's a lie!" she shouted.
Jasper rushed over and clamped his hands over her mouth. She slapped his hands but he held her close until she calmed down. Snot trickling from her reddish brown nose, she screamed into her hands.
Jasper picked up the paper and read the nomination.
"I'm sorry, Wren," he said. "I'm so sorry."
"It's not your fault!" She wiped her puffy eyes and shrugged. "It's mine."
"Don't say that," Asma said, slipping her arm around Wren.
"I wasn't a good daughter. God, you've no idea what I did!"
"I'm sure it wasn't so bad," Craig said. "At least not bad enough to die for."
"Mum and Dad hated each other, so I took advantage. When one bought me something, I bragged about my present to the other. It was another way for them to compete, but the only winner was me. Dad took out loans he's still paying off. Mum went bankrupt!
"When Joanna came on the scene, she talked sense into Dad. She said I was a spoilt brat. She said he was too soft on me. She said I was playing mind games. She said things had to change.
"One night, Dad sat me down and told me to choose between him and Mum. I laughed, but he was totally serious. I refused to choose. He kicked me out.
"My first month at Mum's house was fun! She was so cool, always letting me stay out late with friends, never asking what I'd been up to. When I met my first boyfriend, she said he could stay the night! She gave me my first bottle of alcohol and even let me try her cigarette. I was fourteen at the time.
"Then the honeymoon was over. I'd stay out overnight, come home smelling of tobacco and liquor, and she wouldn't give a damn about where I'd been. My boyfriend dumped me after a bad argument and I went home in tears. I needed a cuddle from Mum. Yeah, right! I found her passed out in the bedroom, a belt around her arm. The needle was still in her hand.
"I wanted out. She begged me to stay, but I wanted out. I still hated Joanna, but not like I hated Mum. I was ready to go home. Mum wasn't happy about it, and for four years she kept begging me to go back. Suddenly she stopped calling and moved up north. I haven't heard from her in three years."
"Your dad forgave just like that?" Craig asked. "I'm not saying I wouldn't have, just..."
"Not right away. He said he had to talk to Joanna first. I bet he didn't."
"So he gave no sign of his ulterior motives?" Jasper asked. "Doesn't it seem a bit random to you? I mean, he looked like a nice guy."
"Jasper, you're still in denial," Craig said. "They wanted us dead! Accept it."
"How dare you! At least I confronted my nomination!"
Craig walked away but Jasper rushed after him and spun him round. The men stood, face to face, staring each other down. Wren pushed herself between them.
"We don't have time for this," she said. "We'll argue in Paris, not here!"
"I know who nominated me," Craig spat. "Eliza's ex threatened me enough over the years. I guess he finally put his money where his fat gob is!"
"Or maybe it was Eliza," Jasper said. "What she saw in you, I'll never know."
Craig punched Jasper in the eye, sending the father reeling backwards. The boys threw themselves over him and Wren and Asma held Craig back. Craig shook them off and marched downstairs.
"Where are you going?" Wren asked.
"To France. Leon is dead meat!"


"I can't find Craig," Asma cried. "He's just disappeared!"
"Well, Jasper and the boys haven't seen him either." Wren paced up and down. "For God's sake, where's he gone?"
"Maybe he went back to the train?"
"For what? They're dead, Asma. The gas got them if the killer didn't."
Jasper and the boys came from the bathroom, holding their noses.
"No luck?" Jasper asked.
Wren rolled her eyes. "He's gone off in a strop. I can't believe he's done this!"
"It's my fault."
"Yes, it is!" Wren crossed her arms. "Why would you accuse Eliza like that? You don't even know her!"
"It's who you least expect," he said. "If my wife did this, why not his girlfriend?"
"I deserve mine. Maybe you deserve yours?"
"You don't deserve death because you hate your step-mother!" Jasper rested a hand on her shoulder. "It's natural to resent a new parent."
"My dad hates me and Joanna does too," she said. "Who can I really trust now?"
"Us. Come to France. You can call Joanna to warn her. She could stay with your mother."
"Mum hates Joanna more than I do. Trust me. She won't help."
"Maybe she'll do it for your brother," he said. "He reminded me so much of Mike when he was a toddler..."
"If Asma and Craig go with you, I'll follow. I just hope Joanna believes me over Dad."
"Don't count on it."
"Quiet," Asma whispered. "Someone's coming!"
They bundled into the bathroom and squashed into the end toilet stall. The boys huddled on the cistern while the women stood by the toilet. Jasper stayed behind the locked door.
The bathroom door creaked open and someone quietly moved across the room. Wren crouched down and looked under the stall. She saw the familiar sight of rubber-soled boots by the sinks. She looked up at the others and pressed her finger to her lips. The boys covered their ears and closed their eyes. Asma clutched her hijab where her necklace used to hang. Jasper held the lock firmly in place, his eyes staring ahead as if he could see through the door.
The man went to the first toilet stall and kicked open the door. It banged into the toilet stall dividers and the stalls all shook violently, making the boys cry. The man moved to the next stall and shoved the door open before cursing under his breath. He walked into the third stall, used the toilet, and flushed.
"I know you are there," a gruff voice said. "Just let me do my job!"
Asma pulled the boys closer and hugged them tightly, their tiny bodies trembling. Jasper turned whiter than Craig and closed his eyes. Wren kept watching as the man entered the stall two doors down.
"You will not escape," the killer said. "I have the perfect track record."
The fourth door flew open and knocked into the stall where they were hiding. Jasper waved over Asma and Wren stood up. All three pressed their backs against the door and pushed their feet onto the toilet. Wren closed her eyes and braced herself.
"One more to go," the man whispered. "Or should I say, five more to go?"
"Make that six!"
Something cut through the air and banged the door. Two men were struggling outside and they fell to the floor, someone crying out when his head struck the sink. They rolled across the floor and the second man's big blue eyes were visible by the door.
"Craig!" Wren screamed.
Jasper and Wren rushed outside and pulled the man off Craig. Craig kicked the man into the sink and they all backed away as the killer sprung to his feet. He pulled the hood over his face until only the tip of his freckled nose was visible.
"You can't take us all down," Wren spat. "Get outta here! Now!"
The man laughed.
"Is this a joke to you?" Jasper asked, standing between the cloaked figure and the pink-faced Craig. "You're killing people!"
The man reached under his cloak and the trio backed away. There was a faint clicking sound. It ticked louder and faster until a buzzer rang. The walls were blown inwards and buried everyone under the rubble. Wren heard a continuous ringing but when she covered her ears, the ringing got louder and more painful. She saw red and tasted it too.
"Help me!" Dusty air was sucked into her lungs. "Asma? Jasper?"
Wren pushed the heavy slab of concrete off her body and stood up. She wobbled across the jagged rocks and brushed off the thick layer of dust on her body. She looked for the toilet stalls, but there were only piles of dust and slabs where the toilets had been. Only one sink remained, the rest scattered among the rubble. She knelt down on the rocks, her knees bleeding as the stones pricked her skin. Her head buried in her hands, she wept.


Wren stepped over the rubble and walked down the pitch black corridor, broken glass and porcelain tiles crunching under her feet. She opened the door to the maintenance corridor and caught sight of the hooded figure dragging a white body bag away, a blood stain at the head. He stopped.
She ran back but the bathroom remains blocked the doors. She tried to pull the concrete slabs down but the entire pile of rock began to tumble down. Someone grabbed her from behind and she screamed.
"It's just me," Jasper said, holding her close. "Sorry, I scared you!"
"He's out there! Keep quiet!"
"No, he's dead."
Jasper pointed at the figure buried beneath the rubble, a black gloved hand poking out.
"But I thought I saw..."
Jasper touched the back of her head and she flinched. "You're bleeding! That's a serious bump on the head."
"But-"
"If there's another killer, we'll find out soon enough. Besides, we've got more important things to worry about, like this tunnel collapsing!"
"Where are the boys?"
"Not here," he said. "Asma isn't either."
"Craig?"
"The bomb...He's..."
"What happened to Craig?"
Jasper pointed ahead and looked away.
Wren crept into the darkness until her foot bumped into something soft. A squishy substance clung to her shoe, so she yanked her foot out.
"What the hell is that?" she asked.
"Craig."


Jasper carried Wren down the maintenance corridor to France. Frequently he stopped to check on her, but her eyes were still closed, so he pressed on. The dim lights flickered and they were plunged into darkness for a moment. He paused and listened out for heavy footsteps, but there was only the sound of him breathing.
His arms aching, Jasper placed Wren on the floor and nudged her. She groaned and whispered, "Craig". He gently slapped her face and she started to cry, so he grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her hard.
"Wren, pull yourself together!"
She wept louder, her shoulders violently shaking. He held her close and stroked her woolly hair and whispered, "I'm sorry."
"How do you know it's him?"
Jasper reached into his pocket and pulled out a stack of postcards. He handed them to Wren, who held them close to her breast.
"What now?" she asked.
"We'll find Asma and the boys, and then get out of here. I'm still going to France."
"All the way down the tunnel? Isn't that too risky?"
"The train was over halfway to France, so, technically, this crime is within their jurisdiction. Hopefully we can trust their government."
"You think our government did this?" she asked. "Like some Illuminati conspiracy?"
"You saw another killer in the corridor, right?"
She nodded.
"One's dead, but there could be many more. Someone spent a lot of time and money to make sure this job was done properly. Whoever it is, they don't want anyone to make it out alive."
"The British Government?"
"I don't know...It's possible, though."
"But why?" she asked. "Why kill us?"
"Maybe someone very important was on that train. Maybe it's part of an attempt to make this look like-"
"A terrorist attack!"
"Exactly. The train blows up and the usual suspects are blamed. Instead of sacrificing innocent parties, get rid of the unwanted so the government doesn't get sued by our loved ones."
"The French could be in on it too."
"Where else can we go?" he asked. "I have relatives in Japan, but we can't get there fast enough before the body count comes in. They'll know we escaped!"
"Should we go into hiding?"
"Yes, but not for long."
"Why?"
"For the ones left behind. Your father might turn on Joanna. Hardeep might target Asma's family. My wife might go after my brother. Who else will warn them?"
"What about your wife? You can't just disappear with her kids?"
"I will protect my boys no matter what! Being angry at me for...She shouldn't have brought the children into this. She always was an all or nothing woman!"
Jasper thumped the wall and cursed as he cradled his throbbing fist.
"To France, then," Wren said.
"To my boys."


Asma raced down the dark corridor, following the sound of tiny feet pounding the floor. She could see a white light ahead but refused to get her hopes up. The tunnel had tricked them before. Gaining ground on the boys, she willed her legs to move even faster.
"Wait!" she shouted. "France is the other way!"
"We're going home," Carlson said. "I want my mummy."
A sharp pain jabbed Asma's side and she doubled over. She loosened her hijab and fanned herself, the walls closing in. She grabbed the wall and pulled herself up. A moment later, she fell over again.
"What's happening?"
Asma reached under her head scarf and felt the metal rod jutting from her hip. She grabbed the end but quickly let go when the pain shot through her body. The boys called from afar, so she carefully stood up and limped on.
An echo bounced around the tunnel as the tracks came to life, so Asma opened the door to the platform. In the darkness was a bright ball of light speeding closer. She shielded her eyes from the glare and gasped when she saw the dark figure standing over the control panel. She closed the door and hobbled on, her dress damp as the blood stain spread.
The train's thunderous pounding slowed and she heard the carriages screeching to a halt. She pressed her ear against the wall and listened out for gunshots. Instead the carriage door opened and someone stomped across the train tracks.
"Oh God!" she whispered. "Allah, please help me!"
Asma reached for her necklace and cursed when she remembered it was not there. She pressed on, glancing over her shoulder. Round the bend, a door creaked open behind her and she ran.
The blood flowed faster until her wet clothes were weighing her down. She looked around for another door into the maintenance area, but she had not seen one since the explosion. She dared not go onto the platform because someone was blowing the horn.
"Hello?" a man called. "Is that you, Asma?"
Asma stopped and turned back.
"Hello, sister," the man said, his accent so thick she barely understood him. "Hal tatakallam al-lughah al-'arabiyah?"
Asma walked on but the man asked again. She turned back and shouted, "Na'am, qalilan!"
"Your Arabic is just fine," he said. "Let's talk, my sister."
"I'm not falling for this! If you want me, come and get me."
A bullet whistled past her head and bounced off the wall. She ducked and screamed, her arms shielding her head. She stayed down as more bullets flew overhead, one tearing across the top of her hijab.
The shooter strode towards her and forced the gun into her mouth. The taste of metal clashed with the barrel burning her tongue. When she cried, the man shoved the gun into her throat. She looked up and caught a glimpse of his tanned lips.
"You should be ashamed of yourself," he said. "How dare you shame your family like this?"
Asma closed her eyes and prayed, but the shooter slapped her face until she looked at him.
"Poor Hardeep. He tried so hard for you and this is how you repay him?" The shooter smacked her face with the back of his hand. "Millions of women worldwide would love a man like him. You, unappreciative pig, just had to be different!"
The shooter pulled the hood over his face so it was completely hidden. He removed the gun from her mouth and tutted, pacing back and forth. Then he stopped and pointed the gun at her.
"I won't spend eternity in al-Hatamah for you," he said. "Get up. You're going home."
"What?"
"You're going back to your husband! Move it!"
The train horn blew several times and she heard the boys screaming.
"I've got work to do," he said, reloading the pistol.
The shooter hurried away but Asma went after him. She ran in front of him and spread her arms so he could not pass. He aimed the gun at her head. She looked him right in the eye. They stood in silence, his gun as steady as her eyes. He looked away first.
"I need my Qu'ran," she said. "I left it on the train."
"You'd better get it, then, or it'll be blown sky high."
Asma followed close behind as he marched back to the train, her eyes on the gun swinging by his side. The train's blares got louder until Asma had to cover her ears. The shooter checked the bullets in his gun and grabbed the door handle. He turned back to her and said, "Stay out of my way."
The shooter threw the door open and fired. The bullet smashed the driver's window and the boys screamed, running into the next carriage. When the shooter stepped closer to the train tracks, Asma kicked him down. He fell but grabbed the side and clung on. The gun fell from his grasp and landed on the tracks.
"Help me, sister!" he shouted. "I saved you!"
"Burn in al-Hatamah."
Asma yanked the rod from her body and banged it on the shooter's head. He let go and tumbled across the tracks, stopping inches from the third rail. She hobbled across the train tracks and climbed into the driver's compartment.
Huddled in the closet were the boys, Benjamin shielding his brother. When he spotted Asma, he cried, "She's here! She's here!"
Asma rushed to them and hugged them both, squeezing them hard.
"Why did you run off like that?" she asked. 
"We wanted to get our stuff from the train, remember?"
"No, you said you wanted your mother." The boys wore confused looks on their faces. "I remember you saying that before you left."
Benjamin's pupils widened until they filled his eye balls. Asma looked at his brother, whose face was rippling. The boys stood up and now they were taller than her.
"She's bleeding," Benjamin said.
"Is she gonna die?"
"I don't know...We've got to find Dad!"
Asma dragged herself to the exit and pressed the big red button beside it. The door slammed shut and she passed out.


Wren and Jasper crept along the maintenance corridor towards France. They froze when the train's horn blared from behind.
"What if they went back to England?" Wren asked.
"I trust Asma, don't you? Besides, the boys know why we can't go home."
They walked on until Jasper stopped and raised his hand. Wren ducked behind him and looked over his shoulder.
"What?" she whispered in his ear.
"Do you hear that?"
Wren cupped her hand to her ear and closed her eyes. She heard the gas powering into the train tunnel and someone screaming far away. Then she noticed the tracks clanging as the train ploughed their way.
"Someone's driving the train?" she whispered. "They're coming for us!"
"Why can't they just leave? For flip's sake, you've already taken one of my boys!"
"They want them all."
The train whooshed past. When the tracks died down, Wren heard the sound of someone sawing. She moved closer to the source, a door leading to the maintenance quarters. She waved Jasper over and rested her ear on the door.
"What is it?" he whispered.
Wren peered through the keyhole and saw the dark figure standing over a bloodied leg, red ooze dripping from the thigh. He grabbed the leg and tossed it onto a pile of sliced arms and legs, Craig's head poking from the bottom.
Wren heaved so Jasper tried to smother her mouth with his sweater, but she pushed him off and vomited. Still vomiting, she watched Jasper grab the door handle and hold it tightly as the killer pounded the door. The hinges and frame creaked and the screws began to slide loose as the door splintered. The killer's fist punched through the door, clipping Jasper's ear. He grabbed Wren and pulled her down the corridor.
Wren let go and they ran faster, the killer's heavy footsteps never far behind. She tried the door handle to the maintenance area but it was locked. Jasper turned the handle to the tunnel - also locked. Soon the killer was closer but they kept trying the exits until Jasper finally opened a door onto the platform. Wren rushed out after him and they held the door shut.
The train's headlights blinded Wren as the tracks came back to life. The train zoomed by and disappeared back into the darkness. With the killer still bashing the door, Jasper pushed Wren away.
"Go to France," he said. "Tell them what happened down here!"
"I'm not leaving without you. I've lost Dad, I've lost Craig, and I've lost Asma. I'm not losing you too!"
Wren pressed her back against the door and the pair held off the beating dealt by the killer. Suddenly something snapped and the killer cursed. Then he started to thump the door with his boots.
The train reappeared and slowly reversed back to them. Wren looked away from the rear lights but Jasper's smile made her turn back. 
When the train pulled up, the doors slid open and Benjamin waved from the doorway.
"The killer's up there," he said, pointing towards England.
"Go back inside!" Jasper shouted. "Get ready to close the doors, all right?"
When the killer paused, Wren heard someone running down the tunnel. She looked to England and spotted the hooded figure sprinting their way.
"Are you ready?" Jasper asked.
"Yes," she said.
They held the door firmly until the second hitman was close. A few feet between them, Wren and Jasper released the door and dashed across the tracks. She glanced back and saw the second hitman knock into the door opened by the first, both men sent crashing to the floor.
"Quick, Wren!"
Jasper pulled her into the train and Benjamin pressed the door button.
"Drive, Carl! Drive!"
Carlson pulled down the lever and the train slowly moved away from the platform, the hitmen sprinting after them. Soon the men were within touching distance, and then one of them pulled out a rifle. He aimed the barrel at the window and fired the automatic gun.
Everyone dropped as glass rained down. Wren lay on Carlson and Jasper pulled Benjamin to the side as bullets tore apart the control panel. The inner doors opened and closed and the lights above the control buttons flashed bright red. Then the outer doors opened so Wren clung on to the driver's chair fixed to the floor. The train sped faster and faster, but no one could reach the handle without getting shot.
"We're gonna die!" Carlson screamed. "Daddy!"
"It'll be all right," Jasper shouted over the wheels loudly churning. "Just think of Japan! Think of Grandma's tangy soy sauce on hot white rice. Think of Grandpa's stories of World War Two!"
"Yeah," Benjamin squealed. "Think of cool video games and gadgets at the con! Think of Yakuza mafia like on TV! Think of sumo wrestlers and eating noodles with chopsticks!"
Wren, Carlson, and Asma were thrown across the carriage as the train turned a sharp corner. The wheels skidded, sparks flying into the car. The train flew off the tracks and slammed onto its side. Everyone fell onto the side window and it cracked, skinny fractures winding across the glass.
"It's gonna break!" Carlson screamed. "Daddy!"
"It'll be all right," Jasper said. "Hold on tight, buddy!"
Wren closed her eyes and pictured her bedroom, peaceful and calm until it was time for Winnie's feed. Joanna would rush downstairs and bring up the warm milk bottle, but Winnie would have already crawled under the covers with Wren. He would hide there, his tiny feet sticking out, and giggle whenever Joanna 'missed' him. Then Wren would tickle him so hard he fell out the bed and tumbled across the soft carpet. Joanna would come in and say, "Gotcha!"
A smile spread across Wren's face. Now she was curled up by the fireplace in the living room. Her father came home and tossed over the car keys. She grabbed them and dashed outside, where the two-seater was waiting. She hopped inside and sped off into the night, the sunroof down letting the wind tickle her afro puff.
A dark figure ran across the road so Wren swerved into the bushes. The car rolled over and over, glass falling onto her face. She screamed as the blood trickled with her tears until the car stopped.
"It's not over," someone whispered.
Wren sat up and found Jasper standing over her. He called out, "Quick, she's hurt!" and two paramedics rushed into the carriage. They placed a stethoscope on her chest and the other flashed a tiny torch into her eyes. She brushed them off and joined Jasper at the door.
"Jesus," she gasped, looking at the overturned train.
Everywhere were bodies and bags. Spilling from the fractured carriages were people, young and old, fat and thin, intact and broken, but all dead. Wren walked down the tunnel and her eyes drifted to the sixth carriage, a lone postcard by the window where Craig had sat. She turned to retrieve it but Jasper held her back.
"Wren, let's go," he said. "We'll meet Asma at the hospital."
Farther down was a young boy holding his red crayon, a gaping hole in his colourful picture. On his mother's lap was a baby, his blue shawl bloody. Their mother had dried froth on her mouth and down her blouse, her eyes bulging from her head.
In the next carriage was the sunshine yellow uniform and cap on the blonde, her eyes pleading as they had when the killer struck. There was the overturned trolley followed by a smartly dressed man with his phone in one hand and tablet in the other. He wore a tranquil smile, a clean bullet hole between the eyes.
Luggage was scattered across the rails. There was a large grey suitcase with brightly coloured stickers all over its case. A pink carry case with make-up spilling out. A full baby bag, a grubby grey teddy bear poking out. She caught sight of her rucksack strap among the bodies and bags. She ran for it but the railway officials blocked her path and pulled her back to Jasper, who grabbed her hand and led her away.
"You've got to see a doctor," he said. "You don't know what internal injuries you might have."
"Fine, call them back!"
"Not the paramedics. They've got their hands full here." Jasper pointed at the ambulance at the tunnel entrance. "The boys are waiting."
"How's Asma?"
"I don't know...She's lost a lot of blood. The crash didn't help."
Wren saw the police hanging up yellow tape at the tunnel entrance. Reporters were running towards them, their microphones and cameramen ready. They tried to rush past the police but the officers patted the taser guns on their belts, so the press backed away.
"Do you speak French?" Jasper asked.
"Me neither," she said.
A paramedic came over and helped them into the ambulance van. Jasper placed Carlson on his lap and slipped his arm around Benjamin. He stroked their hair and whispered soothing words in their ears until they fell asleep.
"What now?" Wren asked. "Where do we go from here?"
"Be careful what you say. We don't know who we can trust."
Jasper placed Carlson by his brother and Wren shifted over so he could sit beside her. They watched the sleeping boys in silence.
The van sped through the streets, weaving in and out the Parisian traffic. Wren looked out the window and watched as they circled the Champs Elysees. Soon they were driving past the Eiffel tower. She gazed at the elevator riding to the top and her memory whisked back to Craig's postcards. She cried.
"I know it hurts," Jasper said, patting her on the back. "It's okay. Let it out."
"At least you have the boys. I've got no one left." Wren wiped her snotty nose with her hand. "If I go back home, I'll endanger Winnie and Joanna. Man, I can't believe I'll never see him again!"
"At least he's still out there," he said. "Little Mike is in that damp, dark tunnel with the rest of them."
Jasper turned away while he cried, so she waited patiently until he had composed himself. Minutes later, he wiped his red eyes and faced her.
"Everything happens for a reason," he said. "Some good must come of this."
"Like what?"
"Think, Wren. When one door closes, another opens."
Wren shook her head.
"You lost your brother and step-mother, but there's still someone out there waiting."
"Mum."
"Call her," he said. "Give her another chance. Forgive her and move on. Besides us, she's all you've got now."
The ambulance pulled up outside the hospital and the paramedics opened the doors. Jasper woke the boys and carried them inside. Wren followed them into the elevator and they rode to top floor, where they were allocated their own ward with armed guards.
The nurses closed the curtain around the bed and Wren changed into the hospital gown. She got into bed and reclined back, sighing happily as her body sank into the mattress.
An old nurse entered with a clipboard and pen. She took her glasses from her breast pocket and slipped them on, the silver frame matching her grey uniform.
"Bonjour, tu parle en Francais?"
Wren shook her head.
"Okay, English, yes?"
Wren nodded.
"Hello, I am Nurse Renard. We need to fill in your details, okay? First, what is your full name, please?"
"Wren Ives."
"Age?"
"Vingt et un ans."
The nurse smiled and patted Wren's hand.
"You travelled by yourself? So brave!"
"I'm not a friggin' baby." Wren crossed her arms.
Renard laughed and wrote notes on the form. She handed over the clipboard and pointed at three boxes Wren had to sign. Wren scrawled her signature in the first two boxes, but when she reached the third the small print caught her eye.
"You'll call my family?"
"Yes," she said. "We already called Miss Miah's family, so they can see her before...Jasper gave us his parent's details, so he'll be moving on to Japan. Your turn, now."
"I can't remember. My head feels funny!"
"Don't worry. The train company will help us. There will be a nice English hospital ready for your arrival when you get back home."
"I don't want to go home! I want to stay here!"
"Not without the proper visa," Renard said. "Sorry, I don't make the rules."
Wren crossed out her signature and ripped the form off the clipboard. She screwed it up and tossed it in the bin. The nurse fished it out and smoothed out the paper.
"You're young, Wen."
"Wren!" Wren snatched the paper and ripped it in half.
Renard backed away and then hurried behind the curtain. Wren watched another pair of grey shoes walk over and then the nurses rushed away. She crept over and peeked through the curtain. 
The nurses were standing by the matron dressed in black, who reached for the telephone at reception and dialled a number. Wren heard a word similar to police and rushed back to bed.
The nurse returned with a jug of water and plastic cup. She placed them on the bedside table and stopped to smell the white plastic flowers in the vase.
"We won't call home, okay?" Renard said. "Anything else I can do for you?"
"I need to change my pad. Where's the bathroom?"
"Pad?"
"Sanitary pad, you know." Wren pointed at her crotch. "Blood coming out every month."
"Whoa, yes! One moment, please."
Renard disappeared behind the curtain and a pair of black shoes appeared. After furious French words were exchanged, the nurse returned and took Wren by the hand. On the way, Wren grabbed her clothes.
"Leave them," Renard said. "I'm in enough trouble!"
"No, I won't!"
"You don't need clothes to change your pad!"
"Where's the woman in black?" Wren peeked through the curtain and saw the matron standing by the phone, her eyes in Wren's direction. "Oh. There she is!"
"Okay, okay." Renard waited for Wren to change. "Ready?"
"Yes," Wren said, zipping up her trousers.
Renard poked her head through the curtain and looked from left to right to left. She waved over a nurse and asked a question. The nurse motioned round the corner and then scurried away.
"Let's go," Renard whispered. "Rapidement!"
The women dashed across the ward and froze when the matron suddenly appeared. Renard pulled Wren behind the desk and then stood over a stack of clipboards until the matron had passed by. Wren poked her head out and watched the matron disappear round the corner.
"Come on!" Renard hissed, briskly walking towards the bathroom.
Inside, Wren fished coins from her pocket and hesitated before slotting them into the sanitary machine. She turned to the nurse and asked for money.
"What's wrong with those?"
"It's sterling, darling. You expect me to use it in France?"
"It looks like cents to me..."
Wren crossed her arms and tapped her foot.
"Okay, then! Wait here!" Renard said. "Use tissues if you must."
Renard went to the door and looked up and down the corridor before slipping out.
Wren counted to ten and then left the bathroom. She hurried down the corridor and stopped by Jasper's room. He was asleep with the remote control in his hand, the train crash on the news. She took the pen from the clipboard at the foot of the bed, and wrote her name and mobile number on his palm.
"I hope I see you again," she whispered. "I wish I had a father like you."
A nurse shouted in the corridor, so Wren crouched behind the bed just as the matron stormed past with Nurse Renard in tow. After a moment, she calmly walked out and smiled at the other nurses dashing past.
Close to the elevator, she spotted a red dress folded on a chair in a room. She went inside and found Asma in bed, hooked up to a machine and drip. Wren took her hand and squeezed it gently.
"Hello, Asma," she whispered. "How you doin'?"
The machine bleeped a little faster.
"I know you can hear me. I just wanted you to know I've left my number with Jasper. Call me, okay? We can hang out in Paris and see the sights...Oh, and good luck! I hope your family kick Hardeep's ass when they find out!"
Wren snuck out the room and entered the elevator. She pushed the ground floor button and then watched the numbers above her head counting down.
On the ground floor, Wren kept her eyes straight ahead as she walked to the exit. When she passed the reception desk, a nurse called out to her. Wren glanced back and saw the matron pointing at her, a policeman by her side.
Wren sprinted out the exit and kept running down the street. She heard the police officer shouting her name, so she ran faster, her eyes focused ahead. With the officer close behind, she rushed down an alley and climbed over a high metal fence. On the other side, she turned back and the officer reached for his holster, so she ran round the corner and crossed the street.
An hour later, Wren's legs were worn out and her chest hurt with every breath. She stopped at a phone box and slotted coins in. She closed her eyes, dug deep into her memory, and found her mother's number among the clutter.
"Hello?" a groggy voice said.
"Mum, it's me."
"...Is this a joke? It can't be you!"
"It's me, Wren! I need your help. I can't talk for long because I don't have much money."
"Call your precious daddy."
"I can't."
"Why not? You don't need me, remember? Call him!"
The phone bleeped, so Wren pushed in the remaining coins.
"Look, I'm running out of time! Can you help or not?"
"Give me the phone booth number," her mother said. "I'll call you back."


Patricia slowed at the tunnel entrance and watched the others jumping up and down, hollering and whooping. The boy and girl skipped from the train tracks to the high grass nearby and ran around, chasing each other. The adults took their mobiles out and frantically called loved ones they could still trust. Patricia sighed when she heard faint police sirens.
"Those little brats," she said. "They thought they had won. They were wrong."
Patricia pulled out the mobile from her handbag and held it over her head until she found a strong enough signal. Then she called her son's work number, but the phone rang continuously before going to the answering machine. Before she put her phone away, it rang.
"Hello?"
"Oh my God, Missus Evans!"
"Margaret Smith? You're...You're..."
"Paul's personal assistant. Someone killed him!"
Patricia smiled. "Who?"
"I don't know! He told me to book a holiday for him and the others, but when I got here this morning...Oh God. He was shot in the head!"
Patricia covered the mouthpiece and sniggered.
"What should I do?" Margaret asked.
"Call the police. Call Patrick. Call Patrice. Just don't call me!"
Before she could hang up, Margaret screamed and dropped the phone.
"Hello? Margaret?"
Patricia heard Margaret screaming and screaming.
"It's Patrick," Margaret shrieked. "He's dead too! Somebody help!"
Patricia heard Margaret step on the phone as she ran out the office. She ended the call and slipped the phone into her bag.
The sound of a loud firecracker blasted her ears and blood sprayed onto her face. She ran from the tunnel and tripped over as her high heel flew off. She scrambled down into the high grass near the entrance and lay low as gunshots flew overhead. The children ran past and fell metres away, a pool of blood trickling towards her. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
A heavy-footed man rested his boot on her head and pressed down into the dirt. He placed the gun barrel on her neck and pulled the trigger.
"Damn it," the killer said, fiddling with the pistol. He banged the gun and then pressed the barrel into the back of her head. He pulled the trigger again.
Patricia started to cry. The boy and girl's blood had surrounded her head like a halo of death, and soon the blood seeped between her lips and into her nose. She held her breath until her chest felt as though it would explode.
"Don't go anywhere," the killer whispered. She heard him open his cloak and his weapons jangled while he searched. "Got it!"
Patricia raised her calf and stabbed her heel into the killer's thigh. His legs buckled and he crashed to the ground, writhing in agony. He hobbled through the tall grass, the wind slapping them against his legs. Close to the tunnel entrance, he collapsed into the dirt and his weapons fell around him.
Patricia dashed over and stabbed her heel into his skull. She bashed repeatedly until it cracked and then sat down beside him, tears flowing through the blood splatter on her face. The wind calmed and the waves and grass were still.
"No one kills my babies and gets away with it."
A bullet shot through the air and struck Patricia's chest, shattering inside. She fell, her head smacking onto the train track. As the life flowed from her, she watched a cloaked figure emerge from the tunnel. He strolled over, grabbed the lifeless killer beside her, and dragged him back into the tunnel. At the entrance, he turned back and pointed the gun at her.
"Almost," he said.


Wren had missed flying first class. She reclined back in her seat and flicked through the television stations. The air hostess strutted over with a chilled glass of white wine and plumped Wren's pillow.
"Miss Ives, if there is anything else, don't hesitate to call."
"Thank you." Wren raised her glass and sipped the cool beverage.
The air hostess glided down the aisle and stopped by another passenger.
The intercom buzzed and the pilot spoke.
"Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman. Sorry to disturb you, but I have a special message for someone on the plane." There was the sound of rustled paper. "Wren Ives? Your mother wanted to say she is looking forward to your visit. After three years apart, she cannot wait to see you again. She loves you."
The air hostess pointed at Wren and the cabin applauded. She blushed and waved back timidly.
"What a difference a day makes," she whispered. "Dad wants me dead. Mum wants me."


The plane flew over the mountains' icy peaks, too close for comfort for Wren. She closed her eyes until the mountains had passed and then gazed at the first sight of Zurich beneath the clouds.
At the mountain base was thick grass stretching for miles to town. Cows were grazing in the fields and a farmer was rounding cattle into their pens. Farther afield was dense forest covering a hill, where she glimpsed smoke emanating from a chimney hidden among the trees.
Wren gripped the armrests as the plane slowly descended. The last of the clouds dissipated, revealing rows of tall houses fencing in narrow lanes where tiny people were bustling around, red and blue flags waving from the rooftops.
The wide river cut off the houses connected to the other side by low stone bridges. She watched cars and people crossing over as boats bobbed on the water below. The plane glided downwards until she could see tourists taking pictures and recording on their phones.
Across the bridge were high rise towers and modern buildings against the backdrop of snowy mountains. The plane gently leaned to the right as it aligned with the runway ahead. The air hostesses pushed their trolleys to the back of the plane and passengers quickly returned to their seats.
"Ladies and gentleman, we will be landing in approximately ten minutes," the pilot said. "We hope you enjoy your stay in Switzerland. Come again soon."
Wren lifted her chair and closed her eyes as the plane descended, only peeking to see how close they were to the ground. When the aircraft fell below the airport, she kept her eyes shut and braced for landing.
The plane bounced on the tarmac and skidded slightly before cruising down the runway. Slowly Wren released her grip on the armrests as the airliner crawled to a stop. The cabin applauded when the airhostesses strode down the aisles. Wren raised her hand and a brunette hostess came over.
"How can I help, Miss Ives?"
"Do you know the way to Einseedell, please?"
The hostess chuckled. "You can take a taxi or bus or train from Flughafen airport to Einsiedeln. It's south from here but I do not know the way, sorry."
"It's okay," Wren said. "At least I can pronounce it properly now...What was it, again?"


An hour later, Wren stepped off the bus and into her mother's arms. Cynthia squeezed her so tightly she struggled to breathe. Wren patted her mother on the back and turned her cheek when Cynthia puckered her lips.
"Still angry?" Cynthia asked.
"No, Mum. Just tired." Wren covered her mouth when a yawn escaped. "You never said how far the airport was from here."
"The buses are nice, aren't they?"Cynthia ruffled Wren's curls.
"It's just a bus..."
"You didn't bring anything?"
Wren shook her head.
"Why not?"
Wren burst into tears, so Cynthia took a tissue from her black clutch and dabbed Wren's eyes. Wren took the tissue and blew her nose while her mother rubbed her back.
"It'll be all right," Cynthia said. "Let it all out!"
"Mum, you don't understand! Someone tried to kill me!"
Cynthia gasped and pulled her daughter closer. She placed Wren's head on her bosom and rocked her slowly.
"At least you're home now."
"Is that all you can say?" Wren shook her mother off. "You still don't give a damn, do you?"
"I've changed, baby!" 
Cynthia smoothed down her red woolly jumper and posed in her faded jeans. She rolled up the trouser ends to reveal the designer sneakers underneath.
"How can you afford all this?" Wren asked. "How did you afford my first class plane ticket? How can you afford to live in Switzerland?"
"London isn't cheap either."
"You said money was the reason you left!"
"I just wanted a fresh start," Cynthia said. "I know I let you down.
Wren grabbed her mother by the wrist and rolled up the sleeve, tiny holes in her bruised arm. Cynthia ripped her arm away and shoved Wren, who almost fell into the road as a car sped by. Wren turned away from her mother and rubbed her sore chest.
"Sorry, honey," Cynthia said. "I'm just in shock, that's all."
"Well, how do you think I feel? Dad paid someone to kill me!"
"It's about time."
Wren spun round and caught her mother's smile before it faded. Cynthia held out her hand but Wren never took it, so she grabbed Wren's hands and held them so firmly the palms turned pink.
"It's about time I told you the truth," Cynthia said. "After letting you down, I owe you that much."


Cynthia led Wren up the cobbled path to the forest. On the outskirts, Cynthia turned to Wren and said, "Stay close." Wren nodded and followed her mother through the trees.
The bright sun disappeared behind the treetops and the scent of greenery tickled Wren's nose. She stopped to inhale the fresh air before continuing. They walked slower as the incline increased, and a rain shower made their journey more treacherous as the dry dirt turned to sludge. Wren struggled through the mud but her mother seemingly glided uphill.
"Here we are," Cynthia said.
Wren walked past her mother and stopped. They had reached a clearing, where someone had cut down a cluster of trees. Cynthia plonked herself down on a stump and patted the stump opposite her.
"Where's your house?"
"It's a mess, trust me! I'll clean up before you go in."
Cynthia patted the stump repeatedly until Wren sat down, shifting uncomfortably as the moisture seeped through her trousers. Cynthia laughed and scratched the purple spots on her arm.
"Mum, are you feeling all right?"
"You want to know about your daddy, right?" Cynthia asked. "Or do you want more lies?"
"I want the truth! Tell me, please."
"Okay, I'll start from the beginning." Cynthia sat up straight and cleared her throat. "Contrary to the rumours, and your daddy's lies, he and I were happy. From the moment we first met, the love was intoxicating. I couldn't get enough of him, and he was obsessed with me, too. Life was sweet until I got pregnant. You ruined everything.
"Carrying you was hell. I was always grouchy, biting his head off for the stupidest things. I'd eat like a horse, and eventually grew bigger than one. The final nail in the coffin was sex. Soon I was so huge we couldn't do it. That's when he went to that whore Joanna. She swooped in and stole him from me. I had an early Caesarean so I could start getting back in shape. Too late.
"He was lost, and she found him. For nine months you'd battered our love and that bitch peed on the pieces. There were two other women in our marriage. You, and Joanna.
"Of course, this was how your daddy felt about the situation. I always loved you. Sure, you made my hormones go mental, but who cares? That's the joy in being preggie! A pity I only got to do it once...
"I didn't mind that he hated me. As long as he came home every night, I didn't care what he did during the day. Then one evening, after a lovely dinner, he did the unspeakable. He said what no parent should ever say!"
"What?" Wren asked, leaning in closer.
"He said he wished you'd never been born!" Cynthia wiped her dry eyes. "He said you ruined our marriage. He said you spoiled our love."
Wren cupped her head in her hands and sobbed. Her mother knelt in the mud and cradled Wren in her arms.
"He hated me too," Cynthia said. "We were reminders of what he'd sacrificed. He couldn't just up and leave because of the guilt. And child support."
Police sirens blared in the distance and Cynthia sprung up, her hands trembling.
"Why didn’t you say this before?" Wren asked.
Cynthia's head twitched. "Would you have believed me?"
Wren looked away and Cynthia snorted.
"See? People think I'm just a crackpot on crack and pot, but I'm not...most of the time. I told your daddy's family this but they didn't believe he hurt me like that. I don't blame them. Your daddy seems so innocent when you're on his good side, but just ask Bill what happens when you cross him."
"Bill? Dad hurt Bill?"
"I just got news from Britain," Cynthia whispered. "Bill hanged himself this morning."
"What's that got to do with...It wasn't suicide, was it?"
"The hitmen would've done the same to you! They bump you off and make it look like a suicide or accident or natural disaster. The stupid police fall for it every time."
The police sirens got louder and now Cynthia's whole body was shaking.
"I'm going to call the police," Wren said. "He might hurt Joanna and Winnie!"
Wren stood up but Cynthia shoved her into the dirt. Wren cursed the sludge sliding down her trousers and her mother laughed.
"Calm down," Cynthia said. "Haven't you heard anything I said? Your daddy put a hit on you. You can't just walk out there! The assassin will get you, mark my words."
Wren wiped her hands on the tissue and tossed it aside. Cynthia snatched it from the dirt and shoved it into her pocket.
"I don't want someone to find it," Cynthia said. "We can't leave any trace you've been here."
Wren spotted the siren lights between the trees.
"They're here!" Cynthia cried. "Run!"
"Maybe they'll understand?"
"Oh, my daddy hired a hitman to kill me on the train. He did it because he doesn't love me anymore. Waaa! Waaa! Waaa!" Cynthia stomped her foot and pointed at the denser forest to their right. "Get out of here now! I'll take care of them, don't you worry."
Cynthia gave a nervous smile before running up the mountain. She turned back at the top of the hill and waved before disappearing among the trees.
Wren sprinted deeper into the forest. She ran until she was tired and then stopped to rest behind a tree. The sirens' noise was quieter, their tiny lights flickering in the distance. She sank down into the soil and rested her head on her lap.
"Just a few minutes sleep," she said, closing her eyes. "It won't hurt..."


Part Two

John rubbed the gel into his hair and slicked back the straight brown strands. Joanna peeked round the corner and pointed at the toilet.
"I know, I know," John mumbled, reaching out to flush the toilet.
"Not that. Put the seat down!"
Joanna huffed and returned to the bedroom, where she slipped under the queen-sized bedcovers and snuggled against the pillow. John followed her and sat at the end of the bed, pulling on his shiny leather shoes.
"I'm glad she left," he said. "It's nice having the house to ourselves again."
"Actually, I miss her." Joanna moved to the end of the bed and lay down on her back, looking up at her husband. "It's too quiet with just Winnie."
"Too quiet?" John put on his plain white shirt and adjusted his silver striped tie. "Enjoy it while it lasts."
"Don't be like that!" Joanna slapped his thigh and he grinned. "You know you love her."
"Do I?"
John retrieved his dark grey suit from the wardrobe and fumbled over the buttons. He stood in front of the mirror and gazed at Joanna's reflection, his eyes flowing from her silky light locks to the supple pink nipples poking through her pink lace nightie.
"Don't even think about it," she said. "You've got a meeting to attend."
"Another five minutes won't hurt." He unzipped his trousers.
"Five minutes? Aw, what's the point?" Joanna disappeared back under the duvet.
John laughed and smacked her bum before leaving the room.
On the way downstairs, he stopped by the family picture in the hallway. He touched Wren's light brown face and traced her slit eyes. His eyes drifted from her furrowed brow and crossed arms to Winnie's innocent giggle as Joanna tickled his stomach. In the middle was John, an uncomfortable smile on his face, one arm around Joanna and the other hanging by his side.
"Time to go," he said, taking the picture off the wall. "It's a new beginning."
John carried the picture downstairs to the cabinet in the living room. He shoved the picture under his work papers and closed the drawer. A wide smile on his face, he strolled out the front door and headed for the sleek red sports car on the driveway.
Inside, he waved at Joanna who was standing in the bedroom window, and turned the key in the ignition. The car purred and then the engine spluttered before cutting out. John thumped the wheel and jumped from fright when the horn blew.
"Not now," he hissed. "You were fine last night!"
The wind rushed over the bushes lining the driveway and the cat leapt out and dashed across the front garden.
"Okay, keep calm." He took a few deep breaths. "Try again."
John turned the key and the engine coughed before dying again. He threw open the door and stomped round to the bonnet. His hands brushed over the oily interior, his fingers aimlessly prodding and fiddling with wires.
"It looks all right, I suppose."
John crouched down and looked under the car. A dirt brown pool trickled down to his shoes, making them stick to the ground. He rushed over to the grass and wiped his feet, cursing loudly. Joanna stuck her head out the window and chuckled.
"I told you to see the mechanic," she said. "All that messing around has broken it!"
John went to the hose and washed his shoes. "You can't just break a car!"
"I couldn't." Joanna ducked behind the lace curtains.
The bushes rustled again, but there was no wind.
John opened his briefcase and pulled out his mobile. He called Bill's private number, tapping his foot impatiently while the phone rang.
"Hello?" a posh voice asked. "Is this Mister Jonathan Ives?"
"Why? Who's this?"
"Inspector Black."
"Where's Bill?"
"I ask the questions," Black snapped. "How do you know Mister Jones?"
"He's my work colleague. Why? What's happened?"
"He's hanging from the ceiling."
John almost dropped the phone.
"How long have you worked together? Did you like him? Where were you last night?"
"Now hang on a minute! Are you excusing me of something? You said he killed himself!"
"I never said that."
John felt the blood rushing to his face. He breathed deeply while he watched the cat looking on from the hedge, its eyes fixated on the moving bushes behind him.
"Ten years together," John said. "We were a good match, people said."
"I didn't ask people, I asked you! Did you like him? Yes or no?"
"Did he kill himself? Yes or no?"
"Get down to the station," Black ordered. "Bring a lawyer. You'll need one."
John opened his mouth to speak but the dial tone answered first. He slipped the phone into his pocket and walked back to the house, his pulse racing. He gripped the door handle with his clammy hands and entered his home.
"They'll find out what I did," he whispered. "Joanna will never forgive me!"
John rushed into the kitchen and took the bin into the garden. He removed the work papers from his briefcase and then tipped over the bag, receipts falling from the inner pockets into the bin below. He shoved the receipts to the bottom of the bin and then washed his hands in the kitchen sink.
John heard Joanna walking across the landing to the bathroom. He quickly pulled out his phone and logged onto the bank's website. The metal kitchen pipes clanked as Joanna took a shower. 
When the page loaded, he scrolled down the numbers onscreen until he reached the current month's bank transfers. At the bottom was a transfer for ten thousand pounds from his account to one in Switzerland.
"Damn it, she'll see it!"
Joanna was coming downstairs, so he quickly changed the internet banking password. His wife entered the kitchen in her silky pink dressing gown, just as he was logging off. She tiptoed so she could see over his shoulder, so he side-stepped to block her view.
"We've got enough money, right?"
"Why wouldn't we? There's more than enough for the mortgage and gas."
"I know money's tight because of Bill. I know he's not paying you what you're owed."
John shrugged.
"I understand how emasculated you feel. I just wish you'd talk to me." Joanna took the purse from the breakfast table and slipped it into his hand. "What's mine is yours."
"What's yours is mine."
"No secrets, right?"
The truth was fighting the lump in John's throat, so he just smiled.
"Go to work and tell him what's what and who's who!" Joanna crossed over the kitchen and opened the blinds, squinting as sunshine broke through. "It's a new day. A new beginning."
John pushed her credit card into his pocket.
"Don't let anyone push you around anymore," she said. "Take charge!"
He nodded slowly.
"You can be in charge for a change. I mean, look how you toughened up and sorted out Wren."
He turned pale. "What do you mean?"
"You took care of things," she said. "You know..."


Joanna looked through the keyhole and gasped. Outside was a tall Caucasian man in a loose black trenchcoat, a police badge stuck to his breast pocket. His grey eyes stared into the keyhole, his face reddening the longer he stood there. He knocked again and then turned to Joanna's blind spot. She carefully pulled back the lace curtain and peered through the window. Two uniformed police officers were looking under the family car. One waved over the chief officer at the door.
"What? Speak up!"
"Inspector Black, there's an oil slick under here," the dumpy officer said. "Someone cut the brake wires."
Joanna quickly replaced the curtain and pressed her ear against the door. She heard the inspector walking across the gravel and onto the concrete driveway.
"Not just Mister Jones, then," the inspector said. "The wife's next."
The garden door slammed shut. Joanna rushed into the kitchen and watched her husband clambering over the wooden fence. It toppled over and he fell onto the grass, clutching his leg.
When Joanna approached him, he raised his hands and said, "Stay away!"
"What's happening?" she cried. "Someone's trying to kill us?"
"I...I..."
"They cut the brakes on my car!"
Joanna pulled John to his feet and tried to lead him back to the house, but he brushed her off and fell onto the bench. He gazed at the white roses bordering the garden, and sighed as the morning breeze rushed across the grass.
"Why're you running?" Joanna asked. "Tell me what's going on!"
"I can't." John inhaled the fresh air. "I have to go."
"Go where?"
John slowly rose to his feet and hobbled onto the pathway beyond their garden. He limped away and stopped.
"I hope you can forgive me," he said.
"For what?"
Someone rang the doorbell.
"I did it for you." John limped away. "I did it for us."


Joanna opened the front door and Inspector Black barged past, stepping on her foot. She winced and rubbed her slipper where he had trodden, but the inspector barely glanced her way before marching into the kitchen.
"How dare you!" Joanna watched the officers rushing upstairs. "You need a search warrant."
"Do not tell me the law," Black hissed. "I am a law enforcer, you know?"
"I know that, but you-"
"Where is Mister Jonathan Ives?"
"I...He's..."
Black pushed open the living room door and trounced across the room. He turned to the dining room and looked out the window. Joanna followed his gaze outside to the back garden.
"What happened to your fence?" he asked.
"We've got foxes."
"It must have been a bloody big fox...As big as a man, perhaps?"
"They're getting bigger every year," she said. "Didn't you hear the news? They attacked a youngster in her playpen last week. The mother was only gone for a minute!"
"I do not listen to gossip." Black turned to her. "It is a bunch of lies."
Joanna gulped.
"Where is your husband?"
"He went to work."
"Without his car?"
"It's my car. It was a birthday present."
"When I ask you a question, answer with relevant information only. Do I make myself clear?"
Joanna nodded.
"Your brakes have been severed," Black said. "If you had driven today, you could have died."
Joanna blinked her teary eyes and the inspector stepped closer.
"You would have swerved off the road and crashed, Missus Ives. Your son and daughter would have been orphaned but for your killer!"
Joanna burst into tears and reached for the tissue box by the plush sofa. The inspector stepped between her and the box, hands on his hips. He stood tall and she backed into the hallway, where the officers were waiting.
"Missus Ives, collect your son from upstairs," Black said. "You will come down to the station with us."
"He has playgroup," she sobbed.
Black pushed past her and stormed outside, the officers close behind. On the front doorstep, Black turned back and said, "You have one minute." 
Joanna rushed upstairs and picked up Winnie from his playpen. She stuffed some nappies and cuddly toys into his baby bag and slung it over her shoulder.
"Hold tight, darling," she whispered.
Joanna crept into the master bedroom and took her mobile from the bedside table. She tiptoed into the ensuite bathroom and locked the door. She called Wren.
"Hello?" a gruff voice answered.
"Who's this?"
"Who's this?"
"I asked first!"
The phone cut off.


A female officer walked off with Winnie, tears streaming down his cheeks. He reached out to Joanna but Inspector Black stood between them. The chubby officer pointed at the interrogation room, so Joanna slunk inside.
The family lawyer rushed in after Joanna and sat with her while Black stood opposite them with two officers on either side. The trio's eyes followed her every move. 
Finally her lawyer nodded and Black took a seat. He started the digital recorder on the table while the other officers left. Joanna looked at the one-way mirror behind Black, and the hairs prickled on her neck at the faceless watching.
Inspector Black gave the time and date before proceeding.
"Detective Inspector Anthony Daniel Charles Black questioning Missus Joanna Ives with regard to her involvement in the murder of Mister William Jones."
"How dare you?" Joanna's lawyer spat. "You never said she was a suspect in his murder!"
"For the record, that outburst was from Missus Ives' lawyer. If she continues to be uncooperative, she will be removed and replaced."
"He." The lawyer crossed his scrawny arms.
"The ponytail deceived me," Black said. "It happens."
Black stood up and circled the table. He stopped behind Joanna and coughed loudly, making her jump from fright. He strode over to the one-way mirror and stared at Joanna's reflection until she looked away.
"Where is your husband?" he asked.
"I don't know."
"Earlier today, I came to your house with two police officers, Officer Green and Officer Blake. I asked you where your husband was. Please remind us what your response was."
"I said he went to work."
"So you do not know where he is, but you know he is at work."
"Yes."
Black spun round and banged his fist on the table. The recorder shifted and the jug of water and glasses almost toppled over. He marched round the table and thrust his face into Joanna's.
"Which is it, Missus Ives? Do you know where he is or not?"
Joanna's lawyer placed his hand on hers and nodded. Her head drooped and she cried.
"For the sake of your son, tell us where your husband is," Black said. "We can strike a deal, today. After this session is over, that's it. You have one chance, Missus Ives. Take it. Now!"
"He ran off this morning when you came. I don't know where he went."
There was a knock at the door and a dumpy officer waddled in with a plastic bag. Joanna leaned in to see the bag's contents, so Black snatched the bag and the men turned their backs towards her.
"You are doing well," her lawyer whispered. "Keep cooperating and we'll be out of here ASAP."
"What's the point? He doesn't believe me anyway!"
The chubby officer quickly left the room and closed the door, leaving Black facing the mirror alone. He held up the plastic bag and dangled it in the air.
"What's this?" he asked.
"I can't see from here," Joanna said. "Can you bring it closer?"
Black strolled over and dumped the bag on the table. When Joanna reached for the evidence, he grabbed it first and thrust it into her face.
"This is uncalled for," her lawyer snapped. "One more time and-"
"And what?" Black asked calmly, sitting down. "You'll call your lawyer?"
"Stop it, both of you!"
Joanna saw the receipt in the bag, her bank's name at the top. She skimmed the paper and stopped at the five figure withdrawal at the bottom.
"Ten grand?" she gasped.
"Ten thousand pounds was transferred from your joint bank account the day before yesterday. It was sent to Zurich, Switzerland-"
"I don't anyone in Switzer-"
"Don't interrupt!" Black wiped the spit from his mouth before calmly saying, "This is not the first transfer. Another was made a month ago."
Joanna shook her head in disbelief.
"Must I remind you that my offer stands for today only," Black said. "Walk out of here and the deal goes to someone else."
"Deal? I don't have any information!" Joanna looked at her lawyer, who shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Doesn't anyone believe me?"
"Tell us who your husband hired."
"Hired? He's got enough employees across the UK. He doesn't need any in Europe!"
"Let me rephrase that," Black said. "Right now, you had better tell me who your husband hired to kill Mister William Jones."
Joanna laughed.
"Does this amuse you, Missus Ives?"
"John could never kill someone, let alone Bill! They've worked together-"
"I know, I know. He told me already. Missus Ives, you can know someone for a lifetime and never truly know them at all. We all have secrets."
Joanna laughed again.
"Share the joke, Missus Ives!"
"We have no secrets."
Black chuckled. "Your husband paid ten thousand pounds to some Swiss. Since you have no secrets, tell us who it is."
Joanna sighed.
"Precisely. You have no idea!"
Black poured water into the glass and placed it in front of Joanna. When she reached for it, he said, "That's mine!" and tossed two paper cups towards her. She rolled her eyes and poured herself a drink, her lawyer shaking his head when she offered.
"Let's pretend that you do not know what your husband is planning. Who could he have paid in Switzerland? Think, woman!"
"He doesn't do business in Europe. He was thinking of expanding there, but Bill wasn't keen on the idea."
"So Mister Ives and Mister Jones argued recently?" Black grinned.
"No, it was a minor disagreement. Bill wanted to conquer America next year, but John wanted to try Europe first."
"Who won that disagreement?"
Joanna looked away. "Bill," she mumbled.
"Will you remind your client to speak up?" Black's voice boomed into the recorder.
"Bill won, all right?"
Black nodded slowly, a wide smile stuck to his face. He circled the table again before stopping behind her lawyer.
"Mister William Jones always won, didn't he?" Black asked.
"He just had to have his own way!" Joanna closed her eyes and breathed deeply. "Still, he was not all bad. He stuck by John during the divorce. When Cynthia was treating John like dirt, Bill got him the best lawyer money could buy. Without Bill, we would've lost everything."
Joanna looked back at Black, a blank expression on his face. His eyes were fixed on her, but they were glassy and distant. Then his eyes slit and he frowned.
"Cynthia is?"
"His ex-wife. Wren's mother."
"Wren is his daughter," her lawyer said.
"Thank you for your unnecessary input," Black snapped.
Black sat opposite Joanna and looked her in the eye.
"Has your husband been acting strangely recently?" he asked.
"He's been a bit forgetful."
"Elaborate."
"He didn't want to take the car to the mechanic, he said, but I think he just forgot to. Poor Wren almost missed her trip because he booked her ticket so late. She could've had a nice seat near the front. It's nice up there, you know? Hotter food and colder drinks. You get everything first."
"As his loving wife, you asked him what was wrong, didn't you?"
"Don't judge me!" Joanna wagged her finger in the inspector's face. "He's the strong and silent type. He speaks up when he's ready. Besides, I knew it was...him losing Wren."
"Nonsense!" Black banged the table again and Joanna's water spilled onto her lap. "What were you going to say? Don't lie to me again!"
"Bill was withholding money," she cried. "We were running low on funds."
"You silly woman," Black said. "Where was the money going?"
"Into Bill's bank account! The bastard was milking the company dry!"
"No! To Switzerland!"
Joanna sat back, her eyes wide. She looked down at the receipt and shook her head.
"Mister William Jones was not embezzling money from your company. Your husband was paid every penny he was owed, but the money never made its way to you!"
Joanna sat robotically shaking her head.
"That is why he deliberately waited so long to purchase your step-daughter's train ticket. Instead of the thousand pound seat at the front, she got the fifty pound seat at the back."
"The car...He fixed it himself...Men do that."
"Not to save money or preserve his masculinity! He fixed it to fix you!" Black pointed at the receipt. "The first payment must have been for Mister William Jones. The second was for you."
Joanna nodded slowly, her eyes filling with tears. Her lawyer whispered in her ear, "Tell him everything you know. Do it for your son."
"Listen to your lawyer," Black said. "Obstructing the course of justice is a serious offence!"
Joanna wiped her eyes and sat up straight. "I'll tell you what I know. Actually, I have a good idea where he might be..."


Four officers rushed down the side of the house and disappeared into the back garden. Black directed two officers into the front garden, where they trudged through the overgrown bushes and hid beneath the bay window. One slowly peered inside and gave the thumps up.
"Officers, be ready," Black whispered into his walkie talkie. He strolled across the road and knocked on the front door. 
An overweight woman greeted him, a baby in her arms. She looked him up and down and motioned to the staircase.
"They're upstairs," she said. "You'd better be quick! He knows you're coming."
"Which flat?"
"Flat two."
Black ushered the woman back into her flat and waved the officers inside. He raised his hand to the four in the garden and they ducked behind the bushes. Then he raced upstairs and knocked on the second door along, the two officers waiting on either side.
In a cockney accent, he said, "Parcel delivery."
"I didn't order anything," a woman screeched. "Eff off!"
"It has your name on it. I can leave it with your neighbour."
"No! Wait! That prick'll keep it! He's always stealing my ish."
Black and the officers stepped back as the door bolts were unlocked. He took the pistol from his holster and aimed straight ahead. 
When the redhead opened the door, the barrel was pointing right between her eyes.
"It's the cops!" she screamed. "Get outta here!"
Black knocked her aside and the officers dashed into the flat. He waved one into the bedroom, another into the bathroom, and crept into the living room. The window was open, the curtains fluttering in the wind. He ran over and stuck his head out.
"Officer Green!"
The podgy officer popped out from behind the bush and shook his head.
"He's still here," Black whispered.
Black casually returned to the front door and pressed his finger to his lips when the officers returned.
"He's gone," Black shouted. "He went out the window. Head downstairs and check the garden. He couldn’t have gone far. Move it!"
"Yes sir!"
The three officers stomped to the front door and closed it.
"Do you hear that?" Black whispered.
The others shook their heads.
Black motioned towards the bedroom. They tiptoed to the door and he pressed his ear against it. Inside, someone was stuffing plastic bags. The person unzipped a bag and then dialled a number on his mobile.
"Hello?" the man whispered. "It's me. The friggin' cops were here!"
Black placed his hand on the door knob.
"I dunno how they found out. Eff this! I'm out! You're not gettin' more from me...Don’t care, blood! Deal's off! I'll pay what's left and that's it, aight?"
Black flung open the door and jumped the man. He wrestled him to the floor and then rested his knee on the man's head. The stench of urine hit his nostrils, so he looked down and groaned when he saw the wet patch on the grubby carpet. The man placed his hands over his crotch, his face bright pink. Black stared down at him, the gun aimed at his heart.
"Move. You die. Understand?"
"Yes, officer!"
Black eyes motioned to the mobile, so the closest officer picked it up. He held it close to Black's ear.
"Matty, you there?" the woman asked. "Answer me, man!"
"Hello," Black said. "Who am I speaking to?"
The caller cursed under her breath.
"Do not make me ask you again!"
"I-"
"Do not lie, woman! Who are you?" Black pushed the man away and took the call over to the window, careful to avoid the honey-coloured puddle on the floor. "Never mind! The telephone company will hand over your details. In fifteen minutes, ten armed officers will be standing outside your front door. No need to open it. They'll just break it down."
"Don't, please...My mum'll kill me!"
Black raised an eyebrow. "This is Miss Cynthia Ives, correct?"
The man on the floor slowly raised his hand. Black nodded, so he spoke.
"You're too late," he said. "Cynthia hasn't lived here in years."
"Where did she go?"
"She said somewhere real nice. She said only celebs go there. Hollywood, I think."
"Or Europe."
"Nah, don't think so. If you've got lots of cash, why stay here? Rich people go to America, innit?"
"Western Europe," Black said.
"France? Germany? Spain? If I had ten thousand pounds plus, I'd-"
"Shut up," Black snapped.
Black stepped over the man and waved the officers into the main corridor. Before he followed them out, he turned back and asked, "Have you met Mister Jonathan Ives?"
"Yeah, that's Wren's dad."
"When was the last time you saw him?"
"A few years ago, before Cynthia left."
"You haven't seen her since?"
"Nope. Once the money came, she went. I don't blame her, really. Think of the amount of...stuff you can buy with that."
Black joined the officers in the corridor.
"Arrest that man," Black ordered. "Track down the caller and find out what the hell is going on here. Do not call me until you have something important, understand?"
The officers nodded.
"Good. Get on with it, then!"


Joanna and her lawyer jumped from fright when the inspector threw open the van doors. He climbed into the back and sat opposite her. She peered out the window and watched the officers rushing to their cars.
"What's happening?" she asked.
"Cynthia Ives is not here!"
"Are you sure? John told us she moved up north," Joanna said. "He said she wanted to be closer to her mother in Birmingham."
"I know why you sent us on this wild goose chase! This pointless three hour journey was meant to divert our attention while your husband escaped to Switzerland!"
"I beg your pardon?"
"To see his ex-wife."
Joanna chuckled and shook her head.
"Your husband has been seeing Cynthia Ives regularly for years, that is, until she mysteriously disappeared."
"John said she moved away. There's nothing mysterious about that. People move all the time. Even we moved when Wren came to live with us."
"You have an answer for everything, don't you?" Black said.
"John didn't kill anyone!" Joanna crossed her arms and looked away.
"Maybe he didn't...Maybe Cynthia did."
"What do you mean?"
"I suspect that Cynthia Ives murdered William Jones, and made the scene look like a suicide. However, the lack of belt marks around his neck shows he died by some other means. His blue face suggests suffocation."
Joanna slowly rubbed her neck.
"Your husband did not kill Mister Jones, but he paid the person who did!"
"Why?" Joanna cried. "What would be the point?"
"The oldest motive in the book."
"Money?"
"...No. Power," Black said. "Why share wealth when you can have it all?"
Officer Green knocked on the door and opened it a crack. Black huffed and asked, "What?"
"Our tickets are booked, Inspector. We will leave for Switzerland within the hour."
"You're going to Switzerland?" Joanna gasped.
"No," Black said. "We are going to Switzerland."


John drove onto the ferry and parked. He hurried outside, sighing as the sea air washed over his face. He leaned over the railing and stared at the ocean waves battering the ship. The salty air met his tongue and he sighed again.
"Freedom never tasted so sweet," he whispered. "Let me enjoy this while it lasts."
John closed his eyes and thought of home. Joanna was in the kitchen, cooking a full English breakfast for two. Winnie was stacking his building blocks on the floor, gurgling as they toppled over. Outside, the sun was bearing down on the rose garden, the morning dew making the petals glisten. Then the family was eating breakfast on the patio. When the meal was over, they watched the sun ascend to its rightful place high in the sky.
A teenage boy knocked into John, and laughed with his friends as they strolled off.
"Stupid fool," John muttered quietly.
John closed his eyes and returned home. Now it was pouring down with heavy rain and hail stones battered the family. They rushed into the kitchen, but then someone banged on the front door. John opened it and police officers pounced, knocking him to the carpet. They wrestled his arms behind his back and slapped handcuffs onto his wrists. A panicky Joanna was standing next to a tall black man in uniform, a smug look on the officer's chiselled face.
"Take him away," Inspector Black said.
"Joanna, please!" John shouted. "Let me explain!"
"I can't believe you did this to our family. I can't believe you did this to the kids!"
"I did this for us," he said, the police dragging him out to the driveway. "I wanted to keep the family happy!"
"Happy? Do I look happy to you?"
The officers threw John into the back of the police van and slammed the doors shut.
As the van drove away, he looked at the house one last time, staring at everything so he could burn the memories into his mind. 
Suddenly the van screeched to a halt. The officers got out and calmly walked off down the street.
"Hey! What about me?"
John kicked the doors but every officer kept walking except one, a slim female officer. She turned back and smiled, her deep rouge lipstick pricking his heart. He backed away but she strode over and opened the door.
"Hello, John," she said. "Remember me?"
He nodded.
"Thought you'd gotten rid of me, didn't you?"
He shook his head.
"I said I wasn't going anywhere," she whispered. "Paid to get rid of me? Didn't work."
"I...I..."
"Soon Wren will know the truth, and she'll always hate you for it." The black woman stepped into the van and sat by the open doors. "You wanted a new family. A new beginning. You finally got the son you always wanted. How nice."
"How could you hurt your daughter? How could you wish she'd never been born? Don't you feel any shame? Any guilt? What kind of parent are you?"
John looked back at the house, and remembered the family picture hidden away in the drawer.
"Now Joanna knows the truth," she said. "One day, Winnie will too."
John shouted, "Shut up!"
"I beg your pardon?"
John opened his eyes and wiped the drool from his chin. He pulled the car seat forwards and rolled down the window. A ferry guard motioned for John to come out, so he took his wallet and stepped outside.
"You cannot stay in the car, sir," the official said. "It is too dangerous while the ferry is moving."
"Sorry..."
John locked the car and walked outside to the balcony. He leaned over the railing and gazed at Calais beckoning on the horizon. Then he looked back towards the British land left behind.
"I've got to stop Cynthia," he said. "No one can ever know the truth."


Black flashed his badge at the security guard towering over him. The guard glanced back at two other guards standing with a tanned man in a dark grey suit and then waved the ten British officers through.
The tanned man offered his hand but Black walked right past him and straight down the corridor ahead. He stood at the farthest end and stared at the tanned man, who briskly walked over.
"Um, excuse me, Inspector? Remember you've no jurisdiction here in Zurich."
"No, but your police force does. We have their full backing."
"I am Roger Middleton, the bank manager." Roger offered his hand. "A pleasure to meet you."
"Your accent is too strong," Black snapped. "It's like you're speaking German!"
"Should I request a translator?"
Black scowled. "I need the bank details for Miss Cynthia Ives. Do you have them or not?"
"Right here," Roger said, patting his breast pocket.
Black held out his hand and Roger smiled.
"Do I amuse you?" Black asked, tapping his foot. "I do not have time for this!"
"Yes, Inspector, you do." Roger took out the sealed envelope. "You need this."
"Name your price."
"Five major clients of mine are being investigated in the UK for tax fraud. I want the investigation to end. Today. Thirty minutes from now. If not, this envelope will be shredded and you will need a subpoena through the Swiss courts."
"Major clients? How major?" Black asked.
"Does that mean we have a deal?"
"Let me clarify this. The British police will drop any tax fraud investigation of your clients. In return, you will provide information on Miss Cynthia Ives, so we can complete our murder inquiry."
"Exactly," Roger said. "So, do we have a deal?"
Black reached into his pocket and pulled out a tape recorder. He rewound the tape and pressed play, their conversation played loud enough for the officers and guards to take notice. Roger loosened his tie and Black shoved the recorder back into his pocket.
"Give me the damn envelope," he spat. "Now!"
Roger thrust the envelope into Black's hand and stormed off towards the guards, who then came over and said, "We will escort you off the premises."
"Please do!"
Outside, Black opened the envelope and skimmed over the transaction listing. He snapped his fingers and Officer Green brought a yellow highlighter from the van. Black took it and marked every ten thousand pound transaction on the bank balance sheet.
"This only goes back two years," Black said, "but Mister Ives has been paying his ex-wife beyond this period."
"So he paid Cynthia to kill Mister Jones?" Green whispered. "Then he paid her to disappear."
"I suspect that his daughter had caught on to the murder plan. It would explain why he got rid of her."
"The poor girl," Green said. "We haven't found her yet, but we will."
The van they had hired parked outside the bank and they climbed in. Black sat opposite Joanna while the officers stayed closer to the door. He tossed the envelope onto her lap and sat back. After glancing his way, her blue eyes darkened as she skimmed the transactions.
"Your husband has been paying the former Missus Ives ten thousand pounds every two months for at least two years."
Joanna dabbed her eyes with a tissue and sighed.
"Has Jonathan travelled to Europe recently?"
"For business trips," she said. "He was researching for the expansion. He wanted to show Bill why Europe was a smarter option than America...He came here, didn’t he?"
"Every time. His passport chip showed he stayed here for two to three weeks each trip before heading back to Britain."
Joanna blew her nose and stuffed the tissue into her cotton travel pouch. She reached inside and took out a photograph of the family, the children in the middle and the parents on either side.
"It's all been a lie, hasn't it?" she said. "What goes around comes back around, I suppose."
"Explain."
"I was the mistress. First I didn't know about Cynthia and Wren. Then I just didn't care. She wasn't giving him everything he wanted, so I'd do it. It was her loss and my gain." Joanna placed the picture on her lap and her teardrops fell onto the children. "They're the real losers in all this."
"She must hate you both," Black said. "She must despise you an awful lot."
"I thought her pain would pass, but it never did. She just got worse over time. When Wren moved in with us, Cynthia's condition deteriorated. Alcohol, drugs, and severe mental issues. The woman went mad!"
"She must still love your husband. She killed for him."
"We haven't heard his side of things," she said quickly. "Give him a chance!"
Black shrugged. "Still giving him the benefit of the doubt?"
"Of course!" She looked at the silver band on his finger. "You'd do the same for your wife, correct?"
"Incorrect," he said. "Our children come first. I would never endanger them like this. I would never keep such a bitter person in their lives. I would never abandon them so I could run off abroad."
Joanna clasped the picture and held it so tightly it bent.
"You love him," Black said. "And so does she. The only person he appears to love is himself."
"You don't know him like I do!"
"You don't know him at all."


The van drove away from the town until they reached the dense forest at the mountain base. Darker and darker it became as the trees towered overhead, their canopies sheltering the van from icy hail. Everyone was rocked back and forth as the van struggled up steep sludge, Black cursing all the way.
Finally they reached midway up the mountain. Joanna looked outside and saw the cottage off the roadside. Pieces of the thatched roof flapped in the violent winds and the rain formed puddles in the garden, drowning the dead bushes of yesteryear.
"Are you ready?" Black asked.
Joanna shook her head. "Can we wait for the weather to improve?"
"No."
Officer Green and the other nine policemen filed outside with Black and Joanna close behind. She followed Black through the lifeless garden, using her bag as a shield from the storm. On the doorstep, Black pressed the flimsy buzzer twice.
The door opened and a black woman stepped outside, wearing a brown-stained beige dressing gown and grubby bunny slippers. Her smile turned upside and she stood, hands on hips, her slit eyes skimming the scene.
"Expecting anyone?" Black asked.
"Hello, Joanna," Cynthia said. "How are you?"
"Fine, thank you."
Joanna offered her hand, but Cynthia turned and entered the house with Black close behind. Walking down the hallway, Joanna tripped over the muddy sneakers by the stairs, and Cynthia sniggered.
Black trudged through the ground floor, looking in drawers, behind cabinets, and under furniture. He stopped by the computer desk and hovered over a stack of papers. Cynthia rushed over and placed a thick folder over the pile.
"I am Inspector Black. Let's cut to chase, shall we?"
"We shall," Cynthia said. "Please, sit down."
"No, thank you." Black walked away from desk. "Had any guests, recently?"
"No, why?"
"Been out today?"
"No, why?"
"Expecting your ex-husband to show up with more payment for your services?"
"...No, why?"
Black thumped the television and spun round to Cynthia, who stepped backwards, her eyes wide and her hands shaking. She glanced over to Joanna, who stepped beside her.
"We know Jonathan is coming to see you," Black said. "Or he has already been here!"
"I haven't seen him in years."
Black nodded slowly and turned away. He stood, his back facing the women, and strode over to the plastic bag on the stained sofa. He reached towards it and Cynthia cried, "Don't!" but Black grabbed the bag and spilled the contents onto the floor. 
At his feet were five hypodermic needles and five fist-sized bags of white power. Black kicked a bag across the room and Cynthia plucked it off the floor.
"We know what you've done," he said calmly. "Give yourself up and I'll see what I can do."
"I had to do it," Cynthia cried. "I couldn't lose Wren to that monster!"
"My John's no monster! He loves Wren just as much as you do. He'd do anything for her."
Cynthia sniggered again.
"John never wanted Wren, you know? He always wanted a little boy." Cynthia pointed at the picture in Joanna's hand. "Just like him! We tried, but I kept losing him, again and again. Then you came along."
Cynthia stepped closer to Joanna, who backed away.
"Joanna, the ever so helpful secretary was working unpaid overtime. Now he didn't need me and my middle-aged eggs anymore. He had a spring chicken!"
Joanna glanced at the blank-faced inspector, but he stayed still, watching from across the room. She plopped down at the dining table, almost falling off the wobbly wooden chair.
"Yes, make yourself comfortable," Cynthia hissed. "Take over my house like you took over my man!"
"You still love Jonathan?" Black asked.
"I've never stopped! I love him more than ever."
"And you did this for him?"
"Did what?"
"You know," he said. "We know."
Cynthia's eyes widened and her brown skin turned pale. She licked her plump lips and turned away, wiping her palms on her dressing gown. When she turned back, there were wet patches where her hands had been.
"We know Jonathan paid you to kill William Jones!"
Cynthia started to laugh but quickly coughed instead.
"I didn't kill Bill. Why would I do that?"
"He helped Jonathan through the divorce. You must have been very angry when you lost everything."
"After all these years? Whatever!"
"You still hate Joanna, right?"
Cynthia nodded.
"But the hate for Bill simply dissipated?"
"Bill didn't eff my husband," Cynthia shouted. "That bitch did!"
Joanna hid her flushed cheeks behind her hands.
"So why is he paying you ten thousand a month?"
Cynthia held her head high and smiled.
"I found out that John was embezzling money," she said. "I wanted some cash, so I told him to send some my way. I didn't realise he'd kill Bill! If I'd known, I'd never have asked for the bloody money."
"Why not?" Joanna asked. "You hated Bill. Are you really sorry about his death?"
"You can hate someone without wishing them dead," Cynthia said. "Besides, death's too easy. It's better to make them suffer in life. Dying is temporary, but ripping their heart out is permanent. If you want to hurt them, butcher their soft spot."
Black's mouth gaped open.
"Oh, Cynthia," Joanna said. "The hate's still so strong?"
"Not so much anymore. I'm taking this money and going to the Caribbean. I'll spend the rest of my days chilling on a beach in Jamaica. Don't pay me a visit!"
Black pulled out the handcuffs from his back pocket and motioned Cynthia over, but she shook her head and stepped back. The inspector stomped over and pulled her arms behind her back.
"Ow!" she cried. "Careful, mon!"
"You are under-"
"Hold up! Don't you wanna know about Bill's hanging?"
Black pulled her closer and said, "Talk, woman!"
"Only if you take the handcuffs off."
Joanna followed as Black tugged Cynthia to the front door. Wren's mother fell to the floor and lay there, giggling. He dragged her feet first across the floorboards, a trail of dust on her back. She kicked out but he held her firmly until she was calm.
"Okay, okay! Leave them on," she said. "Can we strike a deal?"
"Talk."
"I'll tell you everything John told me in exchange for freedom. I talk, I walk. It's only fair."
"Fair? Striking deals with drug addicts like you isn't fair." Black dumped her by the stairs and stood over her. "You've got one minute. Talk!"
"John hired a hitman to kill Bill. Bill wanted to takeover America, but, you know, it's America. The odds were tinier than a grain of coke. Well, Bill started to embezzle funds-"
"No, he did not."
"Well, that's what I heard John telling someone on the phone." Cynthia sat up and shook off the dust on her back. "John said he knew people who'd get rid of Bill for him. They make it look like an accident."
"What happened?"
"The killer was supposed to suffocate Bill and then hang him, so it'd look like a suicide. John could expand across Europe and that was it. Problem solved."
"So he paid you all this time to keep you quiet about the embezzlement and contract killing?"
"Yep. I threatened to talk so he paid up. That's why I could afford this place."
"And those drugs."
Joanna helped Cynthia to her feet.
"Why didn't he kill you?" Black asked. "He could have sent the hitman after you too. Problem solved."
"Wren would know I'd gone," she said. "He wouldn't get away with it."
"Only ten thousand every other month for murder? Most would go for more, especially when they're still so angry..."
"It's a five figure income for doing nothing!" Cynthia shrugged. "I'm bitter, not greedy. I forgive Joanna, really, I do."
"Did he call?"
"Just look at me!" Cynthia flicked the bushy hair from her face and batted her crusty eyelids. "Who wouldn't?"
"Me," he said. "So, what did he say?"
"He said he was coming over, for old time's sake. He had another payment, but this time it'd be delivered in person...Doesn't sound too good, does it?"
"Yet you stayed in the deserted forest, waiting for him to arrive...Doesn't sound like someone who is scared. You even went for a walk on the mountain."
"How'd you know?" she gasped.
Black pointed at the muddy shoes.
"Well, I need the money!" Cynthia wiped her nose on her sleeve. "I'm running low on food and drinks and-"
"When did he say he would arrive?"
"This evening, why?"
"Tell me immediately if he calls again." Black removed the handcuffs. "Act normal. If he wants to meet earlier, do it. Don't be too eager or too bitchy. Be in between!"
"I'll try," Cynthia said, rubbing her wrists. "Any news on my daughter?"
"I thought you would never ask," he muttered. "Mister Ives bought her a train ticket to France three days ago. We haven't tracked her down yet."
"So you haven't heard from her?"
"No, why?"
"Just worried, that's all. If John killed poor Bill, what would he do to Wren?"
Cynthia walked away but Black pulled her back.
"Elaborate."
"One time he said...Oh, I shouldn't say anything! I don’t want Wren to find out..."
"Say it. You've started, now say it!"
"We should sit down before Joanna hears this."
Black and Joanna sat at the dining table while Cynthia brought in a hot kettle and poured herself a cup of tea. Joanna helped herself to the remaining cup, careful to hide her disgust at the tea ring stain inside.
"Well?" Black said. "Say it, then!"
"When we divorced, we argued like crazy. Every day we fussed over something new, from big things like where Wren would go to school to trivial crap like what to watch on TV. One evening, John and I had dinner together. Wren was staying with friends and Joanna wasn't on the scene yet. It was just me and John.
"The meal was amazing. Red rose scented candles decorated my finest white silk tablecloth. My mother's China had been dusted off, ready for a juicy roast and moist vegetables. After eating, we danced on the patio under the stars. No music, just the rhythm in our hearts.
"Then it rained. I don't remember how it started, but we ended up fighting. I told him to get out, again, and he refused at first. Then he said he'd gladly leave because he didn't want us anymore. I asked him what he meant by us, and he said me and Wren.
"I brushed it off at the time, but he said it again every argument since. He wished Wren had never been born. He wanted to break free from me, but she was holding him back." Cynthia glared at Joanna. "We were holding him back from her. But for Wren, he could have left and never seen me again. Because of her, he had no choice."
"So you abandoned your daughter for money?" Black asked.
"She didn't want to stay with me anyway! She wanted her new family now. I let her go."
"Do you hate Wren?"
Cynthia dabbed her dry eyes with the tablecloth. "I love my daughter with all my heart. I haven't been the best mother, I know, but we all make mistakes. If she could forgive Joanna for destroying my happy marriage, why couldn't she forgive me?"
Joanna gently placed her hand on Cynthia's.
"So what are you insinuating?" Black asked. "Get to the point!"
"John wants rid of Wren, too! He sent me away but he couldn't do that to her. She'd come back like she always did, didn't she, Joanna?"
"Yes. She came back home."
Cynthia flinched when Joanna mentioned home, so Joanna quickly apologised.
"It's all right," Cynthia said. "It's your home now. This lovely cottage is mine."
"We'll contact the train company ASAP!" Black said. "Maybe it was no accident..."
Black took the walkie talkie off his holster and radioed in to the other officers. Officer Green gave a code Joanna could not understand. Black sprung up and ran outside, where the officers were waiting by the van. She rushed to the window and saw Black jump into the van with the others. They sped off down the mountain.


Black thumped the driver's seat and the passenger quickly turned off the siren. He sat down in the back of the van with the other officers.
"Is it definitely him?" Black asked.
"Yes, sir," Green said. "An official spotted him on the ferry over to France. Apparently he was hiding in the car, pretending to be asleep."
"Damn it, why weren't the ports manned?"
"We sent officers there but, I guess, they got there too late."
"Too late, eh?" Black thumped the driver's headrest. "Just brilliant! How did he get here before us by bloody boat?"
"He caught the train from Calais," Green said. "It was a four hour journey tops."
"Meanwhile, we were wasting time chasing those drug addicts and interrogating that bloody woman."
"Sorry, sir."
"Don't apologise! I didn't ask for an apology, did I?"
"I'm so-"
The officers all ducked as the van pulled up beside the dark saloon parked at the petrol pump. Black pulled off his badge and handed it to Officer Green, and removed his long coat. He undid the first two buttons on his white shirt and loosened his cuffs.
"If any gunshots are fired, get in there," Black said. "Ready, boys?"
The officers nodded.
"If I don't return in ten minutes, come and get him."
Black placed his gun into a black carrier bag and slipped out the back of the van. He strolled across the petrol station and into the store.
At the cashier was a lanky white man in a suit. He was rummaging through his wallet, taking out coins, and cursed when he tipped the wallet over and pennies fell out.
"Do you take sterling?" the man asked.
"No," the cashier said, folding his arms. "We don't have time to convert money. Euros only."
Black took one of the small plastic baskets from the entrance and quickly dumped some canned food inside. He strode over to the counter and pulled out his wallet.
"Guten tag," Black said. "Sprechen sie Englisch?"
"No. I mean, yes! I do!"
"Should I pay?"
"Dante!"
Black dumped a handful of coins on the counter and winked at the cashier. The cashier smiled nervously and counted the coins. 
John smiled and headed for the exit, so the inspector rushed after him and offered his hand, which John hesitated before shaking.
"Been in Switzerland long?" Black asked.
"No, I got here today." John rested his hand on the door. "Just passing through."
"Me too."
John looked outside and motioned towards the van.
"Yeah, it's mine."
"I think your friends are waiting," John said. "You'd better get going."
John opened the door and froze when Officer Green stepped out of the van. The officer waved and slotted the petrol pump nozzle into the vehicle. John watched from the doorway and then glanced back at Black, who flashed Green a mean look.
"Actually, I need to use the bathroom," John said, walking past Black. "Don't go anywhere!"
"I won't."
Black watched John enter the bathroom and then went to the cashier. He pointed at the back door and the cashier grabbed the cash register and rushed out. Black heard the man bolt the door.
"Everything all right?" Green asked.
Black grabbed Green by the collar and threw him. Green fell backwards into the store's candy display, sweet packets scattering around him.
"You moron," Black hissed. "Now he's suspicious!"
"But he was leaving," Green whispered. "He could've done a runner!"
Black clamped his hand over Green's mouth and listened as the toilet flushed in the bathroom. The taps were running and the hand dryer was next. Black edged towards the bathroom and pulled out his gun from the plastic bag. He pressed his ear against the door and heard footsteps getting closer. Then he stepped back and aimed the pistol straight ahead.
The door opened and an old man threw his hands up. He fell to his knees and clasped his hands, pleading for his life. He took the turban from his head and wept into it.
"Don't hurt me, please!" The man unwound the turban and offered Black the bank notes inside. "Here! It's all I have!"
"Did you see a smartly dressed white man pass through?" Black asked, lowering his weapon. "He's middle-aged, brunette, and wanted."
"I didn't see anyone," the man said, pointing at the last toilet stall. "Sorry!"
"Thank you."
Green escorted the man outside and Black crept into the first toilet stall. He climbed onto the toilet seat and peered over the stalls, spotting the back of the suit jacket. He aimed the gun at his target and said, "Come out, Mister Ives. The place is surrounded."
The last stall door flew open and John leapt out the window. Black dashed after him but his shirt got caught on the window handle, slowing him down. He ripped off the sleeve and chased John across the grassy field ahead.
"Stop or I'll shoot!" Black aimed his pistol but John ducked behind a cow.
"Don't hurt me!"
John darted between the cattle and jumped over the rickety fence. He kept low while Black fired warning shots that missed by inches. Then Black lowered his gun and shot at John's leg.
John fell over but quickly rose again, and ran towards the forest at the mountain base. Black fired again but the bullets hit the trees. John wove between the thicket and dove into a dense bush. Black shot the bush and then hurried on. 
"I'm innocent!" John shouted, breathing heavily.
"Only the guilty run!" Black fired another warning shot, aiming closer to John's torso.
"Okay, so I did do it." John hid behind a thick tree trunk and peeked out. "Let me explain, all right? Please!"
"Your daughter is next," Black said. "We know you want her gone."
"She wanted to go! I gave her what she wanted..."
Black raised his gun and walked towards the tree.
"Who killed William Jones?" Black asked.
"I don't know!"
"Try again."
Black fired at the tree twice and reloaded his gun. John rushed deeper into the forest, struggling to ascend the ever steeper earth. He tripped and fell into the dirt, quickly sinking up to his calves.
Black carefully walked around John, keeping his distance from the wet mud. He pushed the gun into his pocket and reached for the handcuffs, cursing when he realised they were gone.
"Cynthia told us everything," Black said. "Joanna knows about the bribery."
John started to cry and clasped his hands in prayer.
"Please, God! I did what I had to do."
"Kill Bill?"
"I didn't!" John thumped the dirt but his fist got stuck in the mud. "Damn it!"
"If you never killed Mister Jones, who did?" Black crouched by the mud pit and watched as John sank down to his knees. "I could always come back another time if you're busy."
"Who didn't want Bill dead? Divorcees across Britain hated him because he helped many men keep what they'd worked hard for. Our competitors hated us too. Our product was attracting attention worldwide. We were going to be filthy rich! We expanded so fast, no one else could keep up!"
"No one else could keep up with William, you mean. Not even you."
"What do you want me to say?" John asked. "That I hated him? Yes, I did. Happy? I had it all, but he always had more."
"With him dead, now you could expand across Europe, just as you wanted."
"Whoopee! Bill is dead, I'm going to jail for murder, and now the company will go down the pan. Joanna can't run things by herself. She was just a secretary, for goodness sake, not CEO or bloody Director!"
John looked up at the afternoon sun peeking through the treetops and sighed. He placed a hand behind his back and bowed his head.
"I've got nothing left," he said. "It's over now."
"That's it?" Black laughed. "What a pushover!"
"I beg your pardon? I've tried, damn it! After all I've done for my family! Don't come here and tell me I'm a pushover! I risked jail for my family, for my daughter."
"The one you're going to kill."
John's eyes widened.
"Don't act like you don't know!" Black circled the mud pit. "You hired a hitman to kill William Jones. Now the hitman is after Wren."
"Over my dead body!"
John grabbed the mud and clawed his way across the pit. He kicked at the dirt and pushed his way onto the soft ground on the outskirts. He collapsed at Black's feet, gasping for air.
"So you are a man," Black said, smiling. "Come. Time to see your wife..."


Cynthia brushed away the cinders and dumped new logs in the fireplace. She took a lighter from her pocket and struggled to hold the flame teasing her. Joanna opened her mouth but Cynthia's head snapped back and said, "I can do it!"
"Just offering."
"Hungry?"
"I don't want to be an inconvenience," Joanna said. "I can always get a taxi into town."
"Why? Don't you want my food?" The lighter trembled in her grasp. "You'll take my husband but not my food?"
"Stop it, Cynthia."
There was a bump upstairs. Cynthia stood up and rushed into the hallway, closing the door behind her. Joanna stayed by the window, looking out for the police officers.
After ten minutes, Joanna's eyes drifted back to the fireplace. She looked at the cinders on the floorboards and then over at the kettle and two cups, remembering the tea stain around the rim.
"She must have a guest," she whispered. "At least she has company."
She turned back to the window, but another bump upstairs snatched her attention. She went to the hallway and looked up the worn staircase, but it was too dark to see anything upstairs.
"Cynthia?" she called. "Do you need any help?"
Silence answered, so she ascended.
On the landing, she knocked on the door closest to the stairs. With no response, she turned the knob and peered round the door. Inside was a stripped double bed with an open wardrobe in the corner of the striped room, wallpaper peeling from the walls. Another bump came from behind, so she closed the door and went to the next room.
"Cynthia?" She knocked on the door. "Hello?"
Joanna entered the room and found a toilet full of yellowy liquid and brown mould around the rim. The shower cord had snapped in two and bathwater was festering in the tub, the plughole stuffed with matted afro hairs. Joanna held her nose and returned to the landing, trying not to heave.
Joanna stopped outside the third door and knocked. She heard feet shuffling across the floorboards and then a window slammed shut.
"Cynthia?"
"Come in," Cynthia said. "It's time."


Two officers kicked down the front door and Black pushed past. He ran into the living room but no one was there, so he directed two officers into the kitchen and then rushed upstairs with Officer Green and John.
Green went into the first room and quickly came out while John checked the bathroom. Black continued on to the room farthest from the stairs and pressed his ear against the door. He heard incessant giggling followed by muffled pleas.
"You stupid woman," Cynthia hissed. "I thought you'd like being in my bed. It's not the first time, after all...Shut up!"
Black backed away from the door and then charged into it. The door fell off its hinges and slammed into Cynthia, who was standing by the four poster bed. She fell onto the bedcovers and scrambled over to the other side, but Black was there to meet her. He grabbed her by the hair and threw her into the wardrobe.
"This is assault!" she screeched. "I'm calling a lawyer!"
"Good," Black said. "You will need one."
"I haven't done anything!"
"Nonsense. You hired a hitman to kill your daughter."
Black grabbed her by the dressing gown and pulled her closer. She wriggled free and dashed across Joanna, who was tied to the bed, and stopped by the door. When she saw John, she glided over to him with open arms and tears in her eyes.
"Darling, you don't believe them, do you?"
John slapped her hands away and pushed her onto the bed. He grabbed her throat and shook her hard until Black and Green pried his hands off. Green tugged John away and held him by the window.
"You tried to kill my daughter!"
"I'd never hurt little Wren," Cynthia said. "She's my little sweetie pie."
"Little sweetie pie? You stupid bitch!"
John shoved Green aside and lunged for Cynthia, but Black knocked him away, sending him crashing onto the bed. After steadying himself, John loosened the tights holding Joanna to the bedposts and hugged her as she wept in his arms.
"Look what you've done," John said. "You destroyed our family."
"I destroyed the family?" Cynthia grabbed the picture of Wren on the bedside table and thrust it into John's face. "You're the one who destroyed our innocent angel."
"I always do what's best for her. Always."
Cynthia threw the picture and it bounced off John's head. Green and Black held her back while the couple moved to the other side of the room. She shook the officers off and slicked down her messy afro.
"John wanted her dead," Cynthia said. "He couldn't start a new life with Wren as a constant reminder of me! Poor Johnny couldn't stand it! With a slut like Joanna, I'd fantasise too. I mean, just look at her."
"Jonathan did not hire the hitman. You did!" Black spun Cynthia round so she was facing him. "Do you understand? You are the one who wanted Wren dead."
"So John didn't do it?" Joanna asked, blushing. "But you said he'd paid Cynthia to kill Bill."
"I was incorrect," Black snapped. "It happens, rarely. As I was saying, Cynthia hired a professional to kill William Jones and stage the murder like a suicide. I suspect the same person was sent to murder Wren on her holiday."
"So why did you run?" Joanna asked her husband. "If you're innocent, why leave the country?"
"Because I am not innocent!" John held Joanna's hands close to his heart. "I betrayed your trust, and Wren will never forgive me now."
"I don't understand."
"I bribed Cynthia," he said. "I paid her thousands of pounds to leave the UK and never return. Recently, I blackmailed her with pictures of her in a drug induced state. If the Swiss authorities found out, she risked prosecution and deportation."
"How could you?" Joanna let go of John's hands. "Poor Wren thought Cynthia didn't care anymore. God, you knew where she was all this time? John, you sent her away?"
"I did it for Wren! Do you want the kids growing up with a druggie? It was bad enough when Wren went to live with her. The woman is poison! She changes people...She brings out the worst."
"I bring out the worst?" Cynthia cried. "You're the one who sent the hitman my way!"
"I beg your pardon? I wouldn't know where to hire a hitman!"
Cynthia turned to Inspector Black, who was glaring at her. She looked at Green, who pulled the handcuffs from his belt.
"What kind of crap inspector are you?" Cynthia said. "John set me up! He planned everything."
"Of course he did." Black turned to John. "Just as I suspected."
John gulped as the inspector approached him slowly.
"It all makes sense now." Black stared at John. "His guilt is clear."
"You tell 'em!" Cynthia kissed her teeth. "Thought you'd gotten away with it, didn't you?"
"The evidence is overwhelming," Black said. "Instead of hiring a hitman, Jonathan channelled the money to you. It would have been simpler to pay the hitman outright, but why take the easy route? Send the blood money through not only the ex-wife who hates him, but also across Europe with the police in tow."
"It's messier, but why not?" Cynthia chuckled. "Tried to set me up, didn't you?"
"Then again, Jonathan is not much of a man. He likes the simpler life. For example, the international expansion of his business. Targeting America would have been gutsy, so he cowered in Europe instead."
"Yes but-"
"Quiet, Cynthia," Black shouted. "I am not finished speaking yet!"
Cynthia rolled her eyes.
"Instead of putting up with your nonsense, he paid you to leave. He could not handle sharing his daughter with you, so he sent you away. Jonathan Ives is clearly a simple man. He likes an easy ride. Paying a hitman through a third party is far from an easy ride. Too many things could, and did, go wrong."
"You're forgetting something, Inspector," Cynthia said. "The git's so-called expansion across the world was controlled by Bill. John hated Bill as much as I do!"
"I know. He hated William because Mister Jones got him top legal representation for the divorce proceedings. This meant poor Jonathan got to sell your joint possessions, keep most of the profit, and won primary custody of your daughter. How horrendous! No wonder he hated Bill..."
Cynthia began to sweat, so she wiped her face on her sleeve. She glanced over at John and Joanna, smiles on their faces.
"Even more suspect," Black said, "Jonathan deliberately risked his daughter missing the train by ordering the ticket less than a minute before closing time. Why hire a hitman if the target isn’t there? Oh, apologies Mister Hitman. I forgot to send your intended victim. Should we try again later? Am I entitled to a refund?"
"Don't be stupid!"
Cynthia grabbed the pillow and threw it at the inspector, who whacked it to the floor. He nodded and Green jumped on Cynthia. He wrestled her to the floor, where he finally managed to handcuff her to the bedpost.
"Will you behave?" Black asked.
Cynthia shook her head.
"Good."
Black sat on the bed close to her and she turned away.
"Cynthia, look at me."
Cynthia kissed her teeth. Black grabbed her shoulder and forced her round. She spat at him, so he walked away, cursing under his breath. Officer Green removed her from the bedpost and recited her rights while she screamed, "Shut up!" 
When Green finished, she turned to John and smiled.
"This isn't over," she said.
"You'll be back, right?" John asked, looking smug.
"You started this, and he'll finish it."
"Oh, I forgot to mention that Wren isn't dead," Black said. "She is travelling here to Switzerland to see you."
"The hitman never got her."
"Exactly." Black towered over her. "I hope you kept the receipt."
"No, you moron! I meant, the killer never got her...because she is already here." Black followed Cynthia's eyes outside to the trees. "She's out there. He's out there too."
"How could you do this?" Joanna asked.
"John loves me," Cynthia said. "Before Wren came along, everything was great. She made me suffer from post-natal depression. I was a real bitch. I'm sorry, I'd say, but he didn't believe me. He didn't understand. Then you came into our lives and messed everything up!"
"If you were angry at me, you should have targeted me."
"You were next."
"You're not worth it," John said. "The bribery was a stupid idea. I should've let Wren find out for herself how useless you are."
"The bribery was a front. You did it to fool these morons. Wren's death will be your punishment."
"Take her away!" Black said.
Officer Green dragged Cynthia into the hallway where three officers helped him carry the woman, kicking, screaming, and spitting, downstairs. 
When the house was quiet, Black turned to John and Joanna.
"Stay here," Black said. "We'll find your daughter."
"Joanna will stay. I'm coming with you."
"You will stay with your wife. I will do my job."
"Do your job as a law enforcer. I will do my job as a father." John stood up, eye-to-eye with Black. "Try and stop me."
"Fine, then," Black said. "Move it!"


Part Three

Wren opened her eyes and screamed. Two yellow eyes were zooming towards her. She dropped to the ground as the owl swooped overhead. It landed on the tree branches above her, a rodent wriggling in its claws. The bird spun its head and stopped, its eyes focused to the side. Wren followed its gaze and ducked when she spotted the dark figure in the shadows.
"Oh God," she gasped. "He's here!"
She crept through the forest, keeping her head low, and hid behind a tree. The figure pulled the hood over his head and turned her way. He descended down the mountain, walking steadily over the loose rocks and dirt, and then disappeared into the darkness, his heavy feet trudging farther away.
When it was quiet, she ran uphill and hid behind a larger tree trunk.
"It's him or the police," she said. "Cops it is."
Wren dashed towards her mother's house. She saw torches shining from uphill, so she ran to the closest one. The torch bearer turned away and the beam lit up the clearing. Out of breath, she approached with her hands raised.
"It's Dad!" John called from up the mountain. "Wren, are you out there?"
"He got to the police first," she whispered. "Damn, Jasper was right! It really is an inside job!"
"Wren!" a posh voice shouted. "Watch out!"
Wren watched the figure ahead drop the torch into the weeds. He removed his matching jeans jacket and trousers before pulling the cloak over his head. She backed away quietly, careful to avoid the twigs and branches at her feet.
The killer looked over his shoulder, his pale skin glowing in the moonlight.
"Five seconds," he said.
"What?"
"Your head start."
Wren tried to run uphill but he swung his fist, almost knocking her face. The moon hid behind the clouds, leaving them in total darkness. She crouched down and crawled away, but then he grabbed her and tossed her downhill. She tumbled through the bush, twigs and rocks scratching her skin. Finally she slammed into a tree and her body wrapped round the trunk.
Gasping for air, Wren clawed at the ground and pulled herself up. She stood with her back against the trunk and wept. Then she grabbed her hair and tugged.
"Leave me alone!" she screamed. "I haven't done anything wrong."
"We are all guilty as sin," a gruff voice said.
There were dark figures everywhere. She slipped behind the tree and spotted another figure in the shadows. Her eyes pinned to him, she grabbed a stick from the ground and charged into the darkness. She whacked the figure's head until the stick cut through and landed on the dirt.
"A bloody bush?" Wren giggled and flicked the leaves. "For flip's sake..."
The bushes wavered among the trees as she sauntered back to the thick trunk and plopped down beside it. Out the corner of her eye, she saw a flicker of light, but when she turned there was another owl tearing a rodent from its hole.
There was a muted pop and the bark above her head shattered. She fell to the ground and crawled through the weeds until she was shielded by a bush. A furry creature turned her way, so she clamped her muddy hands over her mouth to muffle her shrieks as it brushed past.
Twigs and leaves crunched beneath someone's heavy footsteps. She peered through the leaves and saw the familiar black cloak by the thick trunk, the tanned hand touching the bullet hole. Silently she moved deeper into the bush, her ears following the footsteps as they edged closer.
"I'm trapped," she whispered. "I'm dead."
Wren heard something heavy hit the dirt, so she peeked out. A silver silenced pistol was sinking into the mud close by, the handle pointing her way. She looked to the right and saw the shooter loading large red-tipped bullets into a shotgun. He cocked the weapon and turned away.
Her eyes darted between the shooter and the pistol sinking into the soil. She edged forwards slightly and looked around the pistol for dry ground. When she found a patch covered with leaves, she crawled towards it. The shooter spun round and pointed the gun directly at her hiding place.
"Come out."
Wren bit her lip and closed her eyes.
"I said come out!" the man shouted.
She held her breath and did not move.
The man stomped over and pushed the barrel into the leaves. Wren moved away but the barrel followed as if it could see. She crawled backwards until the man removed the barrel and marched off.
"I won't hurt you," he called. "Don't be afraid."
Wren looked uphill but she could not see her mother's house or the police. She lay down and clasped her hands in prayer, clutching Asma's necklace tightly between her palms.
When she opened her eyes, a pair of gloved hands reached from behind and yanked her out by the neck. The man pinned her to the ground and smacked her face. She tasted blood and reached for his neck, so he clenched his fists and punched her with each. Her head fell into the mud and she saw quadruple vision, four hoods dancing before her eyes.
"Don't hurt me, please," she said, her vision blurry and red.
The man grabbed her neck and tightened his grip. She wanted to scream as her neck bones fought the pressure, but she was struggling to breathe. Her fingers tightened around the necklace and she glimpsed the man's neck.
Wren closed her eyes and released one more breath. The shooter held her for another moment before slowly letting go. He strode over to the shotgun on the dirt and brought it to her body.
Before he could aim, Wren kicked his crotch, making him keel over. She elbowed his head and then wrapped the necklace around his neck. She pulled tighter until the hood almost exposed his face, but he managed to spin round and knee her stomach. Wren whimpered and knelt down, clutching her throbbing stomach.
"I'm sorry." She spat out blood. "Don't kill me, please!"
The man reached for his gun and Wren dashed off. She glanced back and he was chasing her, struggling to aim and run simultaneously. Suddenly he stopped and pulled the trigger, but the gun only clicked and clicked. He threw the gun and sprinted after her.
Wren tripped and fell downhill, rolling all the way to the bottom. She crashed into the lake at the mountain base. Face down, she bobbed on the water, her thoughts drowning in her mind. Finally they swam to the surface, but it was too late.
The man grabbed her by the hair and dragged her from the water. Her arms limply at her side, she coughed to clear the murky water from her throat. The shooter turned back and slapped her until she was silent.
"Let me go," she spluttered. "I won't tell anyone."
The man dumped her on the dirt and picked up a rock the size of her head. He slowly raised the rock above his head and stood over her. She closed her eyes and thought of Winnie, her mother, and Joanna.
A gunshot was fired and the man fell, releasing the rock. It crashed onto Wren's legs and she screamed as the bones snapped. She tried to push the rock off, but her body was exhausted and she could barely see through her swollen eyes.
Then she spotted uniformed figures racing down the mountain, a sleek-haired white man leading the way. The officers dragged the killer's body away while a plain-clothed officer stood over Wren, his long coat flapping in the wind.
"Hello, Wren," he said. "Sorry we took so long."
"Are you all right?" John asked, taking her hand. She tried to snatch it away but her wrist only fell limply to the dirt.
"You did this," she gasped. "Officer, he tried to kill me!"
"Inspector," Black said.
"Can we have a moment, please?" John asked.
 Black stayed put and crossed his arms.
"Fine, then," John muttered. "Honey, I would never hurt you. You're my child!"
"The child you didn't want."
John blushed and hung his head in shame. He stroked Wren's dirty matted curls and then lay down beside her. She winced as she turned her head away, and gazed at the lake chopping the dirt.
"Your mother told you."
Wren nodded.
"She lied, as usual," John said. "I wished I hadn't fathered you...with her."
"So I didn't spoil everything?"
"I fell out of love with your mother long before you were born. She just can't handle that. It's easier to blame others than to accept responsibility."
Wren looked back at her father and saw the ambulance van speeding towards them.
"You hired a hitman to kill me," Wren said.
"Your mother did."
Wren's tears burned her face as they trickled down her cheeks. John took her hand and gently squeezed it.
"Ask the inspector," he said. "She set me up."
"All because of me?"
"No, darling. Because of me. It's all my fault. I did this to you."
Black raised an eyebrow.
"Wren, I caused this mess the day I cheated on your mother. Going in and out of her life made her lose it. Today I almost paid the price for my selfishness. I'm sorry."
Father and daughter hugged.
"She needs the hospital," Black said. "Step aside."
When John stood up, Black pulled his arms behind his back and slapped handcuffs onto his wrists. John turned pale as Officer Green waved over the police van. Wren reached out to her father but Black stepped between them.
"I believe him," Wren said. "Let him go!"
"He's still guilty of bribery."
"I don't understand."
"I bribed your mother into leaving," John said. "You were sick of her. I had to do something!"
"Dad, it's okay...What's done is done." She looked at Black. "I just wanna go home. Please, Inspector?"
"Once the hospital discharges you, we'll be on the first plane to London." Black directed to the van and Green led John away. "Don't worry. Just get well."
"Thank you," Wren said.
"Don't make anyone else mad." Black shoved the pistol into his pocket. "My job is hard enough as it is."


When the plane crossed into Britain the storm hit. Wren placed her hand on the cold glass and watched the water droplets racing down the side of the aircraft. Waves battered a small boat rocking violently on the English Channel, and then crashed into the White Cliffs of Dover.
"You'd better look away," the air hostess said. "I'll tell you when we've passed Dover."
"Is it bad?" Wren asked.
"If you're lucky, you won't see anything because of the storm." The brunette patted Wren's hand. "I just wanted to say you're a brave woman. I heard about it on the news. Glad to see you've recovered well."
"Thank you."
The hostess pushed the trolley on and disappeared into the second class cabin.
Wren opened the window blind and saw the train tunnel entrance. There was yellow tape farther up the tracks where two police vans were blocking entry. The plane flew closer and she leaned in, her nose pressing against the glass.
Two police officers loaded a black body bag onto the stretcher and carried the corpse through the open doors of the ambulance waiting. Meanwhile, paramedics went from body to body, placing their hand on each person's neck. Wren's eyes combed the high grass until she saw the familiar suit and snazzy heels.
Before the plane glided over the crime scene, she spotted a white face in the dark tunnel. She blinked and the figure had gone. Her head throbbing, she closed the blind and reclined in her seat.


"Wren?" a soft voice said.
Jasper appeared from behind the curtain and handed her a bouquet of violet pansies. She stuck her nose among the buds and inhaled. When she lifted her head, Jasper laughed and brushed the pollen off her nose.
"Not funny," she grumbled.
"What happened?"
"I was shot at, fell down a mountain, almost drowned, and then got crushed by a rock."
"So you escaped a train crash and got into even more trouble? Silly girl!"
The curtain pulled back and Wren sat up, and frowned. The nurse dropped a clipboard on the table at the foot of the bed and rushed away. Wren crossed her arms and glared at Jasper.
"Where are the boys?"
"Don't worry, they're fine," he said. "They weren't too keen on coming back to the hospital, you know?"
"Asma?"
"It's not looking good."
Wren plucked a flower from the bag and handed the rest to Jasper.
"Give them to her, please," she said.
Jasper ruffled her hair and took the flowers. He turned to leave but Wren called him back.
"Don't even ask," he said. "I'm not sneaking food in here. The matron's grouchy enough as it is."
"Can I ask you something?"
"Yeah, kid."
"...Did you cheat on her?"
The flowers slipped from his grasp and the petals broke off when they hit the ground. He cursed under his breath and gathered the petals, and slipped them into his pocket.
"Does it really matter now?" he asked. "I just lost my son for flip's sake!"
Jasper pulled back the curtain and stormed out the ward, dumping the flowers in the bin on the way.
"Wait!" she cried. "I'm sorry!"
Jasper entered the elevator and pushed the button before turning away.
"I'm sorry..."


"Go on," Wren whispered in his ear. "Hurry up!"
John slid the card through the reader and opened the door a crack. She saw his eyes glowing as they skimmed the room, his lips curling upwards. She huffed and gently pushed her way into the office, gasping when the blinds opened automatically. 
Wren pulled him into the room and he nervously approached the black marble desk, platinum streaks shimmering across the top. He spun the desk chair round and hesitated before taking a seat. She plopped down on the chair opposite and crossed her legs, flashing a brilliant smile.
"Good morning, Mister Ives," she said with a posh accent. "Should we start our nine o'clock meeting now or await Mister Gates' arrival?"
"Yeah, right!"
John laughed and leaned back in the cushioned leather chair. He swirled around and stopped to face the city street below. Wren sprung up and ran round the desk to sit on his lap. Together they watched the sun's reflection setting in the windows across the street.
"Dad, you can't give this up! If you want me to take over where Bill left off, just say so!"
"Not a chance!" John squeezed her tightly and kissed her head. "Thanks for the offer, though."
"So you'll just walk away from all this?"
Wren stood up and her father strode round the desk, sliding his hand across the smooth marble. He stopped by the photograph lying face down and rested his hand on it.
"It's complicated," he said. "Bill's wife might have something to say about this."
"She only wanted him for the money. When she gets the life insurance, she'll live comfortably for the rest of her days."
"Wren!"
"What? It's true, though!" Wren sat down and put her feet on the desk, her muddy trainers dirtying the papers below. "You own the place now! Time to start acting like it."
John's face turned white when he looked at the blind railing. He shuddered and turned away.
"We've got to redecorate," he said. "I can't work here like this. It's nice, no doubt about it, but it's Bill, not me."
"So you're not selling your shares?"
"You and Joanna are right," he said. "It's time to man up!"
John pressed the speaker phone button and tapped his finger impatiently until the secretary answered.
"Good evening, Mister Ives. How can-"
"Clarissa, listen very carefully," he said. "Do not call the investors in America, understand? There's been a change of plans. We're going to Europe."
"But Mister Jones-"
"Is dead. I am in charge now." John held his head high. "Clarissa?"
"Yes, sir?"
"What are you waiting for? Call Europe! I want a meeting come Monday morning."
"I don't know if they'll be there!"
"Clarrisa?"
"Yes, sir?"
"Do it!"


"Dad, I'm not a baby," Wren said, rubbing her heavy eyes.
"I know, I know."
John pulled the bedcovers up and tucked Wren in. He kissed her forehead and dimmed the bedside table light.
"I'm sorry," he whispered.
"For what?"
"For what I did." John ruffled her hair. "I put you through hell."
"I get it, all right? You didn't want Mum to hurt me anymore." Wren yawned. "You did the right thing."
"You really mean that?"
"Yeah, Dad," she said. "If Mum had stuck around, I might've gone back to her again. I wanted to help her. I couldn't. I wanted her to care. She didn't. I didn't understand back then, but I do now. Some people just can't be saved."
John looked in the dresser mirror and stared at his reflection.
"Forgive yourself, Dad. I know I have."
John left the room and closed the door quietly. He walked towards the master bedroom, but something drew him to the staircase. He crept down and stopped midway, the picture on the wall catching his eye.
"Who put that there?"
He removed the family picture and took it to his office. At his desk, he printed off the new family photo they had taken a week prior. He slipped the glossy print into the frame and hung it on the wall upstairs. With the frame secure and level, he stood back and reflected on the photo shoot.
Winnie was at the front, staring up at the fluffy toy used to hold his attention. John and Joanna were sitting either side of him, smiling at the camera. With her arms around them, Wren was at the back, pulling them closer together.
"Perfect," he said. "A new beginning."
John continued downstairs and tripped over Wren's rucksack. He crashed to the floor and quickly pulled himself up, looking upstairs. He waited for the sound of movement, but he could only hear Winnie's mobile twirling above the crib.
"Phew!"
He picked up the bag and reached for the clothes scattered on the hallway floor. As he packed them away, something sliced his thumb. He sucked on his finger and carefully slipped his other hand into the bag.
"Oh," he whispered. "It's you."
John pulled out the photo of Cynthia, her hands on her round stomach. He remembered snapping the picture just before Wren was born. Before the arguments had started. Before he fell in love with Joanna. He took the photo into the living room and lay down on the fur rug by the fireplace.
"Don't let anyone push you around anymore," he said. "Take charge!"
John tossed the picture into the fire and watched the flames devouring the charred edges. A spark erupted in the centre and the fire raced across. A moment later, Cynthia had gone.
"Goodbye," John said. "And good riddance."


####

Dear Reader

Hello, I hope you enjoyed my work. Now the story is over, here are three things to consider. It'll only take around five minutes, and I'd really appreciate you taking a look.
1. An honest review.
Could you do me a favour? I'd really appreciate a review. Whether you loved it, hated it, or thought my book was just okay, it doesn't matter. Just be honest. It doesn't have to be a long review, just a brief summary of what you thought. Thank you very much!
2. Exclusive subscriber goodies.
I have a mailing list on my website: www.ziablack.com. All subscribers will be the first to know when I publish a new book. Also, you'll know whenever my books are sold as a box set, discounted, or available for free. If you want to send me a message back, email me at contact@ziablack.com. I respond to everyone.
3. Keep reading!
If you enjoyed this book, why not try another? Here's what I recommend:

Death Trapped
No Warning. No Escape. No Mercy...
The Death Trap trilogy continues with Death Trapped, an action-packed crime-thriller that'll leave you gasping for air. Bossy Inspector Black is on a mission: find the Death Trap base. Follow him as he travels the world uncovering clues to the ultimate hideout. Armed and dangerous, he's ready for action. So are the Death Trappers. One side will strike first, but who will it be?


About the Author

As the daughter of Stephen King’s biggest fan, it felt natural when Zia Black drifted to the darkness of crime and thrillers. Since childhood, her stories have shown the world’s twisted side. Against the predictable and mundane, she loves to be shocked and be shocking. People say it’s all been done before. Zia disagrees, and she’s ready to prove it. On most days, you’ll find Zia lurking in the shadows of her mind, fighting to bring the darkness out…

Pen Names:
Zia Black www.ziablack.com (crime and thrillers)
Zhané White www.zhanewhite.com (fantasy and science fiction)
Zada Green www.zadagreen.com (sarcastic self-help and general fiction)
Zuni Blue www.zuniblue.com (children's books)


Dedications

Thank you to my family. I appreciate all the love and support you have given over the years and in the future. I also dedicate this book in loving memory of my first dog, Mercedes, who died during the editing process. You gave us much joy over the years. Thank you. To you, the reader, watch out. Be careful who you cross or you'll be added to the list.
