
This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual locations or events is coincidental. All characters depicted in this book are at least eighteen years of age.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 (https://johnandrewkarr.com/) 


Death Clause

John Andrew Karr
Dedication

For my Irish angel Colleen:
The attraction of opposites,
Has never held so true.
Yours of dawn, mine of dusk,
Together we dwell,
In orbit of our creation.
Contents
cover
title 
Dedication
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Chapter Twenty-six
Chapter Twenty-seven
Chapter Twenty-eight
Chapter Twenty-nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-one
Chapter Thirty-two
Chapter Thirty-three
Chapter Thirty-four
Chapter Thirty-five
Chapter Thirty-six
Chapter Thirty-seven
Chapter Thirty-eight
Chapter Thirty-nine
Chapter Forty
About the Author 
Other Books by John Andrew Karr 





Chapter One

Victor Galloway suddenly froze, his back bent and aching, the blade of the garden hoe arrested in mid-strike. 
There it was again…damned thing. 
He stared at the hard-pack as sweat streaked down the sides of his face and dripped from his jaw to hit the ground in muffled splats. It wasn’t really painful…just irritating. He couldn’t let a twinge in his chest hold him back. Maybe it would go away after a short break.
Victor straightened. Immediately the ache in his lower back faded. Setting the blade flat on the ground, he leaned on the long shaft of the hoe and kneaded his thick pectoral muscle with the fingertips of his right hand. He took a deep breath, as deep as the twinge would allow, and looked around.
The world was flooded with sunshine, the kind that melts winter’s icy clutches and sends the Old Man scurrying away. The branches of oak, pine and maple swayed in the warm breeze as if worshiping the fiery orb on high. Budding leaves and stalwart pine needles danced, fluttered and rubbed against one another to produce the whispery notes to one of nature’s eternal symphonies. It was a performance Victor had longed for as he endured the bleak days and frigid nights.
Closing his eyes, he tilted his head back and let the sun’s rays soak into his face. Oh, yeah…
The only thing that kept him from losing himself completely in the moment was the peculiar tugging in his chest.
He opened his eyes.
It was stronger now.
Well, he was subject to occasional muscle spasms in his back, so why not in his chest? This one could be even deeper than he’d thought, its source coming perhaps from the intercostals, the muscle wall between his ribs.
After ten years as an orthopedic surgeon, he knew what the body was capable of, and he also knew the possible consequences of working the soil for the first time after a long winter’s layoff.
Victor hoped the Bengay was handy. He’d need it when he was done. His nose wrinkled in anticipation of the sharp stench of the stuff. He took off the work gloves and tugged a red handkerchief from the back pocket of his jeans, wiped his sweating face and the top of his head, then stuffed the cloth into the breast pocket of his flannel shirt.
He pulled the gloves back on and ground his work boots about an inch deep into the freshly turned soil. Bracing his legs, he chopped down with the hoe. The nicked blade bit into the earth with a hearty chunk. He repeated the movement several times. Pain lessened as Victor concentrated on the task at hand. Sweat trickled down the channels of his back as he lifted and chopped, lifted and chopped. The steel blade bit through the packed earth, rigid and tough after months of frost and rain, ice and snow. Victor’s shadow followed him as he worked.
Sparrows and cardinals and mocking birds chirped and whistled as he conquered more of the black earth. He knew with each stroke that the soil would loosen and breathe, providing aeration to the seedlings that would sprout a few weeks after today’s planting. The sun felt great on his back. In a steady rhythm now, he worked harder. The discomfort he’d felt earlier was still there, but he didn’t have time for it now. He kept chopping.
“Dad-dy! Hey, Dad-dy!”
The hoe halted at the apex of its rise. Victor looked over his shoulder to see his three-year-old standing a dozen feet away with a wide smile on his rounded face. Walt’s outline was hazy, but even without his glasses Victor could make out Walt’s tee shirt, blue jeans and worn sneakers.
“Hey, buddy!” Victor said, smiling.
But Victor’s smile faded when he noticed the small footprints that marred the freshly manicured rows he’d created just minutes earlier.
Walt stamped down on top of the rows. He had his arms held out in exasperation. “Daddy, I’ve been trying to talk to you! Mommy…Mommy and me are…”
Breathing hard, Victor straightened and squeezed the hoe in his hands. He frowned at the mashed rows. “Son! Didn’t I tell you to walk between the rows?”
A quizzical look overcame Walt’s face. He put his small hand to the side of his head. His blond hair glinted like gold in the sunshine. He turned and surveyed the damage behind him. “It’s okay, Daddy.”
“No, it’s not okay.” Victor took a deep breath and cocked his head. Odd, the irritating pain had returned…and this time it came armed with a lance. He made a fist and massaged his left pec, but couldn’t rub deep enough to ease the pain.
Victor winced.
Walt’s chin quivered as he stared up at Victor’s face. His wide eyes glistened. “But Daddy, I didn’t mean to…”
“Now I’ve got to straighten them all back up, Walt.”
“Daddy,” the boy said, tears streaming down his face. He walked toward Victor, arms outstretched. “I’m sorry, Daddy. I’m sorry!”
Victor blinked. Asked himself why was he berating Walt for stepping in some dirt. He knelt and held out his arms. “Walt, it’s okay.”
Walt’s small arms folded around Victor’s neck. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay, son. Sorry I yelled. You didn’t do anything wrong. Daddy’s just got a little pain in his chest right now. You didn’t do anything bad.”
Victor winced again. The pain was getting stronger. He wasn’t able to rub it away. It had to be coming from the intercostals—the muscles between his ribs—which were tougher to reach.
The tears shut off though the boy’s cheeks still glistened. Walt blinked and sniffed. 
Victor looked into his son’s glassy eyes. “I was just cranky, buddy.” 
“You were?”
Victor squeezed him tight and patted his back. “That’s right. Daddy the Crank Monster. Sorry about that.”
“That’s okay. Sometimes…” Walt’s blue eyes grew wide as he looked up at the sky for help in forming his sentence. “…sometimes I get cranky, too.”
Victor had to chuckle, though the pain in his chest restricted his exuberance. “Yeah?”
Walt nodded. “Yeah, sometimes.”
“Got it worked out, Doc?” a woman called from the back deck.
Victor could see Lenora’s blurred form on the deck, her long, dark hair shining in the sun. Black jeans, white collared shirt, some kind of ankle boots he couldn’t quite make out. A shame his eyesight deteriorated over distance, but even so he was grateful he could discern the swell of her breasts beneath the shirt.
He pictured what his vision couldn’t relay. Her deep green eyes glowed with intelligence and warmth, but could suddenly sparkle like gemstones when her streak of mischievousness came out to play. She had high cheekbones and expressive lips and she grew more alluring with each passing year of their marriage. Sunlight glittered off the golden hoops dangling from her ears and drew Victor like a beacon.
Holding Walt’s small hand, Victor deliberately mashed a few rows of the garden. Walt giggled as they walked down the hill and approached the deck.
Guys would stare at her, he knew from experience.
“We’re all right now,” Victor told her, picking up Walt and wincing at the resulting pain. He almost dropped his boy. “Damn!”
“Victor, what’s wrong?” 
“Must’ve pulled a pec or something.”
“Is it serious? I don’t like it being in your chest…”
“Just a muscle spasm, maybe a slight muscle tear. Nothing big. It figures though, first day out in the garden with the hoe and all.”
“But you lift weights. You’ve got plenty of muscle there. Maybe we should get you checked out.”
“No, no. Look. Lifting weights is one thing, but it’s been months since I’ve used the hoe. It’s harder than you might think.” Another stab of pain. He fought to keep it from showing on his face. He didn’t want to scare Lenora needlessly. “You know how it is. Body’s in an unaccustomed position, pulling the muscle fibers in a different way. Just not used to it, that’s all.”
She eyed him. “Maybe you’re right,” she said warily. “But you know doctors are terrible patients by definition. You guys hate not being in the driver’s seat.”
Victor smiled and waved her off. “Just go to the store, you.” He patted Walt’s shoulders. “Going to get some new shoes, Sport?”
“Ummm, yeah! Because…because these shoes…” Walt pointed to them with his small index finger. “These shoes are too small! And it’s not good for my feet to be in small shoes, right, Daddy?”
“That’s right, son,” Victor said. “Now, you take care of Mommy and make sure she doesn’t spend too much money, okay?”
Walt nodded as he walked up the deck’s three stairs. “That’s right. We have to keep Mommy from spending too much money, don’t we?”
“Absolutely.” He grinned and looked at his wife.
She pursed her lips and cocked one eyebrow. “Oh, isn’t this just beautiful? You boys sticking together is really sweet. And I mean that—not! When am I going to have a little girl to even the odds around here, I wonder?”
He leaned on the hoe. “Just a little while longer. I’m not done practicing yet. Have to get the practice sessions down before stepping back into the batter’s box, you know.”
“Uh huh.” She wasn’t falling for one bit of it. “Maybe you-know-who will take an n-a-p later. There’s your practice time, big boy.” Her eyes gleamed.
Victor laughed, but not nearly as hard as he would have without the irritation in his chest.
When Walt reached Lenora on the deck, she put her hands on his small shoulders and said to Victor, “You’re sure you’re all right?”
They looked at him with concern. For an instant he felt time slow as he took in the sight of his wife and son standing together. What else was there for him but them? He had a rewarding job as a surgeon, but he realized a long time ago he couldn’t live for his job. No, he had to live for the right reasons, and there they were, standing right in front of him.
“Sure, I’m all right,” he said with a smile. “Are you all right?”
“Don’t throw it back at me, Doc. We’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
He nodded and brought out the handkerchief to wipe more sweat off the top of his head. “Okay. I’ll tone it down a bit.”
“Good idea! Now don’t get too tired. You’re looking good with your sleeves rolled up and those muscles bulging through your shirt. Get a shower later and maybe we’ll get lucky.” She looked at him coyly from the corners of her eyes. “I’ll do all the heavy lifting.”
“Deal, babe!” he said, his manhood suddenly stirring. He found it amazing that the human body can be stimulated by the mere insinuation of sex.
“Bye! See you soon,” Walt said, raising his hand and giving a big wave.
“Bye, buddy. Remember, make sure Mommy doesn’t spend too much money. If you watch her close enough, she just might have enough left over to buy us some gummy dinosaurs!”
Lenora rolled her eyes. “Oh, please.”
Walt’s face lit up. “Right! I’ll eat the tricer-tops and T-Rex. Do you…do you want a steg-a-saurus?”
“You know it, buddy.”
“Okay.” Walt looked up. “Let’s go, Mommy. But you can’t spend too much money, right? If you do we can’t get gummy dinosaurs!”
“We won’t spend too much, honey, I promise.” Lenora shook her head and smiled at Victor. “Bye, stud.”
“Bye, beautiful.”
He waited as they disappeared into the house. A minute later he heard the Jeep Cherokee backing down the long driveway. They were on their way to the mall, just a few miles down the George Washington Parkway. The scenic parkway was the fastest way through historic Mt. Vernon, Virginia and D.C., but Victor rarely ventured into the city. He preferred hanging around the house on his days off, especially when the weather cooperated and he could get some outdoor time.
He took a deep breath. He felt better now. The pain in his pec or intercostal or wherever-the-hell had subsided. He’d known it would, regardless of what Lenora had said about doctors being crappy patients.
He remembered how Lenora and Walt had looked on the deck.
Strange…it was as if they’d been no more than phantoms. Victor blinked. A shiver raced down his back and a strange sensation ran down each arm simultaneously.
Victor dismissed it as a mere chill. The work would warm him in no time.
He took a step toward his garden. A hand grenade exploded in his chest.
Agony ripped through him like a live thing, tearing and clawing.
He tried to scream.
He had no air to scream with.
A constricted moan wormed its way through his stretched lips.
Then the world collapsed upon him.
His body seized up—every muscle constricted at the same time.
His knees buckled.
It felt like his rib cage had been blasted apart and now there was a five hundred pound stone there, forcing him down. He fought to stay upright. Fought against the searing pain that shot into every nerve in his chest. The pressure, the terrible pressure, squeezed him with a life of its own, as if he’d been seized by a giant. The pressure and pain…so much pain…were too much for him. His legs caved. Suddenly he was looking up at perfect white clouds drifting through a perfect azure sky on what had been a perfect day.
He cursed himself for an idiot. 
That irritating twinge was no muscle spasm—it was a warning sign. Heart attacks don’t strike like lightning out of a clear blue sky. They come with at least one warning, no matter how briefly that sign might last. Any first year medical student would have recognized the pain in his chest as a symptom right away. He’d ignored it.
Fool.
Now the pain punished him for his bad judgment.
At some point, the pain ebbed and he realized he was on his back on the ground. For some reason the jolt of impact with the ground had helped him breathe, and he could suck a little air into his lungs.
Shallow, shallow breathing. This was serious. He didn’t have much time. He still clutched the hoe. He had a grip so tight upon it he could see every bone through the top of his hand.
The pain tore through his chest like white-hot bullets from an AK-47.
There were worse places to die…
The thought shocked him. He envisioned Lenora and Walt on the deck, standing as they had only minutes earlier. It was too soon. Walt would never remember his father. He hadn’t loved Lenora long enough… A hundred years wouldn’t be enough.
He had to fight.
Fuck the pain!
He might still make it if he could reach a phone.
Had Lenora brought the mobile phone to the deck as she normally did when she left the house? She usually put it there in case she needed to call him while she was out and he was in the backyard playing with Walt or lost in his gardening.
Time was running out.
He threw his weight to one side. Monumental undertaking. Agony battered him like a typhoon slamming a Chinese junk. He gasped. Tears flowed, blurring his vision even more. Finally he made it over to his stomach. He raised his head and peered at the deck.
There!
Third stair leading to the deck. White handset.
Precious dial buttons in the middle.
Thank God for Lenora!
Fifteen feet was a mile. He crawled, gasping for breath, moaning. Used the hoe like a pickaxe on an icy slope—stuck the blade into the turf and hauled himself toward the deck. The odor of freshly cut grass mixed with the fear exuding from his body. Sweat and drool dripped to the lawn.
Crawl or die.
After an eternity, he reached the stair.
His hands shook violently. His fingers were bent like hooked claws. Three tiny jabs rewarded him with a dial tone. One emergency button with 911 programmed into it. Somehow he got it on the first try.
He might live after all.
“911 Emergency Services. What is the nature of your emergency?”
Mentally he cheered. He knew that even if he couldn’t speak, they’d track the source of his call. His voice came out in a strained gasp. “Victor…Galloway! Four-ten Langford. Heart attack!” He moaned as a new wave of pain crashed into him. “Hurry!” He dropped the phone and collapsed, his fingernails clawing the wood of the deck.
Eons passed.
Finally he heard a buzz in his ear.
“Mister Galloway? Mister Galloway? Can you hear me? We’re sending the EMT right now. Two minutes and they’ll be there. Hold on, Mister Galloway! Hold on! Can you talk to me, Victor? Can you talk to me?”
No. 
But he wanted her to keep that sweet voice coming.
More eons passed.
At some point he realized the pain was beating him.
He was dying.
He rolled onto his back and stared at the narrowing sky. Forms moved silently into his line of sight. Forms of men. Next thing he knew he was lifted onto a gurney and wheeled into the front yard. One man talked down at him from above while the other had his back to him.
“Is your family here, Doctor Galloway?”
White jump suits. 
Paramedics!
They knew he was a doctor. Must’ve checked some records somewhere.
“Is your family here?” the one guy had asked. Victor pictured his wife and son. A hole bored through his already agonized heart.
Minute shake of his head. No. His family wasn’t here.
He wished to God they were… He was so scared.
The paramedic with his back toward Victor turned. He and the other guy exchanged glances. They smiled. A strange light, or depth, shone in their eyes.
Their smiles widened into raptor grins.
“We’re going to take care of you, Doctor Galloway. We need more surgeons like you. They’re prepping for you back at the hospital right now.”
Victor didn’t understand. He squinted. Vision was now tunnel-like, and even that came and went. He read the black lettering stitched into the back of the first paramedic’s jumpsuit.
Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake.
The closest hospital. It towered high on the cliff banks of the Potomac River in Mt. Vernon, just a few miles from here, past George Washington’s house.
They shoved the gurney into the ambulance and a white metal roof blotted out the sky. The guy who’d spoken before rode with Victor. Doubtless the other was in the driver’s seat.
The ambulance’s engine fired up.
Shallow, ragged breaths. It killed to inhale. Why hadn’t they put an oxygen mask on him?
The guy looked down at Victor, a syringe held up near his ear.
For some reason the idiot had a smile on his face.
“Gonna take care of you, Doc,” he said. “You’re having a heart attack, all right, but your heart seems to have recovered a bit and it’s pumping away pretty good, all things considered. The beat’s irregular, but I’d say you’d have had a fifty-fifty chance of pulling through…if we hadn’t answered the call.” His smile spread into a face-splitting grin. “Now that you’re with us, we’ll just have to disrupt the old ticker a bit more. You know, give it a jolt so it seizes up like a fist in your chest. Like I said, we need people like you.”
The leering paramedic squeezed a little fluid out of the syringe. The droplets, one after the other, formed a silvery arc through the air then disappeared.
Victor bucked and strained against the straps that pinned him to the gurney. He couldn’t get out, couldn’t get away. He couldn’t move.
“Just relax, Doc. You’ll like it on our side. After this, you’ll never have to die again.”
Like a sliver of ice, the needle entered his chest…and kept going.
Chapter Two

Ray told himself to take it easy. 
He tried to loosen his jaw as he navigated the maze that was the Patient Admitting Department. He knew almost every business had cubicles. They were a necessary part of the workplace. They provide personal space, like a…
Jail cell? 
Touché.
He had to remind himself that at the moment there were three alternatives to life in a cubicle: a Sugar Mama, a winning lottery ticket and the street.
When he was feeling low, he sometimes toyed with the idea of accepting one of the drinks the aging socialites occasionally sent to him in the downtown bars. So far he’d always sent the drinks back with a polite refusal. It wasn’t that the women were unattractive. Some were downright sizzling. But their glittering ring fingers raised a barrier he wasn’t willing to scale. Besides, he already had a boss in his professional life. He didn’t need one in his personal life as well. The easy money? Though no wimp, he had about as much of winning the Virginia Lottery as he did knocking out a heavyweight champ.
That left the street.
While readily accessible from his Old Town Alexandria apartment, the street was hardly an option. He had several binders full of photos of homeless men and women haunting the street corners and underpasses of D.C. and northern Virginia. Each desolate face was proof the street found you—you didn’t find it. Once it dug in its claws, it was almost impossible to break free.
So, until he could make ends meet as a photographer, it looked like he’d have to set his distaste aside and remain a citizen of Cubecity. 
The clerks and analysts inside the cubes in Patient Admitting turned and stared at him as he passed by—every single one of them. Usually a few would look you over, but not everybody. Hadn’t they ever seen a new employee in this hospital before? Above him came a deluge of glaring fluorescent light, which he enjoyed about as much as he did the sight of a cluster of cubicles.
Fluorescent light rapes the world of color.
His stomach knotted as he spied the office at the end of the aisle. He made his gaze wander as he walked toward it, but the uneasy feeling wouldn’t go away.
It appeared like standard stuff…so why did this place feel so freaky? 
All too soon he found himself at his destination. He paused, took a deep breath, held it for a ten count, then slowly let it out. He took another step and rapped on the doorframe. This was the only true office in the entire department. It wasn’t hard to figure out who was in charge around here.
After receiving no response, he knocked again and leaned forward to peer inside.
As if stirring from a daydream, the woman behind the desk slowly looked up.
Ray had to fight to keep from staring. No life force shone within her ebony eyes. Shark-like, they were neither kind nor cruel. They lingered in the direction of his own, but Ray got the distinct feeling the woman looked through him, not at him.
She smiled, displaying a full set of bright, white teeth. The smile was wide, but looked forced. Gradually her eyes seemed to focus on his.
“Can I help you?” she asked, her voice just enthusiastic enough to not be monotone. The sound of it didn’t come close to matching the breadth of her smile.
Ray resigned himself to spending the next hour with a nutcase. A good-looking nutcase, but a nutcase, nonetheless. 
He cleared his throat, managed a half-smile he was sure appeared as forced as her own. “I’m Ray Brennan. We’re scheduled for a two o’clock today?”
“Ray Brennan? I have you on my schedule, but it’s not two o’clock yet, is it?” She looked at the clock with a deliberate movement of her head instead of a quick glance. Slowly her mouth formed an “O”. For some reason her reaction didn’t look natural, as if it were an imitation of the genuine expression. “My goodness, it is two o’clock. I completely missed lunch. No wonder I’m feeling like a slug.”
She stood mechanically and took two steps around the desk. The false smile returned to her lips as she held out her hand. “I’m so sorry, Raymond… I’m Lisa Jordan.”
Ray gripped her hand lightly. “Nice to meet you, Lisa. Call me Ray.” Her hand was cool, almost cold. Must have been the air conditioning. She had a good figure, but her skin felt kind of…spongy.
“How long have you been with us, Ray?” she asked, motioning for him to sit in the guest chair while she took two methodical strides around the desk and returned to her chair. She sat with her back perfectly straight, her forearms on the arms of the chair. Her hands met at the center point of her body and her long fingers slowly interlaced with one another like the closing fronds of a Venus Flytrap over a hapless insect. She sat perfectly still, a mannequin in a storefront window.
From what Ray could tell, she didn’t need to blink. Amazing. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes and whistle. Instead he said, “I’ve been here about four weeks now. You’re the last person on my orientation tour.”
“Best for last,” she said.
“Of course,” he returned. He found himself staring into those unblinking eyes. There was something weird about them. Something that made his insides quiver.
“Well, let me tell you a little about Patient Admitting, since I’m the director and have been for fifteen years. What we do is—”
A knock on the door interrupted what promised to be a snoozer soliloquy. Again she turned her head instead of moving her eyes. “Yes, Jerry?”
Ray glanced over his shoulder to see a tall man standing there. “The ambulance is coming in,” Jerry said. “You wanted to know whenever we receive a new inductee…uh, arrival.”
She looked down at her watch as if verifying the arrival time. Then she licked her lips with a broad tongue that appeared…well, faded. Pale, even.
Ray shifted in his seat. He figured some red meat would do wonders for that ghostly visage. 
“Yes, yes,” Lisa said to Jerry. “Thank you. Is it Doctor Galloway?”
“Yes.”
She nodded and dismissed Jerry with a small wave of her hand.
He disappeared.
“Let’s go to the Emergency Admitting wing, Raymond. I’ll show you how our staff admits an emergency room patient.” She stood and walked stiffly out of the room, not pausing to see if Ray followed.
Ray did, but with trepidation. He wasn’t sure he wanted to be around when they brought in a patient with a serious condition. He wasn’t really a people person; that’s why he worked with computers. Just him and the machine most of the time. 
With Lisa leading the way through the maze of cubicles, they eventually reached one of the hospital’s main hallways. At the end stood the emergency entrance. As they approached, the glass doors slid apart with a whisking sound.
A white ambulance with blue, orange and red trim and red lettering was parked outside beneath the protective overhang. Blue and red lights flashed silently from the roof. Two paramedics dressed in white uniforms hurried from the ambulance, one from around the driver’s side and the other from the back.
A metal gurney suddenly appeared. The men grasped the top rails and pulled, and long rods with wheels at the bottom unfolded. Ray’s gaze snapped to the man held prisoner in the gurney.
Straps criss-crossed his body. One ran across his forehead. His wrists and ankles were held fast by wide leather cuffs. Perhaps in his late thirties, he was a solid man, balding, with a grimace of pure agony etched onto his clean-shaven face. His opened shirt revealed straining chest and stomach muscles.
The leather straps creaked like the bow of an old wooden ship. Sweat shone on his head and torso and saturated his leather bonds, staining them. Had the straps not been in place, Ray was sure the guy’s limbs would be flailing.
One paramedic grabbed the front of the gurney and the other took the back. With an air of intensity they wheeled the guy inside and headed straight for the cubicle where Ray, Lisa and the data entry clerk waited.
The rubber soles of the paramedic’s shoes squeaked on the pristine floor. Despite the strap over his forehead, the man in the gurney partially turned his head toward Ray. The muscles in his neck bulged. The veins there and over his temples stood out like corded ropes and threatened to burst at any moment.
Ray and the man stared at each other.
Ice filled Ray’s stomach.
He knows what’s happening to him.
At the last second the paramedics veered off and hustled down a side hallway.
The man’s eyes remained locked on Ray’s.
“Help…me!” he rasped.
But Ray could only stare until the angle severed his gaze. Just before reaching a new set of doors, the paramedic at the rear called out: “Victor Galloway, white male, forty to forty-five, one-ninety to two-ten. Cardiac arrest. Code Blue.”
Ray had to lean against the wall with one hand. The man in the gurney. His face. His plea for help.
The trio disappeared through two swinging doors that led into the emergency operating room. Ray watched the doors flap back and forth in gradually decreasing swipes.
Jesus. He’s not going to make it!
He looked at the floor, then to Lisa Jordan. Her eyes lidded over like she’d just had a full night of torrid sex. “First time working in a hospital, Mister Brennan?”
Ray pushed off the wall and cleared his throat. “You don’t see this kind of thing working in a bank.”
“I’ll bet you don’t. People live and die here, Mr. Brennan, and sometimes they live again. That’s what happens.”
Ray nodded, listening with one ear. Victor Galloway’s tortured face still hovered before him.
Ms. Jordan gestured to the woman at the computer. “It’s Mary’s job to get as much information as she can on the patient, but as you have just witnessed, there wasn’t time to get much information from that crew. They called in earlier with some of the details, and the one paramedic just now verified that information. But they didn’t say the patient has insurance. We’ll assume he does since he is a known surgeon from the area.”
Ray mentally withdrew from the instruction.
Victor Galloway’s eyes. His face.
Ray shuddered.
The whites around Galloway’s eyes had shown completely. His lips had been stretched thin, pulled back from his teeth in a horrifying grimace.
And all the while his skin had turned a deeper and deeper blue. Ray had never seen such a look of terror before. He was sure he’d see it in his nightmares for a long, long time. 

* 

Finally, the orientation with Lisa Jordan was over.
“Thank you for your time… I’m sure we’ll see one another again… Hope you like it here, Raymond. We really need people like you.”
“Thanks, I’m sure I’ll like it here, Lisa.”
“Goodbye, Raymond.”
Ray hurried through the almost pure white hallways, made even brighter by row after merciless rows of fluorescent lights. Silently he cursed the lights and the glare they gave off as he pushed open the plain wooden door of the Hospital Programming Suite. He snatched up a printout lying on top of his desk inside his cube.
Quickly he folded it, tucked it under his arm and, without pausing to speak with any of the other eleven programmers in the suite, hoofed it to the courtyard located at the central part of the hospital below the patient tower.
Ray shoved the glass doors open and almost ran inside the open-air courtyard. He kept to the stone walkway and passed the manicured shrubs and clumps of birch and holly. Raised flowerbeds briefly drew his eye as he speed-walked. The beds were alive with brilliant purples, blues and yellows as crocuses stood at full attention.
The sun’s rays shone down on the far side of the courtyard, filling the pond there with molten gold. They drew Ray as if he were a modern-day Cortez.
There was another pond only twenty feet away. It was just as nice as the other but it was in the shadows, and Ray liked to get in the sun every chance he could.
He slowed as his gaze fell upon the three-tiered water fountain in the center of the courtyard. The black marble it had been sculpted from glistened in the sun. Water fell from the first tier to the second then to the bottom. A steady stream of it spouted in a high arc from the angel’s trumpet to the bottom basin.
A little tension eased from his shoulders.
At a slightly more subdued pace now, he made his way to one of the three benches surrounding the golden pond. A couple of nurses spoke in low tones to each other on the far bench, while a solitary orderly sat on the other. That left the empty one all to him. Perfect. He wouldn’t have to talk to anyone.
Ray sat, pulled out a pack of Dorals, whipped out his lighter and fired one up. He took a deep drag and two more while he leaned on his knees and stared at the pond.
Nicotine entered his bloodstream, displacing some of the tension from his system.
Yet, still, he couldn’t keep his hands from shaking.
He smoked and watched the man-made pond before him. His gaze skimmed over the flat rocks that lined the edges, the water lilies, the Japanese-style lantern that hung from a signpost over the middle and the cement frogs that spouted liquid gold from their mouths.
The sun was reassuringly warm and the nicotine flowed in his bloodstream, but it wasn’t enough to keep Victor Galloway’s tormented face from floating to the surface of the pond like wreckage from a sunken ship.
The man had asked for help—not from the paramedics, but from Ray. Why? Was he hallucinating? He took another drag on the cigarette, felt the smoke curl inside his lungs. Blue-white smoke streamed out when he exhaled, not unlike the water spouting from the mouths of the stone frogs of the pond. He used to think it was better to die suddenly.
Now, after seeing Victor Galloway strapped to that gurney, he wasn’t so sure.
At some point he realized only a smoldering butt remained of the cigarette. He lit a new one from the old. He flicked the cherry root off the old one, extinguishing it. Then he laid the butt on the arm rail next to him.
Face it. There is no really sweet way to die.
Holding the cigarette between his lips, Ray sat back on the bench and crossed his left leg over his right so that the ankle rested on his knee and he had a wide support platform. He pulled out the report he’d printed.
This was one he’d done on his own, without authorization. He’d finished his last assignment faster than his manager had anticipated. Clyde had to run to a meeting and didn’t have time to give Ray his next assignment, so Ray gave himself one. He decided to get more familiar with the various data files and their structures by running some reports on selected data fields. Just kind of goofing off, really. 
Now he scanned the columns of data on the report, at first only skimming the numbers and descriptions. They were simply inked characters on the horizontal green bars. But then his eyes honed in on the totals.
Ray squinted. Slowly he took the cigarette from his mouth and flicked the ash to the ground.
Nah. Couldn’t be.
He looked over at the pond and took another drag on the cigarette. He was alone now. The nurses and the solitary orderly had left some time ago.
He exhaled the smoke onto the report. The bluish-white cloud swirled and lingered like a miniature dust devil. It skimmed over the paper for an instant then spiraled upward to slowly dissipate, revealing the crystal clear characters on the printout.
Got to be some kind of mistake in the program.
Sixty-three percent.
It was too high—but there it was, staring him in the face. Ray snuffed the second cigarette beneath his shoe. He wasn’t sure he wanted to work in a place that had statistics like this. It was absurd to think so, but a part of him was suddenly afraid he might get pulled into that sixty-three percent. He could imagine the analysts accessing his record in the computer file should he somehow expire:
Patient name: Raymond Anthony Brennan
Age: thirty-six
Race: white
Sex: male
Marital status: single
Mort indicator: Y
That last field was the showstopper. The kicker.
“Mort” came from the Latin word “mortis”. He didn’t need the Latin he’d taken as a sophomore in high school to know that mortis meant death. Ray supposed whoever had initially created the field thought it clever to use a Latin derivative, but Ray wasn’t impressed. It was a death indicator, for Christ’s sake. There was no need to get fancy with the wording.
He hadn’t known what to expect, but sixty-three percent? Ray frowned. It’d be different if the majority of patients had been riddled with bullet holes or diagnosed with terminal cancer. But of the sixty-three percent who’d died, over half had been admitted for relatively minor trauma such as broken arms and legs, even petty ailments like headaches and colds.
There had to be an error in his logic, some bug he didn’t see because he was new here.
He glanced at his watch. Four-thirty. Almost time to go home. The sun had been banished by the walls of the hospital, and now the shadows cast by those walls were swallowing him up. Maybe it was all in his head, but he suddenly felt smothered…suffocated.
He folded the ad-hoc report, tucked it under his arm and hurried out of the courtyard.
Back at his cubicle, he shoved his chair under his desk, bent over the keyboard and proceeded to log off and power down the workstation. The ad-hoc report he stuffed into his bottom drawer where it blended in with his other printouts. The fan of his P.C. had just stopped whirring when he heard Clyde’s voice behind him.
“Quittin’ time already?”
Ray stiffened, then forced himself to relax. Nothing like getting bagged by the boss as you tried to sneak out early.
He turned to see the forty-something man with the wind-tunnel-resistant hair smiling at him. It was a facial muscle pullback, that smile. It didn’t appear genuine and it didn’t come close to touching his eyes.
“Uh, yeah, Clyde,” Ray said, as smoothly as he could manage. “I started to feel weird this afternoon, so I thought I’d cut out a little early.”
Clyde nodded. With a stiff finger he pushed his round-rimmed glasses higher up on his nose. Circular lenses magnified the man’s eyes. They looked hollow—a lot like Lisa Jordan’s back in Patient Admitting. Creepy.
Maybe they hung out together.
“I hear you,” Clyde said. “I know I used to get sick every other month from this place after I first started eight years ago. I don’t get sick anymore, though.” 
“Built up the immunities, huh?”
Clyde’s bushy eyebrows crept up his high forehead, almost in slow motion. “Something like that. How did it go with Lisa Jordan this afternoon?”
“Pretty good. Saw this, that and the other. None of which I’m used to, coming from the bank and all.”
“You’ll get the hang of it in no time. Have a good weekend, Ray. We’re very pleased with you here at Holy.”
“Thanks,” Ray said. He started to leave, then hesitated. “You know what, Clyde?”
Clyde raised his eyebrows again, and this time Ray noticed his hairline didn’t even move. “No…what?”
“I ran this ad-hoc report earlier, just flipping through the Patient Info File, and I got a sixty-three percent mortality rate for patients who died within a year of their admit date. Is that normal?”
Clyde’s eyes didn’t change. The smile returned, but this time Ray could almost see frost forming on the man’s lips. “It’s a bit high, but not by much. Here at Holy we push to get the most traumatic cases in the area, and naturally the mort rate is a bit higher. I’ve never seen the actual stats, but the average in the region might be a little less than what you’ve got there. But when you bring a guy in with two lungs full of lead from a turf battle, there’s just not all that much you can do for him, you know?”
Ray nodded, though Clyde wasn’t very convincing. “But the strange thing is, over half the DRGs were minor stuff. Headaches and colds, even.”
Clyde suddenly took up a lot of room in Ray’s cube. “Might be a bug in your logic. I’ll take a look at it with you sometime. Why were you running that report? Did our users request it?”
“No, just trying to get acquainted with the file structure.”
Clyde glanced purposefully at his watch then backed out of the cube. “That’s good. Good. Always a good idea to get acquainted with the file structure. But don’t worry, you’ll get into the swing of things before too long… I guarantee. Now, go on and get out here before you spread your germs around. Have a good weekend. Hope you feel better.”
“Thanks.”
He crossed in front of Clyde and walked down the aisle between the cubicles. He felt someone staring at him. He turned to see his boss walking toward his office. Maybe he’d been looking, maybe not.
Ray’s sixth sense told him Clyde had been looking.
Ray’s sixth sense had always been historically accurate. Right now, he wasn’t getting such a good feeling from his sixth sense on this entire hospital.
Maybe he should shoot out his resume. But hell, he just started here. It’d look pretty bad to a potential employer if he up and left the hospital without giving it a good chance, say, for at least six months. A year would even be better.
He opened the door and entered the white-washed hallway of the hospital’s ground floor. He felt drained as he headed for the parking lot.
The ad-hoc report stayed in his bottom drawer.
It would be a long time before he could sleep through the night without being haunted by the face of Victor Galloway.
Chapter Three

At six foot three, two hundred and forty pounds of slabbed muscle, Randolph Tobias strained the threads of his blue pinstriped suit with every purposeful stride he took. With such a large frame, he naturally commanded instant attention wherever he went.
But as CEO of Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake, Tobias commanded even more attention, especially as he burst through the swinging doors of the operating room.
The lights that hung above the operating table made Tobias’ slicked-back hair shine like grooved obsidian. Wire-framed glasses spanned the considerable width of his face. The frames gleamed and held the others transfixed with the same lustful expectations of prospectors staring down at gold in a streambed. Of course, like all the undead, Tobias didn’t really need the glasses perched on his prominent Roman nose, but they seemed to soften his intimidating presence a bit. A good trick for helping to disarm the living.
“What did you give him earlier?” Tobias asked, turning to the lead surgeon standing beside the operating table.
The other doctor and three nurses who hovered around the patient took a reverential step back.
“Eight cc’s of Pentoxifylline. Twice the normal dosage,” Dr. Stillway replied.
“His daughter saw him go into the seizure?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Give him twelve cc’s more. Let’s get this going.”
The heart monitor beeped irregularly while a separate alarm in the machine grew louder, warning those present that George Williams was in danger of heart failure. When the monitor started into its full-fledged alarm, Randolph Tobias nodded to his chief surgeon.
“Lower the volume, Doctor Stillway.”
The tall surgeon reached over the console and adjusted a knob. The display line went from sharp peaks and valleys to rolling hills.
George Williams, the seventy-year-old man who had the grave misfortune of falling prey to the attentions of the physicians at Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake, was conscious but unaware of his surroundings. He was securely strapped to a stainless steel operating table beneath the glaring lights and predatory gazes of two doctors, three nurses, and now, Randolph Tobias.
Though unaware, Williams suddenly arched his back and let out a fierce, primordial death cry that emanated from the innermost recesses of his soul. He strained against the unyielding straps then slammed down onto the operating table, his face and neck splotched with purple. The tension bled from his body.
The heart monitor flat-lined. George Williams was dying.
Normally, emergency procedures would be in full-swing by now. Doctors and nurses would be scrambling, feverishly trying to bring the patient back to life. Someone would perform CPR. The operating room would be loud with voices, monitor alarms, activity. The defibrillator would be charged in seconds, the hand disks alive with electrical current, ready to jolt the patient’s heart back to life.
But this was Operating Room Six.
Operating Room Six at Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake was silent except for the final hiss of air that escaped George Williams’ lungs—the man’s death rattle. He stared sightlessly at the glaring operating lights, his pupils wide and dilated, showing all who knew of such things that he was now completely brain-dead.
No one moved to help him. The defibrillator remained packed away in its case on a shelf where it gathered more dust.
The group watched in silence as the gray-haired man’s eyes clouded over and rolled upward, showing pale irises crisscrossed with jagged red veins. The doctors and nurses swayed back and forth on their feet. Arms crossed, hands reached up to stroke naked jaw lines. Tobias himself had to fight to keep still.
Like wolves, they stared at the recent kill.
“You may begin, Doctor Stillway,” Tobias instructed, his voice suddenly hoarse. He took a reluctant step back. He didn’t want stray fluids to stain his neatly pressed, navy-blue, pinstriped suit. Men in suits were not a common sight in the operating room, and if the uninitiated noticed blood on his suit, it could cause undue attention. He always had to be careful about undue attention. It could lead to an investigation, which could lead to a bigger investigation, which could potentially jeopardize his entire…operation. “The heart and lungs first, if you please, Doctor.”
With his glinting scalpel held up in the light, Stillway looked down at Williams. He placed the scalpel at the base of the dead man’s neck, pressed the razor-sharp blade to the skin, then slowly raised the scalpel. A confused expression twisted his face. “He was so old, and he had tuberculosis, how is he going to do us any good?”
Tobias cocked his head, irritated at the interruption. “You forget, Doctor, it doesn’t matter what condition the organs are in, or even what diseases are rampant within them. To us it is the freshness that matters. We must harvest the organs quickly after death when they are in the process of releasing the life-force that kept this wretched man alive. We cannot take the organs before death, and we cannot wait long after or we will miss the release process. I thought I explained this to you when you first joined us. Have you been skipping meals, Doctor? You seem a trifle slow.”
“I missed breakfast today. I was…sleepy.”
“You’ll get stronger. You’re still fairly new around here. Soon the time between meals will seem like an eternity, and waiting for them to come around will test your resolve. Just make sure you do not skip meals, or you won’t be able to meet with the public and will, therefore, be useless to me except for the Enforcement Team. Carry on.”
Dr. Stillway showed no reaction to Tobias’ reprimand. He reached forward, placed the scalpel once again at the base of the victim’s neck, and, with a single precise motion, sliced down the middle of the body until he encountered the pubic bone.
Skin parted like silk beneath the laser-sharpened blade. There was no spraying blood. Williams’ heart had stopped and there was no blood pressure in the body. The blood was there, some of it seeping from the massive cut in streams of red, but it wasn’t pressure-packed anymore. Veins and arteries that had been the human equivalent of pipes and pressure valves had become simple storage vessels.
“Do you need the self-retaining retractor, Doctor?” one of the nurses asked. She was a recent inductee, just a few weeks old now, but in her other life she’d been a good nurse with ten year’s experience at another hospital. But even so, those ten years couldn’t have prepared her for what she was now.
Dr. Stillway placed the scalpel on the mobile shelf next to him. On the shelf lay blood-encrusted surgical instruments. “The retractor won’t be necessary.”
He reached out with both hands and forced his gloveless fingers deep into the incision he’d just created in Williams’ body. With a single wrench, Williams’ ribs cracked, and muscles and tendons tore. His chest cavity split open like a watermelon, exposing the vital organs within.
Stillway stared hungrily down at the pink lungs, quivering red heart and dark, moist liver.
The sound of lips smacking in anticipation filled the operating room.
Stillway reached down and picked up a two-foot length of large intestine. He looked at the doctor to his immediate left. “Is it your turn to make the sausage, Doctor Lyedecker?”
They laughed. Especially Tobias, now hovering close by and staring just as hungrily as everyone else.
“Put the heart in a separate container,” Tobias ordered, his voice thick with anticipation. “I need it for the next inductee.”
Stillway carefully cut the arteries from the heart and did as instructed. The container in which he placed the heart was hard plastic and had several steel bands around it.
Lyedecker took hold of the large intestine and pulled as if he was rolling up a garden hose. In a deep blue box next to the body, the yintestines went, sometimes curling, sometimes laying flat. While Lyedecker performed his task, Stillway removed the remaining organs of the chest cavity, starting with the lungs as Tobias had instructed, which would probably go to Tobias and whoever else sat at his table at lunchtime. These organs followed the intestines into the box. When both surgeons were finished, one of the nurses put a lid on the box, fastened the clamps on the sides, then put a single strip of yellow tape over the lid. She placed it on a roller stand, along with another box that had been filled just minutes earlier in a separate operation, and wheeled the stand out of the operating room.
Randolph Tobias nodded in satisfaction. “Good work everyone,” he said, scanning the crew. “After you finish here, get the orderlies to take the body to the morgue. Call Doctor Vilamann and tell him to work up the cause of death.” He smirked. “I’ll tell Williams’ daughter and any other local kin that the old geezer didn’t survive his coronary attack.” He feigned a sigh. “Such a tragedy.”
The group snickered, mouths curling upward in cruel smiles. Tobias took hold of the square plastic container with the heart inside. It was warm, the heat from the heart permeating through the plastic. As he fastened the clamps to make an airtight seal, he said, “I have a living doctor on his way into the Emergency Room. He’ll soon be joining us. If you need me, I’ll be in the ER. Doctor Stillway, you will accompany me. In the meantime, the brain is for the rest of you to enjoy. Please divide it evenly.”
Their eyes lit up. Lyedecker was already reaching for the power cutter.
“Don’t you want some?” Lyedecker asked.
Tobias hesitated, his hand lingering on the swing door. He looked over his shoulder at the shell that was once a living man. “Tempting… Not right now, though. Have a portion sent to my office. But don’t tell Ms. Asheley what it is. She might be tempted to steal from her Master, and then I’d have to turn her over to the Enforcement Team like I did with her predecessor.”

* 

In and out of consciousness.
In and out of pain.
The constriction around his chest, like a massive python squeezing the life from him, was constant.
Merciless.
Somehow he could still think.
Victor had been in enough emergency operating rooms to know where he was. There was no way he could mistake the look…the feel…of the ER. The doctors and nurses, the lights, operating tables, intravenous bag stands, oxygen masks, anesthesia units and the EKG all told him he was right.
But he was seeing things from the wrong angle. 
Harsh lights and doctors and nurses glared down at him.
Why weren’t these people wearing standard operating masks?
They could be talking among themselves, he couldn’t tell. He couldn’t hear them. The agony that burned smoking holes through his heart and the unbearable weight that crushed his chest were overpowering.
Half his mind was numbed by the pain, the other half zoomed through thoughts at the speed of light.
He realized he was a patient. A dying one.
The faces parted to let in another face. This face was part of a big head. The edges of the head blazed white from the glaring lights behind it. Slicked brown hair, round glasses with shimmering gold rims. Then Victor saw something else.
The suit man smiled, lips moving over long, white teeth. Victor couldn’t make out what the guy said.
Why weren’t they trying to save him?
The paramedic in the ambulance had given him a dose of something. Said they were going to speed up his heart attack. Was that real, or had he just been hallucinating?
He bucked and strained against the straps, caught in a wave of convulsions. Sweat streaked into his eyes, clouding them further. He may have screamed.
Victor felt consciousness slipping away, along with his life.
The agony in his chest ebbed.
Then it came crashing back, along with his vision.
Tobias had been holding some kind of meat. Now it came closer. Victor felt it on his lips, warm and spongy.
Victor spat. In a monumental effort on top of a monumental effort, he forced words between his lips. “Get…that…away!”
The man’s forehead wrinkled in surprise. “You are strong indeed, Doctor Galloway, to be able to speak through a massive coronary attack. Come now, let’s not waste precious time. I cannot keep the dark forces in this plane for long. You must consume this as the force enters your body so you can return.”
“Return?”
“You want to come back and see your wife and child, don’t you, Doctor?”
Victor stared.
“You don’t want to pass into eternal oblivion and leave them behind, do you?”
Pain. It was everywhere. It was winning, conquering. His body was shutting down, he could feel it.
Lenora and Walt. He was going to die and never see them again. 
“I’m Randolph Tobias,” the man in the suit said. “Consume some of this heart right now and become one of us. Bypass death’s eternal oblivion. You will still see your wife and son. Victor, I offer you resurrection.”
He put the meat back on Victor’s lips.
Through the agony, Victor felt something else. A force at work.
A dark force. It was malevolent, unnatural, unholy and it knocked at the door to his soul. It wanted in.
Victor opened his lips a fraction. “No!”
But as he said it, the man in the suit jammed the meat inside his mouth. The evil swirled in Victor’s mouth like a cup of warm hemlock.
He spat it out.
The guy in the pinstriped suit screamed. He grabbed Victor’s mouth, yanked his jaw open and jammed a piece of the wretched meat down his throat.
“You will return!”
He choked, but his throat reflexively did its job and swallowed.
No. No!
Victor tried to retch, but didn’t have the strength.
“He’ll never eat enough this way. Prepare for the procedure,” Tobias said to the doctors and nurses. For the first time, they broke into a frenzy of activity. Tobias glared down at Victor with a look as black and remorseless as the night itself.
“So, you won’t eat it willingly. You may already have some idea of what is truly happening here, and you don’t want to take part in it, even if it means not coming back to your family. Too bad, but it makes no difference. You see, I need you. You have a greater calling now. I have summoned the necessary forces for you. Consuming the heart meat is the best way to allow the forces inside your body, but since you won’t eat voluntarily, we’ll have to do it the hard way.” He leaned closer, his eyes glowing eerily. “The surgeons are going to cut you from here…” He jabbed Victor’s neck just below his Adam’s apple then dragged the finger to a point a couple inches above his left hipbone. “…to here. They’re going to open you, then your stomach, place the necessary meat inside you, then sew you back up. I shall impart my gift to you at that point. When you die, which will be soon, the doctors will remove your unnecessary organs: heart, liver, kidneys, etcetera…but not your brain, lungs, stomach and esophagus. You’ll need those when you return.”
“You’re crazy!” Victor shouted through the pain. “This can’t be happening!”
“You won’t be as trustworthy as a volunteer, but you will still answer to me when you are resurrected.”
Tobias stared at him. A snake had more warmth in its eyes.
“Do it,” he said to his surgeons and nurses.
As if from some strange, multi-limbed beast, three pairs of hands reached for Victor. 

* 

Finally.
The pain was gone.
But in its place…nothing.
Victor drifted in a void. No light, no sound, no smell…nothing he could touch. He floated in pure, unadulterated darkness, the way he imagined outer space would be if the stars were all taken away. He should at least be able to touch something…but he couldn’t. He should be able to feel something touching him…a bed, the sheets, the warmth or chill of the air.
Nothing.
At the most fundamental level, he should be able to feel his chest rise and fall as he breathed.
He was afforded no such luxury.
It was as though physical sensation no longer existed. Either that, or his nerve endings simply could not register them. But there was one thing still available to him. He could think. It was slow, hard work, but the ability was there. What did this lack of physical sensation mean?
He drifted away before he could concentrate on coming up with the answer. He had no idea how much time passed before he was able to think again.
At some point, he perceived the void once again.
He’d been here before. And when last he was here, he’d had a certain thought. What had it been? Was there any way to know? A wisp of realization floated by and caressed his sentience.
Yes. That was it. He’d been contemplating the nature of the void.
What its meaning was.
Perhaps it meant he was in a coma. Perhaps. But for some reason that did not seem the right answer. More than likely, he was dead.
And they, those monsters who looked like doctors and nurses and the one man with the round glasses, had seen to it he did not recover from his heart attack.
They’d killed him.
Said they could use someone like him.
They cut him open. That…unholy force…slithered in.
Repulsive.
Obscene.
But the rush of evil power kept him from falling into death’s abyss.
Victor drifted for a moment, or a year, or a thousand years, but surprisingly, this time he came back to where he left off. 
Medically speaking, the actions of the doctors and Tobias should have done nothing. They could have put anything in his stomach and the result would have been the same. He should have died.
But the unholy force Tobias had unleashed, along with the life force escaping from the heart they’d inserted into his stomach, had kept him from dying.
Now he was here. In this blackness.
Not dead. Certainly not alive.
Chapter Four

“Mommy, my feet hurt!”
Lenora Galloway tore her gaze from the blank wall she’d been staring through. Her gaze found Walt just as he sank to the floor and tugged on his shoestrings. Instead of untying the strings, he succeeded only in creating a bulbous knot. He uttered another cry of frustration.
The bench slapped the wall as she leaped to her feet. She hurried to her son, the heels of her shoes clacking like rapid-fire on the hardwood. She knelt before him, the folds of her long black dress piling onto the floor around her. A few errant strands of hair strayed into her peripheral vision despite the spray she’d used while getting ready. She impatiently brushed the strands away, once again noting how her hair matched the color of the dress.
Lenora was unaccustomed to wearing black. Absently she wondered how long it would take for the grey streaks to arrive in her hair. Any minute now, she concluded.
“Let me see,” she said, reaching out to Walt with trembling hands.
“No. I can get it. Let me. Let me!”
“Honey, we don’t have time right now for you to do it. Just let me…”
He pushed her hands away with determined strength. His eyebrows pulled together in a tight frown, creasing the area between them, an area that should have been too youthful to hold such an expression. “No, I want to do it!”
“We don’t have time. The limousine will be here any minute.”
“Well, just let me do it. I can…”
“Walter, we don’t have time!”
He jerked back and stared at her as if she’d slapped him. His face twisted into a tragic mask. An anguished wail built then burst forth from his stretched lips. Tears streaked from his bloodshot eyes.
“Don’t yell at me. Don’t yell at me, Mommy.”
Lenora’s hands flew to her face. “Oh, Walt. Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to yell at you. I didn’t mean to yell at my little guy.” She hugged him to her breast, and he clung to her as if she were a buoy in the middle of a storm-ravaged sea. His little body hitched with every sob. Lenora rocked back and forth, the way she had when he was a baby. Her own tears traced down her cheeks, wet and warm. She’d have to pop open the small travel makeup case again, the third time this morning…and it wasn’t even ten-thirty yet.
After several long moments, Walt whispered, “I need Daddy back. I need him back right now.”
Fresh tears raced down her face. Her lips quivered so much she almost couldn’t speak. “So do I, Walt. But…but God took Daddy away from us.”
“But why?” Walt murmured. “Why did God take my daddy away?”
“I don’t know why. God just needed him.”
“I need him!”
“I know you do, honey. So do I.”
They held each other for a long moment, neither of them wanting to break the embrace, both desperately clinging to the only comfort they could find.
Then Walt’s little hands patted Lenora on the back. “I love you, Mommy.”
“I love you too, Walt,” she whispered. She kissed his puffy red cheeks.
“God’s not going to take you away, is he?”
“Oh, no. I’m not going anywhere.”
He nodded. “You’re getting me all wet.”
Wet…? Oh, the tears!
Lenora giggled. The sound of it carried more than a few notes of hysteria, not to mention the flip from anguish to laughter had been pretty darned quick, sister. Somehow she had to find a way through this. For her son’s sake, as well as her own.
“You’re right. I am getting you all wet, aren’t I?” She sniffled and pushed him gently away to stare down at his shoes. “You know what’s wrong with your shoes? Why they hurt?”
He shook his head. “No.”
“‘Cause, like a dummy, I put them on the wrong feet. You’ve got your left shoe on your right foot and right shoe on your left foot. I put your shoes on wrong. Now what kind of mommy does that?”
Walt shrugged. “I don’t care. It was just a mistake.”
She smiled, wiped his cheeks and her own, hugged him again and remedied the shoe problem. She glanced at the fine gold watch on her left wrist. It was almost time for Victor’s funeral. She’d been to funerals before, but not her own husband’s. It was foolish to even waste time thinking about it, but…just how was she supposed to act?
Should she be stoic and expressionless, the way her mother had been when Lenora’s stepfather had died? Mom had sat in the first pew in the church, observing the service like some unfathomable statue, all control and no emotion.
Lenora frowned. Should she be like that? Could she be like that? Mom’s way of dealing with life was to control it, to lose all spontaneity, to subtract out the highs and lows until there was nothing but firm middle ground and a cool demeanor. It was a successful strategy. It didn’t endear Mom to many people, or even to her own children, but it seemed to work for her, and that was usually all that mattered.
Lenora had never been much like her mother before, so why start now, at a time like this?
But…she didn’t want to be a wailing, out-of-control soul like Aunt Elle had been when Uncle Gordon’s body had been on the funeral stand. The poor woman had to be pried off him, sedated then practically pinned to her seat by her two brothers. Even then, she rocked back and forth, almost in a trance, moan after moan escaping her lips. Lenora could have sworn the shoulders of the entire congregation had hitched farther up their necks with every moan. Of course, funerals were traumatic, and there was nothing wrong with the fact Aunt Elle had grieved this way in public. Lenora was sure dear Elle had not planned her actions beforehand, but Elle’s way was no better than Mom’s.
So what was the right way to get through your husband’s funeral?
Anyway you can.
The knocker sounded three times, cutting through Lenora’s musings. She patted Walt on the chest, sniffed and held his hand while they walked together to the front door. She opened the door to see a tall, thin man in a dark suit and black gloves standing on the porch, the bright rays of the sun over his shoulder casting his shadow at her feet. He was very composed and very serious.
“Mrs. Galloway. Walter.” Then, with a slight rise of his eyebrows, “Are you ready?”
“No. But we’ll leave now anyway, Harold,” Lenora said.
His eyebrows arched higher. “You remembered my name. You have a good memory.”
“How can you forget the man who takes you by limousine to your husband’s wake and now to his funeral?” she asked, holding Walt’s hand and stepping out onto the porch and the brick walkway.
The sun was warm for spring, but she still felt chilled. Harold, the driver, reached the shiny black limousine before them. With a smooth motion, he opened the rear door and waited patiently as Walt climbed in.
The limo had been her father-in-law’s idea. He’d paid for it. When he first told her he wanted to do it, she’d declined, stating she was a grown woman and perfectly capable of driving herself and Walt to the services. Now she was glad Vic Senior had insisted. Driving was one less thing for her to worry about.
Besides, she’d probably run a traffic light and get into a damned accident and hurt Walt in the process. There was no way she would let that happen. No way was Walt going to get hurt anymore if she could help it. Bad enough Walt now had to grow up without a daddy.
It dawned upon her that Walt, always one of the two top priorities in her life along with Victor, had now graduated to the top priority.
God forbid anything should ever happen to Walt.
As Walt climbed into one of the rear-facing seats in the limo, Lenora stood at the side of the fancy car and took a moment to look back at her home. The stately, two-story brick colonial would never be the same without Victor. Now there would be no additional baby to fill the third bedroom. She took a deep breath.
“Dead.”
Such a simple word…but so completely final.
She’d left Victor three days ago to go to the store with Walt. When she’d left, Victor had been alive and the two of them had hoped to grow old together. Now all that had changed.
She felt the control slip away.
It wasn’t fair.
But it had happened anyway.
Lenora climbed into the back of the limo and sat next to Walt. Harold shut the door behind her. She reached into her little black purse—purchased, along with the black dress, just for the occasion—and retrieved a small makeup case. She unsnapped the face paint and looked into the mirror.
What a mess. Dark mascara lines ran below her green eyes like the imprint of a dried riverbed after a flood…all channels and jagged streams. With circular motions on the makeup pad, she transferred the powder to the pad. As her hand rose to her face, she froze.
She almost cried out as her stomach cramped up, forcing her to lean forward and clutch at her waist with both arms. She’d had the thought a hundred times over the past three days, but now, on the way to Victor’s funeral, it finally sank in:
She was thirty-two years old and a widow.

* 

Alone inside the somber room.
Lenora’s gaze was drawn to the only other body in the room along with her. The body that commanded attention from all who entered. The body that was the subject of hushed conversation. It could bow heads and bring tears, just by lying there.
It wasn’t Victor, she reminded herself again, just his body. She could feel the air in this side room of the church as a tangible thing. It pressed down upon her and made it hard to breathe. More than a few times she found she was holding her breath. The only sound was the classical music that wafted through the round ceiling speakers.
Lenora sat with her legs tightly crossed in the first of many rows of chairs that faced the raised dais and the remains of her husband. Dark green carpet flowed up the two steps to the casket, which rested upon a red-draped table surrounded by bouquet after bouquet of beautiful flowers with various banners stretched across them, expressing condolences.
Four recessed lights shone down upon the casket. It was the Cadillac model: silk-lined and royally padded, the surface golden in color and polished until the glare hurt tired eyes like her own. Victor’s brother, Hugh, had gently prodded her selection and insisted upon paying for it as his father had done with the limousine. At first Lenora had declined his gift. She would choose her husband’s casket and pay for it. But Hugh had insisted, saying it was a need he had to fulfill for his older brother. Looking into Hugh’s thirty-something face and noting the strain in the lines around his moist eyes was all it took. She’d hugged him and thanked him for his generous gift.
Staring at it now, she decided the casket could do justice to a Pharaoh. But, so what? Didn’t Victor deserve the best for his final send-off? He’d accomplished a lot in his short lifetime, and maybe one way to convey that was through ornate trappings, even though he would have shunned such stuff had he been alive. But death was different. After the funeral, there would be nothing left but past impressions, and this was the last one.
So now he lay there inside his half-opened, Cadillac-class casket…one that young King Tut might have thrown a temper tantrum to possess…
She was doing it again.
It wasn’t Victor inside that thing.
Only his body.
Rising, she walked up to his body and leaned on the brass railing the pallbearers would grip as they carried the casket to Victor’s final place of rest.
She mentally dared someone, anyone, to say Victor looked good. 
But the truth was, he did look good.
Not as good as he had in life, naturally, but he was not the shriveled, sunken corpse she’d expected when she’d first laid eyes upon him at the wake the previous night. The cadavers Lenora had seen before had been recognizable, but had already shown signs of the slow implosion that would eventually return them to dust.
But Victor—whether it was the work of an experienced mortician or a statement about the vitality of his life force—did look good. It was too much like he was just resting with his eyes closed. She’d almost rather have him, that is, his body, appear the other way—shrunken and withdrawn—the life sucked out. The way he looked now, she expected him to get up and walk.
Any minute, he might sit up, smile and tell her that it was all a cruel joke, except…Victor had never been the type of man to play practical jokes.
She reached out, her trembling hand poised over the mortal remains of her dead husband. Slowly, she touched him, resting her fingertips lightly upon the back of his hand.
His hand was cold. She pressed her palm gently to his cheek. It, also, was cold.
“Oh, Victor,” she whispered, hoping somehow his spirit could hear her. “You’ve left us.”
A single tear traced down her cheek, a monumental offering from her parched, burning eyes. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there for you. I’m so sorry, Victor. I pray to God that you’re at peace.” She bent and kissed him lightly on the lips.
“You were a wonderful husband. Walt and I miss you so much. Even though you’re gone, we’ll always love you. And don’t worry, I’ll make sure Walt knows what a wonderful man and loving father his daddy was.”
A door opened at the far end of the room. Lenora didn’t hear it, but she certainly felt it. She stiffened. Was it time, already? She felt the man of God enter the room. Felt his gaze upon her. Heard his feet softly scrape the carpet as he walked down the aisle toward her. She glanced at her watch. Eleven o’clock. She’d been in here forty minutes. Not long enough. In an hour the funeral service would be over. Then the casket with Victor’s body inside would be lowered into the earth for all eternity.
Though he was already gone, that would make it final.
She was afraid to be without him.
A dark form stood beside her at the casket. “Would you like to pray for Victor, Mrs. Galloway?”
She stared down at Victor’s face and touched his cheek. “Yes, Father. I would.”
Chapter Five

The void.
Once again it surrounded Victor.
It was…so black.
Not even black.
Colorless.
And it didn’t seem to have…what was the word he was looking for? Depth. There was simply nothing to see. It was darker than any darkness he’d ever seen.
Seen?
That wasn’t quite right. Sight was a past sensation he no longer had access to. Sight was for those who had eyes. There was something else about this void. Not only was it colorless, it was silent as well. What was that old cliché?
Silent as a tomb.
He didn’t care to think along those lines.
How long had he been here, trapped in this void?
There was no way of knowing. Time was irrelevant. As far as he could tell, time did not exist in the void. Time was for those who dwelled in a physical world, and, so far, there was nothing at all physical about the void.
But he could think. It wasn’t easy, but the more he did it, the stronger his thinking became. There was an old axiom that could be applied here…what was it? He’d heard it a thousand times when he was…when he was…alive.
I think, therefore I am.
If this ancient saying was true, then at some level he did exist.
But in what way?
He was neither hot nor cold. He did not ache. He felt no physical sensations of any kind…except…when he saw them. A beautiful woman and a handsome boy…drifted periodically before him. When they did, he experienced a kind of pain, yet not of the flesh. There was a word for this pain.
He tried to snatch it as it crept nearer.
He longed for these people—why? What did they mean?
At some point in this timeless, boundless, completely empty mental existence, he suddenly knew.
A wife and son…!
Could he go to them?
He studied this question for what had to be a long time. He’d had the answers earlier, but now they escaped him. Where were they? Ever so slowly, like water seeping through miles of granite, the answer came to him.
The void held him prisoner. Kept him from his family. He must break free.
But the act of thinking along precise mental pathways, so easily accomplished in his previous life, became difficult once again. He journeyed off the trail, seduced by the residue of incomplete thoughts before finding his way back. Like an ebb tide, his ability to concentrate flowed out of his reach. But, also like the tide, at some point his concentration flowed back. Eventually, he pieced the puzzle together.
He’d lost his family.
He had to go to them…had to be with them…if only for a few short moments. But between him and his wife and child was Death, the ultimate barrier.
He wanted to scream.
Maybe this was Hell itself.
Then where was God? Or Satan?
Surely he should have seen one or the other by now.
But there had been no light, no reassuring voice in his head. Certainly no pearly gates. Why hadn’t God claimed or even damned him? At least then he’d know where he stood.
Instead, he was just some point of sentience, adrift in the void with only his thoughts and his grief to keep him company. Was this Purgatory, then?
If so, he should have at least been condemned to it on a conscious level.
He should be with Lenora and Walt instead of here. He should not be trapped inside this accursed void.
Surely, millions of others thought the same thing when they died.
But they didn’t die the way he had.
Images, one after another, streaked by and slammed into each other like speeding cars into a sudden highway wreck. There was his heart attack, the ambulance with the paramedic who had injected something into him to complicate the heart attack, the surgery table and the man in the pinstriped suit putting pieces of someone’s heart in his mouth…
He tried to escape the images, but they were a part of him now, a part of this new existence. He tried to gain control of his own stampeding thoughts and eventually was able to channel the images into a direction of his choosing. In this, he gained some small measure of victory.
The man in the pinstriped suit and the soulless eyes. Who was he?
Randolph Tobias. He was the one who did this. If Victor ever got out of this place, he would destroy that monster.
But how to get out?
Was there a way out of this void?
Victor hadn’t really tried. He didn’t know how to try.
Tobias said he would not die… Said he would return. Resurrected.
Was he lying?
Impossible to know. Surely he wouldn’t spend eternity like this… Would he?
It was probably just a memory, but for the first time since becoming aware of the void, Victor felt his first truly physical sensation.
A chill.

* 

Something was happening. At some level, Victor could feel it. The endless void in which he’d been set adrift had taken on a discernible dimension.
Suddenly, the void had limits.
At first he wasn’t sure he was perceiving this correctly, or even how it was that he perceived it, but time and time again he arrived at the same conclusion: There were now limits to the void. His existence had changed.
What was going to happen? He tried to shrink away from his fear. But then he had a new thought, one that brought with it a kind of warmth.
Maybe this was God coming for him. Maybe the void had indeed been purgatory, a holding tank for those not ready for the leap into heaven.
Like hardening cement, the limits of the void solidified. Victor became aware he was part of something, whereas before he had merely been a point of consciousness adrift in an endless sea. He’d felt limits like these before, when he’d had a body.
Could it be the void had taken on the limits of a body?
Was he being reborn?
No. It wasn’t that. Not exactly. He was in a body now, and this body felt familiar. You don’t live forty-odd years in a body and not know when you’re in it. The body was not the same as it had been, but it was the same shell he’d once inhabited. 
He felt his eyes open. Everything was still pure black, but now it was a color, not just the lack of color.
His eyes had opened…
The sensation of his eyelids fluttering almost made his mind overload.
After some ecstatic moments, he forced himself to concentrate.
His right arm, so precise in its surgical movements when he’d been alive, slowly rose until it contacted a barrier. The barrier was covered by some kind of soft material, but beyond the material was something hard and unmoving. New limits. Not those of his body. Something outside it. He felt around. These same limits surrounded him. Was he standing?
He raised his legs.
No, he wasn’t standing. He raised his legs higher until they contacted the new barrier. He was lying in something. He forced his arm to strike out and bang on the barrier. The sound was muffled, instantly absorbed by whatever surrounded his barrier. Whatever was out there, it was solid.
Wait. 
Lying down. Dark. Surrounded by something solid…after dying.
God.
He was in a casket.
And it didn’t feel like he was in one of those above the ground condos for the dead.
He was in a grave.
Victor opened his mouth and squeezed air from his lungs.
“Hhhhelpppp!”
The sound of his voice shocked him. It was an octave deeper than it had been when he was alive…and raspy. And that was another thing—he could hear now.
His hands scrambled about, pushing on the casket lid and sides as he tried desperately to feel for a way out of this nightmare. Nothing.
Trapped.
Jesus, what was going on? Why wasn’t he beyond this grave and into whatever afterlife, if any, awaited him? 
He beat at the casket lid with his hands.
Suddenly, he froze. How was he alive? He wasn’t actively breathing, though he could make his lungs expand and contract at will.
There was another reason he stopped banging on the casket lid.
In his mind he perceived a voice…really no more than a whisper.
“Victor.”
He looked around but saw nothing except the darkness surrounding him. He felt every inch of the casket, but there was no microphone, nothing to explain the sound of that male voice.
“Victor,” came the whisper again.
“Who…?”
“Come to me, Victor. The months have passed. It is time.”
“God?” The question spilled out of Victor’s mouth.
“Yes, I am your god now, Victor. I gave you life after death. Come to me.”
He gasped. “Tobias…you are not God.”
“I made you. If I hadn’t intervened, your bones would be turning to dust just like any other useless corpse in that graveyard. Come to me.”
Victor felt the evil power of this being as it wrapped around him. Though he resisted it, the power was too strong, the pull on his mind too great. He felt compelled to do what Tobias commanded of him. Still, Victor battled the compulsion.
“Fool,” Tobias told him. “You cannot win. Your own limbs move against you, and yet you resist. You have a strong will, but not strong enough. The power has come alive within your dead body, and I am the one who put it there. I can’t take your power away from this distance, but I can control it. Enough! I have a need for your skills, Doctor. Now, come to me!”
The force of Tobias’ command yanked Victor’s arms up so hard that they slammed against the lid of the coffin. With the instant of impact, Victor heard a sharp cracking noise. A thin stream of something trickled down to hit him in the face. He remembered the feel of soil from his other life.
“You now have tremendous physical strength,” Tobias told him. “Use it to free yourself of the grave. Do it!”
Again Victor’s fists slammed into the lid. Another crack. More soil streamed down upon his face.
“Don’t worry about breathing, Doctor Galloway. You don’t need air except to talk, and even then it doesn’t matter if it’s oxygen, hydrogen, or carbon dioxide. As long you take it into your lungs and exhale it so that your voice box will vibrate, you’ll be able to speak.
“We had to have you buried because your family and friends were so numerous. Many saw you at your wake and funeral. If you’d been less popular, we could have had you incubated in our morgue. Even tonight I could have sent someone to help dig you out, but I didn’t want to draw possible attention to your grave. Now your time has arrived. After you have freed yourself, you will come directly to me at the hospital.”
Tobias paused.
“You understand, don’t you, Victor?”

*

“You sure nobody’ll come out here?” Fredericks asked, unable to hide the tension in his voice.
“Course I’m sure,” Peterson said, taking another sip from the pint before shoving it in Fredericks’ face. “Five years I been the night watchman at this place. In all that time I seen maybe ten people out here this late, and they was just teenagers lookin’ for a place to drink. Can’t blame ‘em for that.”
Fredericks grabbed the bottle, raised it to his lips and gulped down two large mouthfuls of Old Grand Dad. As the whiskey burned a welcome path down his throat, he warily eyed the moonlit cemetery around him.
On the rolling hills of the vast cemetery rose thousands of weathered headstones, tombs, crosses and angels. They formed a vast stone army, silent in the night. The massive oak trees that kept vigil were gnarled and leafless and seemed to Fredericks to be as dead as the unseen bodies inside the graves. It was probably the booze messing with his head, but the silence of this place gave him the creeps in a major way.
A shadow fell behind every monument.
Fredericks wished it were darker out. The full moon provided too much light. It gave someone who might be looking enough light to see them, and having the cops show up while they robbed a grave was not on his top-ten list of things he wanted to have happen.
Another gulp from the pint. He didn’t like how the sudden breeze caused the bare branches of the massive oaks to sway back and forth over the cemetery’s thin roadways. Didn’t like how they rubbed against one another and made strange clicking sounds as if conspiring reach down when he and Peterson passed beneath.
“Hey, don’t get shit-faced,” Peterson warned. “We got a job to do.”
“I’m not gettin’ shit-faced. Just taking a little of the goddamned cold out of the air. It’s fucking January, you know. And past midnight at that. It’s fucking freezing.”
Peterson wiped his nose with a gloved hand and sniffed. “I told you to wear a hat, man. How old are you, forty? Forty years old and you ain’t got the sense to wear a goddamned hat on your head in the winter? Shit, don’t that sister of mine give you enough allowance to buy anything?”
“Funny, asshole. Manda ain’t got nothin’ to say about me buyin’ nothin’. I want somethin’, I’ll go get it. Now, what’s the deal with the woman who got buried yesterday?”
Peterson pulled his knit hat down farther so it completely covered his ears. They’d been getting lanced by the icy breeze flowing up the hill at them. What a dipshit his brother-in-law Dave Fredericks was not wearin’ a hat after dark in the wintertime. At least the jerk had a coat on.
“Like I told you,” Peterson said. “The old lady died loaded. Made a fuckin’ mint by settin’ up a bunch of automatic car washes all around D.C. Car washes…no great shakes, right? But man, the old bitch sure died rich. Heard she left behind somethin’ like three and a half mil. My buddy at the funeral home told me she put in her will to bury in her best ice. All we gotta do is dig down, open the casket, yank them diamonds from the stiff and cover it all up.”
Fredericks stamped the ground. “Man, this ground’s hard as rock. How’re we gonna dig anything with just these shovels?” 
Peterson frowned. “‘Cause she was buried yesterday, man. The ground ain’t had a chance to freeze like this other stuff. But if we stand here with our thumbs up our asses any longer, the ground’ll be all frozen in no time, and the only way to get to the old hag’s body’ll be to dynamite the dirt away. And man, dynamite makes a hell of a lot more noise than two shovels.”
“I heard that.”
“You ready, then?”
“Yeah. I just hope nobody sees us.”
“They won’t. Like I said, nobody comes out here this time of night.”
With shovels clutched in gloved hands, the two men walked in the direction of their deceased victim-to-be. The body of Ms. Gwenith Osgood was buried in the north section, the newest part of Cedar Lake Cemetery, where all the recent arrivals were buried. To reach this area, the two men agreed it was best to walk. They feared driving the half-mile because a car, even with the headlights turned off, might attract attention due to engine noise.
Silver moonlight clung to everything, creating a nocturnal equivalent to high noon. It shone down between the bare branches of the trees that lined the narrow roadways, casting tangles of shadows that seemed to follow the men as they walked. Through the southern quadrant, they steadily traveled, shovels on their shoulders, eyes wide and staring.
A light breeze whispered a cryptic message into their ears, one they could not begin to fathom. The breeze was just strong enough to stir the ends of the barren branches so they gently dipped, rose and swayed. While branches clacked eerily against one another, dried leaves that had fallen to the ground tumbled and rustled in loose bands over the graves.
As they walked, the men eyed the thin, precariously angled and weather-worn headstones that marked the graves of people buried during the eras of the Revolutionary and Civil Wars. Some of the permanent tenants had been soldiers, many had not. Dates of birth began as long as four hundred years ago, becoming more and more recent as they made their way to the newer quadrant. An occasional spire rose among the rows of headstones, as well as marble angels and looming crosses. Tombs resembled small houses with doorways and false windows crisscrossed with wrought iron bars. Sporadically, clumps of snow—remnants of the snowfall northern Virginia had received two weeks earlier—clung to the tops and sides of some of the statues, making them appear misshapen and grotesque.
Except for the breeze, the frigid night was silent. The men had no inclination to speak to each other as they walked, as if they were afraid their words might be overheard by unseen ears. Gradually, the dates on the headstones approached the twenty-first century. The men followed the winding road through an iron gateway marking the entrance to the northern quadrant. Now the grave markers gleamed in the moonlight, all new and polished, withered flowers resting at some of their bases.
“Which one, man?” Fredericks asked, his tongue slow to form the words. He lifted his shovel from his shoulder and carried it like a javelin at his side.
“Up there,” Peterson said, pointing to an area of graves on a gently rising hill. Bouquet after bouquet of flowers in full bloom lined one of the graves. “See those flowers? That’s our lady, there.” They made their way to Osgood’s freshly dug grave, ignoring the marked pathways and tramping indiscriminately to get there. There was no sod on the lady’s burial place, and the eight-foot by four-foot rectangle of dirt appeared loose and ready to give up the treasure beneath. 
Fredericks squinted at the headstone and quoted the epithet. “‘Gwenith Lauren Osgood. From the beginning to journey’s end, she made the most of what God gave her’.”
“And we’ll make the most of what God gave her,” Peterson said, pulling out the pint of whiskey and taking a long pull. He handed the pint to his brother-in-law.
“Sure couldn’t tell by lookin’ at her grave that she was rich,” Fredericks said, taking a drink and looking around warily. 
“Probably wanted to keep grave robbers away,” Peterson said, showing his incomplete rows of bad teeth.
“Yeah, right.”
Peterson’s shovel bit into the earth with a sharp scraping sound while Fredericks screwed the cap on the pint and started to rest it on top of Osgood’s arched headstone.
“Not there, dumbshit,” Peterson said, dumping the first shovelful of dirt to the side and thrusting into the grave for more, all his weight behind the stroke like an infantryman thrusting a bayonet-tipped rifle. He used his foot to force the shovelhead deeper. “The bottle’ll fall off and hit the base. Then I’ll be out a pint and you won’t have anything to keep your naked-assed head warm. Put it on that other one right next to the old bitch here.”
Fredericks reached over to the squarish headstone and rested the pint on top. Warily, he looked around.
“Nobody’s out here,” Peterson reassured him. “Nobody alive, anyway.”
“I got a weird feeling.”
“Course you do. You ain’t used to graves like I am. It takes gettin’ used to.”
“Graves don’t bother me. But I still got this feelin’…like somethin’ ain’t right.”
“Look, man, nobody’s coming out here at this time of night, and no stiff is gonna jump up and grab your ass, if that’s what you’re thinking. Five years and I’ve never seen it happen. Now, gimme a hand or I’ll just keep the old hag’s diamonds for myself.” 
Fredericks shrugged and got busy on Osgood’s grave.
The two men worked hard, shovels thrusting in, raising and dumping loose soil to the side. The only sounds were those of the blades biting into the earth, accompanied by grunts and labored breathing. Before long, the two were ankle deep, then up to their knees. When they were hip level, Peterson paused. “Time for a drink.”
“Heard that,” Fredericks said, arching his back and grimacing as he rested his forearm on top of his shovel.
Peterson leaned his against the back corner where Gwen Osgood’s feet should be, pushed himself up and out and took four strides over to the neighboring headstone. Standing on the slight rise with his back to his partner, he grabbed the pint, unscrewed the cap and raised the bottle halfway to his lips before pausing.
“Take a break, man, or you’ll wear yourself out,” he said to Fredericks. “We gotta get all this dirt back in after we get the ice, you know.”
“You crazy, man? I am takin’ a break. I ain’t workin’ right now. My back’s killin’ me.”
Peterson looked over his shoulder. His brother-in-law stood still, leaning on his shovel. “Could swear I hear diggin’.”
“Not from me, you don’t.” Fredericks pulled a Marlboro soft pack and a lighter from his inner coat pocket, removed a cigarette and returned the pack back to his pocket. Cupping his hands against the breeze, he fired up the cancer stick and took a drag.
Peterson searched the cemetery. Nothing moved except for the tree branches and the leaves. The moonlight revealed nothing but an empty land dedicated to the dead. He shrugged, took a pull on the bottle and turned in Frederick’s direction. “Shit. Your nerves must be wearin’ off on me,” he said, then tossed the bottle to Fredericks. “Catch.”
The bottle glinted in the moonlight, the dark red contents inside sloshing against the glass barrier like waves on an angry sea. It was in the middle of the bottle’s flight that Peterson heard the noise again. Louder. Beneath him. He looked down at a section of the sod covering the grave he stood upon.
Suddenly, the sod arched upward as if elastic.
Peterson backpedaled and hit the headstone. 
With a final rip the sod tore in half, pieces tumbling to the ground. Through the tear in the sod, a forearm protruded, covered in dirt and what looked to be the sleeve of a threadbare suit that had fallen prey to moisture and mold. The hand attached to the arm turned, fingers splayed in the air, long tendons standing in bold relief from the dirt-smeared skin.
Peterson’s mouth quivered and drool spilled out from the corners. 
“Hey, man,” Fredericks said from the final resting place of Gwenith Lauren Osgood. Then, glancing in Peterson’s direction from the moonlit landscape of the valley of graves, “You gonna stand there all night or…Jesus Christ!”
Peterson didn’t say anything. Couldn’t say anything. He was too busy being petrified.
In a shower of flinging dirt, a second arm burst through and appeared alongside the first. Then both arms fell to the ground. The tendons on the backs of the hands stood out now like iron wires. A bulge appeared between the arms. The earth itself groaned as if giving birth. A dirt-covered scalp appeared. 
Peterson thought he’d lost his mind. Something hot and wet flowed down his left leg.
An entire torso emerged from the grave.
Dirt and clay rolled off in clumps as the man struggled back and forth. When he pulled his legs free, complete with scuffed shoes, Peterson knew he was going to die. In a monumental effort, Peterson remembered to breathe, moving just enough air past his vocal cords for a strained whisper to issue forth.
“D-Dave? Dave, help!”
Receiving no answer, Peterson tore his gaze from the aberration before him and caught a glimpse of the soles of Dave Fredericks’ shoes rising and falling in rapid succession down the narrow road as the bastard raced away through the cemetery, abandoning him. When Peterson looked back, the man from the grave was standing there in front of him, tall and gaunt, streams of clay and dirt running off his head and the shoulders of his ragged suit.
Peterson had to run. Run like Fredericks-that-fucker was doing. But he could only stand there with his back to the tombstone. Peterson’s lips moved before he could even think. “Jesus… Are you alive?”
With the dirt still falling from him in granular streams, the man from the grave stood perfectly still and stared at Peterson with eyes that shone with a light that was more than just reflected moon glow. With a rasping influx of air, the man’s chest rose and fell. A gravel voice rattled forth as he held claw-like hands before his face. “Not alive… Not dead.”
“Don’t hurt me!” Peterson cried. He would have fallen to his knees if they weren’t locked in place.
The man towered over Peterson. “Grave robber. Why should I spare you?”
“Please! Oh, God, please!”
“Not good enough.”
The man’s hand blurred. Peterson’s world rocked. The backhanded slap sent him reeling. It felt like he’d been struck by a slab of stone. His jaw almost unhinged from his skull; his head whipped over his shoulder. The force of the blow hurled him to the ground like a puppet, his arms and limbs flailing uncontrollably as he went down. He struck the frozen sod hard on his chest and rolled with the momentum onto his back. Gasping for breath, he looked up at the man from the grave and recognized the pure malevolence burning in his eyes.
The man reached for him.
Peterson could only watch as those hands came closer and closer, long hooked fingers ready to tear him apart.
“P-please…!” he rasped through bloody lips. He coughed. Two teeth flew out, bounced off the grave-man’s shoes. “I got a wife and kid!”
Those clawed hands hesitated, then, miraculously, slowly withdrew. The man straightened, and when he did, it looked like he could smash the hovering moon behind him if he wanted to. His terrible eyes, blazing with some kind of strange inner fire, seared Peterson’s soul.
Peterson felt that the grave-man was struggling to restrain himself. “I won’t rob anyone ever again. Please…oh God…please…”
“Go,” the man said, sucking in air and exhaling it loudly. “Go now.”
Peterson nodded vehemently. Crab-walking backward, he then flipped over, gained his feet somehow and tore down the narrow road in the same direction as Fredericks.
Chapter Six

“How long have you been here in Hell now, Ray?” Ginny asked, smiling at him from her gray cube across the aisle.
He raised his eyebrows and thought back. “This is what, January? I got here last spring, in late March. That’s…nine months. Going on ten.”
“Had your six-monther yet?”
“No, but Clyde keeps telling me it’s coming.”
“Sounds about right for this place,” Ginny said, flipping over a document. “Don’t run up those credit cards just yet. I got my six month review a year after I started.”
Ray shook his head. During the past nine months, Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake—H.E.L.L., or just plain Hell as Ginny called it—had been a decent place to work. There wasn’t a lot of pressure to get assignments done, though he always strived to beat the deadlines, and the overtime was minimal. But there were some peculiarities about the place that bothered him more and more as time went by.
“Travers, how many days until you bug out of here?” Ray asked, though he already knew the answer.
“Four,” she said, with a flash of white teeth. “Or three days, five hours, fifteen minutes and eight seconds.”
“Damned short-timer.”
She laughed that quick, lighter-than-air laugh that almost always made him smile. It was infectious, somewhere just shy of an out-and-out giggle. It struck him again how much he was going to miss Ginny Travers and that laugh of hers. Even more, he was going to miss the life she lent to the otherwise dull place. Ginny was bright, vivacious and just plain fun to be around, and she was the only one in the Systems Department who didn’t walk around as if she was two quarts low on blood.
Oh, they’d stay in touch with each other after she took her new job, but that wouldn’t be the same as having her around most of the day to cut through the monotony and strangeness of this place.
Ray glanced at his monitor and noted the progress of his batch program as it ran. He hit a few keys and verified he was using the correct data files. When he looked back, Ginny’s sparkling blue eyes were staring right at him.
“What?” he asked.
“You’re a nice guy, Ray. Good-looking, too.”
He felt his face redden. He wasn’t used to direct complements, even from her. “You mean I’m not a pig?”
“You’re no pig. Most men are, but not you.”
“You haven’t seen me around the guys down at the cantina.” 
“Bullshit. You may hang out with them to watch a ball game, but you’re not one of them.”
“Guess I’ve fallen short of reaching my potential, huh?” 
“I don’t know why you haven’t settled down with a good woman by now.”
“Don’t you know you’re the last good woman left on the planet?”
She arched an eyebrow. “Ray…”
He held up both hands in a what-can-you-do gesture. “It’s like I told you, every time I think I’ve got the real thing going, it ends up in the toilet. That’s why I left Roanoke. Thought maybe a change would do the trick.”
“You could try a little harder. I haven’t heard you talking to any new girls on the phone in quite a while. And you never ask me for my womanly advice anymore.”
“Can you say ‘perpetual batter’s slump’?”
“Can you say ‘lack of effort’?”
“Hey, it’s tough to meet the right woman. I’ve been to plenty of those meat-market bars. I’m uncomfortable in them and I’m sure it shows. Most of the time I strike out, but sometimes I get a phone number. I call, she and I go out, but…it gets fouled up eventually. I’m not sure if it’s them or me. Now I’ve reached the point where I don’t even want to go out anymore. I just do it on the off-chance that maybe, just maybe, I’ll run into The One.”
“Glad I’m not dating. What about some of the nurses here in the hospital? I’ve seen them watching you.”
“Are you serious? Zombies are probably more fun on a date.” 
“Yeah, you’re right,” she said. “Matter of fact, a big reason I’m leaving is because people are getting too weird around here. You need to look somewhere else for a girl. Friends of friends kind of thing, maybe. I’m afraid I’m not much help. I don’t know too many single girls anymore.”
“You introduced me to a few, remember?”
“Didn’t go well, huh?”
“Can you say ‘disaster’?”
“I thought they might be fun.”
“Too many helium injections. Could be me, though. I’ve got a partial lobotomy lined up next week. Maybe after that I won’t be so picky.”
She laughed.
He shook his head and frowned. “You laugh because you’re not on the hunt out there week after week.”
“You’ll meet her soon. A good woman will make an honest man out of you.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
They worked a while longer. Then Ray said, “You damned short-timers have no cares, do you?”
“Nope. They can’t hold me chained in this cube anymore.” 
“I’m so happy for you,” he said, rolling his eyes. “You get to go on to bigger and better things and leave me behind to rot. Some pal you are.”
Her smile faded. “You could come over. They’ve got some open spots for good programmers. You’d be a shoo-in.” He mashed a few more buttons on the keyboard before looking over his shoulder at her, then spoke softly so unwelcome ears wouldn’t hear. “I’ve only been here ten months, remember? I have to stay at least a year or it’ll look bad.”
Ginny was about to respond when Ray’s phone pulsed. Single tones. An inside call. He picked it up. “Programming. Ray Brennan.”
“Ray, Clyde.”
“Hey, Clyde. What’s up?”
“I’m ready for your review if you’ve got twenty minutes or so.” 
“My review? Sure, be right there.” Ray hung up, looked at Ginny. “It’s time,” he said with mock-seriousness.
“Go get ‘em, cowboy,” she said, turning back to her terminal. 
“Yew got it, Missy. Ah’ll just mosey on up an’ see the trail boss about punchin’ them doggies, da ha. Maybe get six bit raise.” 
Ginny laughed. “Get out of here, Duke.”
“Say, how’s about you an’ me paint the town? Ah’m buyin’.”
She held up her hand so her ring glittered. “Husband? Kids?” 
Ray hooked a thumb in his pants and made a sweeping gesture with his other arm. “Bring ‘em along! Ah’ll buy’em all a shot of whiskey!”
“Go see Clyde, Ray.”
“Ow. Now thet hurts. Da ha.”
She shook her head in disbelief. “Will you go? The man’s waiting on you.”
He ambled through the aisle between a dozen cubes that looked just like his own and Ginny’s and stood at Clyde’s door. 
“Have a seat, Ray,” Clyde said, sitting behind his big desk in his big chair, his face holding all the spontaneous expression of an ice sculpture. The full business suit he wore was charcoal gray, Italian-made, with big padded shoulders and a trim cut waist and cuffs that came complete with brass, monogrammed cufflinks.
Ray, on the other hand, wore a suit only when interviewing for a new job.
Clyde’s thick, shining hair was professionally styled and held tightly in place by a liberal dousing of hairspray. Ray could smell the residue of it as it wafted toward him. Like his hair, Clyde himself would move only when he had to.
Ray sat down on the other side of the desk and noted the single piece of paper before him.
“There’s your review,” Clyde told him. “Read it and we’ll talk about it.”
Five minutes later, Ray was deemed a decent programmer/analyst who did his assignments with average competency.
Average? Bullshit, average!
“What’s this ‘needs to adhere to limits of assignment’, thing?” he asked, trying not to bristle. He’d busted his ass so often for this place that his rear-end looked liked a reconstructed vase from the Ming Dynasty.
Clyde nodded. “Well, Ray, it’s like this: Sometimes you dig deeper than you really need to in order to get your assignments done. Here at the hospital we don’t need a lot of extraneous research. I want you to identify where the problem is and fix it directly, without spending your time doing in-depth research.”
Ray frowned. “In-depth research is a fault? I’d call it necessary. I need to fully analyze a problem before I put a fix into production that could blow up in my face. I’ve seen a ton of ‘easy’ changes that back-fired because people didn’t analyze the impact the change would make on the entire system.”
“Perhaps…” Cylde paused, inched his elbows up until they rested on the arms of his chair. He steepled his fingers against one another in one of the most canned executive postures Ray had ever seen. Clyde bounced the fingertips of one hand against the fingertips of the other. Instead of exuding power and confidence, he revealed a poseur.
“You were saying?” Ray prompted.
“I want to add some responsibility to your upcoming assignments,” Clyde said, staring through the thick lenses of his eyeglasses to a point behind Ray’s head. “Since Ginny’s abandoning us, I want you to run the weekly statistics sheets. Now, as I wrote in your review, don’t over-analyze it, just run the reports department by department and let them stand by themselves. You’ll get done quicker that way. Remember we’ll leave it up to the users to interpret the data. Ginny will show you what you need to do before she leaves.”
Ray’s jaw tightened. He hated when people used misdirection like some high-priced trial lawyer. “I hear you, but we were talking about my review. Specifically, you said you want less analysis?” 
“In a manner of speaking, yes.”
“Even though I get my assignments done on time and they’re done correctly?”
Clyde stared for an answer.
Ray looked around the sparse office with its bare walls, spotless desk and perfectly kept bookshelves. “Do I get a raise?” 
He showed his yellowed teeth. “Not on this one. That’s for your next review…when you’ve been with us for a year. You’re doing a fine job, Ray. Keep it up.”
Ray’s inner voice told him not to press things, but his ire stomped all over it. “Let me ask you something. I’ve seen the reports we give to the users with the data watered down on them. What’s really strange is that the users ask for them that way. Why is that?” 
Clyde showed no emotion, but Ray felt the air grow tense between them. Maybe it was the way Clyde remained stone still, his face a blank mask. Too blank. There should be some kind of reaction there.
Ray debated whether he should pack himself in one of Ginny’s boxes and vacate this weirdness.
“Ray, we’re in the business of keeping the users happy. That’s what lets us keep our jobs. If the users ask for a report to contain only the first and third records in a file of hundreds or even thousands, then that’s what we give them. That’s why we’re here. For all we know, they use the reports to map particular trends, and to map particular trends they may not need all the data.”
Ray stared at his manager. Talk about pulling an answer out of your ass. “Do you know if they pass those watered-down reports on to the Virginia Hospital Commission?”
Clyde was quick to answer, as if he’d anticipated the question. “I know only what the Hospital Programming Department does, not what the users do. I can’t believe any of our users would submit false information to any governing commission. Where did you hear such an outrageous thing?”
“I didn’t. It kind of jumped up and grabbed me.”
“Interesting.” Clyde studied him for a long moment. “Anything else?”
Ray paused before answering. “No.”
“Keep up the good work, Ray,” Clyde said, his voice a perfect monotone.
And like that, the meeting was over. Ray hurried out of the office, patting his shirt and pants pockets for his cigarettes.
Too much analyzing…! Might as well tell a pilot he does too many pre-flight checks. What kind of bullshit was that, and why didn’t he have any goddamn smokes on him?
Marching back to his cube, he jerked open his desk drawer and eyed the black pack of Dorals. He no longer carried the cancer sticks because it was too easy to step outside and light up. Now, however, he grabbed the whole pack and slammed the drawer. Immediately eyes from the cubes sought the cause of the disturbance. He had the distinct feeling that the little minds behind those eyes already had inside information on his review.
“Wooden assholes,” Ray muttered.
“That good, huh?” Ginny asked from her cube.
“I do too much analyzing. Can you friggin’ believe it?”
“I told you they don’t like that kind of thing around here.”
“I’m gonna go burn one. Want to come?”
“Think I’ll wait ‘til you calm down a little.”
“Good idea.”
He turned and walked past the other programmers. He heard a few whispers and felt the muscles of his neck tighten up. He hoped they wouldn’t direct any sly comments his way. He wasn’t at all sure he wouldn’t plant the jerks into the floor.
Ray marched through the hospital’s sterile hallways, each one a carbon copy of the other, almost as if he were in a never-ending maze. Soon he gained entrance to the courtyard. As he pushed through the door, he was already thumbing his lighter. With his free hand cupped around the cigarette, the flame caressed the end and it caught. Breathing in the smoke and nicotine was instantly gratifying—he felt the rush.
Ray marched on the stone-slab trail that served as a circular path just inside the perimeter of the courtyard. He passed the benches and kept on walking, not wanting to sit right now. He had to move, to keep going. Normally he would ease the tension inside by going for a run or lifting weights, but he had to finish the day off here at the hospital first. If he walked, at least he was doing something active. 
This hospital was whacked. 
Too much analyzing? 
Here in Hell, somebody was hiding something.
Ray smoked and walked, walked and smoked, his eyes focused on the ground in front of his feet. He ignored the cold air, the cold sunshine and the dead flowers that ringed the ornamental birch trees and clumps of holly. He didn’t even linger at the two ponds or the now silent fountains that normally drew his attention. When he came to the end of his first cigarette, he used the butt to light another without even breaking stride.
He was going to update his resume tonight. Screw waiting for a year to go by. He didn’t care to stick around and find out what this place was hiding.
The second cigarette became little more than a smoldering butt. Ray fought the temptation to light a third. People could see him out here. Undoubtedly, one of his robotic co-workers watched from behind a window, just itching to tell Clyde his reaction. He glanced at his watch. Christ, time to get back already. Still glaring downward, he yanked on the door and entered the hallway.
His throat was dry. He’d go the cafeteria for a soda.
Ray made a left then a second left in the west wing of the hospital. Letting his feet take him where he wanted to go, he walked through the open cafeteria doorway and started digging in his pocket for some change to feed the soda machine. The normal chinging and pinging of silverware contacting plates and bowls as people ate met his ears.
Without looking into individual faces, he noted the tables were filled with men and women wearing green scrubs, blue scrubs and white lab coats. Not many visitors here today, though they normally accounted for half of all the patrons during normal business hours.
Strange, but he decided not to over-analyze it.
Ray walked down the middle aisle and turned, pulling out his change for the soda machines that were…right here?
He looked around. The soda machine wasn’t where it had been yesterday. In fact, there wasn’t a soda machine in this part of the cafeteria. What the hell? Had they moved that sucker?
For the first time, Ray noticed there was very little conversation going on. Make that no conversation. Silverware chinging and pinging, yes. Conversation, no. That was weird since there were at least sixty men and women in the place. It was as if everyone was totally absorbed in the act of eating.
Ray stood there with three quarters in his left hand, looking around in growing amazement at the silent feasters at the long tables. With the exception of a few, they all wore lab coats and scrubs. He stood out like sore thumb because he was dressed somewhat professionally in casual pants, shirt and tie.
Finally, it dawned on him this wasn’t the right cafeteria. He must have taken a wrong turn. This was the doctors’ and nurses’ private dining room. And, as he looked around now at nametags and faces, that’s exactly who was there, except for one particular table filled with business people and the tall guys in the dark jackets standing at the ends of the tables watching everyone eat. This last group carried walkie-talkies at their hips. Some wore yellow golf shirts with black lettering that spelled out SECURITY, while others had black jackets with yellow lettering. The chinging and ringing of silverware began to fade as forks, knives and spoons halted their activity. All eyes focused upon Ray, and he could feel each and every one of them as a tangible sensation.
Ray had the distinct impression it was time to get his ass out of here.
The expressions on their faces were not those of polite understanding. There were no nodding heads, no half smiles, no raised eyebrows. On the other hand, there were no openly aggressive expressions, either. No sneers, frowns or even snarls. There was only staring…staring at him.
And those stares were distinctly malicious.
Even…predatory.
Ray felt like he was more than just a trespasser. He might as well have been a spy whose cover had been blown and was now trapped among the enemy. He was as welcome here as a college student spouting democratic rhetoric in Tiananmen Square.
He headed for the door. Before he knew it, two black jackets were walking on either side of him.
“What are you doing here?” one of them growled.
Ray looked at him sharply. First the crappy review and now this. He felt bad enough without the added attention he was getting from being escorted by these oafs. “I was looking for the soda machine. I wasn’t paying attention and took a wrong turn into the wrong place. What’s the big deal? Is the president of the United States in here or something? What’s with all the security?”
“What’s your name?” the second suit asked harshly.
“Ray Brennan. I work in Systems.”
“Well, Brennan, this is a private luncheon. The public and uninvited hospital workers are not welcome.”
“So I figured. Look, I made a mistake. You want to keep a private luncheon private, then maybe you should keep the door closed.”
Ray looked at the table with the business suits sitting around it. Their table stood out from the surrounding tables as if it was supposed to stand out. The hexagonal table seated eight men and three women. They, like everyone else in the place, stared at Ray as he was escorted out. Ray recognized one of them as the president and chief executive officer of the hospital, a man about fifty-five years old with slicked back, darker-than-night hair and wire-rimmed, circular glasses.
Randolph Tobias.
Ray, probably seven or eight levels removed from the man’s pinnacle position on the corporate totem pole, looked away from the man’s piercing gaze. Instead, he scanned the doctors and nurses sitting at the long tables.
One of the doctors, glancing slyly about and noting that everyone else was pre-occupied with Ray, took the opportunity to quickly jab his fork into his neighbor’s plate. He lifted a piece of dripping red meat from the plate and raised it to his lips. He sucked the meat down in a single gulp, but not before it wriggled like jello and spattered his lips and chin with dark red gravy.
Strange move, Ray thought, an instant before he was ushered out of the dining hall and into the hallway. Kids at a school cafeteria did stuff like that. And dark red gravy, he mused, suddenly nauseated. Whoever heard of gravy being red?
Before he could think it through any further, he heard an angry cry from the dining room, followed by the sound of a plate crashing to the floor. Then came the shattering of glass and more chinging silverware. Before the final note from the thrown silverware sounded, another cry met his ears, different from the first, and the sounds of large bodies scuffling.
They’re fighting in there. Fighting over food.
More shouts from the private dining room. Not shouts to desist. Rather, angry shouts against or vicious encouragement for the combatants. It was almost as if the doctors and nurses had become upper-class Roman citizens, sitting in the stands at the Coliseum, jeering against or routing for a favored gladiator.
Ray turned to find himself suddenly alone. The two security guards were running for the dining room. They pulled at the doors, but before the doors closed completely, he caught a glimpse of a doctor in green scrubs plunging his fist repeatedly into the face of the doctor who’d stolen the piece of meat only moments earlier. Then the doors slammed shut and blocked his view. The sounds of the altercation were muffled. Discernable, but muffled.
He stood dumbfounded in the hallway. What in God’s name was going on at this hospital?
Chapter Seven

It was easier to think now, Victor realized, as he watched the grave robber race away, over the headstone-laden hillsides before finally disappearing into the night. He’d become fully conscious. Was it triggered by anger? 
Something had made him want to tear the grave robber apart, something other than the contempt Victor felt toward the man. What it was, he wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he’d had a massive urge to break the man’s neck, rip him open and…
Jesus.
He’d wanted to feed on the man.
How utterly repulsive.
Even so, it had taken every ounce of willpower he possessed not to surrender to the urge.
Urge? No, not just an urge. It went far deeper and came on far stronger. It was an instinct. One that had set in with this—what should he call it?—second existence.
Now the grave robber was gone, the instinct to kill and feed had backed down, but by no means had it disappeared. Instead, it lay hidden in the shadows of his new psyche, a famished lion crouching in tall savannah grass, muscles tensed and fangs bared, waiting for the right moment to charge forward and spring with lethal power onto the back of some unwary prey.
As revolting as this inhuman instinct was, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to control it next time. It was too strong. He also had the disturbing feeling that with time it was going to grow and dominate him until it became impossible to ignore.
God, what had he become?
In his previous life he’d been Victor Galloway.
But who was he now? What was he?
He was no longer Victor Galloway. His sense of self—his soul?—was housed in Victor Galloway’s body, but the body had changed. It felt familiar and unnatural to him at the same time. The body carried out his mental commands with frightful speed and power, but it was like some kind of exoskeleton that merely contained his sentience. His mental processes had changed as well. The vibrancy and beauty and tangible feel of life had been stripped away. Now the world was shrouded in a perpetual shadow, as if he now moved through some dark, unsavory dream.
He existed, but he didn’t belong. Having gone through death and now this…resurrection…he no longer felt a part of the natural world.
He stared at the headstone of his grave. Carved upon it was his name, two of the most important dates of his life, and a simple phrase:
Here lies our beloved Victor,
Loving husband, caring father,
Too soon taken from us.
It moved him.
Even through the veil of this strange existence, he could feel the pain invoked by those words. It was pain that scalded his throat to form a blazing pool at the base of his tainted soul.
He couldn’t go to Lenora and Walt like this. The old Victor was dead. The new Victor was…not something he wanted to be. 
In the torn sod and scattered dirt of what had been his grave, he tried to find answers.
Perhaps in reality he wasn’t here at all. Perhaps he was actually in some insane asylum, cloaked in a straightjacket while staring at some featureless wall. Could he be experiencing pure insanity at its highest delusional form?
But the answer was already at hand, as if it had been ingrained into the fabric of his new mind.
Not insanity… Death.
And death can put some changes on a body, brother.
He walked, amazed at how easy the movement came to him.
He almost glided above the ground.
He used to be a physician. He knew the human body. Fact: The brain needs blood and oxygen to stay alive. Yet he felt no blood coursing through his veins. He looked at the backs of his hands in the moonlight as he glided through the cemetery toward the destination that pulled him.
His hands were dirty from his grave. He rubbed the dirt and clay from them. The backs of his hands were completely smooth. In a quick series of motions he jerked the threadbare, soiled suit jacket from his body and let it fall to the ground as he walked. He pulled the tattered sleeves of his shirt upward, the cuff buttons popping off to glint in the frozen turf.
He turned the undersides of his forearms to the pale moon. There again, smooth. In his previous life there used to be a network of protruding veins through which oxygen-rich blood flowed. The wind pushed at Victor, blowing his sleeves until they flapped against his upper arms. As he strode onward, he scrutinized the moonlit world.
There were patches of snow here and there among the gravestones and monuments. The massive trees lining this access road on which he traveled were completely stripped of foliage. The grave robbers had worn coats. It must be cold out, yet he felt no sting from the wind that blew the branches overhead. They swayed back and forth in a rattling, bone-dance melody.
Victor knew he’d died in the springtime. It was cold now. Winter. He’d been in the grave nearly a year.
Victor halted. The wrought iron gates of the cemetery stood before him, a hundred feet away. The wind caused the gate to slam shut and open. Evidently the grave robbers hadn’t taken the time to secure the latch. The sharpened heads adorning the iron shafts in the gate looked like an arsenal of spears. But he hadn’t stopped to observe the motion and fine detail of the gate. 
Tobias had said something when they brought Victor to the hospital. They would remove…
Victor’s pale hands flew to his shirt. He whipped the ragged tie from around his neck. He grasped the decayed material that was his shirt and yanked. Buttons popped off as he ripped his shirt open to expose his bare chest to the moonlight.
He stared at his chest. A raised scar ran from his clavicle to his navel. He saw no signs of a heart beating within his breast. Desperately, he felt for the carotid artery in his neck. Nothing. No pulse. They’d sliced him open and taken his heart and God knew what else.
What was he? 
This time, he had an answer.
He was something that did not belong in the world.
Monster.
He clenched his fists and raised them to the leering moon, so bright overhead.
“No!” 
This couldn’t have happened. He couldn’t be here like this. Imagine Lenora and Walt’s revulsion and horror if they ever saw him. He should be nothing. This should be the body of a man dead and buried in a grave. 
“No…!”
How could he go to Lenora and Walt as a monster? They would shun him. They would be terrified and confused, and it might drive them insane.
What good was he?
Tobias had taken his heart and some other organs. But he had said that the stomach was essential…so they must have left it in.
The instinctive drive to feed that he’d felt earlier had to be linked to the way this new—old—body processed food. Victor raised his fists and cursed Tobias. 
He knew what he had to do.
And it wasn’t going to be pleasant.
He opened his hands. His fingers, rigid and powerful with iron tendons standing out in bold relief, plunged into his naked chest along the exact scar line Tobias and his minions had given him. With an audible cracking of ribs, he wrenched in opposite directions, ripping open the scar and tearing his ribcage apart to expose his abdomen to the night air.
Victor looked down. There it was. His stomach. Or what used to be his stomach. It was swollen. It filled his entire chest cavity. It was a strange black color with glossy yellow streaks running sideways upon it. Somehow it glistened with moisture although no blood ran from his gaping abdomen. It was alien. He’d never seen anything like it. The stomach moved as if of its own accord. It bulged and withdrew like a live thing, independent of his body.
Victor grasped the organ with both hands. It squirmed as if trying to escape his clutches. He felt an incredible pressure bear down on him as he squeezed it. Pain flooded his senses. It was every bit as overwhelming as the pain of his heart attack.
“Got to…end this,” he gasped.
With a single wrenching motion, he tore the vile stomach from his body. It broke from the connecting esophagus with an audible popping noise. Intense pain scorched through him as he held the writhing, inflamed organ aloft.
Moaning in disgust, he flung it into the graveyard. It smacked the side of a tomb wall and bounced off, leaving a large stain of black ichor on the white granite before careening into a crooked headstone. The pain dropped him to his knees on the asphalt. He lay there, not even twitching. A voice wormed its way through the agony.
“Victor, you fool,” Tobias cried. “You don’t know what you’ve done.”
Victor didn’t have the strength to respond. He shut his eyes, smiled through the pain and waited for true death to arrive.
“I won’t let you out this easy, Doctor Galloway,” Tobias said. “You understand your situation with remarkable speed. It was a good try, but I’ve got an EMS on the way out even now. I know when my creations are at risk, particularly when they are new to the ranks of the undead. When my paramedics get here, they will retrieve your life-giving stomach, insert some organ meat from the recently dead and staple you back up.
“We undead are quite hardy, Doctor Galloway, even without our stomachs. You won’t have the time to die. I need you here, and it’s here that you’ll come.”

*

Once more it was difficult to think.
The world was dark, but the sensation of touch came to him. He could feel. He felt pressure on his chest and arms and knew he was once more restrained on some kind of bed. He heard the whine of a siren and felt the sensation of motion. He rode in an ambulance, the ambulance Randolph Tobias had sent for him
He hadn’t been able to kill himself.
Thoughts shot at him from every direction. One in particular kept hammering down upon him:
Still a monster.
He hadn’t died properly.
Despair crushed him as if he were caught beneath a landslide.
There was nowhere for him to turn for help. He was alone. Completely alone. For the first time since he was a boy, he wanted to cry.
Why was he being punished like this? He’d lived a decent life.
What had he done to deserve this?
At some point he opened his eyes. Saw someone looking down on him. Someone dressed in green scrubs. A man who looked about forty, with a short, neatly-trimmed beard and a patch of jet-black hair cropped close to his skull.
“I don’t usually go for the ambulance rides,” the man explained, “but Tobias wanted me to take care of you personally. I’m a doctor, not a paramedic. I had the driver hunt for your stomach while I prepped you. Another few minutes out there in that condition and you would have broken through to the other side. I had to do the procedure while you were still on that road. You’re stapled up pretty good now. The organs and skin will merge together almost like when you were alive, except far quicker. After that, we can pull the staples out or you can pull them out yourself. Of course, you’ll first have to do some time with the Enforcement Team for what you did back there.”
He observed Victor with cloudy eyes. “We never perform self-operations,” the doctor said, as if quoting from a rule book.
“Why?” Victor croaked.
“All operations are to be approved by Tobias. That’s the law. He is our creator, and that’s the law.”
“You can’t want to exist like this…?”
“It is life eternal,” the doctor said. “Of course I want to live like this.”
“This is not living. It’s existing as a freak of nature.” 
“Nature allows for us. We just didn’t understand how, before our re-births. Now we do.”
Brainwashed bastard.
“How did this happen?” Victor said, pressing for more.
The doctor closed his eyes. “He saved us. Saved us from oblivion. Without Tobias, we’d be eaten by worms. It’s because of him we continue to live.”
“We aren’t alive.”
“Nor are we dead, thank Tobias.”
“How did he do it?”
There was no spark of life in the doctor’s stare. His tone took on a harsh note. “Tobias has the power, that’s all. If you had completed your journey without ripping out your stomach, you would have gained audience with him and he would have explained it all to you. You are a fool not to grasp at this gift, Galloway.”
Gift? This second existence was no gift.
It was hellish. Vile. Evil.
“Did you have a family?” Victor asked.
“I have a family now. My wife and children are with me, and always will be, for they also have been converted. The four of us have joined Tobias’ family. If you do your job and do it right, Tobias will bring your family over as well.”
Victor lay there, dumbfounded. They brought the families over as well? Why?
Then he knew the answer.
The family provided comfort. The idea had to be that new recruits like him wouldn’t destroy themselves if their families were brought over. The terrible loneliness, the uncertainty, all of it could be swept away.
It would be a comfort if…
No!
He would never allow Lenora and Walt to be part of this. As much as he wanted to be with them, he would never allow them to be turned into what he was now…never!
Tobias was clever. Bring the family and you can all do Tobias’ bidding for centuries to come.
“I will never allow my family to be part of this,” Victor breathed, swearing it to himself.
“You don’t have a choice.”

*

Victor felt the ambulance slow then stop. Through the back window, light became visible. Was it daytime?
“We’re home,” said the doctor.
What now? 
Waves of pain streaked through the loathsome stomach that had been returned to his abdomen. It was as though the repulsive organ were punishing him for his actions.
The back doors opened and were braced to the sides. Victor raised his head to see two orderlies dressed in white lab coats reach in and grab the bars of the gurney. He heard the legs and wheels unfold as they pulled him from the ambulance. As they wheeled him toward the sliding glass doors of the hospital emergency room entrance, Victor looked around.
Beyond the layer of illumination emanating from the parking lot lights, it was still dark out.
A ghostly-white countenance appeared above and over him. The man’s slick hair and round glasses were props, designed to draw attention from the pallid face. He was, however, instantly recognizable.
“That was a close call, Doctor Galloway, but we reached you in time,” Tobias told him. “Obviously you will never try that again. It was a stupid thing to do. You leave me no choice but to punish you. I will meet with you soon after your visit with the Enforcement Team.” He walked in front of the gurney, his double-breasted suit moving like a shadow through the emergency room doors. Victor felt the large, swollen stomach in his abdomen swirl and bulge. He suddenly felt nauseated. Apparently, even the undead could still feel fear.
They wheeled him inside H.E.L.L.
Victor fought, but his restraints held fast. For the first time he noticed that, in addition to the straps that ran across his chest, midsection and legs, his wrists and ankles were handcuffed to the metal rails of the gurney. He felt he had enough unholy strength to snap the leather straps, but the handcuffs—he wasn’t sure he could break them, especially in his weakened condition.
Helpless, he gazed about the adjacent parking lot, searching for something, anything, to help rid him of this latest turn of events in this nightmarish re-existence.
There was nothing.
But then he caught a glimpse of a glowing red ember, the cherry root of a cigarette.
A man smoked nearby on the concrete divider between the parking lot and the access road for the Emergency Room. The sodium lights blanketed the world in pale yellow as Victor looked into the man’s face.
He was one of the living. And, as he stared back into Victor’s face, recognition caused his jaw to drop. The cigarette tumbled from his mouth.
The outdoor world of sodium yellow was shut off from Victor, replaced by the glare of fluorescent white light and a white ceiling and white walls as they wheeled him into the main hospital.
Chapter Eight

The row of blue mountains rose before Ray, dauntingly high, until they dominated the clear sky. Nothing could appear more massive, more ancient, than the Blue Ridge Mountains. He lost himself before them. He was back home in the Blue Ridge of Virginia with this gargantuan mountain range stretching from one end of the earth to the other before him.
From within the vast range, a single monolith beckoned. It drew him with undeniable force, as if it was magnetized and he was an iron shaving. 
His mountain grew larger as he made his way toward it. The blueness of it turned to green as oak and pine and maple trees became visible upon its mighty surface. All he had in mind was to keep walking through this valley until he reached the base of the mountain, then he would start hiking up. He took long, powerful strides. The walking exerted him not in the least. Maybe it was the clean air that made him feel so strong. Whatever it was, he felt as if could go on like this forever.
A loud, pulsing tone met his ear. The sound of it was familiar but decidedly out of place. A phone? Here? He didn’t carry a cell phone. He ignored it. He had neither the time nor the inclination to answer a ridiculous phone call in the midst of all this grandeur. He would just keep walking toward his mountain, bask in the sunshine and whistle through puckered lips as the breeze gently caressed his skin, cooling him from the heat.
The pulse of the phone got louder. More annoying. It became irritatingly impossible to ignore.
With a lamenting sigh, he leaned over and grabbed the blasted phone, noting the blue digits on his alarm clock forming a hazy 12:30. Great. Just great. And he’d been having such a nice dream. He put the receiver to his ear.
“Hello?” he managed to say in a hoarse whisper.
“Ray…George in the computer room. We’ve got a job that bombed with a sock-seven. Job name FN783UP. It rolled for an hour then just abended.”
Ray rubbed his forehead. “What was that job again?”
“FN783UP. Sock-seven.”
“Step number…?”
“Four.”
“Shit.”
“Yeah, man. Sorry.”
“Not your fault. Bad data. The problem is figuring out which field the computer’s choking on. I told them we ought to tighten our edits on the front end so shit doesn’t get passed into our nightly stream, but do they listen to me?” He took a deep breath and let it out with an exasperated hiss. “Look, I’m just going to come on in. It’s going to take me a while to find the problem and test this puppy out.”
“Sorry you’re the one on-call, man.”
“Favorite part of the job,” Ray said. “I’ll call you when I’m ready for you to roll-back the files and restart the job.”
“Okay.”
He hung up and started to pull on his jeans. He shivered. It was freezing outside. The cold oozed through the insulated windows. He liked to sleep in the chill air, though, and lowered the heat in his apartment down to around sixty-five at night. He slept better with a few blankets on.
Might as well make the bed. Grasping the blankets and cocking his arms back, he was about to let go a toss when he hesitated and looked down. Empty. There should be a woman there. When was he going to get married…ever? When was he going to have someone to come home to, someone to grow old with, someone to share his life with?
Ray was tired of waking up alone.
He was beyond weary of the dating game.
What gal wants sterile guy who wants kids? 
He told himself for the millionth time it didn’t matter, that a good father was one who was there for the kid, no matter if the kid wasn’t his biological child. With so many people in the world, what did it matter if his genes were passed on to the next generation?
Rationalizing again.
After throwing the blankets to the top of the bed, he swiped distractedly at a few of the major wrinkles.
There’s no time for this. Not now. He had to get moving. Had to resolve this production problem. The longer it took to fix, the longer it took to run the others in the stream, and if they ran too long, the production system would be late in coming up…and then the bitch-slapping would begin.
No pressure, though.
Ray liked the detective work of finding problems and correcting them, but it became drudgery at some point, and the pressure of this on-call slop was as welcome as a root-canal. But until he could sell more of his photographs…
Outside, the wind greeted him with a cold slap. It buffeted his car as he cranked the ignition.
He navigated secondary roads through Old Town Alexandria, picked up the GW Parkway and headed south. Twenty minutes later, he pulled onto the hospital grounds.
“The gates of Hell,” he muttered, fishing in his glove compartment after driving through the entrance.
Screeching his tires and pulling past the gate, he zoomed through the painted rows of parking spaces until he found a parking space fairly close to the employee entrance.
Ray hustled inside the hospital. Walls, ceiling and lights in the hallway gave off a fluorescent white glare that made him squint. He made a couple of turns and walked down another long hallway until he found the programming suite. He inserted a key, opened the door and stepped into the darkness inside. After flicking on the lights, he headed toward his cubicle located at the rear of the suite.
About five steps later, he had the odd feeling he wasn’t alone.
Halting in front of his manager’s office, he asked, “That you, Clyde?” as he peered into the dark office.
“What…?” came the slow, gravelly-voiced reply.
For a moment Ray didn’t recognize the voice. It was lower and more guttural than what he would have expected from Clyde, but it was him all right. It sounded like the man was either drunk to the point of passing out or he’d just woken up from a twenty-year sleep. Ray doubted Clyde’s last name was Van Winkle.
Whatever the reason, it was highly irregular to have your boss in the office after midnight with no lights on and the computer screen blank.
Ray could make out Clyde’s upper body behind the desk like a sculpted bust you might see at a museum. Clyde wore a long-sleeved shirt and tie, the shirt still buttoned around his neck. When Ray moved to the side, the overhead lights of the suite reached in and glinted off the gold metal rims and lenses of Clyde’s glasses.
“I’ve got a production problem,” Ray offered. “Decided to come in to fix it instead of dialing up from home since my documentation on the job stream is here. What are you doing here?” 
A long, uneasy silence.
Ray could make out Clyde’s face now. His expression was so empty he could easily pass for a male blow-up doll. Magnified by the lenses, his eyes were wide and staring. But then a strange glow crept into them that was more than reflection from the lights. It was as if he’d been staring for a long time into some strange, forbidden place and was returning with some kind of arcane knowledge.
Drugs? Was perfect-hair-Clyde dropping acid or something? He’d never shown any indications before.
“I was…catching up on some work. Myself, I…” Clyde said. “Got a lot of…work to do.”
He still hasn’t blinked. Come on and blink.
Ray didn’t see any papers or folders on Clyde’s desk next to the silent computer. “How about if I call you a cab? You look tired.” 
“…tired…?”
Ray wasn’t particularly fond of Clyde, but the guy needed some rest or to come down or something. “Hey, I’ll spring for the ride. What do ya say?”
The eyes finally blinked. A smile appeared on Clyde’s face. He appeared suddenly alive, as if a dose of high-octane fuel had been injected into his veins. “Ray! No, really, I’m okay. Must’ve dozed off there and you woke me up when you came in.”
He rose from behind the desk and walked over to stand in front of Ray. At six-four, he was a head taller than Ray. Clyde reached over and flicked on the lights of the office.
“That’s better, huh? I couldn’t sleep. Wife and I had a little spat at home. So I decided to come in and do some work. Must’ve got drowsy, finally.”
Ray gave a reluctant nod. It was like a completely different man stood before him. The wide-eyed stare was gone. He couldn’t see any signs of intoxication on his boss’s face. Ray couldn’t smell any alcohol, but he did get more than a whiff of something that smelled decidedly unpleasant: Clyde himself. The man had some kind of musty smell to him, like a wet rug left in a hot, humid garage.
“Well,” Ray said. “I’ll just get on the program that blew grits.”
“Sounds good. I’m going to head on out. Maybe the wife will be too sleepy to shoot me when I come in. You need help, Ray?”
“Nah. I think I can handle it. It’s probably the Charges File we get from Data Entry. We’ve got to tighten those edits on their screen or this is going to keep happening.”
As Ray turned in the direction of his cubicle, Clyde took a couple steps forward and all at once was too close. He had his chest puffed out and a pissed-off look on his face. Ray didn’t know what Clyde was trying to prove, but Ray sure as hell wasn’t going to back away from him, boss or no boss. It was all he could do not to gag on his foul stench.
“You sure you don’t need help?” Clyde asked, his tone condescending. “I used to be a pretty good programmer, you know.” 
“I’m sure you were. But right now you’re in my zone, and I want you to move.”
“Zone? What zone?”
“For some reason you’re in my face and I want you to move, one way or another.”
For a moment they stared at each other. For a moment it looked like Clyde was going to tangle with him. Ray was ready, but he was also unsure of Clyde’s strange behavior. That weird light came back in his eyes, his lips curled at the edges and he leaned forward. He was close enough that Ray could smell his breath, and it reeked like maggoty meat.
Finally, Clyde took a long step back and shrugged. “Sorry. I didn’t realize I was so close to you. I must be tired. See you Monday.”
And like that he turned and walked out of the programming suite without bothering to turn off the lights in his office.
Ray walked uneasily back to his cube. He pressed the “on” button for his computer. It fired up with a lot more enthusiasm than Ray had. He logged on to the mainframe and started testing the program that had blown up earlier.

* 

An hour and a half later, the production job that went down was executing without incident. Ray decided to monitor it for another half-hour then head back home. Right now it was time for a break. He needed a cigarette.
Instead of going to the courtyard, he decided to stretch his legs. The employee parking lot near the emergency room was always a good choice this late at night. He pulled on his coat and walked the fluorescent-washed hallways of the hospital.
He reached the exit with a Doral between his lips, slowing as he groped in his coat pocket for his lighter. The door was a big metal job with a push bar. He leaned on the bar and stepped outside. The cold air attacked with silent glee. Ray gasped, cigarette nearly dropping from his mouth.
“Friggin’ ridiculous,” he mumbled. “Freezing my ass off to inhale smoke.”
Cupping his left hand around the lighter to deflect the icy breeze, he struck a flame and let it caress the paper and tobacco of the cancer stick. To draw the flame inward, he inhaled a bit then put the lighter back in his pocket. He looked around at the rows of cars soaking in sodium-yellow light and exhaled, the cloud of bluish-white smoke vanishing on the breeze.
Ray crossed the emergency vehicle road to the vast parking lot, now only a third full. Two nurses and an orderly hurried from their cars to the hospital, arms crossed in a vain attempt to ward off the cold. After they left, he was alone in the sodium-lit world. The Bradford Pear trees that lined the parking lot were sparse companions. Their leaves had long since dropped off for the winter, making their bare branches seem lifeless. Looking at them made him feel a little down. Even as a mountain boy, he’d never been a big fan of winter. It was a season where life retreated and bitter cold set in, forcing him indoors when he loved to be out.
He had to walk to keep warm. The tension eased out of him as he walked to the end of the lot and headed back toward the hospital. He wondered about the incident with Clyde tonight. His boss had never acted that way before. But then again, things were getting weirder and weirder around this place.
They didn’t want him to fully analyze problems. Many of his fellow employees had started to exhibit a secretive demeanor, especially in the last few months. He was almost certain the reports submitted to governing agencies were fraudulent. And there was an underlying tone of menace to the place that he didn’t care to subject himself to much longer. During the day he felt like he was being watched, though he could never catch anyone staring directly at him. Ray approached the guardrail that separated the emergency road from the parking lot and put his foot on top of it. He leaned a forearm on the raised leg and smoked, momentarily content from the nicotine rush.
Not much activity out here tonight.
That’s when the bright blue and white lights of an ambulance sprang up around him. The lights circled the parking lot to race across the gray walls of the hospital. The siren wasn’t on, making the spectacle seem strange, as if everything was happening in a vacuum.
The ambulance halted beneath the overhang and a paramedic got out the driver’s side. He strode to the back of the vehicle and opened the two bay doors. Then he grasped the metal rail of the gurney, where Ray could see someone’s shoes, covered in dirt and clay.
Maybe the poor guy fell or had to crawl on the dirt.
Another paramedic appeared from the back of the ambulance and helped wheel out the gurney. Neither of the paramedics wore coats, and it was damned cold. Maybe they didn’t have time to put them on.
The patient didn’t have as much as a sheet on him, which struck Ray as odd. Usually they had blankets over the patient. And what’s more, the guy—had to be a guy, judging by those shoes—wore dress slacks and a shirt that looked like they’d been trounced by a football team wearing spiked cleats. Some parts of the shirt and pants were no more than patches of loose thread, tatters really, and almost everywhere dirt seemed to be woven into the fabric.
The guy on the gurney didn’t move much since he was strapped down.
Ray caught a glint of something attached to the rails of the gurney. Four somethings. They were bright, like stainless steel or silver. 
Handcuffs. Must be a thrasher. Or a criminal.
As they wheeled him toward the hospital, the guy strained his neck against the strap and looked around the parking lot. He zeroed directly in on Ray.
Ray’s mouth dropped open. The cigarette hit the pavement. 
This was the guy he’d seen when he met with Lisa Jordan in Patient Admitting. They said he died.
Then how…
Ray stiffened, involuntarily raising a hand, palm up, uncertain of what he was seeing and what it all meant.
The guy recognized Ray as well… He could see it in the guy’s eyes. Then the paramedics wheeled the man through the doors and into the hospital.
Ray stared.
Another man emerged from the ambulance. Ray recognized him. He was one of the more famous surgeons here. He looked directly at Ray for a long moment, narrowed his eyes then walked to the sliding glass doors of the emergency room entrance. As the doors opened, he paused and took one more look at Ray over his shoulder. Then he was through and the doors slid shut behind him.
Ray slowly regained his composure.
He couldn’t remember the man’s name.
Squashing the fallen cigarette into the blacktop, he left it there.
Striding to the emergency room entrance, he nearly hit the glass doors before they could slide with a whoosh out of his way. He zeroed in on the lone emergency room admitting clerk, a man of maybe forty-five, thin, and clean-shaven, with a full head of cloud-white hair. The man sat at his desk in front of a computer terminal and watched him approach.
“Hey,” Ray said. “I was just out in the parking lot for a smoke when I noticed the guy they just brought in on the ambulance looks a lot like my neighbor, Dave Banyon. Can you tell me if that’s him or not?”
The guy checked out Ray’s identification badge then looked at his face. “You know I can’t give out that kind of information. Patient confidentiality, remember?” 
Shit. Think fast, bud. “I know. It’s just that if it is Dave, I should call his daughter and tell her what’s going on. I mean, she doesn’t live with him anymore and the guy’s wife died a few years ago. Plus he’s got dogs I’ll need to feed for him. You don’t have to tell me his name, just let me know if it’s my neighbor or not. Dave’s had a history of heart trouble…”
Ray moved to the clerk’s side so he could glance down at the monitor. The screen saver was on. Judging by how distorted the screen was, Ray could tell the saver had been on for quite some time.
The guy stared at Ray impassively. “It’s not your neighbor. Satisfied?”
“Yeah. I’m satisfied. Thanks. Have a good night.”
The guy said nothing. He turned his head and stared out through the glass doors of the entrance.
Ray double-timed in the direction of the programming suite.
The admitting clerk hadn’t admitted anyone into the system. Why?
He arrived at the only answer a split second later: They didn’t want anyone to know that the guy, whoever he was, had been admitted.
Even if the man was some kind of celebrity or VIP, they would still enter him in the system to keep track of his charges, the procedures performed, who had attended to him, inventory and all that other stuff. They might use an alias for his name, but they’d enter something. The admissions clerk hadn’t touched his computer. There was no way he’d entered anything for the guy, including an alias. Ray pushed the door to the programming suite open, strode to his cube and fell into his chair, all the while trying to remember the patient’s name. Nothing came to mind.
Maybe he was just plain wrong. Maybe the guy wasn’t the same guy who’d “died” of a heart attack back in March of last year. Maybe the two men just looked alike.
Maybe.
But the guy had stared at Ray like he was trying to make a point. What, though? That he was in a God-awful lot of pain?
Seemed like something else.
It was getting hard to think straight at three-thirty in the morning. He’d been here since one or so.
He mashed a few keys on his keyboard, saw that the nightly flow was streaming along. He powered down the computer and sat staring at the blank screen as the warmth ran out of the machine.
Ray walked out of his cube, hesitated at Clyde’s office.
Although the room was empty, his uneasiness grew.
“Should’ve quit when Ginny did,” he muttered.
Chapter Nine

Robin Curtis threw herself into Lenora’s visitor chair. “Goddamn insurance companies.”
Lenora set her pen down on her desk, removed her reading glasses and smiled. “Well, good morning to you, too, Robin. Won’t you have a seat?”
“You’re a pistol. God, you make your predecessor look so bad. I mean, he was every inch the stuffed shirt you’d expect as Director of Treatment Utilization. I don’t think he’d tell a joke even if you wedged a million dollars down his pants.”
Lenora laughed. “A little stiff, huh?”
“He made a tree look flexible.”
“Well, we all have our improvement areas. So, you’ve got a problem?”
“You won’t believe the crap I’ve got to deal with to get more treatments for my patients. And it’s all because the health networks know as much about proper healthcare as my two dachshunds. I’m trying to…”
A physical therapist, Robin wore a white lab coat over the scrubs. It was unbuttoned, with the sleeves rolled halfway up her forearms. Despite her agitated manner, she appeared very comfortable.
Lenora glanced down at her own navy blue business skirt and white blouse, clinging hose and high-heeled shoes and lamented bygone days of casual dress. The days of a stay-at-home wife and mother.
Ghosts of the past cut her musings short. She ordered them away, but they ignored her. They grinned and cranked open the gates, allowing the memories to flood in.
She’d been working as a financial analyst at Potomac Hospital when Victor first introduced himself to her at an employee appreciation dinner. The first thing she noticed about him was the way his gaze seemed to zero in on her as if she were the only other person in the world. He was tall, well over six feet. His chiseled face and receding hairline made him appear somewhat rugged and distinguished at the same time.
After an hour it finally dawned upon her they’d only talked about her life and interests, so she asked about him. He’d just completed his residency as an orthopedic surgeon and was quickly becoming established in his trade. Like her, he exercised regularly, read anything he could get his hands on, loved a variety of music and tried to get to the beach whenever he could, even in winter.
Before she knew it, dinner was over and just the two of them remained. He walked her to her car and asked her out for the following night. She said yes, and they never looked back. They held the wedding one year later.
She didn’t have to work after they were married, but she wasn’t the hang-out-at-the-country-club type. She needed something real to do, so she worked. But after three years they decided it was time she went off the pill. After Walt was born she made the decision to stay home with him rather than return to work, and it was during this time she’d gotten so used to wearing casual clothes.
If it weren’t for Walt, she was sure she would’ve been overwhelmed by Victor’s death. It killed her to put Walt in preschool, but he loved interacting with the other kids and the idea of school itself. So, with her heart breaking once again, she enrolled him, knowing he needed distraction from his daddy’s death as much as she did. 
She found activities, eventually including this job, to help get herself back on track. She didn’t need the money; Victor had provided well for them.
“Lenora? Hello? Do you copy, over?”
She’d been watching Robin’s sneaker bounce. Her cheeks flushed. “I am so sorry, Robin. I drifted off on you.”
“Anyone I know?”
“Victor.”
She nodded. “He was a great guy.”
“Thanks. This isn’t the right place to be drifting off like that… I’m here to do a job. You mentioned insurance companies?”
“Yeah, can you please tell me who the hell they think they are?”
“Trouble, huh?”
Robin Curtis barely breathed as she fired off her words. “I have a patient, a Mr. Jackson. Got hurt in an accident OTJ.”
“OTJ?”
“On the job. Mr. Jackson has extremely limited range in his left deltoid. He needs more treatments, but his goddamned insurance company and his own doctor—who is, of course, in the insurance company’s health network—want him to return to work half-days. To work! Can you believe it? He can’t raise his arm to comb his hair or drink a soda, much less hang sheet-rock in houses.”
Lenora frowned. “How awful.”
“You know what I’m saying, don’t you?” Robin asked, her eyes round and imploring.
“Obviously he’s not ready to go back to work.”
“Not ready for work? This guy needs at least ten more treatments, probably fifteen.”
Robin leaned forward in the chair. For a moment Lenora thought she might slip off the edge of her seat. Her face darkened like a gathering storm, only instead of the bruised purple of thunderheads, her face turned beet-red.
“Look, we’ve been friends for two years, since you first came in for treatments on your knee,” Robin said. 
“That’s right.”
“So you know I’m not mad at you, don’t you?”
“I know.”
“Good. Okay, here’s the deal. Mr. Jackson’s doctor is being pressured by the insurance company. The insurance company pays for Mr. Jackson’s visits. If the doctor stands up for Mr. Jackson and says he’s not ready for work, the insurance company might let it slide after a fight, but if the doctor does it too many times, he knows the insurance company will pull their patients from him and drop the doctor from the their plan. The doctor won’t get their referrals. No referrals…no income.”
“So what it boils down to is that the insurance company doesn’t want to pay for more treatments,” Lenora said. “And they’ve pressured the doctor to see it their way, despite his physical therapist’s objections.”
“That’s right,” Robin said. “Despite my objections.”
“The insurance company is dictating patient treatment based on the bottom line instead of the patient’s well-being.”
Robin smiled sourly and sat back in the chair. “Welcome to healthcare in America.”
“What a mess.”
“No shit. I know you’ve only been here a few weeks, but you need to know what a bad joke it all is.”
“What can I do?”
“That’s up to you. The last guy in your position would have done nothing, and did do nothing. As the new Director of Treatment Utilization at this hospital, maybe you can persuade the insurance company to bend a little in these types of cases. You know, tell them patients are going to start talking to newspapers and magazines. Unwanted publicity might not be such a good thing, even for an insurance company.”
“I can’t blackmail them like that,” Lenora said, shaking her head. “They’ll go straight up to Mr. Tobias and he’ll boot me out the door. But maybe I can blackmail them another way…” She paused and thought for a moment. “Maybe I can talk the insurance company into providing Mr. Jackson with more visits by saying if they don’t allow for more treatments on a case-by-case basis, then more and more patients are going to complain to their employers. Eventually, after enough complaints are lodged, the employer might just decide to drop the insurance company altogether and go with some other company. Think that’ll be enough leverage?”
“Probably not, but it’s worth a try,” Robin said, smiling. “You’re going to be great at this, Lenora.”
“I’ve got a lot to learn. This is only my third week.”
“Yeah, but it’s better than the other position I told you about.” 
“It’s strange I interviewed for that Financial Analyst job and they told me they wanted me to give this a try. It was almost like it was fixed or something. I’d never heard much about Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake before interviewing here and you’d only been here a few months yourself. Victor died in this hospital and now I’m working here. Don’t you think that’s ironic?”
Robin opened her mouth to reply when three knocks sounded on the door.
A dark haired man with a neatly trimmed beard stood in the doorway. He was attractive and fit, probably somewhere in his mid to late thirties. He appeared a trifle uncomfortable as he glanced from Lenora to Robin then back again. Lenora had the impression he was a bit worn, perhaps even world-weary. There was a glint of life in those eyes, but it was dulled, as if he grappled with something.
“Yes?” Lenora asked.
“Hi, I’m Ray Brennan from Systems. You called Clyde about some problems you were having on the Patient Tracking System?” 
“Yes, that’s right,” Lenora said, rising from her chair. “Robin, I’m sorry, I need to speak with, uh, Mr. Brennan, here. I’ll get up with the insurance company about Mr. Jackson and let you know how it goes. Okay?”
Robin rose and glanced at Ray Brennan. She primped her hair, trying to look nonchalant about it. “Sounds good. Thanks for hearing me out. Maybe we can have lunch together soon?” 
“Sure. That’d be great. I haven’t been out much lately. When’s good for you?”
“Tomorrow?”
“Tomorrow’s fine.”
“I’ll come by and get you around twelve, then. See you.”
“Bye, Robin.”
Lenora smoothed her skirt as Ray Brennan stepped inside the office to allow Robin to pass.
Robin smiled broadly and turned her head toward the man as she walked out. “How are you doing, Ray?”
“Not too bad. How about you, Robin?”
“Just the usual. How’s the programming life?”
“One adventure after another. You should switch departments and give it a try.”
“Not me. I’d rather have you show me how to use those silly things.” With a flagrant toss of her long brown hair and an extra sway of her hips, she was gone.
Lenora had the impression her friend was hot for the guy, and she couldn’t blame her. 
Lenora extended her right hand. “We’ve never met. I’m Lenora Galloway.”
“Ray Brennan,” he said, taking her hand. “Good to see you.” They shook briefly. She liked the controlled strength in his grip. 
“So,” he said, “you sent up a smoke signal?”
Lenora gestured to the chair Robin had vacated. “Sure did. Have a seat. I’ll log-on to the system and show you what I’m having trouble with. It could be I’m just not understanding the screens correctly.”
“Well, they’re pretty jammed with codes and acronyms unique to Holy. I think they’re hard to read, too, and I’m one of the guys who works on them almost every day. Clyde won’t let me split them out to make them easier to understand. Says we have other priorities.” He grinned, which brought out a spark in his eyes. “Can’t contradict the boss and expect to get paid, right?”
“That’s what I’ve always heard.”
Lenora found Ray personable. Definitely not a jerk. Why she found herself caring was a mystery. 
She met with Ray for an hour and they determined her screen problem was a combination of her misinterpretation of the data and a legitimate bug in the screen itself. Ray had her sign a resource request that officially allowed him to work on the problem. 
When he left, she ate a yogurt and an apple along with a diet coke while reading a patient treatment procedure manual. After lunch she attended a department head meeting for an hour, met with a social worker, an occupational therapist and the head of physical therapy for an hour and a half and persuasively argued with the insurance company about Mr. Jackson, finally wrangling a concession of eight more physical therapy visits out of them.
Back in her office, Lenora’s chair creaked as she slumped down in it. She sighed. Finally it was five o’clock.
She reflected on the day’s events. As she did so, she was surprised to find her thoughts returning to Ray Brennan. She felt guilty thinking about him the way she was, but it had been almost a year since Victor’s death. A year.
She couldn’t deny she had impulses…needs that were no longer fulfilled. Too often the loneliness, especially when Walt was at school or at a friend’s house, was enough to make her want to scream.
When Walt’s large blue eyes spied her in the doorway of his preschool class, he jumped up from his chair and ran with his arms over his head.
“Mommmmmiiiiieee!” he cried, with a huge smile that made Lenora feel warm inside.
“Hey, sport,” she said, bending to pick him up and hug him to her. “Nice to see you.”
“Nice to see you,” he said, repeating her greeting back to her.
“I missed my big boy all day today,” she told him.
“Yeah,” he said, patting her back with his small hands as he squeezed her tight. “I missed you, too, Mommy. I missed you all day.”
The other boys and girls, some nine or ten still left in the class of three-year-olds, smiled sadly or looked away. Their parents hadn’t come yet.
Lenora’s one condition when she took the job at the hospital was that she would have to leave between five and five-thirty to be with her son. Have to. Either that or she wasn’t interested in the position. She was willing to take a cut in pay to ensure she could leave on time.
“That’s not necessary, Lenora,” Mr. Tobias had said. “Instead, what would you say to a fifteen percent increase on the figure I quoted you moments ago?”
“Increase…fifteen percent? I don’t want to appear ungrateful, but why would you do that?”
“I see a lot of potential in you and I don’t want you looking for work someplace else. What do you say?”
“I’ll take it.”
“Excellent. Now go home, think about it, and let me know when you can start.” 

* 

Fatigue settled upon the remaining Galloways. They’d played outside, eaten dinner, played inside and watched a Walt Disney video together. Now Lenora closed the dinosaur book she’d been reading to Walt in his bed. She tucked the blankets around his sturdy frame.
He’s getting so big so fast, damn it.
She ran her fingers lightly through his blond hair as he stared at the ceiling. His blue eyes were wide open, but he wasn’t fighting her about staying in bed like he normally did.
“Good night, buddy.”
“‘Night, Mommy.”
“Love you.” She bent and kissed him.
“Love you, too.” 
She hugged him then eased herself off the bed.
“My daddy’s alive,” Walt said simply as she started to close his door.
She froze. Where had that come from? “No, honey. He’s with God now.”
“Then God must have sent him back, ‘cause I feel him, Mommy. I feel him.”
Lenora stared at her son. Poor little guy. He’d accepted Victor’s death a long time ago. Why, all of a sudden, did he think Victor was alive?
She walked back to his bed, about to ask him more, but stopped short.
Walt was already asleep. There was a small smile on his face, the same smile he wore whenever he felt contented.
Strange he’d say something like that. She frowned. Lenora stood for a moment, gazing down at Walt. Suddenly she gasped, then froze, her eyes wide. Her breath rattled through her teeth as she shivered.
She spun and flew from Walt’s room, fearful her stifled cry might escape and wake him. She ran down the stairs to the kitchen, yanked the refrigerator door open and reached in. Her hand shook as she raised the bottle of wine to her lips.
It was only her imagination, sparked by Walt’s comment. It had to be!
She gulped more wine, gasped for breath, then took another gulp before slamming the bottle on the counter.
It’s my mind playing tricks. Victor’s been dead nearly a year…but I swear to God it felt like he was right there in Walt’s room with me.

Chapter Ten

Restrained by iron manacles that cut into the bloodless skin on his wrists and ankles, Victor lay on his back on the gurney as two burly orderlies wheeled him head-first through the white-washed hallways of the hospital.
They passed through corridor after endless corridor. Just when Victor thought they would continue in one direction forever, they’d arrive at an intersection and turn down another corridor. At each turn Victor raised his head as far as the strap would allow, no more than an inch or two, as if seeing where he was going gave him some measure of control over his situation.
Victor tested the restraints. Don’t kid yourself. They’ve got you now.
Clusters of doctors and nurses stared at him in eerie silence as he passed by. They appeared normal enough on the outside, even moving as if they were warm-blooded. Well-groomed, they wore standard hospital attire: green scrubs in preparation for an operation, or lab coats over scrubs or regular clothing if they were just making the rounds. Most had stethoscopes around their necks or stuffed halfway into their deep lab coat pockets. To the uninitiated, they must have looked like normal healthcare workers. Victor gazed into their soulless eyes and knew otherwise. Some smiled and nodded at him, as if affirming he was now a member of their secret club.
Whatever was left of Victor’s soul recoiled. They were undead, and they recognized him the same way he recognized them.
There was no way they would help him escape.
He wondered if they all were undead, and if there were limits to the power of Tobias in this facility…and beyond. 
The orderlies wheeled him into an elevator that was deep and wide and designed for moving patients in roller beds and gurneys, such as the one that now held him prisoner. As the elevator doors shut, Victor turned his head as far as he could to look at the panel of buttons on the wall. Buttons one through nine were for the nine aboveground floors of the hospital, two were for the main hospital and seven more for the patient tower. Below them were buttons “B1” and “B2”, obviously the basement levels. One of his captors pushed the red “B2” button. The elevator doors eased shut.
“Are you part of the Enforcement Team?” Victor asked the orderlies as the elevator descended.
They observed him coldly for a moment, then their gazes drifted up until they focused upon each other. A silent communication seemed to pass between them. 
“You don’t have to do this,” Victor said. “You can let me go. I’ll disappear… You’ll never hear about me again.”
They stared at the walls. 
Victor heard a squeaking noise as they descended. It sounded like some mechanical part of the elevator needed to be oiled, but as he glanced around, he noticed his companions were moving. Or more specifically, swaying. They shifted their weight from one leg to another, as if they were on a boat that rocked from side to side. Although he couldn’t look down, Victor suddenly knew where the squeaking was coming from. A shoe. One of the orderlies had a squeaky shoe that squeaked when he shifted his weight.
Both orderlies swayed back and forth, though the elevator maintained a perfectly even keel. Was their swaying a kind of fidget? If so, then the orderlies were nervous.
The elevator halted. The doors parted.
Victor raised his head to see a long tunnel seemingly cut from solid stone.
Steel bands encased the lights. They reminded Victor of the lights used in submarines when battle stations were called.
The walls, ceiling and floor of this tunnel were painted dark red.
Blood red.
It was a wide tunnel. Wide enough to maneuver a gurney. Victor could not see the end of it.
A pipe perhaps six inches wide hugged the ceiling and appeared to run the length of the tunnel.
Victor saw no doors. The tunnel sloped gradually downward and seemed to stretch into infinity.
Or to Hell.
The alien stomach inside him recoiled of its own volition. There was nothing good here.
Without stepping outside the elevator, the orderlies pushed at the rails of the gurney. Victor glided into the crimson hall. Again, he fought the straps and manacles. Again, they held him fast. One of orderlies grinned down at him.
“That stunt at the graveyard made you weak, man,” he said. “Tobias wants you to make it out of here.” He eyed the tunnel for emphasis then looked at Victor as he rolled away. “But even Tobias can’t control what’s down here in B2. Not even close, man.”
“Not even close,” the other affirmed.
The elevator doors started to close.
Victor jerked and pulled at the handcuffs. The metal groaned, but nothing gave. “Wait! You don’t have to do this! You can’t…” The gurney collided against the tunnel wall with a sharp jolt. 
The orderly shrugged and laughed. “Wouldn’t want to be you, man.”
His companion joined in and their laughter echoed down the barren hallway. The elevator doors shut completely. They were gone. Victor looked around as much as he was able, and listened.
He heard nothing. No water running through the pipe overhead, no voices, not even the sound of air moving through the tunnel. Nothing.
With the gurney stuck at an angle against one of the walls, he could see the walls were hewn from solid stone. Solid stone painted deep red.
He knew the two-storey hospital and the seven additional floors of the patient tower resided only forty yards from a rocky cliff that overlooked the Potomac River. The grounds around the hospital contained only a few feet of topsoil. Below that was rock. To create this tunnel, someone had to drill through and clear away all that rock. He seriously doubted any building inspectors knew this was here.
One other thing he noticed—the tunnel glistened with moisture.
Here and there tiny rivulets of water clung to the surface of the walls and ran down to the floor where they followed the tunnel into oblivion. Victor didn’t have use of his olfactory senses, but he suspected the air was humid and dank.
“Shall we begin, Doctor Galloway?”
Victor started.
A sudden maniacal tittering filled the tunnel.
The stomach inside him squirmed. Victor struggled to turn in the direction of the laugh. There, next to the elevator, lurked a pocket of shadows. The insane laughter originated there. 
Silence, then, with the finality of a bullet tearing through a healthy heart.
“Too bad your companions didn’t get off with you. We could have had a little party, you realize. Now it’s just you and me, eh, Vic?”
The voice was low and resonant, more a growl than an actual voice. It seemed impossible this same voice could have produced the tittering laughter of only seconds before.
A form detached from the shadow and moved stealthily into the crimson light. At first it was vague, no more than a large, dark mass.
This mass stalked closer upon four legs like an animal. Then he saw it clearly. It had pointed ears, massive shoulders and eyes that glowed a brighter red than the lights of the surrounding tunnel. Claws on its paws scraped the rock as it stalked toward him. Its long teeth glowed white with menace.
It growled, this bastard mix of tiger and bear.
Victor tensed, fought like mad to get out of the gurney. He had to be seeing things. His eyes had always been bad. But for the first time he realized everything around him was uncompromisingly clear. His vision had improved since his un-death. He blinked. In the nanosecond it took to blink, the fearsome beast before him had morphed. Now a man ambled toward him. A short, trim man, maybe five-feet-five inches tall, with short dark hair and a lean face. He wore an expensive-looking suit that fit him like an outer skin, as if Georgio Armani himself had tailored it. The dark, double-breasted suit seemed to absorb, like a black hole in space, the permeating red glow given off by the tunnel lights.
The man halted alongside the gurney and gazed at Victor with the same eerily glowing eyes of the beast. He took a step back and sat on a stool that Victor knew damned well hadn’t been there seconds earlier.
Victor sensed something more than a physical threat exuding from this…man or thing or beast…that he feared. More was at stake here than death of his undead body. 
“You don’t mind if I call you Vic, do you?” the man/thing said. His voice echoed in Victor’s ears, low and grating, a scaled-down but still powerful version of the beast’s uttering. It didn’t go with the man’s slim build.
“I prefer Victor.”
“Fair enough. Victor it is. See how easy it all can be, Victor?”
“What are you?”
The man grinned, displaying perfect rows of large, white teeth. “Just a man. Just a man with a job to do. That’s all, you realize.”
“The men I know don’t have eyes like yours, and they can’t turn themselves into some kind of animal.”
“We’ve all got a bit of the beast in us. And when you’ve been down here as long as I have, certain…changes are bound to come over you, you realize. After all, you are hardly the same man you once were.”
The man enunciated every syllable with great care, despite the gravel tone of his voice. Maybe he’d had a high class upbringing. Or maybe he just enjoyed talking.
Victor had to drag his gaze from the scarlet eyes, which had no separation of cornea, iris and pupil. This man, or whatever he was, exuded power, power above and beyond anything living or undead. Victor doubted he’d ever been a man.
“What’s your name?” Victor asked.
The man’s dark eyebrows rose. The motion didn’t cause a single crease in his high forehead. “What would you like to call me?” 
“Your name.”
“How is Fred?”
“You don’t look like a Fred.”
The man shrugged, the shoulders of his dark suit rising then falling. He hooked a thumb under his lapel and slid it up and down. “How about Jack O’Feliz?”
“Unusual.”
“Dad was Irish…Mom, Spanish. They were a bit trendy for their time, you realize. After getting married, they merged both of their cultures to form a new family name.”
“I see.”
In a single smooth motion, Jack slid from the stool and held out his hand to shake. For the first time, Victor noticed the black, skintight gloves on the man’s hands. He looked from the gloved offering to the iron cuffs on his own wrists, then back to the glowing eyes. “You have me at a disadvantage.”
“Of course I do.”
Seemingly of their own accord, the irons fell from Victor’s wrists and ankles. The straps across his body snapped apart.
Victor sat up and swung his legs over the side of the gurney. He eyed the manacles then faced his jailer, ignoring the outstretched hand.
Jack blinked as if Victor had slapped him in the face. “I could force you, you realize.”
“I’m sure you could.” 
Jack withdrew his hand. His lips pressed together and his brow furrowed. Then he gained control and smoothed his expression into one of calm patience. “Of course, volition makes all the difference. I won’t hold it against you, however. You’re new here, so I’ll allow you your small victory. But you’ll come around. Although…” He crossed one arm over his chest and propped his elbow on it while he stroked his angular chin. “I get a sense you are different from most who come down here. Doesn’t matter, though. In the end, you all get straightened out.”
Victor pushed himself from the gurney and stood before Jack.
The “man” was fully a head shorter than himself.
“Who are you, Jack?”
“I told you.”
“What are you?”
Jack said nothing. 
“Why all this?” Victor asked, glancing toward the elevators and gauging the distance. 
“My dear friend,” Jack said, as if he were writing the opening salutation of a letter. “You’re not planning on leaving so soon, are you? We haven’t even begun the treatments.”
“Screw your treatments,” Victor exclaimed, lunging forward and striking out with a quick left jab. His hard knuckles contacted the skin and bone of Jack’s chin and sent the man’s head snapping back. Victor followed the jab with a straight right that rocked Jack on his heels, arms wind-milling. Racing for the elevators, Victor slipped and fell. His face slammed into the stone floor. Distantly, he felt a couple teeth crack. Leaping to his feet, he ran for all he was worth.
Red lights on the wall flew by, creating a single scarlet streak. He reached the elevator without any sounds of pursuit from behind him. He reached out to press the button for the first floor and…
There were no buttons.
Victor stood there dumbfounded. Desperately, he felt the wall, searching for a control panel.
Jack’s voice echoed in the hallway. His tone was matter-of-fact, controlled, not angry. “That’s right. No elevator panel down here. It’s always better for my patients to come to that conclusion on their own. Tobias’ flunkies come down when I summon them, and not before, you realize. And that elevator, I assure you, is the only way out.”
Victor whipped around, his back to the elevator doors. Jack stood thirty feet away, in the center of the hallway. His suit was unruffled and clean, without a drop of water on it, though he’d landed on the wet floor. And though Victor knew he’d tagged the guy pretty good with the punches, there were no marks on Jack’s face. Victor glanced left and right, desperately seeking a way out.
No stairs. No emergency exits.
Only walls. Walls of stone. The tunnel ran into infinity before him, sloping ever downward.
The lone avenue of escape was at his back. If he could pry open the doors, he could climb the elevator cables to the ground floors. But first he had to get rid of this “Jack O’Feliz” before it changed into that beast again.
Jack strolled toward Victor. His hands in his front pockets caused a fold in his suit jacket around the middle. His tie hung arrow-straight. Take away the glowing scarlet of his eyes and he could have graced the cover of Businessman’s Weekly.
Victor tensed, ready to spring.
Jack smiled, and now long fangs showed. “Really, Victor. I do admire your tenacity. Usually the rejects Tobias sends down here follow me around like puppies, begging and whining to be released. Not you. Oh, no, not you. You have the testicular fortitude to challenge me.”
He threw his head back and laughed, his glowing eyes squinting into flat crimson lines. His laughter was the same high-pitched sound Victor had heard when he was first rolled into this hell-tunnel. Maniacal laughter. Laughter that sprang from an insane mind.
Now.
He rushed the smaller man, hoping to take him by surprise. He didn’t want to wait to find out what treatments Jack might have in store for him. From ten feet away, Victor launched into the air the same way he’d done as a linebacker in high school. But just as his shoes left the wet floor, Jack’s form shimmered before his astounded eyes. Clothes disappeared. Black fur sprang over a bestial body. The thing that had been a short, slender man was suddenly huge—a mass of muscle and sinew and slavering jaws.
It leaped at Victor.
The huge head and shoulders and claws filled Victor’s vision. In mid-air, he collided with the beast. The impact threw Victor backward as if he were straw.
The beast enveloped him. It snarled and growled, sliced him open with its claws and sank its fangs in him again and again in a whirling blur of motion. 
He had no chance to fight back. Victor heard his bones crush, his tendons snap, his flesh rip apart. In rapid succession, the beast tore Victor’s arms and legs from his body. No pain, but instant power loss. 
From a far away point of sentience, Victor wondered if this beast would kill him after all and disregard Tobias’ wish to merely “straighten him out”.
Victor prayed so.
But the beast backed off and squatted on its haunches. Slaver oozed as it held Victor’s detached left leg between its jaws. It watched Victor with eyes narrowed to burning slits of rage. The tendons of Victor’s leg hung like wet spaghetti to the femur bone. The beast shook the leg violently, like a wolf shaking a rabbit to snap its neck, then gobbled it down in three massive bites. Victor could see the bulging outline of his leg as it traveled down the beast’s throat. He wanted to turn away, but he could only watch in sickened awe.
Jack answered to no one. That much was clear.
Somehow Victor remained aware of his surroundings. He could see the tunnel and the way the beast filled it.
Jack laughed at him through the throat of the beast. “You have no arms or legs, Victor…and yet you’re not dead. Isn’t that a wonder to you?”
Victor stared.
“Speak!” The beastly voice rumbled from the depths of its massive chest. “You can still talk. You still have the life-sustaining stomach within your chest cavity. Properly nourished, it will create the black energy that will power your undead body. Speak to me, Victor!”
The beast’s blackened lips drew back even farther, exposing row after row of long teeth in a vicious smile.
“Kill me and be done with it,” Victor cried.
“Ahhh…still he fights back. Good, good. You have a strong will, Victor. The strongest I’ve encountered in a long, long time.”
“Bastard!”
The beast blinked. “How did you know?”
A long moment passed.
“I could keep you like this, you realize. Give you just enough nourishment to keep you going in this pathetic state. I could keep you like this for eons.”
Victor knew the beast spoke the truth. 
“But it is not my wish to do this,” the beast continued. “I do not serve Randolph Tobias—far from it—but we do have an arrangement. I break-in his rejects, and he provides me with supply.”
“Supply?” Victor whispered.
The beast grinned. “Bodies and souls.”
Suddenly the beast shrank, changed, and in its place stood the human-looking form of Jack O’Feliz in that natty suit and tie, black-gloved hands clasped before him. “Get up, Victor.” 
“I can’t. You tore my…”
“So I did. But that was a moment ago. Things can change quickly down here, you realize.”
Jack regurgitated Victor’s leg. 
Victor looked down at what was left of his body, expecting to see only a torso and torn ligaments and tendons. Instead, his body was whole once more. His limbs had reattached in an instant…without his feeling anything. Mentally he commanded each arm and leg to move, and they did. Victor raised himself then stood just as easily as he had when he’d first come out of the grave. Even his clothes were restored.
This is insane. It goes against all the rules…medicine, nature, logic.
But the rules had changed, and drastically. New parameters had been added, old ones had been modified, and many quite simply no longer existed.
Jack brushed nonchalantly at a piece of dust on the shoulder of his suit. “I rebuilt you in the same instant I changed back into this human form. Power is everything, don’t you think?” He held up a gloved finger. “Never forget what happens to you down here. When you go back up, you will take part in Tobias’ plan. If you fail in that task, you will be returned to me, and then you will be mine for all eternity.”
Had he been alive, Victor would have been paralyzed by fear.
He existed at the mercy of this unholy being.
“Follow me,” Jack ordered. He turned and strode down the tunnel, away from the elevator and the passage to the world above. Victor followed. He glanced back at the elevator from time to time, and each time it got smaller and smaller, until it completely disappeared from view. They continued down the scarlet hallway, their shoes echoing wetly before and after them. At some point they passed doors, large metal doors, all painted black. Victor heard moans emanate from behind some of them, silence behind others and screams from still others.
Victor didn’t want to know what horror they were experiencing.
He and Jack walked on, seemingly for hours.
At some point, Jack halted before a similar black metal door and turned to face him.
“Yours,” Jack said.
Victor eyed the black metal door. It had a latch handle with a keyhole and a large bolt thick as his wrist above that. The purpose of the bolt and metal door was immediately apparent—they were meant to keep people in. There was a small opening in the door, around head-level. Three small vertical bars ran over the opening.
A jolt of power crackled through the air. The lock clicked open and metal screeched. The bolt turned itself upward then shrieked through the metal containment holders. The door swung slowly open.
As with Victor’s manacles, Jack hadn’t physically lifted a finger to get the door open.
A small cell. Not much larger than the walk-in closet of the master bedroom of his house. No cobwebs, no signs of rats. No furniture. Barren. Four walls, a ceiling and a floor hewn from rock. Victor considered another try for the distant elevator.
He wouldn’t make fifty feet before the beast would be upon him.
Jack gestured with a gloved hand for Victor to proceed inside the cell.
An invisible push helped him stumble in.
The door swung shut, the lock and bolt clicking and sliding into place. Jack’s glowing eyes peered through the barred opening in the door, so bright they lit the cell.
“Not quite like home, is it? Oh, I almost forgot,” Jack said, raising his index finger. “Just a moment…don’t go anywhere.” His insane laughter bounded off the stone walls and drilled into Victor’s ears. Outside, a rising tide of moans rose in response. 
Chapter Eleven

Ray’s skin crawled for some reason. 
“What’s this?” Clyde asked, holding up a sheet of paper while standing stiffly in the entrance of Ray’s cubicle.
Ah, the source of the creeps.
Ray swiveled his chair in Clyde’s direction. The lenses of his boss’s glasses reflected the glare of the overhead lights, masking his eyes and making him look possessed or crazy or something.
Ray figured he’d had about enough of Creepy Clyde.
“‘Scuse me?” he said, though he’d heard the man perfectly well.
“What am I holding here in my hand?”
Ray studied the object. “A piece of paper?” 
Clyde stared. At least Ray thought Clyde might be staring. He still couldn’t see past the glare in the man’s lenses.
“Funny,” Clyde said in a monotone. “You’re a funny guy, Ray. This doesn’t look like anything I assigned to you. Why do you want to know about people who died last spring?”
Panic lanced Ray’s stomach. Clyde had picked up Ray’s report from the laser printer.
“Oh, that! I’ve got to download some data for a report I’m working on for Jerry in Patient Accounting,” Ray explained, mentally scrambling. “He wanted that information for Utilization Review. Gave me a call last week requesting it, and I’m just now getting around to it. Why? Is there sensitive information on there or something?”
Clyde studied the page then handed it brusquely to Ray. “Just the usual. Remember, I’ve had to fire programmers for divulging hospital information, especially patient information. They’re not around anymore.” He emphasized the last.
Ray wondered why they’d hang around after being fired.
“Well,” Ray said, as nonchalantly as he could. “Jerry asked for it, so I’m giving it to him. He works with that kind of information every day.”
“Yeah, he sure does. I’m going to go up to Patient Accounting for a meeting at two today. I’ll have to ask Jerry why he’s tying up my programmer’s time with this stuff without filling out a request for service first.”
Ray forced his jaw to relax enough so he could talk. “He may not remember. They’re pretty busy over there and he calls a few times a week for little research items like this.”
Clyde’s blank glasses scrutinized him for a long moment, giving Ray an additional dose of the creeps.
“Yeah,” Clyde said.
Then he turned and walked away.
“You’re awfully spooky lately, Creepy,” Ray said, folding the piece of paper and sliding it into his pocket. Ray grabbed his coat and headed for the nearest exit. 
Ray vowed to bail out this weirdness…but first he wanted answers. 

*

Olde Towne Library in Old Town Alexandria was a severe-looking structure. In 1826 it had been converted from a courthouse originally constructed during colonial times. Looming brick walls, a roof with a pitch sharp enough to cut into the heavens, and twin pillars of intricately cut marble would have made a Roman architect drop to his knees in reverence.
As a courthouse it was meant to intimidate criminals and decent citizens alike, so that the power of the law would never be questioned. As a library it seemed cold and stale, a perfect place to harbor the ghosts of dispatched criminals and long-forgotten writers. 
Ray stepped out of the car. A blast of wind careened over the frozen Potomac River to greet him, stinging his face like slaps from a frozen hand and rocking him on his heels. He hunched forward and hustled between rows of thick hedges along a brick walkway.
He passed between the mighty pillars of the library, opened the door to the building and entered the pocket of warmth inside.
It was his first time at this particular library, the main branch of Alexandria. Usually he checked out books from the secondary branch closest to his apartment. Before him rose fifty rows of six-foot bookshelves, twenty or thirty rectangular reading tables of darkly stained wood and a single commanding reference desk adorned with a slew of computer monitors.
He found the microfiche tapes he needed and sat at the fiche reader like he was glued to the chair. With concerted intensity, he tracked and scanned the magnified images on the fiche as they passed by on his screen.
He clicked and zoomed, finger working the forward or reverse buttons. Each zoom sent white on black negative images whisking by in a blur, while the roll of microfiche screamed through the feeder. After zooming for a second or two, he had to stop and check where he was on the fiche. The reader needle descended down the left side of the monitor as more fiche passed from one side of the roll to the other.
Brought back memories. 
Last time he’d used one of these babies was during his senior year at William and Mary University, researching some project for a political science elective. That had been, God, over sixteen years ago.
After each zoom, he let up on the “go” button and the tape halted, giving him the opportunity to see the date at the top of the negative imprint of The Washington Post.
Beneath Ray’s forearm laid the computer report Clyde had snagged and suspiciously handed over. 
The report was the result of a quick and dirty program Ray had written this morning. A single page with twenty names and dates and addresses on it. Six of the names he’d immediately drawn lines through. They were women. Two of the men he’d drawn lines through also, since their home addresses were listed outside the area. 
The rest served as objects of his search—men who’d died at H.E.L.L. in the first week of April or the last week of March of the previous year. 
One of them had to be the guy in the gurney. 
The Post’s obituary column bold-faced names. Ray scanned through descriptions and studied the thumbnail-sized photographs.
The man strapped to the gurney early this morning was probably in his early to mid-forties. He didn’t have a lot of hair, but the blame lay with male genetics, not old age.
One of the possibilities was a forty-three year old man who died after battling pancreatic cancer for six months. No picture, but Ray marked through his name anyhow. The poor guy probably would have been emaciated, little more than a walking skeleton, skin and bone after the ravages of a year of cancer. Ray’s guy had appeared disheveled, but fairly robust.
Another two possibilities had been victims of car crashes. But the guy in the gurney didn’t have visible cuts or bruises. That wasn’t to say every crash victim had external trauma. Ray knew better. It was not a total rule-out, but the guy probably wasn’t one of these two, either.
Another click and zoom and Ray came upon April second of last year. There was a negative of a photograph in the obit. As with the others, it was small and not easy to discern. Ray scrutinized, and it took form.
His hands shook as he stared at the negative. He tried to gulp down the dry lump that had risen in his throat.
That’s him.
Ray had seen him for the second time in the dark hours of this very morning, his wrists in handcuffs as he was wheeled into the emergency room.
The desperate look on the man’s face haunted him at every turn. Now, a negative image of that same face showed on the microfiche screen. The two images flashed back and forth. Ray devoured the words in the obituary. 
Loving father, husband and prominent doctor died Tuesday. Victor Galloway is survived by his wife, Lenora, and their son, Walter. In lieu of flowers, please send a donation to…
Ray stopped reading. With a trembling finger, he pushed a button to make a printout. As the white light scanned across the page, he stared.
Victor Galloway died last year. Yet he was the same guy handcuffed to the gurney today. 
And Lenora Galloway, the new Director of Patient Utilization, must be Victor Galloway’s wife. 
Why had the hospital listed Victor Galloway as dead the first time? Maybe the computer records were wrong. But that didn’t explain the obituary in the Post. Surely, whoever called it in did not believe Galloway was still alive.
Ray scanned the next few days and weeks, looking for a retraction from the newspaper. He didn’t find one.
Early this morning, Galloway had been conscious and aware and…scared. Just like on April second of last year.
Does his wife know? His son?
Ray doubted it. Soon after Lenora Galloway started working as Director of Utilization at the hospital, Ray heard through the grapevine how difficult it had been for her after her husband’s death. 
He slumped back in the chair. He couldn’t take his eyes off the negative of Galloway’s calm face.
If it wasn’t the same guy, it was his clone.
He had to tell someone about this. Someone he could trust. That was easy enough, since only one person fell into that category.

*

Through a broad window, Ray watched the family van pull into the restaurant parking lot.
Like a movie star with gold reflective sunglasses, Ginny primped her hair in the rearview mirror then got out of the vehicle. Despite her heavy coat, she crossed her arms around her middle and almost ran to reach the door of Guiseppe’s Oven, the quaint Italian restaurant off of Duke Street in Old Town Alexandria where Ray waited inside.
As she hurried toward the door, her hair blew first over her face then behind her. A white stream appeared and was snatched from mouth as she exhaled.
As Ginny came closer, she noticed him sitting in the front corner of the restaurant and smiled at him through the window. He gave a short wave and smiled back. A stab in his chest nearly summoned a grimace. It’d been three weeks since she’d left her position at the hospital and went to work contracting for an insurance company, and seeing her now made him feel…lonely. It was like he was the only sane one at the hospital now. 
Ginny came in with the cold. The chill air invaded the warmth of the restaurant and penetrated for a lingering moment. The patrons closest to the door fidgeted before Giuseppe’s heaters banished the cold.
Her boots clacked on the tile floor.
Ray got up and they hugged. She felt good. Cold, but good. After helping her with her coat, he hung it next to his own on a brass coat hook on the wall.
“Wow,” she said, cocking a brow. “You must miss me. You never helped me with my coat before.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, smiling in spite of the chaos swirling in his mind. “Don’t get a swelled head or anything. And just for that, you can pull out your own chair.”
“Whew!” she exclaimed, sitting across from him. Her cheeks flushed red. “Cold as a mother out there, as you always say. Couldn’t you have at least made it a little warmer out?”
“I forgot I’m the weather wizard. You want it eighty degrees in the middle of winter? I’m the man to see.”
“Right now would be good. Can you do that, weather-boy?” she asked, sniffing twice and grabbing a menu from the middle of the table. She laid it down and looked it over.
“My powers seem to be on the wane lately.”
“Oh, what good are you?”
He almost laughed. “You haven’t changed.”
“Give me time. So, how are you doing?”
He shrugged. “Sure is quiet in the office without you around. I get an awful lot of work done.”
Pretty blue eyes glared above the menu. “Wise ass. What are you getting?”
“Calzone. You?”
“Something hot, you can bet on that.”
The waitress set down a glass of ice water that Ginny looked at with disdain.
“Can I get a cup of coffee?” she asked.
“Sure,” the waitress said, nodding. 
“The hotter the better,” Ginny added, sniffing.
“Okay. Do you want to order now?”
They did.
Ray stared out the window as the waitress left.
“Hey, she’s cute and you didn’t even check her out,” Ginny said. “You sick?”
“I wish. I keep trying to sort things out, and nothing’s making any sense.”
“You sounded a little anxious on the phone. Going to clue me in?”
“Yeah, after we eat. How’s your new job?”
They chatted through lunch. Afterward, he scooted a little closer to the table, studied Ginny’s face for a moment then handed her the screen print he’d made of Victor Galloway’s obituary.
“What’s this?” she asked, reading the obit.
He waited until she was finished. “I saw him on the day he died last year. I was there when they wheeled him into the emergency room. . He stared right at me. He had to be in terrible pain, yet he kept staring at me.”
Ginny’s expression softened. “That’s terrible, but that was a year ago.”
“Doesn’t end there. See, I was on-call last night. I had to fix a job at two in the morning.”
“I don’t follow.”
“I went out for a smoke and a little walk while the job ran. Ambulance pulled up. They brought out a guy in a gurney—this same Victor Galloway. They wheeled him into the emergency room…again. Just like the first time, last April.”
She blinked.
“It’s the same guy. I swear it is,” he said.
“There must be a mistake,” she said. “Maybe the paper got it wrong last year.”
“No. We’ve got him in the system as being dead, and there was a funeral and everything. There’s no evidence he didn’t die the first time.”
“But Ray, surely there’s some other explanation. Maybe you were so tired you had some kind of flashback or dream or something. You know, it was probably another man who just happened to look like this Galloway guy, although as a woman I sure wouldn’t forget that handsome face.”
Ray stared at a bunch of garlic cloves clumped together in netting and tacked to the wall. He had been pretty tired last night. Was he just comparing the guy from last night with Victor Galloway because one situation was almost identical to the other?
But the guy had looked so familiar, so much like the Galloway of a year ago.
He rubbed his eyes, felt the burn there.
Ginny watched him.
“You’ve got to be right,” he told her. “I’m probably just putting the two incidents together because they’re so similar.”
He reached over, picked up the copy of the obituary and stared at it for a moment, flicking a corner with his thumb. Then he folded it and put it in his pocket.
“User error?” she prompted.
“There’s been some pretty strange stuff happening at the hospital.”
“Oh?”
Ray told her about the incident with Clyde and what went down in the doctors’ and nurses’ private dining hall.
“Something’s going on in H.E.L.L.,” Ray said. “Something dirty.”
She nodded, then gazed out the window. “I…didn’t want to spook you while I was working there because I knew you were staying on, but I got some bad vibes during my last year there. I can’t really explain why, but I had this never-ending feeling of uneasiness, and that I was, well, being watched all the time. And not just to check productivity.”
“Ditto.”
“I thought maybe I was going a little nuts. The others in our department didn’t look like anything was bothering them, but you know they all clique together, and a lot of what I felt came from them. I felt like an outsider, except around you. I could have stuck it out, but the feeling that something was just plain wrong was the real reason why I left. I…I didn’t know if you felt it, too.”
He nodded. “Maybe not so much at first, but I’m sure as hell feeling it now.”
She looked at him. “You have to get out of there.”
“Do you still have job openings at your place?”
“Yeah. Two or three. You’d be a shoo-in. You have an updated resume?”
He handed her one.
“You really have been feeling it,” she said, taking the resume. “Do you think the hospital’s operating illegally, or that you’re in danger?”
“Both.”
Ginny bit at her fingernails, something he’d seen her do only on rare occasions. “You have to get out of there. Don’t even go back today. Nothing’s worth sticking around that place. Quit, Ray.”
“I should. But I only have a few hundred dollars in my account. Just can’t help spending money on camera stuff. No, I’ve got to hang on until I find something definite.”
“I’ll give you a loan,” she said.
“You’ve got a family to support. This is small and it’s on me. Thanks for being my therapist.”
“Ray, you just said you didn’t have money—”
He held up his hand. “I’ve got enough for lunch. Kind of a good-to-see-you-and-thanks-for-coming-out-on-such-short-notice kind of thing. I…I didn’t mean to unload on you, Ginny, but out of my legions of friends, you were the only one who could break away on such short notice.”
Ginny smiled, and the warmth of it made him forget it was ever cold outside. She reached over the table and squeezed his hand. “You watch yourself in that hell-hole, Ray. Get out as soon as you can. Call me anytime. In the meantime, I’ll talk to my manager and hand him your resume.” 
She rose from the table and he helped her with her coat. They hugged, said goodbye, and she walked out the door and into the cold. At the van, she waved, her long hair whipping in the wind. Ray returned the wave, then sat and watched her drive off. As soon as the van disappeared, emptiness fell around him like a black shroud. 
Chapter Twelve

Crimson light from the tunnel oozed through the small opening beneath Victor’s cell door. It formed a glowing pool at his feet then rose steadily higher until he was submerged in it.
Victor loathed the glow. It never wavered. It offered no testimony of time’s passage.
It provided no sanctuary from his thoughts.
He could have sat on the floor, but his muscles didn’t seem to tire when he stood still. Besides, the end result would have been the same—there would be no relief for his mind, which churned with visions of the undead running amok in the hospital above him and of the beast tearing him apart.
He wondered if the undead could sleep. If so, he didn’t know how.
He tried. Sat with his back to a stone wall and closed his eyes for several long moments, only to stand soon thereafter. There hadn’t been the slightest hint of approaching unconsciousness.
He stared at the door, at the heavy iron of it. He strode with purpose toward it, braced his legs wide and pulled at the metal ring that served as a handle. At first, he pulled lightly, then with all his unnatural strength. The door didn’t groan, didn’t even rattle against the lock.
Victor backed away and stood in the center of the cell.
He rushed the door, lowering his shoulder an instant before slamming into it. He rebounded and fell. When he looked up, the door didn’t have a dent on it. 
He wouldn’t be breaking out anytime soon.
Time passed without measure. 
Hunger groaned within him, gnawed at his ribs.
Not the hunger of a normal, living being. It started growing within him, becoming more intense with each passing moment until it drove his mind down undesirable and dark avenues. Horrible images manifested, visions of striking down the living, killing them, feeding upon their organs like a beast.
Insanity reared.
Can the undead go insane?
Good question. He had to get his mind straight. He must fight the dark impulses, the hunger, the insanity. 
The door latch suddenly clicked and the heavy bolt slid screeched. The sounds echoed throughout his small cell. The door swung inward, letting in more red haze from the tunnel before two figures filled the doorway. Had Victor been alive, he would have seen only silhouettes, but the undead saw through darkness every bit as well as the living could on an overcast day. Jack faced Victor. Beside him struggled a naked woman. 
A live woman.
Jack’s hand grasped her throat.
She tried to pull away, long hair swaying from side to side. She made low, whimpering noises. He was choking her.
“Stop!” Victor cried, charging forward. “Let her go. I’ll do what you want, damn you! Just let her go.”
“I’m afraid it’s not that easy, Victor,” Jack replied, ice in his tone. “I’m not convinced, you realize. A clever man like yourself is not swayed so easily. But here…she’s yours.” He flung the woman away from him as if she were a rag doll.
With strangled cry, she careened into Victor. He caught her before she fell to the stone floor.
Her bare shoulders hitched as she gasped for breath, eyes wide with terror. He felt her neck gently with his fingers. Her windpipe hadn’t been crushed, nor had the hyoid bones of her throat. It was a wonder, since her neck was the color of concord grapes. He turned hotly in Jack’s direction. “You nearly killed her!” 
Jack cocked his head to the side, a puzzled expression on his angular countenance. “You mean she’s all right?”
Too late he realized his blunder. He stared at Jack, hating him and Tobias and the rest of the undead as he’d never hated anything in either of his lives.
“I must be losing my touch,” Jack said. “Here…”
Too fast for Victor to react, Jack darted inside the cell and slapped Victor with a stinging blow that whipped his head over his shoulder. Jack snatched the woman from Victor’s arms. Victor staggered, but regained his composure. He lunged, fist cocked, only to realize that as fast as his undead reflexes were, he was too slow. A blur of a side-kick lashed out and slammed him against the back wall. Jack grabbed the woman by the side of the neck and lifted her off the ground. “Ah, here we go!”
Her feet kicked air.
In a savage motion, Jack jerked her head down and to the side, so that her ear nearly met with her collarbone. Victor heard a sickening crack! like a dry branch snapping in two. The girl moaned, dull amazement inscribed upon her pale face. Jack let her go and she collapsed in a tangle of limbs to the floor.
“Bastard!” Victor cried. With a lunge he closed the gap and swung with fury. 
The monster of the tunnel danced out of the way as if avoiding the blows of a child. “Really, Victor, you shouldn’t call me names like that,” he said, laughing. “She’s yours! Enough fresh food to keep you going for at least a week or two.”
“Bastard! I’ll never do it!”
“You will do it—if you don’t want your family to become what you are now.” He cradled his narrow chin between his thumb and forefinger, appearing thoughtful. “Hm. Perhaps we could even arrange something else for Lenora and little Walter. Perhaps a nice long stay with me down here.”
Victor halted.
Jack stood in the middle of the tunnel, arms crossed. The iron door slammed shut, seemingly of its own accord. The bolt slid home with a grating metallic screech. Jack peered through the small opening, his clean-shaven face smirking behind the bars.
Victor knelt beside the woman, who looked up at him in wide-eyed terror. Her jaw trembled, which caused her teeth to chatter. She was going into shock. Her temperature was dropping as her body tried to combat the trauma that had been brutally inflicted upon it. Victor stripped off his suit jacket and put it over the woman as quickly and carefully as he could. It was long enough to cover some of her nakedness, though her legs from mid-thigh down were exposed. He tucked the jacket around her, knowing she needed to keep warm if she was going to live.
“How very chivalrous, Doctor Galloway,” Jack scoffed, from behind the door. “She’s still going to die, you realize.”
“Not if I can help it.”
“But you can’t help it. Inside you already know it. I cracked her at C1. Already her organs are shutting down, ready to be feasted upon by you so that you may continue your existence.”
“To hell with my existence!”
“But you’re already here, my friend.”
“I’ll take no part in this. Damn you and Tobias! I’ll rot down here before taking any role in your schemes.”
Jack smiled as if he were dealing with an insubordinate child. “Oh, I think you will take part in this. You realize it would be very easy for Tobias’ men to draft Lenora and young Walter into the ranks of the undead. Very easy. I know, because he’s done it before to other family members…even if they were, shall we say, less than willing. But you have the power to keep that from happening, Victor.
“Tobias and I have decided we don’t want you for all eternity. No, no. Instead, we’ll draft a written agreement that will state you’ll work in the hospital performing your duties without incident. Should you adhere to the agreement, we’ll keep your family out of the business. What do you say?”
“Term?”
“Two years.”
“Two years!”
“It’ll go by very quickly, you realize. Very quickly.”
On his knees, Victor gazed down at the dying woman. He smoothed the damp hair from her face. Already her breathing was shallow. Her eyes were becoming distant. Fortunately for her, she felt no pain. She was in shock, and that provided at least some measure of mercy for her.
“Leave us, demon,” Victor said. “You and I have nothing else to discuss.”
Jack sighed. “I see… You want to wait until after this cow has expired. You should have been around in King Arthur’s time, Victor. You would have fit right in. In fact, you would have liked Arthur. I’ll be back.”
Jack’s face and the glowing slits he had for eyes disappeared from the opening in the door. Moans and screams from the other cells followed him down the tunnel. Victor heard Jack’s high-pitched laughter for a moment and then no more.
Victor, still on his knees, tried to tighten his ragged suit coat around the woman. It was so inadequate. He was so inadequate. She needed blankets, traction and ice around her spine to keep the swelling down. She needed a doctor who could help her, not some monster from the grave.
Air hissed in and out of her throat in ragged gasps. Her eyes, so wide that the whites showed completely around the blue of her irises, were filled with terror. They pinned to the wall whatever remained of Victor’s soul.
Her lips moved.
“Shh. Don’t talk,” he said, trying to appear calm and reassuring.
Her ragged breathing slowed. Her eyelids lowered a millimeter, but her gaze remained fixed upon him. Again, her lips moved despite the tremors in her jaw.
She tried so hard to talk to him.
He grasped her hand and held it up high enough that she could see he held it. He cupped the side of her face, and she appeared to calm down a little more. Her lips, though, so red and filled with blood, still moved. Victor leaned closer…heard the faintest whisper escape.
“W-who are you?” she asked.
Who was he? Good question. Then he brushed off the disgusting self-pity, angered he’d even thought of himself at a time like this. “I’m a… I’m a doctor. Don’t talk, it robs you of your strength.”
“I’m going to die,” she whispered.
What was the point in lying to her? She was the victim of Jack’s violence; she knew what he’d done to her. Didn’t she deserve to know the truth so she could prepare herself for the final moments of her life?
Victor caressed her head, the only part of her body that still registered sensation, and nodded.
Tears welled in her eyes, glistened in the subdued red haze that filtered through the opening in the door. Her mouth twisted downward in a mask of sorrow; her chin quivered. Tears ran from the corners of her eyes to streak through the dirt on the sides of her face.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “I don’t understand any of this. It’s like Hell’s gates have opened and the demons have run out. I’m sorry for what they’ve done to you.”
Her whisper became strained and intense. “They…told me they’d take my family if I didn’t cooperate. Told me they’d do worse…than kill them. Can they do that?”
“I’m afraid so. They did to me.”
The veins in her forehead suddenly protruded from her pale flesh. “Please stop them! Oh, God, please! Tobias told me you were different. Wanted me…to beg you to help them. Said they wouldn’t take my family, or yours, if you helped them. They want you to sign a contract. But that won’t be enough for them…I know it won’t! They’ll blackmail you for…years if you don’t stop them somehow.”
Victor looked up at the wall. So, they wanted to use her to persuade him to cooperate—only she wasn’t cooperating like they wanted her to. She was so brave. Braver than he was.
“They have to be destroyed,” she whispered harshly. “Please! They’ll do whatever they want to do in the end…no matter what they tell you. Don’t let them take any more like us. Don’t let them get to our families. Please, Doctor.”
He’d weighed the notion before, but now it was set in stone. He would fight them. Maybe he couldn’t destroy them all—Tobias, his people, Jack—but he could damned well try. Maybe this was his purpose in returning from death.
Maybe God needed someone like him to work on the inside against Tobias.
Maybe.
One thing was certain. He had to try to destroy them before they became even more powerful.
Victor nodded. “I’ll do everything I can, or die trying.”
She breathed in relief. “Thank you.”
But the spark of life dimmed in her gaze. Victor thought the end was at hand, but she surprised him by staring at him once more and whispering another question. “Who…?”
“Who did this to you? A demon. More than that, I don’t know. Some kind of goddamned demon.”
Her eyes shifted from side to side. Victor decided she was mimicking the shaking of her head since she could no longer move her own. She didn’t want to know who Jack was, he thought. She probably already knew.
“You?” she whispered, barely audible.
Death’s arms opened for her.
Victor understood. She wanted his name, wanted to know the name of the person in whose presence she would perish. 
“Victor. My name is Victor Galloway. I was a doctor in my other life.”
A slight tugging at her upper lip. Incredibly, she smiled. “Ginny Travers,” she whispered. “Please destroy these monsters…Victor. Do what you have to do to destroy them. Please…”
“I’ll try, Ginny. I’ll try.”
She blinked, so slowly. Her way of nodding.
Even close to death, her beauty remained. Brave and beautiful. Humanity, whatever measure was left to him, sought to comfort her in her last moments, while his soul screamed at the injustice of her approaching death.
Fairness applied to philosophy. Not life. Certainly not death.
Death had no morals. 
Ginny’s eyelids lowered over her soft brown eyes, covered the waning light within them until finally her eyelids softly closed. Victor held her as she became completely calm. She appeared to sleep.
A hiss of air escaped her lungs.
He held her close as she crossed the threshold into eternity.
He swore he could feel her soul unfetter itself and rise from its mortal shell.
Solace came in knowing she would not have to endure a moment more of this hellish place. 
Red glow permeated the small cell. And silence. No sounds echoed in the tunnel outside. It was as if the other prisoners of this part of Hell knew the woman had died, and they sensed she’d died with honor. Victor wished he were alive, but this time not to erase the obscenity of undeath that had been forced upon him. No, this time he wished he were alive so he could mourn Ginny Travers, whom he had met only minutes earlier.
He wanted to cry for this brave woman who’d died in his arms. As one of the undead, he could not summon tears.

*

Victor stared at Ginny’s face for a long time. He used the cleanest parts of his sleeve to wipe the smudges from her face. This innocent woman, naked except for the dirty coat he’d provided for her, should have died of disease, or in an accident, or grown old gracefully and died of natural causes. She should have had lots of giggling grandchildren running through her house before she died.
Instead, she’d been murdered down here, in this cell, in this hellish glowing tunnel, before his very eyes.
It was perverse. All of this was a perversion.
Including the monster who had murdered her. He watched now through the opening in the door.
“What do you want?” Victor asked without turning.
“It’s time for you to eat, Victor. Her organs will only be of use for a few more hours. After that, they will lose whatever life force they held.”
“I can’t do it. I won’t do it.”
But the traitorous organ that was his undead stomach betrayed him. He felt it coil and thrash about inside his torso, writhing in its need for the sustenance that lay within Ginny’s body.
Jack made a tut-tut kind of noise. “You must do it, you realize. There is no alternative. We can’t be force-feeding you all the time.”
“Not her… Not like this!”
“Precisely like this.”
Victor whipped around and stared into the glowing coals of Jack’s eyes. “I’ll sign your damned contract. I’ll work for Tobias in the hospital. I’ll force down whatever they feed me up there, but I cannot touch this woman!”
“Sorry, Victor. Not good enough. She is here and you are here. Surely you don’t want her sacrifice to be in vain?”
He could not do it!
Victor looked away as his only true course of action became clear; he would help no one by remaining in this cell for eternity.
“Victor?”
Fuck you, Jack, or whatever your real name is.
“Victor, time is running out.”
He silently swore to destroy the monster of the tunnel.
He rose, reached for the rock wall with both hands and squeezed. His fingers bit into it and the rock cracked audibly. Dust particles, colored red by the light of the tunnel, poured to the floor like blood from a deep cut.
Victor’s teeth clenched.
Jack laughed. “You can use my fountain pen.” He pushed it through the opening in the door and it dropped to the floor.
“I want written in my contract that my length of service is one year only, that my family and Ginny Travers’ family will never be harmed or become part of this. And, at the end of one year, I can end this…existence of the damned.”
A sheet of paper followed the pen.
Victor glanced at the paper then back at Jack. “Did you hear what I said?” He nearly choked on his rage.
“It’s in there, Doctor. I didn’t think you’d be stupid enough to accept the two-year deal.”
Victor picked up the pen and paper from the floor. He held the contract up to the light. It had four paragraphs in it, the first declaring that Victor Galloway shall work as a surgeon/physician for Randolph Tobias, aiding in the harvesting of food for Tobias. The other paragraphs addressed the very items Victor had demanded only moments before. There was a line for Victor to sign on. He placed the head of the pen on it and scrawled, but no ink came out.
“How am I supposed to sign with this?” he asked, disgusted.
“Blood, Victor. I want it signed in red blood.”
“I’ve got black sludge in my veins now, remember?”
“She has plenty.”
Victor looked down at Ginny’s body then back to the demon at the cell door. “God damn you.”
“He already has. Now, you can sign before or after you have your dinner… I don’t care.”
“Not with you here.”
“Shy, are we? That’s fine. I’ll know what you’ve done after you’ve done it, you realize.”
Jack’s face disappeared from the opening. Victor no longer felt his immediate presence.
Victor knelt and took Ginny’s hand. It was stiffening with the onset of rigor mortis.
“Forgive me,” he begged her. Then he kissed the back of her hand and laid it gently on the rock floor.
Slowly, he removed his coat from her body. 
Chapter Thirteen

“Doing all right, bud?” Lenora asked, glancing over her shoulder at Walt while stirring the broccoli with a long-handled wooden spoon.
“Yeah,” he said, intent on his coloring book. Satisfied, Lenora let her gaze wander the broad kitchen window behind her son. Large beads of condensation had formed on the inside edges of it as she baked chicken and boiled water for the rice and broccoli. Now that she’d lowered the oven temperature and turned down the burners, the condensation was freezing into ice crystals before her eyes, creating strangely twisted patterns on the glass that lured and captured her gaze.
She shuddered and chastised herself for doing so. It was downright toasty here in front of the stove. A little ice on the window shouldn’t have made her think she was cold.
She turned back to the stove, put a dab of margarine on the vegetables and pulled a drumstick from the pan for Walt’s plate.
Walt hummed softly as he colored at the kitchen table.
After preparing his plate and letting it cool on the counter-top, Lenora took a break and leaned against the edge of the counter. She glanced at her son then once again felt the pull of the ice crystals on the window. Her gaze followed the silver, twisting patterns that played on the black backdrop of night.
With a blink, she realized she’d again been drawn in, lost in thought while staring at the strange patterns. She frowned. What had she been thinking of? Whatever it was, it left behind an ominous residue she couldn’t account for.
Getting ditsy, old girl? Alzheimer’s setting in a little early?
She looked at Walt. He’d stopped humming. The only sound in the kitchen was the clicking of the oven as it slowly cooled. The place needed some background music.
From the small wooden carousel next to the boom box on the counter, she made a selection. Pausing, she pressed the edge of the CD to her lips and tried to fend off the barrage of what-ifs that suddenly attacked her.
How would she tell Walt she was going on a date? Dr. Gene Mills, Director of Radiology at Potomac Hospital and former acquaintance of Victor’s, had asked her to a movie. It was time to consider a social life again. Was that so terrible?
She bounced the disk off her lips as guilt flooded her.
Walt would not understand. 
She snapped the CD into the player. It was jazz, one of many from Victor’s collection. This one was Stanley Baird, an accomplished saxophonist who did a mix of covers and his own innovative stuff. She found she played this tape a lot. It wasn’t too sleepy nor too wild, just right for dinner. Pressing the play button, she listened for a moment as the smooth tones issued forth, adjusted the volume so it would play a little louder and walked back to the stove. Since Victor’s death, she played a lot more music. Victor had loved his jazz and blues. It was rare to find him home without hearing the likes of Tom Scott or Buddy Guy.
“I don’t like chicken, Mommy,” Walt declared, using an orange marker to fill in Batman’s cape in the coloring book, his tongue protruding from the corner of his mouth to help him concentrate.
“You liked chicken three days ago, and last week and every other time I’ve cooked it.”
“Well,” he said, rolling his eyes to the ceiling and tilting his head, a pensive look on his face. After the show, he went back to the book. “I just don’t like chicken now. How ‘bout something else?” She wondered where he’d picked up that little ditty. Surely she didn’t roll her eyes like that. “‘Something else’ is not on the menu. Chicken is. Plus rice and greens. Do you want ketchup with your chicken?”
“Yeah, love ketchup. Do you like ketchup, Mommy?”
This time, he’d been easy. “Sure do.”
“And can I have chocolate milk with my dinner?”
“Thanks for asking, but no, you can’t have chocolate milk. How about regular milk?”
“But I want…”
“Didn’t I pack you a chocolate milk carton in your lunch for school today?”
“Yes, but I still—”
“That’s it, then. Only one chocolate milk a day. Besides, you’d drink it all up and be too full for your real food. Chocolate milk isn’t going to make you big and strong.”
With a sigh, he continued coloring in the book. “Okay.”
She withdrew a mug from the cabinet and opened the refrigerator door.
“Where’s my chicken?” Walt demanded.
“Just hold your horses. I only have two hands, you know.”
“That’s all anybody has.”
She smiled at his knowledge of the world. “Yeah, but sometimes I need four to keep up with you.”
He laughed a kind of imitation adult laugh, the kind of laugh a veteran ambassador might make while having light conversation with foreign dignitaries at a formal dinner.
Lenora placed the dinner and regular milk on the table before Mr. Ambassador, then got some for herself and sat across the table. She decided that Walt, at almost four, was too young to know how to imitate the polite laughter of adults. Lenora turned to the window, tried to peer into the void of black that had settled in around the house. She hated how it became dark so soon in the wintertime.
Back to the real issue. How was she going to break it to him? After all, she hadn’t been out socially for a long time, and when she had gone out to meet friends on rare occasions at restaurants, she’d taken Walt with her.
“Done, Mommy.”
“Already?”
“See?” He pointed to his plate.
The chicken had vanished, and half the veggies. Ready to play with some toys in the family room, he slid off the kitchen chair while she cleaned up the kitchen.
“Wait a minute, bud, I want to talk to you. You know, Mommy hasn’t been out for a long time.”
He froze, his brows furrowing. “You went out to work today just like I went to school. Silly Mommy.”
“No, I mean out. Like after work.”
“Well, we go to the health club. We go a lot.”
“To see a friend, Walt. I mean to see a friend.”
Walt leaned on the table toward her. Then he held his hands, palms up, as if trying to explain something to a thickheaded mule. “But we saw…we saw Stephanie, and Linda, and Lilly…David’s mom…on the last week.”
“Honey, Mommy wants to see one of her friends alone this time. Tracy will baby-sit for you while I’m gone.”
She might as well have slapped him. His face went slack, his jaw dropped open then quickly shut. He tensed. Tears welled and made his eyes glisten.
Lenora felt her shoulders creep up her neck as Walt’s chin quivered.
Oh, shit. 
She was a horrible mother.
But another part of her held on to her resolve. You’ve got to get on with it sometime.
Tears spilled at the same time as his next question. “Why can’t I go?”
Kneeling in front of him, she stared into his huge, frightened eyes. “I’m only going to be gone for a couple hours. You’ll be asleep…”
He lunged for her and hugged her as though his life depended on it. “No!” he wailed. “I don’t want you to go! No, Mommy! Don’t leave me!”
Smoothing his hair, she spoke gently but firmly into his ear. “Mommy just needs a little time alone with her friends. You wouldn’t want Mommy to be playing with you and Jeremy all the time, would you?”
His wail faded into a soft, feathery cry that sounded entirely too much like pure anguish. It disturbed her much more than the wail had.
“We like when you play with us,” he whispered. “You can always play with me and Jeremy.”
Blocked.
Try again.
“Honey, when you get older, you need to go out and do things alone every now and then. Not all the time, but once in a while.” His tone became more insistent, steadily working its way back up to the wail. “But…but you said you’re going to be with a friend, Mommy. You won’t be alone!”
As he cried, his shoulders hitched into her collarbone. His breath came in short gasps as he worked himself up even more. She pushed him gently from her so that she could look at him, so he could see her face as she spoke.
As soon as she saw the tears streaking, one after the other, down his tortured face, she knew he’d won. She wasn’t going to force it on him. Not tonight. Maybe she’d try again next week, but no more tonight. He knew what she wanted, and yes, he was going to win this time, but the more she brought it up the more he’d grow accustomed to the idea. At least, that was her theory.
He’ll still cry, but I will go out in the end.
Sometime.
Hugging him close, she calmed him by telling him she’d changed her mind and didn’t want to go out.
The relief that flooded his features made her cry.
After using a napkin to wipe her eyes and blow her nose, she picked up the phone. “Gene? Lenora. Hey, I’m so sorry… I can’t make it tonight.”
A moment of conversation and it was done. 
She registered the disappointment in his voice. Though he’d said he understood, she wondered if he really did. She didn’t really have much in common with Gene anyway. Probably wouldn’t be much of a date. For instance, he was no Ray Brennan.
She wondered if Ray even considered her a prospect. Wondered what he might have found out about her, if anything. She’d found out he was available.
Later that night, she and Walt sat on the couch together in the warmth of the family room. For possibly the hundredth time, he watched a video of one of his favorite movies while she read a book. Suddenly, he turned to her. He looked scared. Putting the book down, she hugged him to her side.
“What’s wrong, honey?”
“I don’t want you to leave me.”
“I won’t leave you. If I go out with a friend, it’ll only be for a few hours. Okay?”
Ignoring the movie, he studied the carpet for several moments.
“Daddy’s in trouble, Mommy.” Walt grimaced and he started to cry uncontrollably. “Someone’s hurting my daddy!”
Her book tumbled to the floor.
“Oh, Walt…no! Nobody’s hurting your daddy. He’s…”
“A bad man is hurting my daddy! I know a bad man is hurting my daddy! Mommy, I’m scared for him!”
She pulled Walt close.
After whispering in soothing tones that Daddy was with God and that God would keep Daddy safe, she suggested they both pray.
Getting down on their knees in the family room, their elbows on the couch, they prayed for God to keep Victor safe. Walt’s hands strained against each other as he clasped them together. With his fingers turning white, Walt prayed with a desperation that frightened Lenora.
When she held him again, she found the tension had turned her little boy rigid as a statue.
Lenora thought she understood. Walt feared she’d leave for a date and never return. After all, his daddy had left and never returned. Fearing for Victor, including Victor in his prayers, provided the only means to protect his father’s soul…
Perhaps.
Walt couldn’t really believe trouble had somehow found Victor in the afterlife. 
Could he? 
Chapter Fourteen

Victor sat with his back against the stone wall, legs propped up, elbows on his knees, head cradled in blood-stained hands. Before him lay the desecrated body of Ginny Travers. She’d been dignified in her final moments of life. He’d acted like an animal after she died.
He had committed an obscenity.
He’d fed on another human.
Slowly at first, then in a frenzy as the nourishment reached the hated organ that had been his stomach. The organ had seized control over him. It drove his actions as if he were no more than a slave to its needs.
God have mercy on Ginny. And on his own shriveled soul.
After the feeding concluded and the driving force of the organ waned, he’d slowly regained control of himself, remembering the body before him on the cold stone floor was more than sustenance for his perverse hunger. This body had housed the spirit of a living human being, a woman named Ginny Travers.
She’d told him to do it. For the sake of their families, she wanted him to do what needed to be done then find a way to destroy these monsters.
It had been her dying wish.
Now he sat, head in hands. His hunger, satiated. His body felt keen, rejuvenated, no longer running on half-power. He was stronger and his mind sharper than it’d ever been.
Now, he understood some aspects of this unholy existence. The organs of the recently deceased were more than mere sustenance to the undead. They were an addiction. They brought power and the ability to feel the world. Without such nourishment, the undead slid farther into the gaping maw of true death. 
Victor cursed himself for a bastard. He should be dead and buried, not feeling like Superman. 
Yet…he had to do it.
Before performing the deed, he’d covered Ginny’s beautiful face with the coat, for even with her eyes closed and the hunger driving him, he’d had to mask her identity.
If he were alive, he’d be insane now. 
He wondered that he didn’t vomit. But then, he’d already established his undead stomach wasn’t the same stomach he’d had when he was alive, and it had no qualms about consuming the organs of the living. Quite the opposite—it relished doing so.
Victor squeezed his head and tried to banish the images of feeding upon her. It didn’t work.
Again, he covered Ginny Travers’ body with his suit coat, except now the coat had stark red smears on it.

*

Shuffling steps from the tunnel. Victor raised his head and listened. It wasn’t Jack. The heels of Jack’s shoes clacked like hooves when he was in the guise of a man, and as the beast he moved as silently as a shadow. Either way, Jack didn’t shuffle his feet.
Moans emanated from the tunnel. They grew stronger as the footsteps approached. The moans originated from the other cells; others who, like himself, were getting an education on Hell.
The shuffling continued.
Victor stepped reverently around Ginny Travers’ corpse. At the cell door he peered through the small opening.
A bony man dressed in tattered clothes dragged something behind him. He had scraggly hair and a filthy beard and his head listed at an extreme angle. He was undead, but his movements were slow, as if he hadn’t had nourishment in a long time. He stopped at the double door opposite Victor’s cell and fished in the pocket of his torn jeans for something.
The undead had dragged the naked corpse of a man. Arms were locked close to its body, legs were crossed at the ankles and bound by the grey slash of duct tape. Rigor mortis stiffened the entire body. The upturned face was a mask of anguish. Deeply recessed lines branched from the corners of its eyes and lips, as if the man had screamed for so long the pattern had been carved into his face. The moans from the adjacent cells grew louder, as if mourning the dead man. Or were they moans brought on by unholy hunger? The bearded undead let go of the corpse’s ankles. The lower body hit the tunnel floor with the soft thud of bone and skin meeting rock. The upper body rose in teeter-totter fashion.
The torso had been split open. Bare white ribs showed in the crimson glow of the tunnel. The cavity had been stripped of its contents. The body was nothing but a husk of a human being.
It had been harvested.
The impact with the floor revealed something else. A section of scalp flopped over the man’s face, revealing a hollowed skull.
God, even the brain.
The undead who had dragged the corpse continued to fish in his threadbare jeans. He grinned over his shoulder at Victor. Rotting teeth spliced with dangling, rotten gums.
“Eyes are mine!” he told Victor. “Eyes are mine! Don’t get the real thing no more, but eyes are mine.”
He yanked a spoon from his pocket, and a key.
Before Victor could look away, the undead plunged the spoon into the left eye socket of the victim.
Victor turned his head.
When he turned back, the undead’s face hovered inches away, filling the small opening in the doorway. Paper-thin flesh clung in patches to his face, and in several areas the bones of jaw, cheek and forehead shone through. The undead’s jaw worked as he chewed.
Victor took a step back.
“What’sa matter, new boy? Don’t like the eyes? Eyes’re precious. Wait…what’s this?” He peered into Victor’s cell with his own bulging eyes. “Well, now! You got fresh meat in there. No wonder you don’t want the eyes. Eyes ain’t nothin’ when you got fresh meat!”
“Go away.”
“Too proud, eh?” the man said, cackling with laughter. “Yeah, I was too proud once. That was nineteen hundred an’ eighty-two, when I used to be a lawyer! Come on, boy, give poor old Larry a taste, eh?”
The undead’s face disappeared and his dirty arm, little more than bone and tendon covered by a thin veneer of dried, wrinkled flesh, thrust through the bars and grasped Victor’s shoulder with claw-like fingers.
Victor jerked away, abhorred. Then he grabbed the bony appendage and wrenched with all the horror and rage inside him. The man slammed against Victor’s steel door and cried out in surprise. Bone erupted from socket. Tendons snapped like taught steel wires. Victor wrenched the arm completely through the opening, the tendons dragging behind it like limp snakes.
Larry howled.
“My arm! My damned arm! You conniver! You dirty fuckin’ new boy. Gimme back my arm. I can’t fix it with no proper food in my belly. Damn you, new boy!”
Larry swore and pleaded, striking at the air with his only arm. He whirled around in one spot, his feet shuffling in a macabre dance.
The moans from the hallway changed to laughter.
A grimace played upon the skull-like face.
Victor could see the undead was not so much in pain as in shock and fear. He didn’t give a damn. He lined the arm up with the opening and shoved it back through the bars. It hit the undead in his bony back and fell to the floor. The undead snatched it up with his other hand.
“The eyes! Did the eyes give me enough power?” Larry muttered over and over again. With his good hand he jammed the shoulder bone back into the empty socket. Of their own accord the tendons rose, swayed back and forth as if unsure of their direction then snaked their way back into the host, completing the act. The arm hung again at Larry’s side.
“Praise the eyes,” Larry said, scowling over his shoulder at Victor. “It won’t move unless I get more eyes, but it’s there. Bad fuckin’ new boy. Bad, bad, bad!”
Victor stared in disgust. He wanted the guy to bring that ugly head just a little closer.
But Larry turned and with his good hand pushed a key into the lock of one of the double doors. A click sounded, then he shoved the doors inward.
The red tunnel sprang into bright blue. A hulk of thick metal dominated the room opposite Victor’s cell. The door was wide open, and inside floated a wall of blue flame, waiting to be put to use. Mounds of ash rose and surrounded the incinerator.
Larry dragged the corpse before the flames and fed it, little by little, inside. The flames greedily consumed the offering. Cackling with laughter, Larry grasped the coiled metal handle that looked like a large spring and closed the incinerator door, hiding from view the flames and blue light. Once again, the red haze from the tunnel lights pervaded.
“Forgot to close it last time, I did. Ain’t good to forget. If the master would only feed me better, I’d remember. If he’d only feed me better. I done my time. I should get better food.”
Larry shuffled into the tunnel, pulled the double doors shut behind him and raised his hand, the keys jangling. He was about to lock the doors when a shadow flew across Victor’s line of sight and slammed into Larry, knocking him to the tunnel floor and sending him skidding twenty-five feet, almost to the point where Victor could no longer see him.
He watched with satisfaction as, in a fury of talons and fangs, the beast tore Larry from limb to limb. Larry could only scream, and then only briefly as his head was severed in the next instant.
“I told you to use one farther down!” the beast growled, spitting out granular bits of bone and stringy sinew.
The beast ripped open Larry’s torso and sliced out the stomach. It was black and swollen, just as Victor’s had been. The beast flung the stomach away, out of Victor’s line of sight.
Farther down must be other incinerators.
The blue flame was from natural gas, then. That means the pipe in the tunnel ceiling is a gas line.
Victor looked up at the pipe. A smaller, branching pipe came off the main and went through a hole in the rock and into the incinerator room.
This wasn’t real Hell after all. Surely Satan would not need natural gas, would he? 
Victor might be able to use this to his advantage.
Jack’s voice took Victor from his thoughts. “I trust you are feeling better, Doctor. You appear positively reborn. Did you sign the contract?” The beast had changed in seconds into human form—expensive suit, shoes, glasses and that air of superiority.
Victor held the paper up to the opening, but did not hand it to Jack. “I have one last stipulation, demon.”
Jack raised an eyebrow, his forehead remaining completely smooth. “Yes, Doctor?”
“Ginny’s body is to be incinerated. No one else touches her.”
“What’s the matter, don’t want to share?”
“No one else touches her.”
Jack shrugged. “Fine. You can throw her in the oven yourself, since you’ve seen it now, thanks to that idiot.”
Victor handed the paper through the opening. Jack snatched it away. He glanced at it and smiled at Victor. “Break your contract and we bring in Lenora and little Walt, you realize?”
“Yes.”
“Then, unless you misbehave, you will be foolishly, officially dead in a year’s time. Of course, you can always elect to remain undead.”
“I won’t.”
“You never know. You may take a liking to immortality.”
“No.”
“We’ll see.”
The door to Victor’s cell and the door to the incinerator unlatched and swung open at the same time. Victor knelt, put his hands beneath Ginny’s body and carefully lifted her. He walked with her in his arms and stared down into her face until he stood in the incinerator room. The door handle raised and the door swung open.
Victor held Ginny’s body before the fire for a moment, his jaw tightening as the hiss of burning gas filled his ears. The light of the blue flames played across her beautiful face. He looked up at the ceiling, unable to watch as he fed her body to the fire.
Jack clucked from the tunnel. “You are a different breed, Doctor Galloway. A different breed altogether. Something tells me I don’t have you quite figured out. Oh, well. Time is something I don’t have a lot of. You’ve done it now, so come on.”
Victor strode through the tunnel beside Jack. The oven and the cell doors slammed shut as they walked away. At some point Jack motioned him into a room that had a shower and towels and surgeon’s scrubs.
He cleaned himself up while Jack waited in the tunnel. Afterward they walked for what seemed a long time. When the elevator became visible, Victor decided it was time to ask, “Why the incinerators?” 
Jack glanced suspiciously at him then looked straight ahead.
“I’m sure you are familiar with the Department of Health. Their people monitor, among other things, the hospital’s official incinerator. But here in Lady of the Lake we have, shall we say, a higher body count than most hospitals, which means we need to destroy a lot of bodies in a manner that won’t alert the public at large. We do not need the D.O.H. poking into our affairs, you realize.”
“I see,” Victor said.
“You won’t forget your purpose.”
“I won’t forget.”
“If there’s trouble with you, I will personally abduct your loved ones. All of you could become starved shades of the undead like that idiot Larry.”
Victor nodded.
The elevator doors opened.
“Goodbye, Doctor. Perform your tasks well and in a year you will receive your foolish reward of true death.”
“And my family remains unharmed?”
“Yes.”
Victor felt Jack watching him as he entered the elevator. There was a placid expression on the demon’s face when Victor turned and stood with his back to the elevator’s rear wall.
The doors hissed shut. The elevator rose, returning Victor to the world of the living.
He was changed now, but not the way they wanted him to be.
He would perform his tasks.
Not the way they wanted him to, but he would perform his tasks. 
Chapter Fifteen

Ray dialed Ginny’s work number and listened as her recorded voice again came over the phone.
He sighed. It was the same as last time, and the time before, and the time before that. She was unavailable right now, please leave a message and phone number and she’d get back as soon as possible. It was rapidly turning into an empty promise.
He spoke after the beep. “Ginny, it’s Ray. Are you ducking me or what? Come on, nobody’s so busy at work that they can’t return a phone call. Let’s have lunch or just talk if you’re too swamped, okay? Seriously, it’s been a week and a half and no word. I was wondering how the job prospects were shaping up for me over there. Don’t be afraid to tell me if nothing’s happening. Call me. Bye.” Ray hung up and stared at the phone. It was strange she wouldn’t return his calls. She’d always been good about getting back with him. Did she lose her job? Family trouble? Or was she just not interested in being friends with him anymore, kind of an out-of-sight-out-of-mind deal?
Not that. She wasn’t that kind of person.
He stared at the phone.
It rang.
Ray snatched it up. “Hello…?”
A man answered. “Where’s my wife, Ray?” A moment of silence. Then Dave spoke again, his tone softer but still edged with desperation. “Ray…”
“Dave, I don’t… What do you mean?”
“I mean it’s shit, man. All of it.”
“There’s trouble with Ginny?”
“Yeah, I’d say so. She left me. That’s trouble, isn’t it? No warning, no nothing. Just left me a goddamned note saying she was leaving and now she’s gone.”
Ray went numb. He didn’t know what to say.
“It’s a show-stopper, ain’t it, Ray?”
“Dave, I’m…I’m sorry, man.”
“Yeah, me, too. She left me a note a week and a half ago. Didn’t take a thing with her except the clothes on her back and her car. Without telling me why, she just fucking left me and the kids.”
Ginny wasn’t like that. It didn’t make sense. She lived for her family. “She wouldn’t have done that. Something’s wrong. Call the police.”
“I did. Two of ‘em came out. They took one look at the note and told me to give it some time. Said she’d probably call pretty soon wanting to come back or talk to the kids. Those two bastard cops told me that, then walked the hell away.”
“Oh, man…”
“Now I don’t know if she’s hurt, dead, or what. Maybe she did just plain leave us!”
“Jesus. Jesus Christ. Man, I’m so sorry.”
“I had to tell the kids that Mommy’s gone and we don’t know what’s happened to her. Do you know what it was like to look into their faces and tell them that? Now they’re walking around like I kicked them in the chest or something. I don’t know what the fuck to do!”
Ray heard a banging noise coming from the other end of the line. Didn’t take much to picture Dave slamming his fist into a table or the kitchen counter.
“I had no idea,” Ray whispered. “Oh, man…”
The banging stopped. Dave’s heavy breathing was the only noise for a moment. “You haven’t seen her, have you? I mean, you’d tell me, wouldn’t you?”
“I haven’t seen her. I wondered why she wasn’t returning my calls at work. I can tell you this, she loves you and the kids more than anything in this world. She would not leave you…not willingly. She’d never leave you guys.”
There was a silence, then Dave spoke, his voice quiet. “Sorry. I just…I’m just grasping at straws. You two are good friends.”
“That’s all we are.”
“I know. I’m just trying to figure this all out.”
Ray tried to swallow the lump in his throat.
“I’m afraid she’s dead,” Dave said, his voice almost inaudible. 
A click, a buzz, then a series of annoying pulses.
Ray hung up. The handset didn’t make a noise as he placed it down.
He sank back into his chair and stared at his monitor screen for a long time. At some point he stood, turned off the computer and listened as the fan slowly died. He looked at his watch.
Four-fifteen. Not quite time to leave, by management standards.
His day was done, regardless. Clyde didn’t like it, screw him and the other dead-beats in this asylum. 
Chapter Sixteen

As the elevator rose from the crimson tunnel, Victor, wearing the fresh green surgeon’s scrubs Jack had provided for him, tried to focus beyond the horrors that had occurred below. He tried not to dwell on the fact that Tobias and Jack had leveraged his family against him. Instead, he tried to prepare for the new horrors that lay in store.
But his mind betrayed him.
Damned thing.
Instead of steeling himself, his mind sought out the objects of his greatest desire. They hovered just outside his reach, like carrots dangled before a workhorse.
He needed to see them at least once.
But that’s what Tobias wanted. See them, want them, induct them into the club. Perform dirty work forever. 
The elevator passed basement level one and continued to rise.
Suppose he held fast and managed to keep Lenora and Walt out of this nightmare? Tobias and company would not leave them alone forever. The escape of true death was a fantasy, as long as Tobias and his nest of zombies existed. 
Victor rubbed his forehead. He must see them, but how? He couldn’t just show up on the front porch and ring the doorbell like some package delivery guy. 
“Hi honey, I’m home!” he said, throwing his arms out wide. “Hey, you guys’ll never guess what happened…I never died! Yeah, I know it looked like I was dead, but I just took a little time out down there in the grave. Weird, huh? Now I’m a freak of nature who needs to eat people. You don’t mind if I throttle the mailman and chow down on his insides for dinner, do you? It makes such a nice alternative to tuna and crackers.”
He struck the elevator wall and the metal panel crumpled. A screw shot out of the corner to land on the floor. He watched it spin on the tile, slower and slower, until finally it came to a halt.
The elevator shifted as if it hit a bend in the cables.
At the same time, his mind closed around an idea.
Maybe there was a way to destroy all of them…
A long shot. Borne of desperation. 
Premature discovery would result in torturous consequences, not merely for himself, but possibly Lenora and Walt as well. Failure to act equated to mass murder of innocents, the personal hell of a thousand deaths by cowardice, and a perpetual threat to his family. Success meant destruction of Tobias and undead minions, before they spread to other community facilities.
He must try. 
He’d need help. Outside help. Help from one of the living in case he failed.
Victor needed a backup.
The elevator came to a halt. The “G” button lit. The doors parted with a sharp hiss to reveal a darkened hallway and four security guards dressed in dark suits and dark glasses. They appeared to be healthy human beings, but of course they were undead. So easy to spot them now. Victor stepped out of the elevator and they moved in on him.
“Save it,” he said. “I’ve got a contract. Where is he?” 
The guards hesitated a moment, then slowly backed off. One of them pointed down the hallway. “To the end, then a right. His office is near the main entrance. He’s waiting for you.”
“Of course he is.”
The guards fell in step behind Victor and followed him all the way to Tobias’ office. Nurses and doctors turned or looked up as the five of them passed. They watched with eyes magnified by glasses.
Victor nodded brusquely to them, exactly the way an aloof surgeon of high repute had done to him in another life during residency training. Some of the undead doctors nodded in return. Nurses smiled.
Strange how they needed glasses and Victor didn’t. His eyesight had been poor when he lived, but now he could see like a hawk. Curious.
Victor marched on, leading the security guards.
They reached a huge wooden door with a big brass nameplate on it. Executive Office. Victor halted before the door and waited. The guards finally clued in and opened the door for him.
“About time,” he said. 
He stepped into a sprawling waiting room. The opulence matched his preconceived notions. Deep green wallpaper interwoven with golden braids of finely-twisted cloth covered the walls. The carpet ran from wall to wall, plush, with bold patterns of black and green that conjured the image of decaying leaves on a forest floor. The receptionist’s desk, the four leather-studded guest chairs, two end tables and the massive bookshelves were of a polished wood so dark as to appear almost black.
Mahogany, Victor thought.
He’d seen such valuable wood before, when he and Lenora attended a formal dinner at a wealthy board member’s mansion.
Solid brass lamps and a large crystal chandelier provided just enough light to prevent the room from falling into complete gloom. The administrative assistant, an attractive undead with ample curves, long blonde hair and a short black business skirt, rose from behind her polished desk and sauntered across the room. She stood between two ornately-carved pillars of mahogany and rapped on a door labeled CEO. A voice responded from the other side. She pushed the door open and stepped aside for Victor. He mentally steeled himself so he wouldn’t attack Tobias on the spot, then he walked in.
The office mirrored the waiting room. 
And there he was.
He sat behind an enormous mahogany desk, signing some papers. He wore a sharp, pinstriped suit. His hair was slicked back, his large, heavy face carefully clean-shaven.
Victor gathered this was how Tobias must have looked when he died, since from what he knew of his own experience, hair did not continue to grow on the dead, nor the undead. Long-haired cadavers with claw-like nails were a myth. Hair and fingernails needed new cell regeneration to push out the old cells, and as far as Victor knew, the dead did not undergo new cell development.
“One moment, Doctor Galloway,” Tobias said, without bothering to look up from his work.
Tobias’ desk was so polished that the brass clock upon it seemed to be attached to a twin. Behind Tobias, a large window and glass door afforded views of a private courtyard. A three-tiered fountain encased in ice dominated the center. Around it were barren crape-myrtle trees, two empty benches and huge stone planting pots in the form of misshapen gargoyle heads with bulging eyes, fangs and protruding tongues.
A movement made Victor step forward in surprise. The fountain had changed into a hulking, bestial statue, with pointed ears and a fearsome skull. It was Jack, carved in stone as the beast. The bejeweled eyes glittered with crimson as they watched Victor.
Victor’s stomach knotted.
From his side, Victor felt the administrative assistant’s gaze upon him as well, but in a very different way.
After scrawling on three separate pages of a document, Tobias put down his pen. He rose from the leather chair and strode from behind the huge desk, a well-practiced smile on his fleshy face. He extended his hand. His eyes were large behind circular lenses. Victor felt the floor vibrate as Tobias approached.
“Doctor Galloway. You have finally joined us.”
He had a large hand, for he was a large undead man.
They stood eye to eye.
Tobias was undead…but not a demon. He wasn’t Jack. Victor wanted to grab that hand, plant a foot in Tobias’ ribs and yank his arm right from the socket the way he’d done to the urchin in the tunnel.
Instead, he gripped Tobias’ hand and shook it, as if they were two businessmen meeting at a luncheon. “I believe we have reached an agreement,” he said, trying his damndest to sound neutral.
“So I understand. I’m very pleased to hear it. Very pleased.” Tobias watched Victor carefully as they shook hands. Then he directed his gaze over Victor’s shoulder. “Thank you, gentlemen. You may report back to your stations.”
Behind him, Victor heard the security guards walk out of the office.
“You, too, Miss Asheley,” Tobias said, without looking at her.
She hesitated for a moment. Then she turned and strode to the door like a high-priced model on the catwalk. 
“You can have her, if you wish.”
“No thanks.”
“As the undead, we can still copulate, although the climax is, shall we say, different. Incredible, but different. A wondrous blend of agony and ecstasy.”
Victor didn’t even want to imagine. “I’m not interested.”
“Very well,” Tobias said, walking around his desk to sit in his large leather chair with rows of brass studs imbedded in it. He rested his arms on the padded arms and motioned with a flick of his wrist. “Please sit down, Doctor Galloway.”
Victor did. The guest chair was one of five in the room. It had skinny wooden legs and a straight back that met the cushioned seat at a perfect ninety-degree angle. It was nothing compared to Tobias’ chair.
“I want you to change my face,” he told Tobias.
“In what way?”
“Plastic surgery.”
Tobias was expressionless. “What makes you think that we, under our unique conditions, can have plastic surgery?”
“The flesh, although dead, heals in some way,” Victor said. “I learned that first-hand from your sponsor in the tunnel. I don’t know how the flesh and bones re-heal, since I don’t think that new cells are generated by our kind, but some form of healing does appear to take place.”
Tobias smiled at Victor’s use of “our kind.” 
“You’re quite right, Doctor. We do not produce new cells, but the old cells will return to the number present at the time of death, provided we are well-nourished. It is not the same kind of healing we used to know, but it is quite powerful, nevertheless. In basic terms, we can manipulate our cells, but we cannot generate new ones. So yes, it is possible to alter your face with plastic surgery.”
Tobias pulled out a drawer from the right hand side of the desk and reached into it. “Allow me to demonstrate our healing process.” 
When Tobias raised his hand again, it held a small-caliber revolver. The long dark barrel pointed in Victor’s direction. Victor stiffened. As he opened his mouth to protest, a muffled blast of gas hissed through the air. The bullet slammed into his forehead.
Victor felt little real pain. His head struck the back of the chair. It felt as if a strong man had taken a running start and, with all his power and momentum behind him, whacked him fully in the face with an iron bar.
The bullet tore through the front part of his brain. The chair overturned. Victor stared at the ceiling in dull amazement. Tobias suddenly filled Victor’s sight. He grinned down at him through a cloud of gray smoke. Bracing the back of Victor’s head with one hand, he reached down and dug into Victor’s forehead with something hard and metallic in the other. Victor felt the intrusion but no real pain. 
Squishing sounds ensued as Tobias dug into his forehead, arm quivering with strain. Just as Victor gathered his wits and started to push at Tobias, the undead leader jerked his hand back. There was a wet popping sound. Tobias released Victor’s head and held something between a pair of forceps for him to see. Gray matter and drops of thick, black fluid clung to the metal prongs. Between them, a flat piece of lead.
“Son of a bitch!” 
“Just a moment, Doctor.” He righted the chair and Victor almost as an afterthought, then reached for a small mirror on his desk. He turned and held it up for Victor to see. The bullet and forceps and gray matter were set aside.
Victor looked at his image in the mirror. He had a small entry wound in his forehead which leaked black ichor. “Why did you shoot—”
“Watch, Doctor. Do you see? The wound is already beginning to heal.”
Tobias spoke true. The black ichor ceased to leak from the nickel-sized hole, and, even as he watched, a layer of bone pushed from the inside of the entry wound, which was then covered by layer after almost transparent layer of flesh, which soon lay smooth over the one-time wound. Tobias tossed a handkerchief at him. Victor wiped his forehead with the handkerchief and cleaned the drops of ichorous body fluid from his face.
Victor looked in the mirror.
He was completely healed. Just like in the tunnel after Jack the beast had ripped the limbs from his body.
Even as he loathed what he’d become, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of awe. “Amazing,” he said, knowing Tobias wanted him to say it, but feeling it anyway.
Tobias grinned like a schoolboy who’d just told a secret no one else had known. “Your brain healed even faster than the entry wound.”
“Does this mean plastic surgery won’t work? That the undead cells will reject it?”
“No. With the introduction of the foreign matter, the original flesh will mold around it accordingly.” He cocked his head to the side and studied Victor from behind those circular lenses. “Tell me, Victor, why I should grant you this wish?”
“You won’t have to hide me from local patients or living doctors and nurses who knew me when I was alive.”
Tobias’ smile turned cold. “Indeed. We perform plastic surgery on many of our local surgeons for just that reason. But we could keep you deep inside the hospital and guard you against outside contact. I could use you strictly for surgery.”
“I’m more valuable to you if I treat patients directly, both in surgery and out. With my face the way it is now, you run the risk of recognition and can only use me for clandestine surgery. Change my face and I can make the rounds after surgery. I can also see patients who come to the hospital for radiation treatments and minor outpatient surgery.”
Tobias slowly stroked his chin. “You know our purpose here is to further our people’s lives, which means harvesting the recently dead. We are immune to disease. We take all categories of the living and aid them toward their inevitable conclusion—namely, death. The living are going to die anyway, and we simply help them down that road so their deaths can have meaning to us. You realize this, don’t you, Doctor?”
“Yes,” Victor said, with a nod. He tried not to clench his teeth as he said it. 
“And you’re willing to carry out these duties in order to further our kind?”
“You know I am. But for one year only, as written in my contract.”
“You may change your mind by the end of the year.”
He nodded. “Anything’s possible.”
“Very well, then.” Tobias pushed a button on his phone. “Miss Asheley will take you to the operating room for your plastic surgery. Doctor Craven is waiting there for you now.”
“Craven? From Johns Hopkins?”
“Yes. Obviously you know of him.”
“I’ve read many articles on his breakthrough reconstructive facial surgery techniques. He was a pioneer in the field, even took trips to third-world nations to perform free surgery on children with severe birth defects. He died of cancer five years ago.”
“Officially, yes.”
“You mean he’s been here since then?”
“We were fortunate enough to plant an operative at Johns Hopkins when we heard Doctor Craven was diagnosed with cancer. As in your case, we knew we needed him here. He was very receptive to our offer of life after death. The operative helped with Craven’s treatments, injected high doses of live cancer cells into him and lessened the intensity of the chemotherapy treatments he was undergoing. This furthered him along toward our mutual goal of death and left behind no signs of tampering.”
The door to the office opened. Ms. Asheley appeared and sauntered to Tobias’ desk. She stood just in front and to the side of Victor’s chair, displaying her long legs and the fullness of her breasts.
Tobias rose from his chair and leaned forward with his hands on the desk. “Remember we have leeway in the treatments of patients here, Doctor. We cannot be vulgar, but we have leeway.”
“I’m not sure I follow.”
“The Hippocratic Oath is for doctors of the living. You are now a doctor for the undead, and as such the oath is null and void. You must now encourage infection. Open an inner vein where you would have sealed or avoided it before. Inject live viruses and cancer cells. Prescribe more than the standard dose of medicine, especially if death in the patient is forthcoming. For older patients, exposure to tuberculosis and pneumonia are very reliable techniques. You must use your knowledge of medicine and the human body to lead the patient closer to death, and ultimately into it.”
“But what about official inquiries…even the autopsies?” Victor asked. “Surely someone would discover…”
“I take care of all that. Of course, we monitor everything our people do very carefully. We don’t want twenty cases of the same cause of death in a week. Public scrutiny must be avoided at all costs. For the present you will be on the Acquisitions Team, led by Doctor Stillway. Show your worthiness there and it may lead to the Procurement Committee, where we choose individuals to induct into our family here at the hospital. As with any species, growth of our ranks is essential to our ultimate survival. You will begin your duties tomorrow morning.”
Victor nodded. He stood, forcing his body to move out of the chair. He tried to keep the malice and disgust he felt from showing on his face.
Tobias glanced at Ms. Asheley. “Take Doctor Galloway to see Doctor Craven in surgery room four. Then show him to his room on the seventh floor of the patient tower.”
“Goodbye Doctor,” Tobias said, watching Victor. “I’ll see you again soon. I will instruct security to allow you freedom in and out of the hospital. A Jaguar awaits in the parking lot. Ms. Asheley will provide the keys. You may come and go as you please. You won’t run out on us because you have a binding contract. I do not believe you can stomach the consequences.”
“Make sure you honor your end.”
“Of course.” He looked to the administrative assistant. “Miss Asheley, if you will…”
Her long blonde hair, teased into a tight cascade of curls, rose and fell as she nodded. “Certainly, Mr. Tobias.”
She turned and smiled at Victor. “Won’t you come with me, Doctor?” 
Chapter Seventeen

Twenty-four hours after his plastic surgery, Victor wore a new face. No swelling, no stitches, no pain.
The prowess of the undead. 
He was ready to begin his duties. He joined Ms. Asheley in the elevator of the patient tower. 
Ms. Asheley leveled a sultry stare at him and proceeded to caress the seventh floor button in slow, circular motions. Gradually she increased the speed of her rotations. It was too much for the button—it burst into light, causing her red fingernail to glow pink. As the elevator doors closed, she giggled and strode toward him, strap-on pumps clacking on the tiled floor. She stopped only when a space the width of his middle finger separated her freckled breasts from his chest.
“Doctor Craven did a very nice job on your face, Doctor Galloway. Now you look like Yul Brenner, the actor, before he died,” she said, looking up at him with yet another toss of blond. “You know, he was in those old movies like The Ten Commandments and The Magnificent Seven.”
Victor ran his hand over his restructured face and barren skull. He felt no pain from the plastic surgery performed on his face. There were no bandages. His skin and facial bones had responded almost immediately to the surgeon’s deft manipulation. He now had a chiseled chin, broader cheekbones and eyes that had a hint of Asian or Mongolian influence. “Doctor Craven told me he was an old movie fanatic. I should have known he’d pick someone like Yul Brenner.”
“You were handsome before. Now you’re very handsome,” she purred.
Victor didn’t care what he looked like, as long as Lenora and Walt could not recognize him.
“Thank you,” Victor said, trying to keep the acid from his tone. “You’re a very stunning woman. Did you happen to see the same doctor?”
She beamed at him. “Oh, no. This is the natural me.”
“You’re very beautiful.” 
He might have use for her later, but not for what she had in mind now.
The elevator came to a stop and the doors parted. Reluctantly she moved away from him.
“We actually have very few patients in the patient tower, Doctor Galloway,” Ms. Asheley told him as they walked down one long hallway then another. “We gutted most of the floors and created additional rooms to house our people. We find it more…relaxing…to exist in a community of our own. The patient tower is perfect for us. Instead of the patient tower they should call it the undead tower.”
“Indeed,” he said.
Groups of doctors and nurses hung about in the hallways outside the rooms. They talked among themselves, laughed at times. Nearly all of the men greeted Ms. Asheley warmly. The women did not. They glanced contemptuously at her then watched Victor with open interest as he passed by.
“You have many admirers,” he noted, as they walked out of earshot of the others and came to a halt at the door to the last room in the hallway.
“It’s so easy to make new friends here,” she said, smiling warmly. “We’re no longer part of the outside world, so we bond with one another very quickly.”
“I see.” 
Evidently she’d limited her bonding to the men.
She opened the door to reveal a white-sheeted double bed, a scratched dresser, a dusty desk with an old computer on top and a single floor lamp for light. No drapes hung on the window and the walls were barren. There was a small television on a stand opposite the bed. Ms. Asheley gestured inside with her right hand, palm up. The bracelets on her wrist jingled.
“Your room, Doctor Galloway. The charts of your first patients are on your bureau. Surgery is scheduled for six, eight and ten o’clock tomorrow morning in operating room four. We’ll give you a wake-up call at five, though we don’t truly sleep anymore, at least not the way we used to. Our sleep is more like zoning out when we were alive. Anyhow, dinner is in the doctors’ private dining hall on the first floor at seven tonight. Until then, you can go anywhere you want, including out of the hospital. Keys to the black and silver Jaguar, this year’s model, are in your bureau, along with a new driver’s license. Remember that picture we took of you after the surgery?”
“Yes.”
“That’s what’s on your license.”
“You all think of everything, don’t you?”
She laughed. “We try.”
Victor eyed the room then looked a few feet down the hallway to the door leading to the stairwell. It was marked with an exit sign overhead. “Looks great,” he said. “Thanks for the tour, Ms. Asheley.”
“Anytime. And it’s Heather.”
“All right, Heather. Thank you. Please call me Victor.”
She took a half step closer to him. “Uh-huh. Victor. If there’s anything I can do for you, just let me know.”
He smiled, hoped it looked genuine. “Thanks. I might just do that.”
She reached and squeezed his shoulder, then let her hand trail across his chest as she prowled by. “My room’s at the end of the next hallway, Victor. Don’t be a stranger.”

*

Victor strode into his new room and shut the door behind him, grateful to be alone. At the window he took in the seventh-story perspective of the hospital parking lot. Vehicles occupied every space of the lot. Barren trees rose like toothpicks in the natural buffers. Beyond the lot was a small patch of forest, a cliff then the ice of the Potomac River.
As if from a mirror, the river glistened as the sun’s rays hit it. As glaringly bright as he knew it must be, his undead eyes didn’t even squint as they took it all in.
The outside world.
A peculiar haze hung over it, however. One he’d seen before but hadn’t had time to analyze. It was as though a thin veil hung on the fringes of everything he saw.
He didn’t like it. He moved away from the window.
He glanced at the patient charts on the bureau. A pair of glasses resided next to them. Curious, he put them on. The document sprang at him, the letters large and hovering in the lenses like huge bugs.
Again Victor noted the undead all seemed to need glasses, except for him. And they probably couldn’t wear contacts because of the decreased fluid in their eyes.
The stomach in his undead body sent preliminary pains to his head, sharp jabs that let him know much worse was in store if he didn’t send some nourishment down.
No.
But he had to. One way or another, it would be over soon. He would arouse suspicion if he didn’t feed, and he needed strength to carry out his plan.
He picked up his patient’s charts, examined them carefully and tried to anticipate the criminal procedures they wanted him to perform on these unfortunate souls. 

*

The nature of the undead stomach demanded but one method of “food” preparation. 
Raw. 
The preparers disguised it from the eyes of the living by cutting it into strips and squares. Necessary, the doctors and nurses told him between mouthfuls (they seemed delighted at having another newcomer at the table), to ensure equal distribution and serve as a precaution against unwelcome eyes. Eyes of the living who might happen by.
They laughed as they recounted a tale about how an employee from the systems group had stumbled into the private dining hall at lunchtime some weeks back. They seemed almost embarrassed as they revealed that an altercation had started between two doctors over the food. Blows had been traded just after the security guards rushed the living from the room. Tobias had come down hard on them all. For an entire week he gave them just enough food to exist, which led to even more fights and sloppy work on the operating tables and in the treatment rooms.
“Why didn’t we relieve him of the burden of life?” one of them asked. Another explained that this particular living was one of the last of the uninitiated. He played a key role in the systems group. He was not to be taken—yet. They needed him to carry out his duties to the public.
First he would be approached about making the journey into eternal life, they told Victor. If he declined, as some idiots invariably did, then he would be taken as food.
They smiled at this.
“What’s his name?” Victor asked, trying to appear nonchalant while keeping the disgust from his face as he speared a chunk with his fork and downed it without chewing.
“Brennan,” they said. “Ray Brennan. Mid-thirties, dark hair, beard. The last of the living in the systems area—for now,” they added, breaking into giddy laughter.
The conversation moved on. They spoke of an old man who had taken two weeks to die of pneumonia after being purposely infected with bacteria during routine surgery to remove a varicose vein. The food they now consumed came from this same old man.
With his stomach clamoring for still more sustenance, Victor forced down one more piece of what was probably kidney, judging by the color and texture. Then he pushed his plate away.
The others stopped and stared at him.
“Had a snack after arriving at Tobias’ office,” Victor explained.
Would they care for the rest?
Hands and forks reached in from all sides.
The plate was picked clean in seconds.
Victor wanted to leap up and run away, run away until he was far from this hospital and the monsters that controlled it.
But he couldn’t. He couldn’t let his revulsion stop him from his duties to his family, to Ginny’s family, to the people outside who knew nothing of the horror that awaited them if they set foot inside this hospital.
And what if his plan failed?
The undead would spread like a cancer into other areas of society, preying upon more and more of the living.
He needed a backup.
It had to be one of the last living employees. Someone who probably suspected something evil was afoot, who had access to information and could gather evidence to prove that nearly the entire hospital staff, from CEO to janitor, was committing mass murder.
Police and the district attorney might scoff at the idea of ghouls running a hospital, but they wouldn’t scoff at murder evidence.
Victor needed an insurance policy, and this guy from the systems area, this Ray Brennan, was it.
Whether he wanted to be or not.

* 

After dinner, the doctors and nurses used napkins to wipe the blood and viscera from their mouths and chins. They broke off into cliques and exited the dining hall as the cafeteria workers gathered the dishes. The workers snatched sparse leftovers on the plates and tossed them into their mouths before placing the dishes on the rubber track that took them to the dishwashers.
Two different groups of doctors and nurses asked Victor to join them, but he politely declined.
“I think I’ll take a stroll and get acquainted with my surroundings.”
They nodded and smiled. He was just one of their own getting to know the place. They’d done the same when they were new to the undead world.
Victor decided to use the same excuse should the security guys questioned him. He had to be careful because they were watching him. Tobias, no doubt, thought he had him by the balls, and Victor planned to use that overconfidence against the zombie leader.
Victor roamed the hallways, trying to appear as casual as possible. Finally, he located operating room four. After checking to see that no one was watching, he went inside. 

*

Suspended overhead by a long steel arm, a round surgical lamp four feet in diameter blazed like a tiny sun above green sheets and square section of human flesh on an operating table.
Reflected through a series of mirrors and a large glass enclosure with magnifying properties came a precise area of naked white light that Victor, for the first time in either of his two lives, wished were not so bright, not so…revealing.
Two undead nurses and another undead surgeon stood alongside the table and watched him as he worked. Watched his every move. Watched to see if he hesitated or couldn’t carry through.
Jackals, Victor silently swore.
He kept as much of the incision area hidden with his naked hands as possible, inviting infection—they wouldn’t allow him to wear surgical gloves. With the scalpel he sliced through the epidermis layer of Travis Jenkins’ right upper femur area.
Victor knew only a few sparse details about his patient. Jenkins had gotten busted up in a car accident yesterday in the morning rush hour. He wasn’t in critical condition, but his thigh bone had been severely fractured. The ambulance had brought him here to Holy Evangelical Lady of the Lake. Jenkins had willingly agreed to surgery on the leg, which needed a plate and screws to allow the bone to heal properly. In his ignorance, Jenkins had given his doctors his immediate trust.
Were it not for Victor, doing so would have proven a fatal mistake. Jenkins lay on the table, anesthetized into unconsciousness and more vulnerable than he would ever have imagined. To the undead, he represented a prey item. The ghoulish equivalent of a maimed gazelle on the African savannah, with hyenas catching the scent of blood.
Jenkins would emerge from the hospital as an unwitting victim of the undead, soon to check back into the hospital for unforeseen trauma or disease or infection. At least that’s what Tobias wanted. Victor had other plans.
The man had been lucky this time.
“Too much seepage. Need some irrigation,” Victor said.
“Leave the smaller veins severed, Doctor,” Stillway said from Victor’s side. He handed the saline solution even as he reached for the long handles of the clamps that Victor would ask for next. “Internal bleeding on a small scale takes weeks or months to develop into more serious conditions. Remember that in non-emergency operations such as this, we must be discreet.”
“Tobias told me.”
“Repetition is always a good idea. Especially for someone who hasn’t eaten in a while. When was the last time you fed, Doctor?”
Victor ignored the cold inquisitive stare. “Yesterday. Dinner. I missed breakfast but I’m going to the cafeteria immediately after I set this man’s femur.”
“Be sure to set the screws adequately. In this case, the work runs the risk of someone checking it outside our walls. We don’t want an outside doctor to x-ray his leg and find a jutting screw. We do not want to appear negligent. Besides, we want him to think the leg is healing when in fact the rest of him will be dying from the cancer we inject into his bone tissue.”
“Thank you, Doctor,” Victor said, in as much of a monotone as he could muster.
Stillway held out a needle and syringe with clear fluid inside. “Inject this deep into the marrow, so the virus can start attacking the blood-producing cells.”
Victor turned his attention from the man’s femur to the syringe. Last night the syringe held virus cells suspended in a neutral saline solution. A shitload of virus. Fortunately for Jenkins, Victor had jettisoned it down the sink.
Now, in a single smooth motion, Victor inserted the needle into the blood-covered bone of Travis Jenkins and pushed the solution into his marrow.
And waited for some kind of objection from the others.
Waited for the cry that meant he was busted.
It never came.
Stillway and the others didn’t know Victor had visited this operating room last night. Didn’t know he’d strolled leisurely down the hallway like a tourist, knowing there was a camera hidden behind the oval mirror in the upper corner of the hallway. Once beneath it, he’d ducked into this same operating room.
The syringes had been laid out on the instrument table and were already filled with their deadly solutions. He had picked one up, found a glass slide and squeezed a drop onto its surface, then pressed another slide on top of it and glanced around the dim room, knowing his plan would end now if he were discovered.
He flicked the electron microscope on, fastened the slide beneath the holding clamps, peered through the eyepiece.
The spiny, misshapen cells were unmistakable. They were live virus cells and they took no prisoners of the healthy cells also present in the solution. They attacked the healthy cells, doubling their number even as Victor watched. The solution was a biological time bomb. Ticking started with injection on the operating table.
Chance of survival: Zero.
Victor had clicked off the microscope, pulled out the slides and washed them in the sink. Moving as quickly as he could without dropping anything, he’d dried and carefully returned the slides to the box from which they’d come.
Grabbing the syringes, all three of the fat bastards, he’d squirted their deadly contents into the sink. Sterilized them. Then he’d found a bottle of untainted saline solution. He unscrewed the cap, dipped the needle into the clear liquid and pulled back on the stopper until the syringe was full once more. He repeated the process twice more for the other syringes, glancing repeatedly at the door and listening for footsteps. Now standing at the surgery table while performing the operation on Mr. Jenkins, Victor handed the empty syringe to the nurse across the table from him.
She returned it to the tray instead of disposing it in the plastic receptacles specifically designed to contain bio-hazardous waste. Every health care facility in the nation was required to have these mini-trash receptacles, and a hospital could get seriously fined or even shut down by the Occupational Safety and Hazard Association (OSHA) if they didn’t comply.
Obviously H.E.L.L. had its own set of regulations.
“Don’t we toss the syringes?” he asked, screwing the plate into place in Travis Jenkins’ femur.
“What for?” Stillway asked. “Communicable germs are our allies. We refill the syringes once more without sterilizing them. Of course, we maintain a certain percentage of standard operations where the patients are unharmed. Those are the operations we invite the OSHA reps to come and observe.”
The three of them laughed.
He nodded, pretending to be too absorbed in his duties to join the mirth.
“Okay,” he said. “He’s about where we need him. He’ll feel plenty of relief, for now. Enough to convince his general practitioner we did what we were supposed to do.”
“Good work, Doctor,” Stillway told Victor. “Nurse Evans, would you like to close for Doctor Galloway?”
“Certainly, Doctor.”
She moved to Victor’s side and stood expectantly.
“I don’t mind closing,” Victor said. “I need to get back in the swing of it. Been away for a while, you know.”
And tie off that severed vein, he silently added.
Their gazes marked him.
“Nonsense, Doctor,” Stillway said. “We can’t have our best surgeons doing the mundane tasks. Your hands are quite expert, I assure you. Nurse…”
There was nothing Victor could do. Protest again and he’d raise suspicion. He stepped aside, his bare hands raised, the fingers and palms red with blood. He didn’t have to remove his mask since he wasn’t wearing one.
“Well done, Doctor. I think you’ll do just fine here. Let’s get you a snack,” Stillway said, clapping Victor on the back. He glanced at the clock on the wall. “You’ve got your next patient in thirty minutes. You know, I’ve got quite an extensive collection of knives and swords, both antique and modern. I’ve got so many that some of people around here call me ‘Blade’ as a joke. I’d be glad to show them off to you sometime.”
Play along, play along…
Victor forced a smile. “Sure, Blade. I’d like that.”
Stillway laughed and clapped him on the back again.
Victor contemplated ripping the guy’s head off but held back. 
For now.

*

Over the next three weeks Victor tried to help as many patients as he could. He had a grueling schedule, one that would have exhausted any living doctor. He performed surgery four times a day, seven days a week and kept office hours inside the hospital until six in the evening. He was amazed at the patient load. But then, in the ranks of the hospital undead, there were no more than a handful of surgeons.
After the first week, he was no longer observed by Stillway or any other doctor. A team of two undead nurses assisted him, and he kept them hopping. It wasn’t that Tobias and his people trusted him, Victor reasoned, but simple logistics: Tobias needed all of his surgeons on active duty.
Victor learned that while trauma cases provided for much of the daily food intake, other food sources had to be cultivated in slower and more insidious ways. Seeds of death had to be planted in the bodies of those who were not so close to dying. Diseases and viruses were allowed to run rampant. From there, the victim spiraled down into a death that was not meant to be.
Under the guise of getting acclimated to their techniques, Victor read the charts of his “colleagues”.
Sometimes it took months for the victims to succumb.
Sometimes it took only weeks.
Sometimes only minutes, as in his own case.
Victor did what he could do for his own patients, and he secretly mourned the loss of the others.
Of the sixty patients he’d performed surgery on during his three weeks of service, nine had died soon after surgery from natural causes. Their conditions had been so accelerated that there was nothing even the best living surgeon could have done for them.
He’d unwittingly bested even Stillway’s record.
Tobias personally congratulated him on the deaths. He told Victor to travel about as he saw fit. As long as he upheld his contractual obligations, he had full liberty.
Tobias also told Victor that his plan was to acquire new surgeons, which meant he could acquire other personnel since the food would be plentiful. The profits of the hospital grew in leaps and bounds. The hospital was in the black until the ink oozed from the bar graphs. It wouldn’t be long before Tobias would take over another hospital, this time inside D.C., where the trauma cases poured in every night.
Victor wondered how much time he had before someone discovered his patients had died of purely natural causes. A week maybe. Perhaps days.
If he was captured, there would be no one to oppose Tobias. He had to make his move.
And soon. 
Chapter Eighteen

Iron weights clanged in Ray’s ears to punctuate the hyper-beat that blared from the massive speakers suspended above the nearby aerobics floor.
Air hissed between his clenched teeth as he squatted, bar across his shoulders. Two forty-five pound pills at each end of the bar followed him down. When his thighs were nearly parallel with the floor, he thrust upward, his groan barely audible to his own ears. Sweat streaked down his face as he finished his last repetition and eased the bar onto the supports of the squat rack. Breathing hard, he put his hands on his hips and took a quick rest before starting the next set, his gaze wandering without purpose.
The club was filling up.
Men and women pumped away at the Cybex stations. A steady flow worked the long circuit of Nautilus machines and assorted exercisers plugged the gaps in the carpeted free-weights area. The clientele, like himself, wore everything from tee-shirts and shorts, to the latest skin-tight action-wear that boldly accented exactly what the wearers wanted accented. On an expanse of hardwood floor next to the weight area, the aerobics class whooped it up full-force. 
He focused again on the squat rack. Bending his knees, he ducked under and positioned the bar behind his neck and across his shoulders. Lifting it from the supports, he made sure it was level in the mirror before him. Two quick breaths and he eased down into a squat, forcing the air out through his gritted teeth on the way up. On his third repetition, new beads of sweat rolled down his forehead to drip to the rubber mat below. Sweat soaked his shirt. He sucked air through his teeth on the tenth and final rep.
He held the half-squat now, quivering thighs parallel with the floor. The burn tore into the deepest fibers of the muscles. Instead of going back up, he held his position and watched himself in the mirror… Watched as the veins in his neck bulged under the strain.
The fuck’s going on? he asked himself for the thousandth time.
The veins in his neck stood out like corded ropes. He held his position.
What happened to Ginny? What’s happening at H.E.L.L.?
Sweat dripped from his face and elbows. His hair was soaked. This was his fifth set of squats, the weight heavier than any he’d used before. His legs shook as if he was straddling the San Andreas Fault. Worse than that, they were going numb in one hell of a hurry.
He was losing the fight against the weights. The long Olympic barbell bit into the backs of his shoulders.
Burn it out.
To…the…bone!
Breath came in ragged gasps. With a groan that came from the core of his being, he thrust out of the squat. Slowly, feeling the agony of it now, his upper body rose as his legs straightened. The barbell, yoked to his back, dug farther into him. Sweat stung his eyes, blurred the surrounding workstations and people. Finally, he clanged the barbell on the support pins and let them have the damned thing.
He couldn’t shake the image of Ginny’s face that kept appearing in his mind. She no longer smiled. Her eyes were open, but vacant.
She wouldn’t just up and leave Dave and her kids. Someone had to have taken her. Had to have. And in this world, that meant she was dead.
Ray wiped his face with one of the white hand towels that the health club provided for its members. When he was done, surprise came in the form of a woman standing before him. The protests of his fatigued thighs could not come close to offsetting the instant attraction. Her curves were tastefully displayed by the snug aerobic outfit. Her face shone with sweat, and he thought it made her even more desirable. Here was a woman of action.
“You’re working hard, Ray,” she said, smiling.
He could only gasp and nod. He forced his eyes to look straight into hers and not to wander to other parts of her body. He’d thought she was attractive the first time he’d met her, but seeing her now, in this outfit with her hair down and a light sheen on her face, he saw she was nothing less than beautiful. Victor Galloway, distinguished surgeon or not, had been a very lucky man.
“Well,” he said, trying to control his uncooperative breathing. “Guess that’s the idea…isn’t it? To work hard, I mean.”
“Yeah, but some days make for better workouts than others.”
“Bad days make…the best workouts.”
Lenora’s brows raised as she appraised his soaked shirt and sweating face. “You must’ve had a doozy.”
“Kind’a sliding downhill, lately.” He shrugged, feeling foolish for bringing up his worries to someone who probably had more than her share of problems. “How’s it going for you?”
“Getting by. Work’s a good distraction. Beats sitting home with the soaps all day.”
“I hear you.”
Their gazes met. Lingered.
Ray looked away first. Figured he’d better before he started to blush like a damned schoolboy. When he looked back, she was still watching him. She glanced away so as not to be rude then her gaze returned to his again.
Her eyes were so green they almost glowed.
“I didn’t know you belonged to this gym,” he managed to say. “Had a membership long?”
“I joined when I started at the hospital. It’s convenient. My son goes to Growing Wonders Preschool, just down the road. Three or four times a week we come to the gym. He plays with the kids in the nursery and Mommy gets to work out. I think Walt realizes I’m a little more sane after exercising.”
“I’m the same way. How old is your boy?”
“Almost four.”
“I hear they’re a lot of fun at that age.”
“They are. Lot of work, too. Especially now that there’s just the two of us. You don’t have kids, then?”
He looked away. He glanced at a couple guys doing some bench presses and a woman doing arm curls with a long bar. Funny how everything, including the blaring music, had faded away since he’d started talking with Lenora Galloway.
“Not yet, anyway. No kids. No wife or anything even remotely significant, for that matter.”
Lenora didn’t appear surprised. It was as if she’d already known and had just asked out of courtesy. “Robin Curtis sure perked up when you walked into my office a while back.”
“Robin? We kid each other a lot.”
“I don’t mean like that.”
“What do you mean?”
“She looked interested in you. Maybe you should ask her out. I’m sure she’d say ‘yes’.”
Ray blinked. He hardly knew Lenora, and here she was trying to set him up with someone. Bold woman. He shook his head and smiled. “I don’t think dating Robin would lead to anything, uh, substantial. She’s what…in her late twenties? She acts like she’s making up for lost time after being sealed away in a nunnery all her life.”
“Meaning?”
“Party girl. I’ve been through all that, and I don’t want to go back. Maybe five years ago I would have, but not now. I’m getting too old for that stuff.”
Lenora laughed. “Really? You don’t look like an old man.”
“I like your laugh,” Ray blurted. Now why did he say that? 
“Well, thanks.”
“It’s nice. Not a giggle, but still lighthearted.”
“What’s your laugh like?”
“I’m not so sure. It’s been a while.”
“Something wrong?”
“Huh?”
She smiled. “You’re staring. Is something wrong?”
“No, no. I just kind of blanked out for a minute there.”
“Oh.”
She appeared pleased.
Ray debated whether to tell Lenora about Victor’s look-alike. 
“Look, I know this is forward, but would you like to have dinner sometime?” she asked.
“Yeah! I mean…yes, I would,” he said. His heart, which had slowed after the exertion from the squats, suddenly kicked in again as if he was in the middle of another set. Raising his eyebrows, he tried to appear casual. “When’s good for you? I’ve got nothing but empty slots.”
“Tonight too early?”
“Not at all. In fact, I could really use the company.”
“So could I.”
“I could meet you and your son at The Wharf in Old Town. It’s a pretty good restaurant, not stuffy at all. Good for kids.”
She tilted her head. “No, Walt won’t be joining us. He’s with my parents in Fredericksburg for a few days, but thanks for including him. A lot of men wouldn’t even dream of it. You must really like kids.”
He shrugged. “I help coach baseball and soccer for the sports club leagues. Mainly the younger kids, though I go wherever they need help. Kind of adds something, you know.” Her open gaze made the blood rise to his face and he tried, unsuccessfully, to make it stop. You idiot, Brennan, he thought. What grade are you in?
“How’s seven o’clock at The Wharf?”
“Perfect.” He managed a smile despite the sudden case of nerves.
“See you then,” she said.
She turned and walked toward the doors that led down the stairs and to the locker rooms. He tried not to watch her, but he couldn’t tear his gaze away until she paused at the door. He finally turned to remove his weights from the bar. He didn’t want her to glance over her shoulder and bag him looking at her.
Wow. She’s all long legs and curves. I need to do some more sets.
As he slid one of the forty-five pounders off the bar, he glanced in the mirror. Lenora stood there, looking over at him for an instant before disappearing into the stairwell. Too late, it occurred to Ray that she’d probably seen him watching her…though, she didn’t appear to mind.

*

After finally hunting down a parking space on a side road off of King Street, Ray stepped from his vehicle and immediately felt his legs quiver like Jell-o.
He would pay big-time for that workout. Be lucky to walk tomorrow.
But that was tomorrow.
Flipping the collar of his leather jacket up around his neck and shoving his gloved hands into the pockets, he kept his arms in close to his sides and forced his trembling legs to carry him in the direction of the Potomac River. 
Bypassing the bustle of King Street, he took a quiet short-cut through the residential streets toward The Wharf, feeling the uneven cobblestones beneath his boots when he crossed the streets. The streetlamps that marked his passage were twelve feet of black iron, replicas of the gas lamps of eighteenth-century London. They illuminated the streets and home fronts with a soft amber glow. The old-style town homes, cobblestone avenues and glowing streetlamps conjured up a time in Ray’s imagination when Jack the Ripper prowled the streets looking for soft throats to slash.
Large, silent snowflakes drifted lazily past the streetlamps. They settled on his hair and brushed against his cheeks. The sidewalks and streets were wet from the flakes, and everything glistened beneath the streetlamps.
The stone fences and the parked cars seemed to take on softer dimensions as he strode farther. He walked another block before he realized fog was rolling in from the river to creep through the streets, covering everything in its path with a misty shroud. He turned a corner. An old church, dating back to pre-colonial times, loomed in the shadows. The wooden siding of the main body and steeple were warped and crumbling, some slats missing altogether. As he approached, the tombstones seemed to rise—just a little—from the cemetery grounds.
A tall, wrought iron fence kept out all but the most determined of the living. Large stone crosses jutted at precarious angles into the night sky. Gnarled trunks and barren branches of ancient oaks guarded the dead. Tombs and mausoleums stood in various degrees of decay among the headstones, worn thin from centuries of weather. Snow fell silently into the cemetery.
The quiet of the dead, he thought, unable to suppress a shudder.
He walked faster, slowing only when the old church and cemetery were blocks behind him.
Finally he was at The Wharf. Coming upon the restaurant from the side, he noted how the three-story, flat-faced structure, made almost entirely of old timbers, was much longer than it was wide. The narrow front faced the Potomac River. In the glow of the restaurant lights, the river was crusted with ice that groaned and snapped from unseen swells.
The fog glided over the ice and poured into shore like a misty dream. He swore he could feel it swirl in his lungs as he breathed. He strode up the walkway to the restaurant. Three rows of windows faced the river, and through them he could see white-clothed tables with floating candles that illuminated the faces of the patrons. 
Ray pulled his hand out of his pocket, reached for the door and…felt a tug on his mind. He knew that tug well. He only felt it when he was being watched.
He peered over his shoulder. Didn’t see anyone looking his way. Letting go of the door, he walked a few steps toward the street before pausing and glancing around.
A few grainy silhouettes walked away from him down the street. A laughing couple strolled arm-in-arm through the snow and fog and approached from the same way he’d come, the shoulders of their coats and their heads white with snowflakes. They said hello to Ray and he returned their greeting. They went inside the restaurant.
The mental tugging continued.
Ray walked down to the street and peered into the shadowy recesses of the adjoining shops, now closed for the night. Nothing. He turned to the river front. The fog and light snow shrouded anything more than fifty feet away. He heard the steady cracking of the ice on the river, the creaking of wooden docks and nothing more.
“Are you going to stay out here all night?” a voice asked him, cutting through the fog and quiet.
“What the—” Ray jumped. His heart banged away in his throat and threatened to leap out. He whipped around to see a dark-haired woman dressed in a long coat, smiling at him. When she saw how much she’d startled him, she put a gloved hand to her mouth.
“Ray, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to sneak up on you like that.”
Lenora Galloway tried to suppress her light laughter, but didn’t come close.
He grinned. “It’s okay. You just scared the be-Jesus out of me, that’s all. I’ll be okay as soon as I find a dry pair of pants. Are the stores open?”
“You’re not serious.”
“No, but it was iffy there for a second. Spooky night. Snow’s pretty, but I walked by an old cemetery on the way here. I think the fog and the shadows cranked my imagination up a bit. Too many horror movies.”
Her face turned serious. When she spoke, her breath came out in small, white clouds of vapor. “It is kind of a spooky night with the fog. But I think the snow is just beautiful.”
He watched as the fat flakes drifted down from the dark sky.
“Reminds me of the mountains.”
“Which ones?”
“Blue Ridge, around Roanoke. Big, blue mountains.”
“Go back there often?”
“Not so much anymore. Spent most of my life there, though.”
“Miss the area?”
“Sometimes.”
Her dark green eyes sparkled with the light from the streetlamps. She was a little more made-up now than at the health club, although still not heavily so. She wore more eyeliner now and her full lips shone a deeper red. A sudden breeze came in from the river and blew a few errant strands of her raven hair gently over the left side of her face. She raised her gloved hand and pulled them back.
“You’ll have to tell me about them,” she said, watching him closely.
He blinked. “I’m sorry?”
“The mountains. You’ll have to tell me about the mountains.”
Raising his head, he suddenly stiffened. He lost the flow of the conversation. “I’d love to, but let’s go in and get warm. Are you hungry?”
“Ravenous.”
“That makes two of us.”
They walked together up the front walk of the restaurant. He grasped the door handle just as she reached for it and held the door open for her. She thanked him and stepped inside.
Ray stiffened.
There was that tugging again.
He shot a final look over his shoulder, this time to the corner of a marina supply shop that stood on a short pier over the river. He thought perhaps a coat sleeve had suddenly pulled back into the shadow, but couldn’t be sure. Two outdoor lamps of the restaurant shone in his eyes, and they were very bright. He watched for another instant, squinted, but saw nothing move.
“Ray?” Lenora waited for him just inside the restaurant. “Something wrong?” she asked, now at his side and peering in the same direction.
“I don’t know. Just a funny feeling, that’s all.”
“Probably your stomach protesting a lack of food.”
“Could be.”
They moved in farther and let the door shut out the winter. The heat of the place descended. As the last tendrils of cold left Ray’s body, he shivered. Placing his hand just above her elbow, he led Lenora down the short hallway to the main part of the restaurant. She smiled as they strode together. He realized what he was doing and quickly withdrew his hand.
“I’m sorry… I didn’t even think…”
She placed his hand back on her arm.
A charge ran through him, pleasant and disturbing at the same time.
This was Victor Galloway’s wife, and here he was in the role of new suitor. Did she know Victor was still alive? Would she be here if she knew?
No, he decided. She wouldn’t.
“I wonder what’s good here?” she asked, skillfully initiating the conversation. “I haven’t eaten at a real restaurant for quite some time.”
“I eat out too much, but rarely at sit-down restaurants. I can’t stand eating alone at a decent place, acting like I’m interested in some book I brought along for company or staring into some neutral corner as I eat.”
“Oh, I know,” she said. “It’s so uncomfortable. Same thing happens to me when Walt and I go to some fast food place with one of those playgrounds. He wolfs down his food then jumps up to play. I watch him, but I’m basically alone at that point.”
She didn’t mention Victor.
The entranceway opened to the main section of the restaurant, a large rectangular area with booths lining the walls and rows of tables clustered in the center. White-smocked waiters and waitresses negotiated between tables, taking orders, bringing food out on large circular trays. The loud buzz of conversation came as a bit of a shock to Ray after the relative silence of the riverfront.
“Two for dinner?” the hostess asked pleasantly as they approached the wooden podium.
“Yes,” Ray returned. “Is there a long wait?”
“Not for parties of two. Larger parties have about a twenty minute wait. Would you prefer smoking or non?”
“Smoking,” Lenora said.
“You smoke?” Ray asked her.
“No, but you do, don’t you?”
“Yeah, but I can wait. I need to give it up soon anyway.” He turned to the hostess, who had dug out two menus from behind the podium and held them in the crook of her white-sleeved arm like a schoolgirl holding notebooks for class. “Let’s do non-smoking,” Ray said.
“Except for the lounge, most of this floor is the non-smoking area,” the hostess said as she led them between tables to a small booth next to a window that offered a view of the dock lights and a slumbering river beneath. Twenty feet from the booth was a large fireplace that flickered with burning wood. “Is this okay?” she asked, gesturing with an upturned hand.
“Perfect,” Ray and Lenora said, almost in unison.
Lenora had her coat off before Ray even thought to help her. She slipped it off to reveal a black, button-up sweater and pleated skirt.
The sweater was formfitting, long-sleeved, with slightly squared shoulders. The top two buttons were decidedly un-buttoned. The skirt hugged her shapely hips and ended at a point just above her knees to afford a nice length of leg encased in sexy black stockings. She wore a gold necklace, and Ray had to fight to keep his gaze from following the glittering chain down to the upper swells of her breasts.
Nice.
She handed her coat to the waiting hostess.
Ray did have the presence of mind to pull her chair out for her before she sat. Then he took off his own coat and handed it to the hostess. He pulled out his chair and sat, being careful to hold his tie close to his body with his hand as he did so it wouldn’t ride on the table.
“Jerry will be your waiter tonight,” the hostess said, smiling professionally. “Can I order you a drink from the bar?”
“I’ll have a draft,” Ray said. “Lenora?”
“Glass of Zinfandel, please.”
The hostess nodded. “Enjoy your meal.”
Ray looked at Lenora. “I’m not very suave at saying such things, but you look stunning.”
“Thank you,” she said, smiling brightly. “You look pretty hot yourself.”
He glanced at his dark shirt and leather tie. “Thanks. Mom got these for me at Christmas this past year. She’s got better taste than I do.”
“It’s very nice. Goes with your dark hair and beard.”
She’s smooth, Ray thought, as butterflies fluttered around in his stomach.
Jerry brought their drinks, Lenora’s wine in a delicate glass, Ray’s beer in a frosted glass mug. Informing them that he’d be back to take their orders, he left. 
They chatted while glancing over the menus.
Ray was amazed to find his mug empty already.
Lenora’s wine had disappeared as well.
“Who drank our drinks when we weren’t looking?” Ray asked.
She shook her head dramatically. “I don’t know! I barely touched mine. We’ll have to get another round.” She raised her arm, got Jerry’s attention as he rounded a nearby table, and gestured to her glass and Ray’s. Jerry smiled and nodded, working his way to the bar at the back of the restaurant.
“Awesome how you do that,” Ray said.
“One of my many talents.”
“I’m sure.”
Dinner came after the next round of drinks. They talked of various subjects through dinner, mostly small talk. Getting to know you talk: Where are you from, what do you like to do, how long have you been working…
Ray could barely keep from staring at her. The warm glow from the candle at the center of the table caressed her lovely face. He decided not only was she beautiful, she was a good conversationalist as well. She smiled often, laughed at his little asides, offered her own views and watched him to the exclusion of all others. It was almost too good, and if it had happened at almost any other time, he’d have let himself start falling for her. Maybe he was anyway, in spite of himself.
She was damned distracting.
She made his worries fade to the background.
Except for two. 
After Jerry cleared the plates, Ray ordered two brandies, warmed. Then he stared out at the falling snow drifting thicker and faster past the restaurant’s lights.
He wondered if Ginny were out there in the cold.
A buzz. He ignored it.
The buzz got louder. He had the feeling he was being watched.
Slowly, he turned from the window to see Lenora, her head tilted and her gaze softly searching his face. The buzz had been her voice as she spoke to him.
“You all right, Ray? You mentioned things could be better when we talked at the health club earlier today. What’s going on?”
If he didn’t talk to her…to someone…then he’d surely crack right down the middle.
He cleared his throat. “Lenora, do you know a woman named Ginny who used to work at the hospital in systems just like me?” 
She shook her head. “No, but what about her?”
“She probably left for her new job soon after you came on board. Ginny was fun to work with—bright, entertaining, always cutting up with me. When I was pissed off or feeling low, she would pick at me until I had to laugh, even on some of my worse days.”
Lenora sat still, her attention solely upon Ray.
He cleared his throat. “Well, Ginny’s been missing for three weeks now. The police have no leads. At first they thought she ran off, but since her husband hasn’t heard anything at all, and she didn’t pack any personal items for a trip, the police are thinking she’s been abducted. They haven’t said it, but she’s probably been murdered.”
“Oh God…the poor woman. That’s horrible…”
“She’s got a husband and two small kids, all waiting for some kind of word, good or bad. But day after day, nothing comes up. It’s like she’s just vanished.” 
“I’m sorry, Ray.”
“She’s a good friend,” he said. “She was looking into getting me a job with her new employers because things at the hospital have been so…strange, lately.”
He watched as the reflection from the fireplace played on the windowpane in flickering yellow and orange. Then he focused beyond the reflection to the falling snow. So goddamned cold out there.
Snifter glasses contacting the wooden table brought Ray back around. Jerry had returned with the brandies, the dark red liquid swirling inside the glasses. Jerry laid down a leather billfold. Ray reached into his back pocket for his wallet.
He put the credit card inside the billfold and handed it back to Jerry. 
“No,” Lenora said, suddenly digging in her purse. “I want to split it. Thanks, anyway.”
He held up his hand. “You get the next one.”
“No, really, we’ll split…what did you say?”
“I say you get the next one?”
She paused, then smiled. “Okay.”
Jerry took off with the billfold and Ray’s credit card.
Ray took a sip of the brandy, regarded Lenora over the rim of his glass. “Mind if I ask you something personal?” he asked. 
“Not at all.”
“You know how talk spreads through the workplace, especially when there’s a relatively new employee who happens to be…uh, unattached. Don’t get me wrong—I’m flying high right now being here with you—but let’s face it, I’m just a programmer trying to sell a few pictures in his spare time. I’m not putting myself down or anything, but I’m not in what is considered a glamorous profession. I guess my question is, why aren’t you out with one of the doctors in the hospital?”
For the second time that evening, she appeared very serious. The first was when he spoke of Ginny. Ray thought he’d made his first serious mistake of the evening and it made him cringe a little inside.
“I don’t think you’re giving yourself enough credit,” she told him matter-of-factly. “Programmer, doctor, construction worker…whatever. You’ve got a steady job, and to me that says a lot all by itself. My late husband, as you probably know from the grapevine, was an orthopedist. And while it’s true a lot of doctor’s wives group together and compare how blue their blood is, that was never me. It’s not that I wouldn’t go out with one of the doctors at the hospital, it’s more a question of timing. A few of Victor’s acquaintances have asked me out, but the timing wasn’t right.”
Ray nodded and sipped his brandy.
Lenora continued. “It’s been almost a year since Victor died, and it’s taken me a long time to get on with my personal life. I didn’t take the job at the hospital for the money. Victor provided for us. I took the job because I needed to have something constructive to do with my life. I’m ready to move on, knowing I won’t find another Victor Galloway and knowing I don’t want to find another Victor Galloway. He is irreplaceable.”
“Do you think dating a physician would fall too close to what your husband used to do?” Ray wondered aloud.
“Maybe.”
“Do you mind telling me about him?” 
“No, I don’t mind. It’s something that probably needs addressing. What do you want to know?”
Ray shrugged. “What was he like?”
“Victor was a good man. He was kind, responsible, handsome and a great father and husband. Our time together was…too short. He adored Walt. I was crushed when he died, but what absolutely tore me apart was the fact that Walt had lost his daddy.” She picked up her napkin and dabbed at the corners of her eyes, which brimmed with tears.
He was a shit for making her do this, but he had to know.
“I’m sorry,” he told her. “I’m very sorry.”
“Thanks,” she said. “Victor would have been forty-one if the heart attack hadn’t taken him. It’s strange… He didn’t really drink much, didn’t have a weight problem. He exercised regularly. His family does have a history of heart failure, though. Just after spring arrived last year, he was out working on his garden. Walt and I left to go shopping and when we got back, Victor was gone. He’d called for his own ambulance, but they arrived too late to save him. He died at Holy Evangelical shortly after they got him there.”
She downed the rest of her brandy.
“We had the funeral three days later. Open casket. I tried not to break down and somehow didn’t. Walt didn’t really understand why his daddy couldn’t wake up and get out of the casket. It happened so suddenly, and it was over so quickly. The months that followed were the absolute worst of my life.”
“I’m very sorry,” Ray said, his voice hoarse. But even as he said it, he also felt a sense of relief. He had the information he’d been after: Victor Galloway’s body had been in an open casket at his funeral. That meant the guy Ray had seen being wheeled into the emergency room the other night had to have been someone else. It simply couldn’t have been Victor Galloway. Victor Galloway was dead.
Lenora and her son had been through hell, and might still be on the brink of it. She was trying to rebuild her life. This was no woman to toy with. Either he was straight with her—sincere about possibly seeing her in the future—or he needed to get out now, before he or she or both of them started to get involved.
What…!
Why was he even thinking that far ahead? This was, after all, their first date. He’d had many others that started off fine and ended as if he’d slammed into a brick wall. What made this one any different—the fact that it was his first time out with a widow?
No. Not that.
He had a feeling about Lenora Galloway. One he hadn’t had with the others.
“I know why you asked me about Victor,” she said, flat out.
He cleared his throat. “You do?”
“Baggage. You want to know if it’s been stowed away or not. Yes I miss Victor, but I’m ready to get on with my life. I think you wanted to know that before, well, before…” She trailed off, gazed down at the windowsill where the snowflakes had piled up since they first sat at the table. “I think that’s good of you, Ray. Wanting to clear it all up at the start. I’ll let you decide if the baggage has been properly stowed. If you don’t want to see me again, I’ll understand.”
“How about tomorrow night?”
She smiled. “I’d love it.”
Jerry returned with Ray’s credit card and the bill for signing. He gave him a good tip and handed the billfold to him. Ray hated that the evening was winding down, but timing dictated they bring it to a close. Prolonging their first evening together would be like trying to stem the tide instead of going with the flow, and that was the last thing he wanted to do with Lenora.
“I’ll walk you to your car,” he offered.
They talked on the way. The snow fell lightly in the glow from the streetlamps. The snowflakes whispered as they fell, and now a respectable layer covered the cars, streets and sidewalks. Lenora’s jeep  was only a block away. A twinge went off in Ray’s chest. They’d reached the car far too soon. He didn’t have a plan…
She unlocked the door while he stood there, his gloved hands in his coat pockets. Turning to him, she told him what a nice evening she’d had then raised her chin slightly upward.
Ray bent and kissed her.
Her lips were soft and warm, and the night was so cold.
She pressed into him for a moment, then pulled slowly away. She patted him twice on his shoulder and smiled. “Tomorrow night?” 
“Tomorrow night,” he said. “Movie okay? Maybe a drink after?”
“Sounds great. Goodnight, Ray.”
“Are you in the book?”
She said she was and got into her car and started it. The wipers pushed the snow off the windshield in two quick swipes. She waved from inside and drove off.
Ray watched her drive away as the snow drifted down.
He shook his head, a little woozy on his feet. The woman could kiss!
He’d parked a few blocks away. He didn’t even think about the cemetery until after he’d almost passed it, but before he reached the end of the cemetery, that feeling of being watched kicked in again. He turned.
Tombstones stared back at him.
The warning from his sixth sense didn’t go away. He picked up the pace and, after several glances over his shoulder, soon reached the safety of his vehicle. 
Chapter Nineteen

The day dragged. Not a moment passed without at least some underlying thought about Lenora—through a hard workout, apartment cleaning, laundry, dishes. Even Georgetown fending off Syracuse on the basketball court didn’t hold his attention. He found it a bit disconcerting and thrilling at the same time. Finally the time arrived for their second date. 
“Now, this place looks familiar,” Ray said, reaching for the door and holding it open for her. 
Lenora laughed. “I thought we might try it again since we had such a nice time last night,” she said, stepping through the doorway. “Maybe the owner will offer us a piece of the action if we come here often enough.”
They stamped on the carpet just inside the entrance of The Wharf to get the snow off before it melted on their shoes. Lenora shook her head and launched snowflakes into the air. They seemed to hang about her like a halo for a split second before plummeting out of view. She closed her eyes, her long eyelashes meeting as her lips parted. He couldn’t look away as her dark hair gleamed and bounced from side to side. She opened her eyes and smiled and it took no stretch of the imagination to realize this woman could model for Cosmo or any other snooty New York magazine if she wanted to. 
He forced his gaze to search the lounge for an open table. He ran his fingers through his hair, felt the cold touch of the melting snow crystals. Spotting an open table in the lounge, he gestured.
“There’s a spot,” he said.
“We’re there,” she said, offering her arm.
He gladly took her arm and guided her toward the open table, heart kicking into overdrive.
He helped her off with her coat and hung it on the back of a tall wooden stool, then pushed her stool in as she sat. As she crossed her lithe, stockinged legs, he couldn’t help but notice the lengthy slit in her long skirt. He took off his jacket and hung it on the stool next to hers.
“I’ll get us a couple of drinks. Zinfandel for you?”
She gave him a half smile and raised her left eyebrow independently of her right. “How about a seven and seven?”
“You got it.”
He tried not to run for the bar.
Moments later, Ray took the opportunity to check out his date as he returned to the table. Lenora’s dress hugged her curves and had a neckline that, while not plunging, definitely fell into the tastefully daring category. As he placed the seven and seven before her, the glint from the diamond pendant flashed, drawing his gaze to her breasts. Again, he forced his gaze to move on.
“Sorry about the movie, Lenora. I had no idea it would be so popular,” he said. “Talk about your press of humanity.”
“Don’t apologize. I didn’t know, either. It doesn’t bother me.”
He placed his beer on the table and sat on the stool beside her. “Wall to wall people gets me a little freaked.”
“Doesn’t it? In the old days I didn’t mind as much, but now I need a little breathing room. Is it too busy here for you?”
“Nah, I can handle this.”
They sipped their drinks.
“You know,” Ray said, “that one might be worth another try in a couple weeks, after the fanfare dies down a bit.”
Lenora smiled at him. “In the meantime, we could rent a movie and watch at my place.”
Ray blinked. “Sounds great to me.”
“Come on,” she said. “I’ll pay at the bar. I don’t feel like waiting for this waitress to come around.”
Ray gulped with anticipation, hoped Lenora didn’t see it. His senses swam, and not from his one and only beer of the evening. They walked toward the double doors of the restaurant, buttoning their coats, although Ray figured right now he could stroll out into the cold with just his briefs on and not feel it. The passed a smoked-glass mirror on the wall. He gave it no more than a passing glance. But as he did, two large men stood from a table with their backs to the mirror. Just as his glance caught the last inch of the smoked glass, one of the men turned.
Ray just caught a glimpse of a long face and thin lips, blond, close-cropped hair and thick glasses. Clyde sprang to mind, but the man was already gone, and even his image vanished the instant Lenora rejoined him.
He held the door for her.
She smiled, and all he could think of was how beautiful she was. Arm in arm they walked snow-covered sidewalks, Lenora pressed closely to him. With his lust rising like the heat from the dashboard vents, they drove to her house.

*

At the Galloway house, they barely made it through a third of the movie before the sexual tension between them became unbearable. Ray reached over and cupped the back of Lenora’s head, feeling the silkiness of her hair in his hand. She turned to him, her lips soft, moist and willing. With a passion he’d rarely felt before, they kissed. Their bodies pressed together, groping, feeling, breathing in soft gasps.
At some point, she rose and, instead of using the remote, walked slowly to the television and video player. Two quick touches and the machines were off. In the dim light of the fading television screen, she pulled her sweater over her head in a single, smooth motion. Arching her back, she removed her bra. Then, with elbows high, she ran her hands through her hair, the movement accentuating the roundness of her breasts. She sauntered over to him. Her nipples stood out in bold relief, and he consumed them with eager lips.
Ray’s jeans grew tight from the lump of granite expanding in his crotch. He stood. Eyeing his bulge, Lenora pressed her palm there and moaned softly, then turned and guided him by the hand to her bedroom. 

*

Ray woke to a darkened room. Aided by the glow provided by a nightlight in the hallway, he traced with his gaze the circular pattern on the stucco ceiling that looked like a thousand ripples in a pool.
Lenora’s head nestled against his shoulder, her face beautiful and peaceful in sleep. Her steady breathing softly broke the silence of the room. The faint smell of her perfume, so intoxicating before, drifted to him and summoned fresh images of their shared passion. Images of their lovemaking stirred him yet again as he rested beneath the covers with her naked body pressed into his side.
He caressed her smooth shoulder, then pulled the sheet up to cover her cool, exposed skin. As quietly as possible, he rose from the bed.
Immediately, the chill of the air replaced the warmth from Lenora’s body, and he shivered. He found his underwear and sweater on the floor. In the bathroom, he put them on and took care of a nature call.
He treaded down the hallway and crept downstairs to the kitchen. He flipped a switch. The overhead light flickered for a moment before blasting the entire kitchen with bright white light. Squinting against the glare, Ray searched one cabinet then another over the sink until he found a cup and filled it with water. The floor sent cold into bare feet as he drank. 
He peered at the glass shelf over the sink. On it were framed photographs of a lovely woman, handsome young boy and a distinguished-looking man he instantly recognized as Victor Galloway. Evidently these were family photographs, most of which were no more than a few years old judging by Walt’s development from infant to preschooler.
He couldn’t look away from the photos. Victor appeared happy and proud. A familiar twinge in Ray’s gut told him he should have similar photos of his own. He should be in his own kitchen looking at pictures of his own family instead of someone else’s.
He still thought Victor looked uncannily like the man the paramedics had brought into the E.R. just last weekend. But Galloway had died and his body had been in the grave for almost a year now. Still, the similarity was eerie.
Ray shivered.
Unable to stand the photographs any longer, he gazed out the window and took another swallow of water.
The moon over the backyard was full, bold and bright. The night glowed under its power. Snow covered the bare branches of the trees and lay in a thick blanket on the ground through which a few blades of unruly grass poked.
Winter deadlock.
Ray’s sixth sense kicked up a sudden alert. Ice played up and down his spine. 
Out in the cold, something watched him. 
Peering from tree trunk to tree trunk, he searched the shadows. He scanned what looked to be a garden in the far corner of the upper lot. Nothing. Warily, he eyed the shed where Victor Galloway had no doubt stored his tools.
Did moonlight gleam in a pair of eyes peering from the shadows beside the shed? Was there a dark form there, darker than the surrounding shadow?
He stared so long his eyes watered. Wiping them with the back of his hand, he lowered his gaze. When he looked back, the half impression of a form in the shadows was gone, as was the attack on his sixth sense.
Strange.
He hadn’t had the feeling of being watched—except for at the hospital—until he’d started seeing Lenora these past two nights.
His sixth sense had kicked in both last night and tonight, though.
There was no denying it.
Maybe he just felt guilty about seeing her. Maybe the fact she was a widow played upon his conscience. Maybe he felt Victor should be here, and not him.
But Victor was dead.
Lenora needed someone alive.
Ray put the cup in the dishwasher, then walked back upstairs to Lenora’s bedroom. For a moment, he stood watching her. Then he removed his sweater and climbed beneath the covers.
“Whoa! Your feet are freezing!”
He nearly jumped, surprised to find her awake.
She squinted at him. “Heard you in the kitchen. When you live with just yourself and a child, you hear everything that goes on in your house at night.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.” 
She put his arm around her shoulders. “Everything all right?”
He kissed her. “Oh, yeah.”
“I think you need some warming up, fella.”
Her hands found him and thawed him to his soul.

*

They woke early the next morning, just after sunrise, curled up with each other. They shifted on the bed, snuggled up again.
“That was nice last night, Ray,” she whispered to him.
“Incredible,” he whispered. He murmured something about getting up, then fell back asleep to the sounds of Lenora’s steady breathing.
At some point they stirred again. Ray reached over to the nightstand next to the bed. He groped and soon found his watch. “Ten-thirty… I didn’t realize it was so late.”
She blinked a few times then looked at him. “Oh, you need to go.”
“No, not really. I just don’t want to interfere with any plans you might have.”
“I won’t be picking Walt up until tonight. It’s only an hour drive to my folk’s place. Maybe we could do something until then. I mean, unless you think I’m being too pushy.”
“You’re not being pushy. All I had planned for today was my regularly scheduled bout with the Sunday blues. What would you like to do?”
“I don’t know. We could go to a matinee of that movie we missed last night or to the museums or just a walk along the Potomac Trails for a while.”
“A walk along the river sounds great. I need to get some things from my apartment, though. Sweats, sneakers, gloves, that kind of thing. I hope the sun burns away some of the snow from the trails.” 
“We can stop by your place on our way there,” she said. “Didn’t you say it’s close to the trails?”
“Sure is. I bike or walk there a few times a week.”
“And you still smoke? You’re a contradiction, Ray.” 
He smiled. “Everybody’s got to be something. But you’re right, I need to lose the cancer sticks, and I will. I’ve cut down a lot. Just can’t quit altogether yet.”
She nodded. He could see by the controlled expression on her face that she wanted to say more about it, but held off. They didn’t know each other well enough for that…yet. Together they rose from the bed. He turned a little to the side, shielding his nakedness, while she stretched on her tiptoes, arms over her head in full display.
Bashful she ain’t, he decided. Not even close.
“Care for some eggs and toast for breakfast?” she asked. 
He pulled on his underwear. “That’d be great. Want me to cook?”
“You cook?”
“I live alone, remember? Somebody’s got to cook.”
She smiled. “You can get it next time.”
The thought of her wanting to see him yet again sent a rush of warmth through his body. He could really be on to something here with Ms. Lenora Galloway.
“Let’s get some air,” Ray suggested.
The miles passed without effort as Ray and Lenora strode the shores of the Potomac. Sunglasses cut the glare coming off the ice-choked river. Thy teased each other one moment and had serious discussions the next. There were many smiles and bursts of laughter from Lenora. The steady exercise warmed them. Ray couldn’t help but wonder at how at ease he felt with this beautiful woman.
After the walk, they returned to her house and took showers in separate bathrooms. When she came out of her bathroom wrapped in only a towel, he was waiting on the bed. Leaping to his feet, he caught her up in his arms and let out a playful cry. He loosened the end of the towel and it slid from her to the floor. Picking her up as if carrying her over the threshold, he kissed her. Unhurried, they made love. 
Time stood still.
Later, hunger of a more mundane sort drove them to the kitchen.
“I’d like you to meet Walt, but not tonight,” she told him as they ate sandwiches for dinner and watched the sun set through the kitchen windows. They both wore jeans and sweatshirts. She was braless and he enjoyed glancing at the swell of her breasts and protruding nipples from beneath the sweatshirt.
“Of course,” he said. “Walt doesn’t need to come home to find a stranger with his mom. How about later this week?”
“That’d be great. Maybe you could come over for dinner, followed by a Walt Disney movie and popcorn.”
“Love to,” he said as the final slices of pale sunlight faded into the darkening tree line. When he looked back at her, she was watching him, her right eyebrow angled high and a mischievous smile on her lips.
“What?” He laughed.
“Think you could step up to the plate one more time?”
He took a deep breath and let it out. “Wow, I don’t know. My little buddy’s not used to so much attention. I want to, I just think he’s getting a little tender, you know what I mean?”
She rose and sauntered over to him.
The blood pounded in his ears as she lifted her sweatshirt off, reached for his head with both hands and gently pulled him to her breasts, to which he promptly attended.
They escaped him as she kneeled. After unbuttoning his jeans and unzipping his fly, she eased his underwear down over his thighs. She held his stiffening manhood between her palms and smiled at him.
“Looks like your little buddy’s up for more attention,” she said, her tongue and lips scorching him with wet fire.
“I think you’re right,” he breathed. 
Chapter Twenty

Victor pressed the ignition button and listened as the Jaguar’s engine roared then fell off to a steady purr. Through the windshield he caught sidelong glances from patients and visitors walking through the well-lit parking lot on their way to the hospital. He wasn’t so dead that he didn’t realize that to them his jeans, sweater, hiking boots and ski jacket contradicted the fine luxury of the car. The living were always so concerned with image.
The only image Victor needed to project was that of a surgeon willing to assist in Tobias’ evil schemes.
The sleeve of the ski jacket rustled against his side as he put the car into drive. The jacket was strictly for effect. He didn’t need it, or any clothes for that matter, to protect him from winter’s icy bite. The snow on the ground told him it was cold out. That, and the warm vapor that rose from the mouths and noses of the living.
He didn’t wonder that he was impervious to cold as he drove the Jaguar down the familiar, hazily-lit streets of Old Town Alexandria and into the residential streets of Mount Vernon. His thoughts revolved around a single topic. He parked the car a block from his destination and walked.
No one was out, though the hour wasn’t late. The cold had a way of keeping the living inside…especially at night.
With a mix of anticipation and dread, he stopped and stared at the snow clinging to an overhead power line that ran between two streetlights.
He should turn back.
If he didn’t, he might play right into Tobias’ hands and request that his family cross death’s threshold. And if he sold out like that and aided Tobias fully, who would attempt to counter the evil of his own kind, the undead?
No one.
More lives would be taken. More families would suffer. The number of undead would swell as Tobias implemented his plans of taking over more and more hospitals throughout the area. And what would stop Tobias from just running hospitals? His undead could infiltrate the police, banks, business…even Congress. And the undead could remain so for what…centuries? Perhaps forever?
If he didn’t at least try to put an end Tobias and his undead soon—while they were still relatively contained in one physical location like a nest of serpents—he might never get the opportunity again. He looked over his shoulder at the Jaguar, a lavish gift meant to bring him to this precise spot.
He should drive back to the hospital right now. Instead, he cut a sudden path from the sidewalk and into his backyard neighbor’s wooded lot. He moved like a shadow, so quiet that his neighbor’s German Shepherd, dozing in his doghouse just below the balcony, didn’t stir.
Without pause, Victor effortlessly leaped the five-foot picket fence he’d erected six years earlier and entered his backyard. Could it still be considered his? The very positions of the barren trees were landmarks to him, at once familiar. This was his land. This was where he’d lived for six years, and this was where he’d started to die beneath the crushing force of the heart attack.
It had changed.
The woods were overgrown with knee-high young saplings of oak and pine. Briar patches clustered like cancer cells around him as he walked, snagging on his jeans. There never used to be thorny shrubs of any kind around when he’d taken care of the yard. He glided through the woods until he emerged into the plateau-like clearing that rose above his backyard.
He was finally here! There were the tall poplar trees, so straight and proud, that marked the boundaries of the lot. There was the massive oak in the middle of the lawn that he’d saved from the bulldozer when the construction workers first cleared the lot, its barren branches now stretching into the starry night. There was the tool shed he’d built on this plateau, well away from the… And there was his house.
He tore his gaze from it. He’d almost started running toward it, shouting for Walt and Lenora.
Poking through the snow were dry stalks of dead weeds—dead weeds where his garden once flourished. He remembered the lush pepper plants, tomatoes, carrots, lettuce and tall corn that had once sprung from these same rows. Now stunted corn stalks poked through the layer of weeds, no doubt grown from the unharvested seeds that had fallen to the ground after his death.
Three rows of rusted chicken wire sagged against wooden stakes that had served as fence supports. Remnants of pea plants had, like the corn, sprung from the seeds of last year’s neglected harvest. They had grown in a few scattered clumps, and many tendrils from the plants had climbed the chicken wire. Now the wild plants were dead, dull brown and fishing-line thin. Victor lightly tapped one of the stems with his naked index finger. The stem shattered. Pieces of it fell and disappeared into the snow.
Victor walked slowly past the decaying remnants of his garden to the dark side of the tool shed, where the light of the half-moon would not shine upon him.
The lights inside the house threw a warm glow onto the snow. Just as when he lived there, no blinds or curtains hung over the back windows and sliding glass doors of the balcony and lower patio. There was no need for curtains. The woods lining the lot were so thick that even in winter no one could see anything unless they actually stood in the backyard.
He could see the back of the couch downstairs in the family room, the grandfather clock in the corner, the loveseat angled to the side of the couch. The stone fireplace, darkened now where he would have had a nice fire going to keep everyone warm, stood as part of the far wall, the wall where his medical and undergraduate diplomas used to hang beside Lenora’s marketing diploma. Now there was only one framed diploma on the wall.
He was certain Lenora had saved his diplomas somewhere, probably to show Walt when he was old enough to appreciate such things. He realized she must have been almost forced to take them down. They were, quite simply, a large part of what had defined him. To her he was dead and gone; to have these pieces of his identity on the wall would have brought her pain every time she looked at them.
Damn this.
A shriek next to him—the unnatural sound of powerful fingers gouging into wood. Turning, he realized his fingers had ploughed inch-deep rows in the siding, converging on a center point. He put his hands inside his jacket and turned his attention to the house where he used to live.
There! Oh God…
Lenora passed before the hallway window dressed in jeans and a thick wool sweater, disappeared and reappeared at the kitchen window, the one he knew to be over the sink.
She had shorter hair now. Her face was set a bit differently, no doubt from the hardships of the past year.
Her shoulders and arms moved fluidly, her body turning to the side then fully back to the window once again. She must be doing the dishes. She moved gracefully, a trait that had always impressed him. The way she moved almost defined who she was—beautiful, graceful, loving. She was far more beautiful than even his most vivid memory of her.
He took a step toward the house. 
He needed to go to her…needed to feel her in his arms. 
No!
Do that and he’d play right into Tobias’ scheme. 
Here he was, outside his own house on a winter’s night, unable to go to his own wife. Unable to feel the comfort of her arms around him. Unable to feel her love.
He felt his soul tear right down the middle.
He couldn’t go to his family, but he had to see them one last time. Things would be left…unfinished…if he didn’t see them this final time.
He forced his gaze from Lenora at the kitchen window.
Anxiously, he scanned the other windows.
Downstairs in the family room, the television was on. An animated show played. A Disney movie. Suddenly a head and slim shoulders covered by a sweatshirt popped over the back of the couch. Blond hair, straight. The boy glanced to his right and Victor nearly cried out at the sight of his profile.
God, there he was.
Older now, taller, but every bit the son he conjured from memory time and time again.
He’d nearly missed a year of Walt’s life.
And now there he was.
The pain struck deep into Victor’s undead soul and nearly dropped him.
Walt…! 
His son’s laughter, hugs, stores of energy…all of it came in a rush. The times he asked Daddy to rub his back before sleep, to read him a story, to play with his toys.
Victor clenched his hands, threw his head back and silently screamed at the stars that blazed above him.
The world hung in balance as he strained every vile muscle in his putrid, undead body. He ground his teeth and felt them chip. Finally he broke, the tension bleeding out of him. He sagged like a sapling after an ice storm. He had to lean against the shed for support.
But he couldn’t take his gaze from the house.
Lenora was now downstairs with Walt. She stood at the foot of the stairs and seemed to be talking to him. Then she gestured behind her, moving away from the stairs to let someone pass. It was a man. A stranger with his family.
Fury erupted within him as he watched the bearded man. He wanted to rip the man’s head from his shoulders and hurl it high over the trees and stomp the rest of him into a bleeding mass. The man smiled broadly and extended his hand out to Walt. Walt didn’t shake the man’s hand. Instead he glanced away to the television. Lenora gestured with both hands, palm up, imploring. Walt put on a determined face and shook his head back and forth, blond hair flying.
Good boy, Walt. Don’t let that man take the place of your dad. Nobody can take your daddy’s place. Nobody! 
But Victor’s fury was suddenly tempered by his next thoughts.
He could not go to them, nor could he ever live with them. He needed to consider what was best for them, not him.
A voice, perhaps imagined, perhaps carried on the night breeze, whispered, “Bring them over to our side, Victor. Bring them over and you will never be without them. You’ll never have to leave them again.”
“No!” Victor hissed.
“Think about it, Victor. No stranger would ever take your place.”
He dropped to his knees and plunged his hand up to his wrist into the frozen, snow-covered ground. It hit with a muffled explosion.
“I will never let allow them to become one of the undead!”
“You’ll never have to leave them…”
“I’ll destroy you first. I swear to God, I’ll destroy all of you!”
The whispering, and the breeze, subsided into silence. The silence of the dead of night, in the dead of winter. A groan, like that of an old man welcoming death, emerged from Victor’s constricted throat.
He must not go to his family. Ever. The temptation to remain with them would overwhelm his better judgment. It had to be this way. Had to be.
He recovered enough to rise and lean on the shed, from there to stand.
Like a man.
Lenora needed someone. He had to trust her to choose well.
He squinted.
The man with the beard. Brennan. The last living programmer at H.E.L.L. 
Victor stayed for another hour, watching Lenora and Walt and this Ray Brennan. After Walt went to his bedroom upstairs and the light there dimmed, Victor turned away.
“Love you guys,” he whispered. 
He walked back the way he came, his head bowed.
He’d passed the test. He would not bring his family in. But they weren’t safe until Tobias and the rest of them were destroyed. It was time to enlist Ray Brennan to his cause. 
Chapter Twenty-one

Ray scowled at the desolation around him.
Winter had the hospital courtyard in a stranglehold. The red, yellow and blue pansies that had lined the brick walkway in the warm months had long since died off, and now all that was left of them were withered remains. The once-lush trees had jettisoned their leaves and were now barren and gray. And the three-tiered fountains he normally found so pleasing were silent, their basins locked in solid ice.
The songbirds that had frequented this tiny Eden were a memory. Now the only sound in the entire courtyard was the periodic breeze that kicked up to sting Ray’s face and send brittle leaves skittering over the brown grass.
The retreat of life had never really bothered him before, but now he was ill at ease, as if there were undertones of finality to it. With each day he wished more and more fervently for the arrival of spring to reassure him that winter’s chokehold would loosen and give way and life would return.
But as he looked around now, it was painfully obvious spring was a long time coming.
As he walked to one of the stone benches, he took the soft-pack of Dorals from the inside pocket of his ski jacket, peeled off the plastic covering and banged on the pack a couple of times. Three cigarettes stood out from the pack like tiny tobacco towers. Ray selected one and returned the pack to the inside of his jacket. Patting his pants pockets, he felt the lump of the ninety-nine cent butane lighter. With the cigarette pinched between his lips, he cupped his hands before his face to ward off the breeze and, after three thumb flicks, was able to fire up the lighter. He took a deep drag on the cigarette, stuffed the lighter back in his pocket and sat, the cold from the stone already starting to permeate through his pants to his buttocks.
Staring at the silent fountain before him, he exhaled streams of blue-white smoke into the crisp, tight air.
What could he do now? Ginny was missing…probably dead. The entire hospital could be criminal. The only good thing to come along was Lenora. Walt didn’t want much to do with him, but he was a good kid who missed his father. 
Ray took another drag.
He’d just try to be friends with Walt, not replace Victor. It’d only been a few weeks. Walt would probably warm to him before too long.
What about the crap going on here at the hospital?
The click of the courtyard door as it latched into place broke h musings. A tall, bald guy in a white lab coat draped over green scrubs glanced casually around before walking farther into the courtyard. Another doc, Ray mused, one who didn’t appear to be in any kind of hurry. Probably picturing his golf swing or deciding which country club to join.
Ray faced the dead fountain and dragged on the cigarette. After a moment he noticed his right leg was bouncing up and down like a piston. It was cold out, but that wasn’t the reason. He wasn’t what his mother called a twitcher. Something was making him nervous. But then, the hospital itself gave him the creeps as soon as he walked through the doors. If it weren’t for Lenora working just across the street in that satellite office, he’d have hit the highway by now, job in hand or not.
Ray exhaled blue smoke.
“Slow suicide, Mister Brennan?”
Ray started. How’d the doc gotten way over here already? Ray eyed the man’s face and bald head for a moment then shrugged, returning his gaze to the rivulets of ice that gripped the sides of the fountain like long, constricting fingers. “We’ve all got to die sometime.”
“Don’t be so sure.”
Ray eyed the man. “How’s that?”
“Don’t be so sure you’re going to die.”
“Whoa…” Ray said, feeling his eyebrows arch. “That’s quite a statement.”
“It’s true.”
“You’re serious.”
“I’ve never been more serious, Mister Brennan.”
“Have we met?”
“Not officially,” the doctor said, staring into the frozen fountain. “I’ve been trying to get up with you, though. I tried to phone you at your desk just now, but obviously you weren’t there. I’ve seen you out here before and thought I’d give it a chance. Now’s the best time for us to talk, but we’ve only got a few minutes.”
Ray frowned. Why would a doctor want to get up with him? He exhaled a thin stream of smoke. “Want to sit, Doc?”
“Yes.” He sat at the other end of the bench and didn’t look at Ray. Instead, he continued to stare at the lifeless fountain in front of them.
“Kind of cool out here without a jacket,” Ray noted, eyeing the man’s attire.
“Not for me.”
“Radio said twenty-two degrees. You’re one of those polar bear guys who really gets into the cold, huh?”
“Used to hate the cold. Now it doesn’t bother me.”
“Why’s that?”
“I’m not like you.”
“I’m not much like me anymore, either.”
“I’m not alive, Brennan.”
Ray forgot to breathe a second. Finally, he said, “Look, Doctor…?”
“Waller. That’s now my official name. Smoke your cancer stick and don’t stare at me. Try to appear casual despite what I’m going to tell you.”
Ray played along and addressed the fountain. “Well, uh, Doctor Waller, you don’t seem crazy, but we’d need a trained professional to be sure, right? Maybe I’m going crazy. That isn’t too much of a stretch for someone working in this place. Yeah, maybe I’m going crazy.”
“No, you’re not.”
Ray had to turn and look at him. “Well, I could have sworn you said you weren’t alive.”
The doctor nodded that bald head and, as he’d said, didn’t look the least bothered by the cold air. “I did say it. I’m not alive.” 
“Are you insane?”
“No, but even that would be better than this. Don’t stare.”
Ray had a feeling this would rank as the strangest conversation of his life. But he wasn’t going to back away. There was something going on around this hospital and around this man that was on the brink of unfolding. And unlike Clyde and the rest of them, this doctor didn’t come across as overtly dangerous. Weird, yes…threatening, no.
Ray held the cigarette between the knuckles of his right hand, cupped his hands together, blew on them for warmth. “I don’t mean to be disrespectful,” he said between breaths. “But at this point I don’t much care if you get me fired or not. I don’t need four years of medical school to know that people who aren’t alive are, by definition, dead. And the dead don’t go around walking in the hospital courtyard in the middle of January without a coat on, talking to programmers they’ve never met before. Dead people just aren’t that active. Look at it from my point of view. It’s more than a little peculiar, wouldn’t you say?”
“Absolutely.”
“Good. Then we agree with each other.”
“Maybe you’ve heard of me, especially since you’ve been…seeing Lenora. I’m Victor Galloway.”
Ray stiffened. He forgot how to breathe. Without rising from the bench, this doctor had knocked the air out of him.
“Breathe,” the doc commanded.
It took a few seconds.
“Victor Galloway’s been dead almost a year. You said your name was Waller.”
“My official name, yes, not my real name. They’ve provided me with phony licenses, a social security number, even a fake birth certificate. I saw you the first time they brought me to this accursed place. I was still alive and having my heart attack. I died from it, thanks to them. I also saw you when they brought me in a second time, this time as an undead. I tried to destroy myself and they wouldn’t let me die. They brought me back here in the ambulance…again. You remember seeing me both times, don’t you, Ray?”
The cigarette dropped from his lips. It took him two tries to grab it from the bench. “How could you be…?”
“They changed my face, but I am Victor Galloway.”
“…back from the dead?” Ray whispered.
“My death wasn’t some kind of insurance ploy or something. I died, Mister Brennan, and Tobias and his monsters gave me a new, darker existence. Not life, mind you…but existence. An existence that is a true perversion of nature. And one that, unlike them, I loathe.”
A hush descended upon the courtyard. Even the cold breeze that had earlier whistled in Ray’s ears was gone.
“Think of it as a resurrection,” the doctor added. “A dark resurrection.”
For the first time Ray noticed that no breath vapor came from the man’s mouth as he spoke, though Ray’s own breath curled high into the air before dissipating in the frigid air. “Locomotive breath,” Jethro Tull had coined and sung on the Aqualung compact disc. Of the two people out in this courtyard, only Ray had locomotive breath. Their eyes locked. Ray could feel the man’s gaze boring into his own.
“You are Galloway,” he whispered. “Your eyes. I’ll never forget the look in your eyes.” He slumped on the bench. “How…?”
“They murdered me. I was having a heart attack and they could have saved me. Instead they injected me with a strong amphetamine solution, sped up my heart rate and I died. I was clinically and biologically dead. Somehow they brought me back. The only thing I know about it is that it is evil. I can explain nothing else.”
Victor looked at the fountain for a long moment. Then he glanced around, tried to be casual as he did so. After a moment, a sudden smile appeared on his face, as if he was responding to something humorous Ray had said. “It’s a goddamn perversion,” he said, and, despite the smile, his eyes were hard as stone.
“The second time…” Ray said, his voice hoarse. “The second time I thought I was wrong… I thought it couldn’t be you.”
“It was.”
Ray put his hands in his jacket pockets to hide their shaking. 
“You said yourself that something isn’t right with most of the people working in this place,” Victor said.
“Yeah, I did. But I didn’t think it was from anything like what you’re talking about.”
“Look at me.”
He watched as the man who was Victor Galloway, but looked like someone else, parted the white lab coat and turned toward him. The green vee-necked shirt that covered his chest was clean and without a wrinkle.
“You know where the heart is located on a human, don’t you?” the doctor asked.
“Generally. I’m no doctor, but it’s slightly left of center. Why?”
Galloway ignored the last. “That’s correct…left of center, or just below the left interior pectoralis muscle.”
Galloway reached into his lab coat pocket and produced a gray metallic object. It had a curved, sharpened end that came to a precise point. Ray didn’t see them often, but he knew a scalpel when he saw one.
“Hey, what are you—” he started.
In a blur of motion Galloway pointed the scalpel at his own chest and thrust inward. He drove it into his chest just below the pectoralis muscle, left of center.
“Hey!” Ray leapt to his feet.
Galloway used one hand to wave him down.
Ray sank back to the bench. The guy should have collapsed with blood spraying from the wound. That scalpel easily pierced his heart. He should be dying or dead.
But the doctor appeared as if nothing had happened.
Galloway removed his hand. He sat there for a moment, lapels of his lab coat parted just enough for Ray to see the scalpel handle jutting from his chest.
Ray stared. Only a couple inches of the scalpel’s gray handle were visible. The rest was buried in Galloway’s chest. Yet, the man only sat and watched Ray.
“Sorry for the garish display,” he said, “but it’s necessary to prove to you that what I say is true.”
“You’re not alive.”
In a single smooth motion, Galloway removed the scalpel, held it down between his legs for a moment. “That dark smear of fluid is not blood…not human blood. It’s some kind of ichor that moves like sludge through our bodies. Our life force—if you want to call it that—is radically different from yours. I don’t really understand it, but I do know you can’t destroy us by stabbing us in the body. There are other ways, but that’s not one of them.” Then the scalpel was gone, hidden in his lab coat pocket.
Ray looked back at Galloway’s shirt. There was the incision hole, and around it a small, dark stain, but nothing more. After a moment Galloway pulled his lapel over it.
Ray cleared his throat. “You’re some kind of…zombie?”
“Something like that, except not slow and stupid like in the movies. We are strong, fast and smart, depending on how well fed we are. Nearly the entire staff of this hospital is made up of undead like myself. I’m different only in the way I think. Either I’m the only who has turned out differently or they usually destroy ones like me.
“You are one of the last of the living in this place, Ray Brennan. They’ve got to cover their tracks around you since you’ve got access to a lot of information about them. Granted, a lot of the information they enter into the computers is skewed, but the final results are hard to hide. The death trends are there for the right person to extract. A programmer like you could extract this information. I need you to download as much data as you can and process it into reports that any district attorney and investigator and jury member in the world could understand.”
“But—”
“I can’t tell you everything here. I can only tell you we don’t have a lot of time. They’re growing in number every day and they’ll probably catch on to me before long. I’m certain they’re watching us right now, but I had to risk the encounter. I’ll have to meet you later, at a place where we can talk more freely. Where do you live?”
The address came out of Ray’s mouth before he could even think.
Victor Galloway stood and smoothed a fold in his white lab coat. Pretended to concentrate on it. “I have to go now. I’ll be at your place tonight. I don’t know when, except that it’ll be after dark. Be careful…they’ve been following you. Take extra turns driving home, check your mirrors a lot. And whatever you do, scout the parking lot from inside your car before going up to your apartment. They grab a lot of people from parking lots.”
“Who’s been following me?”
“Tobias’…shall we say…people.”
“Why me?”
“Why not you? You’re the last in your department who isn’t part of the undead team. You have access to information that could incriminate them.”
“So I’m…I’m on their list?”
“Top ten seed. They’re already following you, and I can assure you they have anything but good intentions. All I can tell you now is that if you don’t help me, a lot of people are going to die, and those who have already died will go unavenged…including Ginny Travers.”
He looked sharply at Victor. “What do you know about Ginny?”
“I’m sorry to tell you this, but she’s dead. I saw her picture on your desk. You were friends. I knew her only just before she was murdered. She…”
“Murdered,” Ray whispered. He turned his head to blink away the tears that suddenly brimmed in his eyes. It didn’t work. He had to use the back of his hand. “How did it…how did it happen?” 
Galloway paused, looked away. “They did it. Tobias, his demon ally in the tunnel, and his followers. As a programmer here, Ginny must have suspected a lot of what you know now. They captured her and tried to use her against me. She was very brave. She defied them, told me they were trying to use her to sway me to work for them. Then the demon killed her. Before she died, she asked me to do what I had to do in order to destroy them.”
“Where did it happen?”
“In the tunnel. B2 on one particular elevator panel. As far as I know, only one elevator can reach the tunnel. They were holding me captive in a cell in the tunnel. Held me there until I signed a work contract with them. Now Tobias holds the lives of my family over my head so I’ll do his bidding for an entire year.”
“Did she suffer?”
“Mentally, yes. Physically, her death came quickly.”
Ray rubbed his eyes, then took a deep drag and exhaled. “You said a demon?”
“I think he’s a demon. I don’t know for sure. He’s stronger than any of the undead I’ve met, including Tobias. He’s Tobias’ ally. Goes by the name of Jack. He goes from humanoid form to a beast and back again in a split second. He broke Ginny’s neck before I could stop him. I’m sorry.”
“I think the police need to know you were with Ginny when she died,” Ray said.
“They’ll laugh at you. They might even be undead themselves, although I don’t think Tobias is quite that powerful…yet. No, the police won’t find any trace of her body because she’s been incinerated. They’ll have no evidence of foul play except for what they have now, which is only that she’s missing. And they’ll never believe a word of what I told you about me, Tobias, Jack or the rest of his monsters.”
Suddenly Victor’s eyes flared with ferocity. His gaze bored into Ray and for the first time Ray felt threatened by the man.
“I’m going to try and take Tobias and the rest of my kind out of the ballgame,” Galloway said, his eyes like twin laser beams. “But I need your help in case I don’t succeed.”
“But…”
“Will you help me?” 
The talking dead man stared with that terrible look in his eyes, that look that bore holes all the way into Ray’s soul. “Yeah, I’ll help. But I need to know more.”
“That’s all I can tell you for now. I know I’ve slammed you over the head with it, but at this point we don’t have the time for spoon feeding. This courtyard is the only place in the hospital that isn’t bugged with microphones. If you want to make Ginny’s killers pay for what they did to her and what the monsters of this place are doing to other innocent people every day, then you’ll meet me at your apartment tonight.”
He paused before continuing.
“I love my family more than anything in life or death, Brennan. You don’t know what it’s like to know your wife is dating again and your son will forget his father as time passes on…but I’ve accepted it. I can never return to them as one of the undead. That’s why I had my face changed, in case I was tempted. If you do nothing else, Mr. Brennan, leave them ignorant of the fact I never truly died. It can do them no good. I’ll say it again, do not tell Lenora or Walt what has happened to me. I could never forgive such a thing.”
Ray swallowed. “I won’t tell them. But just to let you know, Lenora told me Walt thinks you’re alive.”
“He does?” Galloway gazed into some distant feeling or memory. “He must feel something…something I hadn’t counted on. I’m sorry, son. I’m so sorry I can’t be with you.”
Galloway’s hands clenched. His knuckles protruded angrily, seeking something to strike or smash. After a moment his chin lifted and the tension seemed to ebb. Perhaps it pooled at the core of his being. “He’ll forget with time,” he said, more to himself than to Ray.
He’s going through hell, Ray thought, nearly putting a hand on Galloway’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
Victor stood. Suddenly he was tall and commanding and desperate. “Don’t risk any more time here. Leave the hospital now. Make up some excuse in case someone stops and asks, but leave now and meet me at your place tonight. Keep your guard up at all times. They’re not playing games, and neither are we.” 
Ray watched, dumbfounded, as Victor almost drifted through the courtyard. He paused in front of the door, opened it and disappeared inside.
His story had been fantastic. Ray wanted to run and hide from it, wanted to declare Galloway’s story the ravings of a madman. But the man wasn’t crazy. He was Victor Galloway. He died of a heart attack on March twenty-sixth of last year. He returned as one of the undead. What was going on here in H.E.L.L. was evil at work, and what had happened to an unknown number of victims, including Ginny, was also horribly true.
Ray stared at the iced fountain.
Tears traced down the weather-bitten flesh of his cheeks, searingly hot, almost scalding his skin.
He smelled an acrid odor and looked down to see the glowing red end of the cigarette burning his fingers. Dropping the cigarette to the ground, he crushed it with the ball of his foot. For the better part of a half hour, he remained in the courtyard until his teeth began to chatter.
But inside, his soul burned with white-hot flames.
He wasn’t going to act as a backup for Victor Galloway. He was going to do more than that. He was going to help Galloway destroy Tobias and company. Make them pay for what they had done. Make them pay for what they were doing to innocent lives this very moment.
Monsters they may be, but if he could touch them, and he knew he could, then he could kill them.
Somehow.
And Victor Galloway seemed to have some kind of strategy in mind. 
Chapter Twenty-two

“How have Doctor Galloway’s patients fared?” Tobias asked from behind the massive mahogany desk.
He wore another impeccably tailored suit that was an exact fit for his large frame. It was navy blue, pinstriped and double breasted, except now there was a large white napkin tucked into his collar and spread over his chest to protect the white shirt and silk tie from any stray droplets.
With a long knife, he carefully sliced a thin strip from the quivering liver on his plate. Gently, he impaled the bloody morsel on the tines of his golden fork and lifted it to his mouth in a refined, almost delicate manner, as if he were dining in a four-star restaurant and wanted to demonstrate his table etiquette. His eyelids drooped as he savored that which he chewed. He didn’t notice the thin stream of blood and saliva that trickled from the corner of his mouth onto his chin.
Doctors Stillway and Lyedecker sat in the studded leather guest chairs opposite Tobias. They had just consumed more than their share at lunch, but even so they had to fight the almost irresistible urge to get up and sink their teeth into the hunk of liver on Tobias’ plate. They swallowed and tried to focus their attention on the window over Tobias’ shoulder.
“Galloway’s patients are doing well for the living, not well for us,” Stillway declared, his voice more than a little strained.
“But didn’t several of his patients expire?”
“Yes,” Lyedecker said. “You’re dining on the liver from one of them.”
“And it’s quite delicious, I assure you.”
“But it wasn’t by design that the cow died,” Stillway said. 
Tobias looked at him sharply. “You believe Galloway’s not carrying out his end of the bargain?”
“Not like we want him to.”
“You both observed him during surgery.”
“Yes,” Stillway said, glancing at Lyedecker sitting in the other chair. “Galloway makes it look like he’s helping our cause, but in the end, the results are not as they should be. His patients died from true complications, not imposed ones. Not from any deliberate technique on his part. Four other patients of his should have come down with pneumonia or emphysema, but they didn’t, though I watched him inject mucus directly into their chest cavities.”
“He missed the lungs, then?”
“Evidently. The cow’s white blood cells will make short work of mucus if injected into the main body, whereas if injected into the lungs, the brachial passages get bogged down, opening the way for infection to settle in.”
Tobias’ fork, with another slice of liver quivering on the tines, hesitated in its upward path; his jaw worked as he carefully chewed the piece already in his mouth. After a moment, he nodded as if arriving at a decision, then resumed chewing with full vigor. “Does Galloway know that you know?” he asked, from the side of his mouth.
“Not yet,” Lyedecker responded.
“Keep it that way…for now.”
Tobias shoved the remaining slices of liver into his mouth, chewed rapidly and swallowed. He unhitched the napkin from his collar and dabbed at the blood on his thin lips. Placing the napkin on the plate, he rose, walked to the window and used his index finger to part a Venetian blind at his eye-level.
Into the courtyard outside he peered for a moment as his personal secretary, Ms. Asheley, cleared away his plate and walked toward the door. Then he glanced over his shoulder and watched the way her hips swung from side to side in the mini-dress as she sauntered out of the office.
Watching her, Tobias had the inane thought that he could almost feel a pulse throbbing against his temple. With more than a little difficulty, he turned to the task at hand.
“It’s time to turn up the heat on our Doctor Galloway, gentlemen,” he announced, peering through the crack in the blinds. “I want him sitting up front at the sanction tonight.”
The men nodded. A front row seat at a sanction sent a clear message. One that could not be overlooked or misconstrued.
Tobias continued, eyeing Galloway and Ray Brennan outside in the courtyard. “Odd that they are out there talking with each other. They appear to be two men with a shared interest. Could it be pure chance?”
He flicked at the blind with the nail of his index finger, lost in thought. Finally he moved and pressed a button on his phone. A voice responded over the speaker.
“How can I serve you, Mr. Tobias?” came the instant response. 
“Clyde, I’ve decided it’s time we brought in your last programmer.” 
Clyde gave a jubilant snicker. “We’ve followed Brennan for the past few weeks. Like I first told you, he’s been seeing Lenora Galloway.”
“That must end immediately,” Tobias said softly. “Based on your report, our Victor has been out to his old house and has seen them together. I want Ray Brennan out of the picture so that Victor feels no competition from the living. The more he sees that his wife and son are just as alone as he is, the more he will want to bring them in.” He peered down at the phone. “I trust you know Brennan’s schedule and after-work habits?”
“Yes,” Clyde said.
“Then do it. First opportunity.”
“With pleasure, sir.”
Tobias hit a button and hung up on Clyde. Then he addressed the undead doctors in his office. “Gentlemen, you are dismissed.” 
Lyedecker and Stillway rose and drifted to the door.
“Oh,” Tobias said, as if catching an afterthought, “send in Ms. Asheley. I’m feeling quite…vigorous…after that delicious meal.” 
The two undead men glanced knowingly at each other, and walked out of Tobias’ office, leaving the door open for Ms. Asheley to enter.

*

Deborah’s dirt-smeared tee shirt fit her emaciated body like a sail. The collar of it hung low and the sleeve openings seemed vast around her stick-like arms. Two of her could have fit into the shirt, though it had originally been snug for her once well-endowed form.
The shirt extended to the upper reaches of her bony thighs, though when she sat against the wall, as she did now, she stretched it over her kneecaps. Her hair, once thick and luxurious and a great attractor of both men and women, was now thinned to the point where her alabaster skull shone through in spots.
From her training as a nurse, she knew the back of her skull was the parietal. By tapping with the bony tips of her fingers, she could tell most of her parietal area was exposed bone, the hair and skin completely absent. The clumps of hair that still clung on the frontal and occipital areas of her skull were tangled and dirty and seemed to move of their own accord as if somehow alive. She giggled as she recalled a sliver of a memory about a college elective she’d taken on mythology. Medusa. She was like the Medusa of Greek legend, the Gorgon woman with a head full of writhing snakes who Perseus slew in an effort to please the goddess Athena.
Gonna wash those snakes right out of my hair! Gonna wash them ol’ snakes right outta my hair…!
She laughed. The sound of it was maniacal, even to her own ears.
Then she moaned piteously. She used to be so damned attractive!
Before this happened to her.
With her good looks and playmate figure, she’d lured many partners into having sex with her. Show them a little cleavage or leg, flash her wide smile and they were hers for the evening. It didn’t matter if they were alive or, like herself, undead. The sex was good either way. Hot and quick with the living…steady and hard with the undead.
But sex made her so hungry!
After the third incident, they’d brought her screaming in chains and a straight jacket down here to the red tunnel where the demon had been waiting.
Taking one look at her, he changed into a slavering beast and immediately raped her, driving his huge, barbed penis into her again and again for what seemed like hours. She hadn’t really minded that part of it. It was when he bit off her arms and hurled them against the cell walls that she knew she was in trouble.
But, she’d still been strong, and her arms had reattached.
He came to her cell repeatedly until she started wasting away. He didn’t feed her. The hunger started taking control of her. She tried to kill him after a while, tried to claw into his chest with her talon-like fingernails in order to get to the organs within. But he was always too strong for her. He would pin her to the wall and take her from behind.
Now when he came by, he only grinned at her from the little window. He winked and told her how horrible she looked. Told her how she once could fulfill fantasies but now could only fulfill nightmares.
The thing that used to be Deborah Harrison hovered above true death by the narrowest of margins.
She’d gone so long without real food.
The big, shiny cockroaches she could occasionally trap with the bones that were her fingers were merely something to chew upon. Like celery to the living, the bugs provided her with no real nutrition. At least, not the nutrition her undead body craved…the nutrition she had to have in order to remain fitfully undead. Things were really getting bad now, she realized.
Killing the cockroaches proved increasingly difficult. In the red haze that drifted into her cell like a fog, she could see them on the floor and walls, but couldn’t focus on them without her glasses. They were little black patches with large, wicked mandibles that she hadn’t known cockroaches had. The little monsters skittered over the concrete floor toward her. Even though she smacked them and trapped them and crunched them with her rotting teeth, more of them always came out from the cracks in the floor. They came at her singly and in groups, their mandibles clicking as they charged forward. Invariably, one or two would divert her attention while others ripped flesh from her bare feet or legs or crawled up her shirt onto her back or stomach. They carried her flesh with them to consume between the cracks of the cell.
She struck the concrete as they stole away with her flesh in their jaws. Occasionally she got lucky and crushed one or two of them before they got away. She cackled when she got them, scraped them from the floor with the bones of her thumb and forefinger and held them up close to her eyes before popping them—with her own flesh still clinched between their mandibles—into her mouth. She had to clamp the bones of her free hand over her neck to keep the meager offerings from falling out the hole there.
Now and then she wondered how long she could go on like this. Wondered how long she’d been in this cell. It was quickly becoming her only true memory.
But she got these flashes. She didn’t think rationally much anymore…tried to, but found it impossible to do so. From a barren cell located somewhere down the crimson tunnel, Deborah Harrison caught only occasional glimpses of the life she once led. She used to have long, strawberry blonde hair that came down over her bare shoulders. The sun would reflect off her silky strands as she walked with her golden retriever on the asphalt pathway that wound around a lake.
The dog would make a fine meal.
There used to be men and women in her life. Quite a number of boyfriends and girlfriends and one-night stands. Healthy, strong men and women. She had used them and tossed them aside—well, not all of them.
Three of them had been quite delicious.
Drool leaked from her mouth onto the cell floor.
Delicious!
She laughed, her high-pitched cackle echoing throughout the cell to raise other maniacal laughs from other cells that lined the crimson tunnel. Soon the entire tunnel reverberated with the sound of insane laughter.
The thing that was once Deborah Harrison laughed until she screamed. 
Chapter Twenty-three

Normally Ray would have consciously flicked his cigarette ashes to the courtyard ground, but now his trembling hand took care of that little task for him. He’d started the cigarette soon after Galloway had left him, and a few more moments would see it finished. Or wait, had he lit another since Galloway had been here?
He couldn’t remember. Things were so scrambled all of a sudden. He stared at the cherry root of the cigarette as it danced back and forth in perfect synchronization with his trembling hand. Vaguely he realized that aside from the initial puffs to get it started, he hadn’t smoked any of it.
He looked back at the fountain and chewed on his lower lip.
The world had changed in one hell of a hurry. And not for the better. Even the air seemed to have taken on weight. It pressed in on him from every direction.
The main hospital walls, once simply physical boundaries of the courtyard, now seemed massive and foreboding. They compressed the courtyard’s dimensions as if they were creeping in on him.
And while he was thinking of creeps…
They must be watching him now. He could feel their malevolent gazes bore into his back. They were behind those walls. He could almost smell their foul souls.
With Dr. Galloway no longer around to command his attention, Ray felt like a rabbit flushed into an open field, with a sky full of wings and talons circling above.
The undead were waiting for their chance to seize him, Galloway had said.
Ray’s sixth sense implored him to bolt out of the courtyard, tear down the hallway at full speed and burst through the nearest exit. He wanted to, but that would draw too much attention. Besides, he already had some raw data downloaded on CD’s he could use against them. The diskettes could save him valuable time. The problem was, they were back at his desk.
He’d have to pass his undead co-workers to get the diskettes. He shivered. Undead co-workers. He’d been working with the ghouls for months and not known their true nature. Sure, he’d felt something was foul about them—about how they looked at him—but he’d never suspected anything like this.
Maybe he should skip the diskettes. It’d probably be better to hit the nearest exit and run like a madman for his pickup. He could download more information tonight from his apartment. But that would take time…and time was at a premium, man. Maybe they weren’t ready to try anything just yet. Maybe he had time to go back to his desk and grab the diskettes and get out before they realized what he was doing. If they asked, he could tell the ghouls he needed to talk to a user or something. Then he’d get the hell out of there before they knew what was happening.
“Damn!” he cried, flicking his wrist. The smoldering butt went flying. He’d get a blister from that one.
He had to appear nonchalant about this, if possible. They might try something if they thought he knew what was happening.
Ray rose from the bench, adjusted his jacket collar and tried to appear casual while glancing into the surrounding windows that scrutinized the courtyard like so many massive eyes.
Looming over him and the rest of the hospital was the Houghton Tower, the patient tower that had been funded by the estate of James L. Houghton, a wealthy financier who’d donated a ton of money just before construction on the hospital began. The Houghton Tower rose like a bizarre appendage from the center of the main hospital, and since the main hospital sat only forty yards from the edge of Potomac Cliff, the view of the Potomac River was amazing from any floor.
The Houghton Tower was seven floors of glass and steel and as Ray looked up at it, he realized inside that tower were rooms crammed with people who had no idea they were livestock for the undead.
He felt the compulsion to charge through each floor of the tower and shout for everyone to evacuate.
But that would give him away.
They’d probably capture him before he could warn a single patient. And though Ray would try like hell not to reveal Victor Galloway to the undead, far tougher men than he had broken down under torture.
There was no way to help the patients of this place at the moment. The undead were too close. The best option was to wait for Galloway and enact his plan, whatever it was.
Ray watched as the first shades of darkness descended around him. 
He had to get moving. He did not want to be here after dark. 
He made himself only walk to the door.
His teeth chattered as he walked.
He wanted to blame it on the cold air.
Fact was, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d been this scared. He wanted to wish all of this away, but a manager he’d once worked for had a saying: “Wish in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up faster.”
Ray left the courtyard and walked through the hallways of what had once been a respectable hospital and was now a death camp. The warm air wrapped around him and he shuddered.
He walked past orderlies and nurses, doctors and administrative personnel. He watched them from the corners of his eyes. They looked so normal. Many had glasses on, some did not. It was impossible for him to tell which among them were the undead and which were the living.
Victor Galloway said most of the in-house doctors were undead. But Ray knew many doctors had outside practices and came to the hospital for surgery and deliveries and to check on their private patients. Were they undead as well?
Probably. But he had no way of knowing without asking outright or jabbing them with a blade. He pushed open the door to the Systems Department and hurried to his desk. He started going through drawers and gathering all his diskettes together into a stack when he was struck by a sudden influx of thoughts.
Victor Galloway knew he was seeing Lenora and was willing to let it be, though it was obvious he still loved her. He realized he couldn’t be a father to Walt.
Jesus, it must kill his soul.
Ray wondered if he’d have the strength to do the same if the roles were reversed. He hoped so.
He pulled his main drawer open and rummaged through the scattered pens and notes, the single pair of long scissors and the extra rolls of tape that had been there from the day he started this job. He found another diskette, one he knew contained over eight months’ worth of downloaded reports concerning admitted and discharged patients. He placed the diskette on the pile with the others. Then he bent and tried to find the other diskette he’d hidden in the remote corners of the drawer.
“Going somewhere, Ray?”
His name had been spat out as if it were acid.
For a split second Ray froze, then he recovered and kept searching for the diskette. He sensed them behind him as he found the diskette and placed it with the others. He let his hand return to the drawer. His fingers crawled around, searching. They grasped cold metal. Ray straightened and turned, his body shielding the hand in the drawer.
“What’s going on, Clyde?”
Clyde glanced at Morton and Burman, two other programmers who’d always had their noses up Clyde’s ass. Clyde was easily the biggest of the three. They all grinned at Ray.
“Looks like you’re packing up to go somewhere, Raymond-my-man. I didn’t hear that five o’clock whistle blow. Want to tell me where you think you’re going?”
“Dwight Mills in Patient Accounting wanted me to show him how to spin some reports off my diskettes. Probably wants me to load them into his database or something. Why?”
“Mills asked for that?”
“That’s right.”
“When?”
“Just today…this afternoon. Maybe at three or four.”
“Now that’s strange.”
“Not really. He asks for stuff like this all the time.”
“Yeah, but it’s strange he would have done that this afternoon,” Clyde said, slowly shaking his head. The fluorescent lights overhead gleamed off the wire-rimmed glasses perched on his nose. He grinned at his buddies. “Gentlemen, why is it strange that Mills would ask Ray to do something?”
They sneered.
“Because Mills isn’t here, anymore,” Burman said, showing his teeth.
Ray looked from Burman to Clyde with as much disdain as he could muster. “Maybe he went home.”
“Nope, that’s not it,” Burman said, wagging a finger as if warning a child not to throw a toy or step in a puddle of water.
Ray eyed the exit sign far behind Clyde. He grasped the eight or so diskettes in his left hand and pasted a fake smile on his face. “I give up, guys. You want to let me in on your little secret?”
Morton, a short guy who used to have a squeaky voice, said, “Mills is on indefinite leave-of-absence. He didn’t want to hang with us for the duration, so we had to see that he donated a very important gift to us before he departed. You know what I mean, Ray?”
Ray shrugged as nonchalantly as his tense shoulders would allow.
“No, what do you mean, Morty?”
They had Ray boxed in his cubicle. He had to get by them, and the only way to do that was…
Clyde leaned forward, his face coming within Ray’s reach. His eyes looked like boiled egg whites with a black pupil and blue cornea painted on.
“You know what we’re talking about here, Raymond-my-man. Like you, Mills was never a team player. He opted not to join our little club here at the hospital. Wrong choice. Mills was never much to look at, but he sure did taste good!” 
“You chose the wrong path, man,” Ray breathed, his right hand tightening on cold metal in the opened drawer behind him.
“That’s where you’re wrong, boy,” Clyde scoffed. “Now, you need to pay attention to what I’m going to tell…auuuggh!”
Powered by desperation, Ray whipped his hand up and plunged the scissors through the right lens of Clyde’s glasses and into the ghoul’s eye, all the way until the handles caught against his eye socket. The high-pitched crack of glass had been followed immediately by a wet, popping noise as Clyde’s eye burst open.
Clyde back-pedaled, bellowing when he should have been dead.
No blood spilled from the wound even after he yanked out the scissors.
The other two stood there, not knowing what to do.
Ray lunged.
He punched Burman harder than he’d ever punched anything in his life. The knuckles of his right hand slammed into the base of Burman’s jaw with a crack.
Ray winced as pain shot up the back of his hand. The undead’s jaw wobbled, and he went down with a cry of surprise but not pain. Ray shoved the back-pedaling Clyde hard. Clyde went down with short Morton tripping over him in an effort to get at Ray. Ray bolted for the exit.
“We’ll get you, Brennan!” Clyde screamed from the floor. “Your ass is hamburger! You fuck, I’ll rip out your heart and eat it in front of you while you die!”
Ray tore for the door. At some point he realized he was holding his breath and forced it out with a whoosh. He came to the door and had to slow down. His sweating hand slipped on the doorknob.
Behind him, he heard rapid-fire footsteps. He grabbed the knob again, slipped, grabbed again and this time it turned. He risked a glance over his shoulder.
Morton was airborne, coming at him with his arms outstretched and a predatory grin on his face.
He slammed Ray into the wall. Ray groaned as his head hit the cinderblock, but somehow he kept from falling. Morty landed on the floor. Ray leaned against the wall and struck again and again at Morty’s forehead. Diskettes went flying. Ray’s blows left white imprints on Morton’s pale flesh, but did no real damage. Morton laughed at him and sank his yellow teeth into Ray’s left thigh.
Ray cried out as blood suddenly spurted and flowed down his leg in a hot stream.
“Keep him there, Morty!” Clyde shouted from behind a cubicle. “I want to be the one to rip off his head! Me…me, damn it!” 
Ray pummeled Morton’s head with all the desperate strength he could muster. He kneed Morton in the temple with his right leg to no avail.
Morty started to chew.
Ray cried out again. The pain burned a path from his leg to his brain. He was tiring, his breath ragged. But desperation pounded at him from all sides. He had to get this ghoul off his leg and get the hell out of here…now!
The community desk. Just to Ray’s left. It was the supply desk for the department. Noting here but tape dispensers, staplers, pens and pencils.
And a paper cutter.
A large hunk of metal with a machete attached to one end made for a decent weapon. The cutting blade was razor sharp, but Ray didn’t have time for that. He lunged, picked up the entire thing, slab of metal and all, and crashed it down on Morty’s head. On the second try, the pain in his leg suddenly eased as Morty fell to the ground. Ray bolted for the door, even as Clyde and Burman knocked down cube walls in an effort to reach him. Ray’s leg felt like it burned and bled at the same time, but the adrenalin pumped and somehow he was able to run.
He fled the programming suite and sprinted down the hallway that led to the employee parking lot. Some doctor raised a cry and started to chase. Others joined behind him.
Ray sprinted from the building and through the parking lot. He found his Jeep and somehow got his key in the door just as Clyde, Burman, Morton and the others stepped outside and looked around.
Black stuff dripped from Clyde’s ruined eye.
Ray ducked, opened the door and slid inside.
He fired up the engine and jammed the vehicle into reverse. The tires smoked as he flew backward and slammed into a car behind him with a crunch and shattered glass.
He heard shouts. Black-jacketed security guys dashed between cars in the parking lot, converging on his location like furious ants on an intruder into the nest.
With his heart jack-hammering in his throat, Ray jammed the gear stick into drive.
The tires screamed, spinning but not catching. Smoke drifted by the windows and he smelled the unmistakable odor of burning rubber.
The wheels finally caught. The Cherokee shot forward, pressing Ray against the seat. It careened off the back of another car before he could straighten the wheel enough to shoot between the rows. One of the black jackets leaped onto the hood. Ray slammed on the brakes and the guy flew off and rolled on the pavement. Ray floored it.
Just as the undead was getting up, Ray slammed the Jeep into him and dragged him under. The vehicle bounced on first the front then the rear tires as Ray ran him over.
The guy didn’t even cry out.
Ray sped out of there, the Jeep fishtailing wildly. He glanced in the rear view mirror once. The guy he’d just run over rose to his knees then stood.
Blowing the red light, Ray laid smoking rubber down the George Washington Parkway. 
Chapter Twenty-four

Victor’s room in the patient tower was dark except for the light emanating from the computer monitor. He sat at the desk and watched the monitor. Only his eyes and left hand moved as he manipulated the computer mouse an inch here, an inch there, his finger clicking on the mouse button periodically.
The soft clicks were the only sounds in the room except for the rush of wind that slammed into the broad window. It was not often such high winds blew after dark, but tonight they blasted with almost blizzard strength. The gusts caused the massive patient tower to sway back and forth. The wind hit his window and hissed at him through tiny cracks in the weather stripping.
Where is it?
He worked the mouse and clicked several icons.
Surely the blueprints to this place were stored online for easy access. But where?
The hospital’s local area network had to hold most, if not all, of the information he needed. He drilled down one icon after another. He clicked away to reveal doctor’s schedules, nursing schedules, supply lists, even accounts payable and receivable. He could care less about these. He clicked and moved on. Not until he accessed maintenance schedules, landscape profiles and a schematic of the complete hospital campus grounds did he become interested.
The schematic of the grounds was close, but it still wasn’t what he was looking for.
Victor cussed. He needed Brennan for this. Surely the programmer had remote access, and since Victor was going to his apartment in about an hour, they’d do some hunting then. 
His thoughts were interrupted by a rapping on his door. It was insistent, brisk. The type of rapping that meant someone wanted to see him right now.
Question was why. He’d completed his shift for the day. Had they discovered he wasn’t killing his patients the way he should?
Were they on to him?
The rapping again.
He shut off the computer. The room went totally dark. Like many predators, the undead had excellent night vision. The room took on a grayness, the same lack of bright light and color one of the living might see on an overcast day.
“Give me a minute!” he said to the door in as nasty a tone as he could muster.
Victor’s boots clunked on the tile as he walked toward the door. He’d once walked silently, with the ease of the well-nourished undead, but now he was going to make his move against Tobias, he found he could no longer justify the cannibalism. He’d begun consuming less at mealtimes, and the cut in nutrition showed on his frame and in the way he moved compared to the other undead. The stomach inside him still mandated he consume…but he forced down only a few bites at a sitting now. He simply could not allow his stomach to continually claim the volume it so much craved. And though logic dictated he make use of the added strength the food gave him, the obscenity of it all had gone on too long.
Now the black jeans he wore over his rapidly thinning thighs were spacious. The folds of loose denim swished as he walked. He negotiated his way around the corner of the bed and the round table, reached for the light switch and flicked on the lights as he opened the door. He shrugged his still-square shoulders within the dark sweatshirt.
“Yes?” he asked, his tone purposefully sharp.
The security guard was only five-three, but built like a spark plug. The navy-blue suit bulged in the arms, chest and legs. The last time Victor had seen a neck like this guy’s, it had been on a Brahma bull.
“There will be a sanction tonight in the doctor’s and nurses’ cafeteria. Our creator wants you in seat one-seven.”
“Sanction?”
The undead’s neck bulged out the sides of his collar as he gave a single nod. “Sanction.”
“What is it?”
“It is in ten minutes. Be sure that you are there. Seat one-seven.”
“Is it a good seat?”
The bull grinned. “The best.”
“Maybe I should bring a date.”
The grin disappeared. “Not to a sanction. Everyone will be there—men, women and children. I’ve been given clearance to return and retrieve you if you feel you may not be on time.”
“No, that’s not necessary. I’ll just grab a couple things and be right down.”
“Make sure you’re not late.”
“I won’t be late.”
“That’s right, you won’t. Don’t forget, seat one-seven.”
The bull stomped toward the exit door, thrust it open and disappeared down the stairwell.
Victor closed the door, already dreading whatever horror lay in store at “the sanction”. He picked up the keys to the Jag and jammed them into his right front jeans pocket, grabbed his white lab coat and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him out of habit. Heading down the stairwell to the ground floor, he wondered what was going to happen in only six minutes.
The undead watched him as he entered the large cafeteria. There were no tables, only some forty-odd rows of precisely spaced chairs that faced a curtained partition. Most of the seats were already occupied by men, women and children, all of them undead, all of them with malevolent expressions. They stared at him as he examined the labels on the sides of the first chairs in the rows. His seat was the seventh chair in the first row. It was precisely in the middle of the row and closest to the curtain.
He really did have the best seat in the house.
And everyone knew he had the best seat in the house.
There was no one in the first row with him.
He didn’t care for the implications. He must have been found out. They must have performed autopsies on his deceased patients and found he hadn’t caused their deaths.
Should he run for it?
As he went to his seat, he glanced over his shoulder. Three security guards stood at the door. Like everyone else in the room, they watched him.
He wouldn’t get far before they trapped him and dragged him down.
That would mean more time in the tunnel with Jack.
And they’d probably bring Lenora or Walt into this hellish place. He sat and tried not fidget. Tried not reveal his fear.
Crossing his leg, ankle over knee, he clasped his hands together in his lap. A glance at his watch. Six twenty-five. He wondered if Ray Brennan had gone directly home, or if he’d stopped off for a drink or a workout or to see Lenora. If he did see her, would he tell her anything? There was no way of knowing. Right now he had a more immediate worry.
Tobias himself strode into the room, and the security guards immediately shut the doors behind him. Victor noticed the windowed areas on the doors were covered with cardboard held in place with masking tape. Tobias looked at Victor, his gaze lingering for a moment then he turned and switched off the lights. As soon as the lights went out, a powerful light shone from somewhere behind the curtain. Victor noticed the silhouette that formed on the curtain itself.
He tensed.
The silhouette was straight out of the French Revolution. The curtain parted. Victor and the ensemble behind him sat in silence and stared at the object before them.
Tall wooden posts, at least eight feet in length, towered at opposite sides above a flat, square base. Wide boards, one upper and one lower, were nailed to the insides of the posts, just above the base. Three semicircles had been cut into each board. The boards were separated at the moment, but it didn’t take a genius to realize that when the two boards met, three circles were created…circles used to hold two wrists and a neck.
The object glinting high up between the tall wooden posts was the attention grabber, however. It was a three-foot sheet of polished metal that looked exactly like a massive razorblade. Once released, the blade would hurtle between the posts and pass through the grooves fashioned in the restraining boards—chopping off whatever was being held in the boards at the same time—to finally chunk into the wooden base.
Victor had never seen a real guillotine before.
It bothered him. Made him very nervous…as nervous as he could get as an undead.
This was smaller than the massive ones he’d seen diagrams of in history books, but the purpose was the same. The guillotines became especially popular in severing the heads of the aristocracy in eighteenth century France and, despite its relatively smaller size, the one before him now was no less daunting. The blade poised on high was meant to take life, and nothing less.
But this wasn’t meant for the living. The undead didn’t use such ceremony to end the lives of mere cows. That he sat in the front row was not a good sign.
The curtains swayed as they were drawn. Again the lights transformed the guillotine into a nightmarish silhouette. Movement behind the curtain, the sounds of footsteps and…giggling. Dark forms appeared. A sharp clap sounded then, wood striking together. Then one form retreated.
The air was expectant. The only sound in the room was a curious thumping noise.
The curtains were again pulled back.
Victor started.
The steel blade poised overhead glinted in the light. The shock he felt didn’t come from the lights, or even the guillotine—the shock came from the thing that was tied to it.
One of the undead…but in miserable condition. Little more than dry, wrinkled leather pulled over a pile of bones and tendons. Many areas of the pile lacked even the wrinkled leather, leaving bones and tendons exposed. None of the thick, black ichor Victor had seen ooze from his own wounds could be seen on this undead. Wild patches of matted hair protruded from the sides of the head. The wretch was collared by the restraining boards of the death machine. A gag secured its fleshless jaw to its neck.
The banging came when its skull struck the collar board.
A fleshier victim could not have done so, but again and again the skull sagged, the vertebrae of the neck dangling like an ivory chain, and the skull shot upward and back, slamming into the upper board…almost as if the wretch wanted the blade to fall.
And the blade! It seemed to glint even brighter at the sight of the exposed neck and wrists below it.
Tobias stood next to the death machine and watched the assembled undead who, like Victor, sat stone still. After a long moment, he untied a black leather rope that ran the length of one of the support posts, wound it around a pulley fastened above the post and knotted it through a hole in the top of the blade. He wrapped the line once around the palm of his hand and spoke for the first time since entering the room.
“Eight weeks ago, Deborah Harrison was caught stealing food from us.”
Angry murmurs from those gathered behind Victor.
“Stealing food from us!” Tobias repeated, his tone now commanding and angry, as if the crime had been a personal affront. The murmurs turned to cries of rage.
“Can we survive if food is stolen from our mouths?” he asked.
Those behind Victor responded in one voice. “We cannot!”
“Can we survive if food is not shared?” Tobias asked, this time louder.
“We cannot!”
“Our existence depends on food! Will we suffer one of our own stealing food from us?”
“WE WILL NOT!”
The undead wretch in the wooden collar whipped its head from side to side, snakelike, unable to free its neck from the slotted brace, but obviously desperate to do so.
Victor gripped his hands tightly against each other.
“Deborah Harrison has felt what it is like to be without food,” Tobias said, his voice no longer angry. “For eight weeks she has been without food. You see what it does to us to be without food?”
“We perish!”
“Yes. We begin to perish. But I do not think Deborah has been without remorse. I believe she may have been rehabilitated by the Enforcement Team. She is not too far gone at this point, despite her miserable appearance. We could reinstate her into our community. The question is…should we take a chance on Deborah? Tell me now, does she deserve another chance?”
“No!” came the immediate shout from the collective voices of the undead.
Tobias looked straight at Victor for a moment before turning his head to address his skeletal captive. “Your crime is too great, Deborah Harrison. The people of our community deem you unworthy. You are sentenced to the mercy of the blade.” 
The room hushed into expectant silence.
The wretch that was Deborah Harrison raised her head. Her round eyes darted back and forth in her deep, dark sockets. She started to laugh, then giggle, then cackled so loudly the room filled with the horrific sound.
Tobias opened his hand.
The leather rope seemed to remain still for a split second before it raced upward.
With an ominous swoosh, the blade plummeted down the grooves in the posts. Effortlessly, it passed through the bones and tendons and leathery skin of Deborah Harrison’s neck and wrists and slammed into the chopping block below.
Her severed head landed in a basket at the base of the guillotine. The hands struck the floor and splintered into bony pieces.
She no longer cackled. For a moment, silence filled the room.
Then, excited cries rang out from the crowd.
Tobias picked up the basket and placed it on a side table near the door.
Victor looked around. The undead rose from their seats. Starting from the last row back then the second to the last and so on, they formed a line to see the head in the basket. After viewing it, they passed silently through the opened doorway.
Already janitors had swept the pieces of bone from the floor. The body of Deborah Harrison was taken away. The janitors disassembled the posts, cast a large covering over the entire structure and wheeled the guillotine through a side door.
“Victor,” Tobias said, motioning to Victor, who stood at the rear of the line. Victor broke from the line to stand beside him. “As a member of the front row, it is your duty to take the basket and its contents to the incinerator at the morgue. Place this sheet over it first then carry it.”
Without further words, Tobias exited through the doorway. Victor looked down at the sheet in his hands. Then he walked slowly to the back of line and waited his turn to reach the basket.
They’re on to me. 
Victor shuffled forward with the rest of them. He got lucky; they just wanted to scare him. It did, but only so far as it meant failure to wipe out the undead. 
The warning was obvious…he had to move up his timetable. 
He had to make his move.
Tonight.
And pray to God he did it right. 
Chapter Twenty-five

Rush hour at Little Academy Preschool.
A constant tangle of noise and voices jammed the airwaves. Skirting the growing clusters of parents also here to pick up their children, she knew that as loud as it was at the moment, the decibel level would reach a fever-pitch when the hour drew closer to five-thirty.
It was just closing in on five now and the sky outside was already moving from purple to inky black. Lenora walked with purpose and did not pause to chat with the moms and dads she recognized. Instead she said hello and smiled and kept on her way.
She was here for Walt, not to socialize.
It took an extra mental push to make her quads and calves and gluteal muscles work as she walked. They protested each step with a dull ache, tired as they were from the intense aerobics workout she’d just had at the health club.
She liked the ache in her muscles, though. Liked it because it meant she’d really put the effort into the workout. And she liked it because she’d be more relaxed on the drive home with Walt as they joined the sluggish traffic that choked the arteries of northern Virginia.
Oddly enough, despite the relaxed feeling in her body, she still felt mentally drained, her mind numbed by hour after hour of meetings and phone calls, and coordination and analysis.
Could use a good lay, she thought suddenly, feeling a yearning down there.
Now where had that come from? A slight smile touched her lips.
She knew where it came from.
It was funny how much she thought about sex now she was getting it again. She’d had no desire for sex after Victor died, but now she found it difficult to go longer than a half hour without thinking about it in some way.
It was almost as if her body was making up for lost time. She and Ray had slept together at least five times since that first weekend when Walt had gone to her mom and dad’s house…and that had only been three weeks ago.
Ray was an accomplished lover, considerate and passionate at the same time. He was different from Victor, who’d been her solitary lover for so long. Victor had been wonderful in bed—silent and more controlled than Ray, but wonderful nonetheless. Ray was wonderful, too. They were still exploring each other with every encounter. Ray was different in his spontaneity, the way he moved, the way he touched her, the things he said before, during and after to her.
She hadn’t seen him at the health club after her aerobics class ended, though he was usually warming up on one of the electric bikes. On the phone last night they’d talked for almost an hour, and toward the end of the conversation he’d even said he’d see her before she left the health club. He must have gotten stalled somewhere.
She’d call him later. See if he wanted to come over for a movie and a bit more after Walt went to sleep.
But that was for later.
Right now she was going the see the single most important person in her life.
She felt the smile broaden on her face and all other thoughts fade as she rounded the corner into another hallway of the preschool. She walked a little faster to his classroom and peered over the half-door, the top half of which was always open at pick-up time.
When she saw Walt, her smile vanished.
Walt sat alone at one of the back tables, head supported by his hand as he doodled apathetically on a piece of paper. The other kids laughed and talked and played with toys on the carpeted play area. Walt’s eyes were lidded as if he were half-asleep.
“Walt?” she called, turning the knob to the lower door and stepping into the room. Her brow furrowed as he slowly looked up at her, his eyes glazed and his face ashen. “Walt, honey? What’s wrong?”
“Mommy…” he said, his voice little more than a weak croak. His boundless enthusiasm was gone. He tried to give her a weak smile as he slowly stood, but the smile never took hold. He raised his arms in the universal symbol all parents knew. She picked him up, hugging him close.
“Oh, baby, you’re not feeling well,” she whispered into his ear. “I’m sorry. I missed you all day today, honey.”
“I missed you, too, Mommy,” Walt said in a croaking voice that sent off clanging alarms in her head.
She squeezed him tight. It was like hugging a firebrand. 
“I’m afraid Walt’s come down with something, Ms. Galloway,” the teacher, Frances Collins, said, coming over from the corner where she’d been helping a child use toy scissors to cut a pattern out of a piece of paper. “He was fine until just an hour ago, then he sort of nosedived from his normal, playful self. I tried to call you around four-fifteen, but the receptionist said you’d left for the day.”
Damn it! She’d put her cell on silent mode.
“I worked through lunch and left early to catch a work-out at the health club,” Lenora told Frances, setting down Walt as she did so. “I forgot to call and let the school administrator know where I was. Thanks for trying to reach me, though.”
Lenora stroked the back of Walt’s head. He hugged her as if she was a buoy and he was lost at sea.
“You said Walt was feeling okay earlier?”
“For most of the day he was his normal cheerful self,” Frances said. “He coughed a few times, but you know he’s had that cough all week without a temperature. Well, after lunch he started slowing down and kind of wanted to be left alone. And then a little while ago he didn’t look so good, so I took his temp and it’d jumped up to one hundred. I tried to get him to lie down, but…you know kids, they don’t want to lie down when other kids are romping around. He had to sit, though, which is not a good sign. Now his temp’s at one-oh-one.”
Lenora swallowed.
Two siren-like wails broke out from the other half of the room. Frances started to turn and leave. “Hope you feel better, Walter. Tell Mommy to give you some Tylenol for the fever since we aren’t allowed to give you any.”
Lenora knelt and pressed her lips to Walt’s forehead. She swore she nearly singed her lips. “God, you’re hot! Oh, honey, I’m sorry your teacher couldn’t reach me on the phone. I forgot to tell her I was at the health club.”
“That’s okay, Mommy. I just…I just don’t feel good. That’s all. Just don’t feel good.”
The froggy croak made her cringe.
“Come on, sport, we’ve got to get you home.” She picked him up and he rested his head on her shoulder. He was like a sack of potatoes. Hot potatoes.
“Is Ray coming over tonight, Mommy?”
She hesitated. He’d never asked about Ray before. He scarcely acknowledged his presence on the occasions that he’d been over. “No, I don’t think so, honey. I was thinking of asking him, but since you’re sick I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“Well, he can come over if you want. He’s your friend, right?”
“Yes, he’s my friend.”
“I like it when my friends come over. So you should have your friends come over sometimes.”
Talk about a hundred-and-eighty-degree turn. “Thanks honey. Maybe after you feel a little better he’ll come over. Come on, let’s get your coat on. It’s awfully cold out there.”
Walt moaned as the wind assaulted them in the parking lot.
Lenora ran for the car with him held tightly in her arms. She wanted to floor it as they traveled down the GW Parkway, but the traffic was as thick and impersonal as it was on any other workday. No one knew her son was in the back seat—deathly pale, feverish and coughing in bouts that made her want to weep.
Again and again her foot went from the accelerator to the brake, accelerator to the brake. She switched lanes constantly to gain a half-second advantage and cursed when she was thwarted and had to slow.
During the twenty-five minute drive home, Walt said no more than three sentences to her. Normally he was a chatterbox. Twice she had to brake hard not to rear-end the car in front of them. She swore and pounded on the steering wheel, apologizing to Walt afterward.
He barely responded.
Finally she turned off the parkway. She sped down the roads of her neighborhood, knowing other children might be out, but taking the risk to get Walt home faster.
The car tires chirped as they came to a sudden halt in the semicircular driveway. She jammed the vehicle into park, leaped out, threw open Walt’s door, pulled him to her chest and hurried into the house, kicking the door shut and leaving her purse and a stack of papers from the office in the passenger seat of the car. Holding Walt tightly, she rushed upstairs to her bedroom. She sat him on the bed then charged inside the adjoining bathroom, hurled open the medicine cabinet and grabbed the red bottle with the rubber stopper and the handgun-shaped ear thermometer.
Walt coughed violently, then cried out as the bout subsided.
The sound of it almost tore her in two.
She ran to his side, gave him a shaking teaspoon of the Children’s Tylenol and then a little bit more for good measure. She put the ear-probe part of the thermometer in Walt’s ear, counted to ten, then clicked the button and looked at the black l.c.d. display on the upper handle.
One hundred two.
Walt shivered in his coat. His eyes were lidded.
“Jesus,” she whispered, her body becoming even more rigid. She unzipped his jacket, pulled on the sleeves to free his limp arms. With a flip of her wrist she tossed the coat to a corner. Yanking the bedcovers down, she laid Walt down with his head on one of the pillows, then pulled the blankets up to his chin.
“I want my blankey, Mommy,” he said, the words barely audible.
“I’ll get it, honey.” She dashed into his room and grabbed it from his bed.
His favorite blanket. Worn through the middle and even torn on two edges, it was his life preserver when he was tired or feeling bad. She hurried back into her bedroom and laid it over Walt, tucking it tightly against his body on the sides the way he liked it. The grateful look on his pale face made her want to cry.
“Honey, I’ve got to call the doctor,” she said, biting at a fingernail of one hand while reaching for phone with the other. She punched up the number from memory and paced until someone finally answered.
“Mount Vernon Pediatrics. How can I—”
“This is Lenora Galloway. My son Walter is burning up with fever. I need to speak to one of the doctors immediately!”
“Hold on, Mrs. Galloway, I’ll get Doctor Harrison for you.” 
She glanced back at Walt. He was already asleep. She put a hand to the side of his face and moaned.
Fire practically danced on his skin.
Dr. Louis Harrison’s voice came on the line. He was Lenora’s favorite out of the five doctors at MV Peds. “Hello, Lenora. Little Walt’s not feeling so good?”
Lenora calmed down a bit at the sound of his reassuring voice. Still, the words tumbled forth in a frantic stream as she relayed the facts of Walt’s condition.
Fright sprang to the fore all over again when Doctor Harrison fell quiet.
“You gave him Tylenol?” he asked.
“That’s right. A teaspoonful just now.”
“Are the coughs wet and deep, or are they dry hacking coughs where he kind of wheezes a little before having the actual cough?”
“Wet…or no, maybe they’re the drier ones. I really can’t tell. I’ll listen. He’s been coughing all week, but feeling fine otherwise until today.”
“Well, he’s got it full-blown now. I know it’s hard to sit back and watch, but we can’t destroy a virus with antibiotics like we can a bacterial infection. Keep him warm, give him plenty of fluids, check his temperature every half hour. If it’s a dry hacking cough it could be the croup, which has been making the rounds lately.”
Lenora stiffened. Children died from the croup. “Oh, God.” 
“Now, hang on, Lenora. Two strains of the croup are not life threatening, but one is. If Walt’s temperature doesn’t go down in a little while, you have them page me and I’ll meet you here or at the hospital. If his temp does go down, he’ll be all right. Believe it or not, the best thing for the croup is to get some moisture in his lungs, which means using a humidifier if you’ve got one, or opening a window in his room.”
“But it’s so cold out.”
“I know, but the air in your house doesn’t have enough moisture in it. Keep a bunch of blankets on him, an electric one if you’ve got it…not too hot, though. Open the window if you don’t have a humidifier. All right, Lenora?”
Worry beat on her from all sides. “I’m scared he’s got something serious.”
“That’s because you’re a good mother. I’d be worried about you if you weren’t worried. You understand what you need to do?”
Lenora gazed down at Walt and swallowed. “Yes.”
“Keep close tabs on him, like I know you’ll do. Monitor his temp, listen for coughs and any hitches in his breathing while he sleeps. Wake him up every now and then to get a response from him.”
“All right.”
“Call me back in one hour. Have them page me…or, better yet, do you have something to write with?”
She scrambled for a pen and paper in the drawer of the end table.
“Go ahead.”
He gave her a number that she scrawled down on the paper, barely legible. “Your pager?” she asked.
“Home number,” he said. “You go ahead and call me there if you need me. My wife or the kids’ll answer if I’m down in the basement or something.”
She nodded. It was beyond rare for a doctor to give out his or her own home number, even to acquaintances. Dr. Harrison and Victor had known each other professionally, and Dr. Harrison had attended Victor’s funeral.
Oh, Victor, our boy’s in trouble…
“Lenora?”
“I’m here. Thank you, Doctor.”
“Talk to you soon.”
“Goodbye.” She hung up, went to the window, pushed at it, banged at it and was able to get it to rise, screeching all the way. She opened the storm window about three inches. Immediately, cold air rushed into the room.
She hurried to the closet and got out the electric blanket. She dressed Walt in his pajamas. He opened his eyes a little, but he was still out of it. She hugged him close. Despite the Tylenol, he still felt like a tiny sun.
She laid him down, put the two regular blankets and electric blanket over him. She plugged the electric in and set it on medium. She sat—still wearing her winter coat and work clothes—in the rocking chair in the corner, the same rocker she used to sit in while nursing him at her breast.
She rocked and watched him as he slept, his face pale.
So terribly pale. 
Chapter Twenty-six

Lenora’s eyes snapped open.
She’d dozed off! Oh, God…!
She blinked at the clock radio.
Two a.m.
She’d slept for nearly two and a half hours.
Walter…!
She bolted from the rocking chair, the back-support slamming into the wall. As she reached Walt’s side, she vaguely realized she was still in her work clothes and coat.
He lay in her bed in the exact same position as when she’d first laid him down—flat on his back with the blankets gathered around his face and body.
The window was open and the room felt like a meat-locker. Earlier, at seven-ten, Walt’s fever had dropped down to a hundred, and his coughing—dry, she’d determined—had eased. Lenora had called Dr. Harrison and told him the good news. He said it sounded like the croup all right, but probably not the serious one if the fever was subsiding. He told her to leave the window open, take the boy’s temp every couple of hours to guard against possible fever spiking and let the virus run its course. Things were going to be just fine.
She’d let those last words snuggle around her like a warm blanket.
…just fine.
The relief must have allowed her to slip into unconsciousness. 
Dangerous! She grabbed for the digital thermometer.
Why hadn’t she reset the alarm like before? His fever could have spiked again. 
She knelt and put the temperature gun’s funneled end into Walt’s left ear, waited to the count of ten and pressed the button. With a shaking hand she held the unit up to the dim light.
One hundred six!
Tears spilled down her cheeks.
She shook him. “Walt! Walter! Wake up, honey! Come on, wake up for your dumb-shit mommy who fell asleep when you needed her! Oh, please wake up, honey!”
But he didn’t.
She put the palm of her hand to his forehead. Molten lava could have coursed through his veins. Frantically she punched buttons on the phone, got the fucking recorded voice of a fucking operator telling her that the fucking number she had dialed was not in fucking service.
She slammed down the phone, punched again, got a wrong number and slammed it down again just as the voice uttered a syllable. She wanted to scream.
Finally she got the number right.
“Hello.” Dr. Harrison sounded tired.
Her words tumbled over one another as she breathlessly told him what had happened.
His words suddenly became sharp and clear.
“I don’t have all the I.V. fluid and equipment I need at the office for this, Lenora,” he said quickly. “You need to take Walt to the emergency room. Which hospital is closest to you?”
“Lady of the Lake. I…I can be there in twenty minutes.”
“I’ll be there in twenty-five. Take Walt directly to the emergency room. I’ll call ahead to let them know the situation. They’ll start him on fluids as soon as you get there. Go now.”
She dropped the phone. 
With tears streaming down her cheeks, she gathered Walt’s limp body in her arms. He was so hot she may as well have been carrying a burning furnace.
“Hang on, baby. Hang on for Mommy. Don’t you leave me. Oh, please God don’t you leave me!” 
Chapter Twenty-seven

Searing pain in his left thigh. All the way to the bone.
Ray clamped his jaw shut.
It felt like acid eating away at his flesh.
God damn you if he hasn’t already, Morty. Ray felt his neck hairs rise at the image of Morton’s yellow teeth sinking into his leg.
He groaned, clenched his teeth even harder to keep the cry in his throat from escaping. Somehow he managed to control the speeding Jeep through the streets of Old Town Alexandria.
Fucking zombie bastard.
He had to get home. Had to sterilize and bandage this leg. Had to start downloading files from the hospital to his home PC. Had to get home before Victor Galloway arrived. Had to get a shot of whiskey.
Victor Galloway.
A chill went through his body as he thought about his expected visitor. Galloway was undead, like the others in that hellish hospital Ray had narrowly escaped. But Galloway had somehow turned out differently and he had some kind of plan in mind against Tobias’ ghouls.
Home. Get home.
Twenty minutes of lane shifting and hard braking flew by in a rush of traffic lights, red tail lights, flickering high beams and blaring horns from angry drivers he either cut off or intimidated by tailgating.
The next traffic light was his turn-off, Tandem Road. The yellow eye on the light had been there for five seconds already and threatened red in another heartbeat. Ray sped to the light and cranked the steering wheel hard just as a red glow filled his cab. The momentum from the turn pushed his left leg into the door panel, but the pain from the bite wasn’t there like before. The tires squealed as he braked and swung off the GW Parkway.
The Jeep leaned precariously, the right-side tires catching air.
Asphalt filled the driver’s side window.
“Shit!”
He threw his weight over to the rising side of the cab while clutching tightly to the steering wheel. The two left tires squealed from the sudden duress.
If he didn’t back off the gas, it would flip.
And how would he help Victor then?
He could almost taste his heart in his throat.
Veering out of the turn, he cut a diagonal path straight across the oncoming traffic. The tires on the right slammed down. The pickup rocked like he was low-riding in Los Angeles, but he’d kept it from rolling.
“Okay!”
But even as he said it, a blinding light flooded his cab.
“Shit!”
Braking would keep him in the path of the oncoming car. He floored it.
The other driver blared his horn. Skidding tires sent out a banshee wail of distress. For a moment Ray could only watch as he was caught like a deer in the car’s headlights. He tensed for shattering impact.
But the oncoming car didn’t slam into him. Instead it passed within inches from the Jeep’s rear fender. Ray fishtailed on the muddy shoulder on the wrong side of the road.
As he fought for control, a cloud of blue-white smoke drifted over him, a mix of burnt rubber and exhaust. He gunned it as two other oncoming cars locked their tires to keep from ramming into the car that almost had crashed into him.
He drove the shoulder, cut back across the oncoming traffic, hopped over a cement median and pressed the accelerator as far as he dared. After a mile, he slowed down to forty in the twenty-five-mile-an-hour zone.
At some point he breathed again. “Sorry, folks.”
After another half-mile, he forced his foot to ease up on the gas even more.
No need to alert any freaks of his arrival. 
The pain in his thigh had faded. He pressed the flesh around the wound.
Nothing.
Not a damned thing.
His thigh had gone numb.
Years ago he’d sprained his ankle playing basketball. He’d taped it up on the bench as tight as he could to keep it straight and went back in the game. At first it was painful, but he could play on it. After ten minutes the ankle went numb, and the numbness had been worse than the pain because he couldn’t feel the hardwood. He’d started to fall. Couldn’t tell where the floor was. Gave up the ball three times. Finally he had to sit out the rest of the game and his team lost. When he’d looked at the ankle after peeling off the tape, it was swollen black and blue. It was the numbness, not the pain, that had hurt him the most.
Now he had a feeling he might need to run for his apartment with a numb thigh. And there was a whole lot more than a basketball game at stake.
He had to make sure they weren’t waiting for him. Galloway said they took a lot of victims from parking lots.
Ray braked almost to a complete stop before turning into his apartment parking lot.
“Comfortable, Garden-Style Apartments,” the sign on the entranceway proclaimed, beneath yellow spotlights. The apartments themselves were in clusters, three-story buildings separated from each other by a good twenty or thirty feet.
“These garden-style apartments aren’t looking all that comfortable tonight,” Ray said, rolling the pickup between the rows of parked vehicles while trying to peer into the shadows between the buildings and under the trees that lined the walkways. “Sign should read ‘Comfortable, Garden-Style Apartments…If You Can Get Your Ass Inside Without The Ghouls Getting You First’.”
He realized he was trying to bolster his courage by talking to himself, but so what? Anything to help get through this nightmare. Here and there people walked from the parking lot to the apartments and back again.
He didn’t see anyone out of the ordinary. 
But how can you tell by just looking if someone’s undead? At best, he’d have to hope they weren’t all ghouls. And if there were some blending with the living or hanging out in the shadows, maybe they wouldn’t risk an attack with living people around who might be able to tell the police something.
Talk about a big maybe.
He backed into a parking space, away from the other cars, yet beneath one of the bright parking lights. He cut his headlights, but left the engine running. Behind him was the jogging trail that wound itself along the cliffs overlooking the icy Potomac. Beyond the jogging trail was an eight-foot, chain-link fence. On the other side of the drop of forty or fifty feet were rocks and the frozen river. Going east was not an option.
He scanned the parking lot looking for anything out of the ordinary. Five people. Two walking from the apartments and three walking in. Nobody seemed to know he was here. No one bothered to look in his direction. Too cold to be worried about one of the regular tenants, probably.
Or were they just good at hiding murderous intent?
He didn’t like it, but he didn’t see any alternative but to just get out of the vehicle and go for it…bum leg or no bum leg.
Ray squinted as the three men and two women, bundled up in coats and gloves, walked their prospective routes. The parking lot was well-lit, a swath of yellow extending to the road on the far side and to the jogging path behind him. The tree-lined walkways leading to the apartment buildings had light posts every twenty-five feet, but the branches and trunks of the trees were so intricately woven that he could only make out the dark, spectre-like shadows of passing individuals.
He remembered his meeting with Galloway in the hospital courtyard. There was a way to identify the undead without knifing them.
Ray watched for locomotive breath rising from the mouths of the people in the parking lot. A night as cold as this one meant you had to have locomotive breath—
If you were alive.
Those in the parking lot had it. Reassuring streams of white vapor rose above their heads as they walked.
Ray turned the ignition key and cut the pickup’s engine, listening as the engine died and silence filled in around it.
He grasped the door lever.
Wait, who was that?
He hadn’t seen her drive up. Hadn’t seen her leave a vehicle, for that matter.
But suddenly she appeared, walking toward the apartments. She had long, dark hair, permed into hundreds of cascading waves. It ran like a river down the middle of the black leather jacket she wore. She took long strides in her tight blue jeans and black boots that came almost to her knees.
She moved onto one of the tree-lined walkways leading to the apartment buildings, her back still toward him. He couldn’t tell if she had locomotive breath.
The walkway she used was also his walkway. It led to his building. He couldn’t see her face, but Ray knew who it was now. She couldn’t be confused with anyone else in the complex.
Linda.
Linda in 3-D.
She didn’t work at the hospital; she was a flight attendant for Southwest Airlines. And as far as Ray knew, she didn’t know anyone at H.E.L.L. except himself, and he was not one of the zombies. 
Linda was as safe a risk as any of them.
Go.
Ray swung the door wide, got out and started to fall thanks to the compromised leg. He clutched the top of the door and regained his balance. He shut the door softly and limped toward his apartment building, casting about for sudden movements and listening for anything out of the ordinary. He scanned the parking lot. Nothing compelling.
Turning back around, he moved with motivation to the tree-lined walkway.
He counted ten light posts with large white globes perched atop each, spaced evenly between a dozen large oak trees. The light emanating from the globes was not altogether comforting, however. The interwoven branches of the oak trees formed a twisting, gnarled mesh that he found threatening despite the light, as if the branches would descend upon him like a net if he dared the walkway.
Ray eyed the tangled mesh and leaned against the first of the light posts, his breath coming quickly.
The branches weren’t the problem. It was what might be hidden behind the trees.
Now the walkway resembled a gaping maw, ready to snap down and chomp him to bits.
He looked back over his shoulder. There was his Cherokee, waiting for him in a pool of light. 
Danger lurked somewhere out there. 
But he couldn’t stay in the lot with his ass hanging out.
He hobbled as fast as he could on the bad leg, gaze shifting from side to side as he tried to peer into the shadows. The leg gave out twice and he fell. He caught himself each time, scraping his palms as he did so, but sparing his face and head. He left blood on the sidewalk. Without a pause, he shoved off the concrete and rushed past the lampposts and trees until he came out near the building.
No signs of pursuit.
His heart thudded in his ears.
Ignoring the sting from his shredded palms, he used the rail to pull himself up the five concrete steps to the front door of his apartment building. Hunter green, the door was solid wood. He grasped the worn handle, took a breath, and yanked the door wide, backing quickly to the side as he did so. Nothing.
He peered into the stairwell…didn’t see anyone.
Muffled voices came from 1-A and 1-D, but that was nothing unusual. 1-A had the television too loud, and the couple in 1-D was having their usual argument. All the doors on this floor were shut.
Ray went in.
Using the rail again, he pulled himself up the stairwell, rounded the corner leading to the second floor, and paused. He tried to slow his breathing so he could listen for anything out of the ordinary. His apartment, 2-D, was the last apartment on the right on this floor. Satisfied no one was there, he hauled himself up to the foyer and grabbed for the keys in his pocket. He limped to his door, put the key in the lock, turned it, pushed the door open an inch, pulled the key out.
He took a wary step back. Someone might try to lunge at him from inside his apartment. After a moment, no one did. He reached in, still standing in the foyer, and flicked a hand over the light switch. The light came on, but no ghouls leaped out at him. He let out a sigh.
Made it!
“Hi, Ray.”
He whipped his head in the direction of the voice. Sitting casually on the stairs leading up to the third floor was Linda from 3-D, with her long, teased hair and knee boots. She twisted a long lock of that hair around her index finger and observed him coolly from behind dark sunglasses.
Ray froze.
His sixth sense clanged like a submarine dive alarm. Little late on the warning. He eyed Linda’s long, tapered fingernails as she tapped out a slow rhythm on one of the wooden steps.
Those weren’t fingernails. They were talons, meant for slicing and dicing.
They were also dark red, as if they’d been dipped in blood. Each tap froze another vertebrae in his back. Linda smiled, all jagged teeth and gleaming lipstick and murderous intent. 
In a languid motion she removed the sunglasses. Mortal eyes had never appeared so. Spikes of ice shot down Ray’s spine, forcing him to shudder.
Linda’s orbs glowed with the green, sin-fed fires of Hell itself.
“I’ve been waiting for you.” 
Before Ray could even blink, she leaped at him, talons blurring toward his throat. 
Chapter Twenty-eight

The full moon lit the night and blanketed the earth in a ghostly glow. It appeared particularly large this evening, as if it had somehow moved closer to Earth to witness the struggle of good versus evil. 
Victor felt the pull of the orb as it were a live thing that watched him. From his ninth-floor room in H.E.L.L.’s patient tower, he stood like a statue and stared out over the parking lot to the Potomac River, where the moonlight caused the icy surface to glow like a great vein of silver.
A thin cloud drifted before the moon and burst into silver as if celestial fire burned at its core.
The undead had made plans to recruit or kill Brennan.
The thin cloud continued past the moon. Now faded, it followed its lonely path into other reaches of the starry night.
His plan had leaped into motion. 
It was on.
Behind him, the door to his room swung slowly inward, interrupting his train of thought. A living human wouldn’t have heard the door, so quietly did it open.
Victor heard loud and clear.
“Yes?” he asked, turning to see Tobias’ personal secretary, Ms. Asheley.
She appeared ready for anything but business. She presented her wares in a tight white sweater, black leather mini-skirt, dark hose and high-heeled shoes, the straps of which encircled her ankles twice and wrapped up high upon her shins. The sweater clung to her ample breasts like a second skin. Her hair hung loose around her shoulders, a stark contrast to the way he normally saw it, tightly pulled back on the top and sides. 
“Thought you’d like some company,” she said, her lips red with lipstick. Dark mascara and thick eyeliner painted her eyes, and the rouge on her cheeks emphasized her high cheekbones.
“You want to see me after the warning I was just given?”
She shut the door behind her.
“Does that answer your question?” she asked. “We all were warned down there. That’s the whole purpose of the sanction. Besides, you’ll set it all straight, won’t you?”
He stared through her for a moment. Had Tobias sent her?
“I’ll try.”
“Well, good,” she purred, slinking toward him. “You know, you haven’t had any since you’ve been here. Don’t you think it’s about time?”
“I was on my way out.”
“No, don’t go out tonight. Your wife can’t possibly give you what I’m offering.”
“Thanks, but I’m not —”
“Not interested?” she asked. She pulled her sweater over her head. Undergarments played no role here. Her breasts were full and round and begged to be touched. She stood before him, encircled his neck with her arms and pressed herself into him. “Still not interested?”
“I need to go out,” he said.
“I won’t let you go,” she said, smiling with blatant seduction.
He stepped to the side and she moved along with him, blocking him. He pulled at her arms, but she clung fast.
“I won’t leave until you take me.” She angled her head, lips parted and ready to receive his kiss. She pulled at him.
“Then I’ll start with you,” he said.
“Oh, yes. Start with me.”
Victor took her head in his hands.
“That’s it, baby,” she whispered. “Start with me.”
Victor jerked and wrenched. A sharp crack sounded, immediately followed by popping noises as tendons and ligaments surrendered to the strain. Her skin tore. She didn’t have time to cry out before he ripped her head completely from her shoulders. Her body collapsed to the floor with a heavy thud. Black ichor spread onto the hardwood.
Her disbelieving eyes stared into the nether realm. Victor closed her lids with a gentle touch of his fingers. Then he placed her head next to her twitching body.
“If I succeed, all of the undead will be joining you,” he said. “Hope you’re ready, Brennan, because it’s going down now.”
He picked the Jaguar’s keys up from the dresser top, flicked off the lights, and closed the door behind him, locking it. It should be at least a few hours before they start looking for her.
He’d be back before then.
And soon after he returned, it wouldn’t matter if they found her. Victor walked down the hallway and halted at the stairs. He remembered how Stillway had bragged about his extensive knife collection. He said he liked to be called “Blade” by his friends. Victor called him Stillway.
Stillway usually spent his weekend nights out in the world with the living. Usually in a rented room with a hooker.
Victor knocked on Stillway’s door. No answer.
He knocked again and still nothing. He looked up and down the corridor. Empty. He grasped the doorknob and turned it. It was locked. No matter, a little more pressure and the tumbler broke into pieces.
Victor went in, located what he wanted and pulled it from the wall where it had been adoringly mounted.
“Thanks, Stillway,” he said, slipping the object beneath his lab coat sleeve. He walked from the room with his left arm rigid by his side.
After taking the elevator to the ground floor, he nodded to the scattered doctors and nurses he passed in the hallways.
He ducked into four operating rooms located directly below the patient tower. Moving quickly, he went straight to the recessed air valves in the walls. He yanked off the hoses, opened the valves wide then snapped off the levers.
Gas escaped with a subtle hiss.
O2.
Oxygen. Normally it helped keep patients alive during surgery.
Victor had another use for it. 
Chapter Twenty-nine

By the time Ray thought about trying to duck under Linda’s clawed hands, it was too late.
The skin on the sides of his neck sliced open where her nails cut him. Hot streaks of pain shot from his neck.
And she kept coming.
With all the force of a charging linebacker, she knocked him backward. Together they slammed into the door, nearly tearing it from its hinges as they fell headlong inside his apartment. As they crashed to the carpeted floor—she on top of him—she laughed. The breath whooshed out of Ray’s lungs. She dug deeper into his neck with her fingernails and then dove to the side, pulling him with her as if he were merely a child.
They rolled farther into his apartment—where they could not be seen. He struggled for air.
The door rebounded off the rubber stopper in the wall and slammed shut with sickening finality.
Her nails suddenly dislodged from his neck and he was finally able to greedily suck in a breath.
Coughing and gasping, he put a hand to his bleeding neck. It took him a moment to realize she was already on her feet. Looming above him, she straddled him with her hands on her hips.
No panties, Ray absurdly realized.
She looked around his apartment, which was dimly lit by a pale light over the kitchen sink. “You keep it neat for a bachelor, Ray. You should have had me down before this. I offered, but you never took me up on it. You probably didn’t like the fact that men are just dying to see me, huh?”
She laughed, then pursed her lips and stared down at him with a look that made the blood freeze in his veins.
“I’d have come down,” she continued, her hips moving now in slow circles. “Would have gone down, too. In fact…it’s not too late. Tobias said to bring you in or kill you. But—” She suddenly grinned at him and raised a blood-covered finger to her cheek. His blood dripped from her finger and onto his jacket with wet plopping sounds. “—he didn’t say I had to do it right away. I think we’ll just get to know each other a little better first.” She laughed. “What do you say, Ray? Time to get hard, baby!”
For an answer, he kicked at the floor. His heels machine-gunned on the carpet as he back-pedaled out from under her. He crab-ran until he hit the couch and fell on his butt. As he rose unsteadily, she simply watched him, her gaze as cold as a grave in January. Ray glanced over his shoulder to the window that looked out over the parking lot. Through the sheer drapes he could see yellow headlights pull into the parking lot and the red lights of someone braking before turning into the road. He tried to think through a cloud of panic. She blocked the door. Could he escape by leaping out the window? It’d be a ten-foot fall. He’d get cut and banged up…but that was better than becoming Linda’s boy-toy.
She stepped toward him. “You want to play hard-to-get, huh?”
His neck was slick and hot and throbbing where she’d cut him.
She licked her lips and stared at his neck.
He took a deep breath.
Now!
He ran toward her as if he was going to dodge by her and go for the door. She braced her long legs for impact. At the last second, as those sharp nails rose to slice into him once again, he pivoted on his good leg and bolted for the window.
“No!” she screamed.
The window beckoned.
He launched himself at it, turning so his back would hit first.
Something gripped his ankle. His momentum suddenly halted as if he’d hit an invisible wall. He cried out. The crash through the window never came. He fell but never reached the floor. Jerked away at the last instant, he was whipped through the air in the opposite direction, back toward the couch. Looking down, he saw those painted fingernails around his ankle. Linda let go of him and he collided into the couch. As the couch toppled over, he groaned. His head struck the end table.
A blast of new pain.
The edges of his vision faded to black, but he didn’t succumb completely. From somewhere far away he heard the monster that used to be Linda speak.
“Raymond Brennan,” she admonished. “You could have been hurt! Come on, you’ll like being on our side. I know I do. I’ll never get old and wrinkled, and I’ll always have plenty of steamy sex. That’s my thing, Ray. Never get and old and wrinkled and die. When you join us, it’ll be the same for you. Now don’t answer right away, wait until I’m done fucking you. I hope you’re not too hurt that you can’t get it up.”
Once more she stood over him. She bent and grinned into his face while her hand pressed on his crotch. “You’ve got to do better than this, Ray! I’m starting to think you don’t want me!”
A shadow moved behind her.
Ray heard a swish as something cut the air.
Linda’s head bobbed slightly.
Her face took on a dazed, uncertain look.
Then her tongue protruded from the corner of her mouth. Her eyes bulged out as if the muscles behind them could no longer keep them in place. Her head toppled from her shoulders, struck him in the chest and rolled to the floor to stare at him.
Ray cried out in revulsion.
Now headless, Linda’s body collapsed on top of him. There was no red blood, only a thick, black ichor that streamed from the stump that used to be her neck.
Ray desperately kicked away from her body and pulled himself onto a chair where he shook like a freezing Chihuahua.
He looked up at a dark figure clutching Linda’s head by the hair. The figure wore jeans, a dark sweatshirt and a dark overcoat that came down to his ankles.
“Who is this?” Victor Galloway asked, pointing to the head with the bloody machete in his right hand.
“She…she lived upstairs,” Ray gasped. “I saw her in the parking lot. I didn’t…didn’t think she’d be one of them since…” He took a deep breath. “…since she doesn’t work at the hospital.”
“Tobias used her to try and get you. Strangers hanging out around here would have drawn attention. They were smart use her. Now you understand how careful you have to be?”
“Yeah.”
“Did she cut you badly?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“If she’d hit an artery, the blood would be spurting out of your neck, not just seeping. You’ll be all right.”
“Leg’s numb, though,” Ray said. “They jumped me at the hospital after I talked with you in the courtyard. One of them bit me in the leg like a goddamned animal.”
“We’re worse than animals.” Galloway stared at him for a moment. “Why didn’t you leave after I talked to you?”
“Stupid of me. I…stopped by my desk for some diskettes. Thought it would save time.”
“They almost made you one of them.” Galloway placed Linda’s head next to her body.
“So I’m not going to turn into one of them, even though I was bitten and cut up?”
“No. They need to do the ceremony for that. Still want to help?”
The cuts in Ray’s neck throbbed in time with his heartbeat. He dabbed at the blood with the back of his hand and swallowed. “I can’t run away from this.”
“Good, because it’s going down tonight. Let’s get you connected to the network, programmer. I’ll take a look at those wounds while you work. Got any peroxide and gauze bandages?”
Chapter Thirty

With his leg and neck wounds cleaned and bandaged by Dr. Galloway, Ray sat before his computer, clicking the mouse and tapping on the keyboard. No sooner had he downloaded one file from H.E.L.L.’s databases then he began another.
It was all bulk data. There was no time to filter it with quick and dirty programs or by running reports. He could do that later…well, maybe. The object was to get as much raw data down as fast as he could before they secured the network against him.
Galloway had locked the apartment door, bolted it and sat for hours like a statue as he gazed through the window overlooking the parking lot. He filled Ray in on the details of Tobias’ operation and about Tobias’ plans to expand his operation to other hospitals in the area. Then to the region. Then to the entire country.
It sounded ludicrous at first, but as Galloway explained how easy it was for the undead to pass themselves off as the living and slowly take over hospital after hospital, it seemed more and more plausible, even likely. It had, after all, worked at H.E.L.L. More alarming was that in addition to hospitals, the undead could spread like a plague to other community institutions. Institutions like the police, the courts and the military. The government would be targeted next, both local and national.
“Can you imagine our military and our very government being led by the undead?” Galloway asked. “Not only would they enslave the general public, they could start wars for the sake of capturing fresh populations of the living.”
“Jesus.”
“You got that right.”
“Why didn’t you turn out like the rest of them?” Ray asked, while his disk drives hummed and the file transfer software downloaded the Patient Tracking File.
Galloway continued to scan the parking lot. “I’m not sure. Like them, I’m compelled to consume the recently deceased. But lately I’ve been able to limit my intake to almost nothing, which has made me weaker than most of them but still stronger than most living humans. I am different from them in the way I think. I recognize the obscenity of this existence, whereas they consider themselves superior to the living.”
Galloway stood and leaned against the wall, his gaze never leaving the window. “All I know is I never wanted any part of this existence, and by taking that position I denied them my free will. They forced me into it. Maybe that makes all the difference, I don’t know. At first, while I laid awake in my grave when I should have been dead, I cursed God for letting this happen to me. But after they intervened in my suicide attempt, I realized something.”
“What’s that?” Ray said, watching him.
“I turned out this way because I’m supposed to fight these monsters. Whether it was pure chance or part of some larger plan, it turns out that I’m one of the pivotal players in this sickening game. And now you are too, Brennan. If I fail tonight, you are to go to the authorities with your data. If they won’t listen, go to the news media. They’re always looking for stuff like this. They may not believe the undead exist, but make enough noise and people will call for audits and investigations. It won’t destroy the undead, but you may be able to shut them down and get them thrown in jail.”
“I wanted to talk to you about that,” Ray said. “I’ll download the data, but I can help out with your end as well.”
Galloway shook his head. “No, I need you to work with the data. I appreciate your courage, but I can’t afford to risk losing you. You’re better suited here. Have you forgotten already that you’ve become a target?”
Ray touched the bandages on his throat and winced. No, he hadn’t forgotten. But there must be something more he could do to help Galloway.
“You download what you can while I ditch this body,” Galloway said.
The phone rang while Ray worked.
Ray glanced at his watch. Two-thirty in the morning. Not a likely time for a phone call. He and Galloway exchanged looks. Galloway’s forehead wrinkled in surprise. Ray rose from the computer desk in the dining area, leaned over the kitchen counter and picked up the handset.
“Hello?” he said, picturing Clyde or maybe Tobias himself on the other end of the line.
Instead, a woman’s panicked voice filled his ear. For a moment Ray didn’t know who it was as her words gushed forth. “Ray, I’m at the hospital. Walt’s got a terrible fever. I’m…I’m so afraid he might die! Oh, God, I don’t know what to do. My son might die, Ray!”
He almost dropped the receiver. “Lenora…? Lenora, hang on! Wait a minute—Walt’s at the hospital with you?”
Victor appeared at Ray’s side. “Which hospital? Which one, damn it?”
“Which hospital, Lenora?” Ray asked, fear already gnawing at his insides.
“Holy Evangelical. Oh, Ray…I don’t want to lose my child. First Victor…now this!” Lenora started to sob.
Ray closed his eyes, cupped the mouthpiece so she couldn’t hear.
“She’s in H.E.L.L.” he whispered to Galloway.
“God!” His eyes blazed. He disappeared then reappeared in Ray’s living room. He paced with his hands clenched into fists, his face grim.
Ray spoke into the receiver. “Lenora, I’m on my way. You need to find Walt and get out of there!”
“They took him to the E.R. and won’t let me see him!” she said, nearly hysterical now. “I thought it was just normal procedure. What’s going on? What do you mean it’s not safe?”
“You’ve got to get Walt out of there!”
“But he’s so sick… He might die if I move him.”
“They might try to kill both of you!”
“You’re scaring me! What’s going on, for God’s sake?” 
“They’re murdering people at that hospital, Lenora. You’ve got to find Walt and get him out of there. I’m on my way, but if you find him before I get there, you get out as fast as you can and take him to Holy Cross or Potomac.”
“Are you sure?” she breathed.
“They’re the ones who killed my friend Ginny. They tried to kill me twice today, and I’ve got the wounds to prove it. Lenora, even if you don’t believe me, you have to at least go to another hospital. Please!”
“Okay, I’ll go to—wait, there’s some security guy watching me and talking into his radio. He’s been around the whole time, but I didn’t think anything about it until now. Ray…”
“Act like nothing’s wrong,” he said, trying to speak calmly and not quite making it. “Don’t let them know that you know anything.” 
She sniffled. He heard her moan.
“Please hurry,” she whispered. “I’m so scared. Walt’s in here somewhere with these crazies. Ray, the security guard’s coming!”
“I’m on my way! I’m…”
“He’s reaching for the…”
The line went dead.
With a trembling hand, he placed the phone on the hook. Galloway was already moving for the door. “Bring that meat cleaver from the rack back there and lock up your place. I didn’t want you to go back with me to the hospital, but things have changed. The two of us will have a better chance of getting Lenora and Walt out of there.”
Ray grabbed the meat cleaver, then his leather jacket and keys.
“I’ll drive.” 
Chapter Thirty-one

The George Washington Parkway became the Le Mans Raceway. With both hands strangling the steering wheel and his foot jammed down on the accelerator, Ray sped like a maniac down the parkway.
He weaved, tailgated and flashed his high beams at the other drivers.
“Out of the way!” he yelled.
On the straight-aways, he gunned the Jeep. The speedometer pushed eighty-five then ninety. As fast as he dared, he screeched through snake-like turns. Scraping two guardrails with his fender, he knew damn well they were feeble protection from the towering cliffs that loomed above the icy Potomac River.
They had to get there. Every minute lost meant Lenora and Walt could be lost.
He tried to concentrate on driving.
A shower of sparks erupted from the Jeep’s sides as he squeezed between two slow moving sedans that had choked each of the two west-bound lanes. Their drivers, rightfully shocked at being put into danger, jerked their cars to the far sides of the lanes, tires squealing in protest. They blared their horns and fell back.
Galloway stared silently ahead. As far as Ray could tell, he hadn’t so much as twitched during the entire ride. He was grimly cool.
Ray, however, was constantly switching hands on the steering wheel during the straight-away to wipe the sweat from his forehead and palms.
Somehow there were no police vehicles around.
In just under twelve minutes, they got to H.E.L.L.
Just before the entrance to the parking lot, Galloway spoke.
“Drop me here,” he said. “We’ll do better if we split up. I don’t know if they’re on to me, yet. And everyone might not be on to you. It could be that only a few of them have received the orders to bring you in. I’ll chance it and go in the front. Do you have your access card for the side or rear entrances?”
Ray pulled to the side of the road. “Yeah, I’ve got it. Lenora probably called from the emergency room waiting area. Which entrance would be the best way in?”
“They’re all monitored by closed circuit television. If the entire undead population has received the order to bring you in, then the major entrances are out of the question for you. The employee entrance on the east end is probably too risky as well. One of the rear entrances, however, may not be quite as dangerous.”
“Rear entrances?” Ray said. “I know there’s a supplies entrance, but I didn’t know there was another back there.”
“The other is almost certainly unmanned. It is under surveillance, but they’ve been having trouble with the camera there lately. I’m not sure if they’ve got it fixed or not, but even if the camera’s operable, it’s still your best bet.”
“What does it lead?” he asked, swallowing.
“The morgue.”
“I thought you’d say something like that.”
“The truly dead are not going to be your problem.”
“Good point.”
Victor fixed his disturbing gaze squarely upon Ray. “If you find Walt and Lenora, leave with them immediately. Drive off and don’t look back. Under no circumstances tell Lenora or Walt what has happened to me. It wouldn’t do them any good.”
“I won’t tell them.”
Victor nodded. He opened the door and stepped out of the Jeep.
Before closing the door he turned and extended his hand. “You’re a brave man, Ray. Good luck.”
He shook Victor’s hand. “I’m scared shitless.”
“But you don’t let it stop you. That’s the difference.”
He bit his lip. “Look, I don’t know how to put this. Uh, about Lenora and Walt. I know you know I’ve been…seeing Lenora.”
“They could do worse.”
Ray stared at Galloway. “Thanks.”
“What time do you have?”
He glanced at his watch. “Four in the morning. Why?”
“We’ve got to get them out in an hour or less. The undead will be going into the surgery rooms at five-thirty. Once there, they’ll know I’ve tampered with things. If we don’t find Lenora and Walt by five o’clock, I’ll have to carry on with my plan. I won’t allow them to be tortured, and I won’t have them turned into ghouls. If you don’t see them or me in fifty-five minutes, you get the hell out of here. You understand, Ray?”
He had to clear his throat before answering. “Yes.”
Without another word, Victor shut the door and walked toward the main entrance of H.E.L.L. 
Chapter Thirty-two

The security guard could have doubled as a bull rhinoceros. His jeans seemed ready to split at the thighs as he lumbered toward her, and the tent-sized jacket, with the words “Security Team” stitched on the front in gold letters, stretched and bulged with his every movement like a second skin. Behind the thick lenses of his glasses, his fathomless eyes were huge.
Effortlessly, he took the phone from Lenora’s trembling hand.
“Hey!” she said. “You can’t…”
Placing the phone on the catch, he silenced Ray’s modulated voice.
“What do you think you’re doing? I was in the middle of a call! Do you know who I am? I’m the Director of…”
“I know who you are, Mrs. Galloway,” he said, in a smooth, measured tone that belied his rough appearance. “I’m here to take you to your son. There’ve been complications. If you’ll follow me, please?”
He turned to walk down the hall. She stared at his back and bit her fingernail.
Ray had said they murdered people here.
But this guard said Walt was in trouble, and he knew where Walt was being held.
Or so he said.
She chewed more of her nail.
The guard stopped, looked over his shoulder. “Are you coming, Mrs. Galloway? Walt could really use his mother at a time like this.” Common sense shouted at her not to go with him. Motherly instinct pleaded with her to take the chance. Even if he didn’t lead her to Walt, he might at least know where Walt was located. Besides, the motherly instinct said, there were other ways to get information out of a man.
“I’m coming,” she said.
Through the maze of hallways that led to the patient tower, she walked with the security guard. Doctors and nurses lingered in the hallways and boldly checked her out as she went by. Their gazes made her even more uneasy. She felt like a cow being led to the slaughterhouse. In front of the elevators, the guard stopped and hit the “up” button, and together they rode to the third floor of the patient tower.
He led her down a dark hallway. Nurses who should have been attending to patients were strangely absent. Stopping in front of a room, he opened the door then stepped to the side so she could enter.
“Walt’s in there?” Lenora asked, eyeing the room.
“No. But while you wait inside, I’ll check to see that the doctors are finished with him.”
Common sense screamed at her not to go in. Even her motherly instinct had to agree this time.
The guard eyed her, his gaze dropping to the swell of her breasts. Her fingers moved to her neck and down her chest in a caressing motion. She freed three buttons on her shirt.
“Why don’t we both go inside for a moment?” she said, moving behind him so he would be the first to enter the room. He couldn’t take his brutish gaze from her breasts.
“Walt can wait for a minute since he’s on this floor,” she said. “It’s not like he’s going anywhere.”
Grinning down at her breasts, he said, “He isn’t on this floor. He’s on four.”
Reaching out, he pressed the palm of his hand to her left breast, squeezed and played with the nipple.
Stiffening, she fought to control the loathing that threatened to show on her face. His touch was cold and disgusting.
She pushed his hand away and tried to make her smile appear genuine. As if suddenly self-conscious, she looked around. “Not out here, handsome. Let’s go in.”
“Yeah. Let’s.”
Turning, he took a step toward the room.
With all the strength in her body, she shoved at the guard’s broad back and kicked at his ankles.
Caught by surprise, he cried out and went flying, his legs chopped out from under him. Face first, he crashed and skidded a few feet on the dirty floor.
Lenora took off running.
“You better run, bitch! I’m gonna kill you! We’re going to get both you and your son!”
In seconds, she was at the stairwell.
Lenora took the stairs three and four at a time. Slipping, she banged her shins on the sharp edge of a stair. Though she went down, she clung to the rail to keep from falling backward. Getting back up, she ran again.
At the fourth floor landing she hesitated, breathing hard. For the first time, she heard sounds of pursuit from below. The guard was coming for her. She looked at the metal fire door before her. There might be guards on the other side.
But she had to find Walt and get him out of here.
Pushing on the door handle, she made herself walk into the hallway.
Then, despite the panic that beat at her from all sides, she halted.
There were too many rooms!
She fought to choke down a rising sob. How was she going to find Walt before they found her?
Tears welled. Two of them traced wet pathways down her cheeks, but she didn’t break down. Wouldn’t break down. Walt didn’t need her to break down.
As meaty hands seized her, she stiffened. There were two of them this time. She hadn’t even heard them coming.
“That wasn’t a smart thing to do downstairs, Mrs. Galloway,” a voice said from behind her.
Her kicks and screams had no effect as they dragged her away. 
Chapter Thirty-three

With his left wrist bent inward and his arm tight at his side, Victor hustled to the main entrance of the hospital. He imagined it would be hard to explain away the sudden appearance of the machete if he lost his grip.
He prayed he wasn’t too late. Prayed they hadn’t done anything to Walt or Lenora. If God could do just one thing for him during this twisted existence…
The glass doors slid apart with a whoosh. He quickly stepped through, knowing he was now on camera and almost certainly already identified by the security team.
He wondered if they’d found Ms. Asheley’s body in his room. It could be she wasn’t expected anywhere until morning. From the sly comments he’d heard, it wasn’t unusual for her to be out all night—despite the fact she was one of Tobias’ personal sex toys. The receptionist behind the information desk didn’t appear surprised or concerned as he walked up to her. Had she been alive, he guessed she would have been around sixty-five years old. She had grey hair curled tightly against her skull, deep lines that ran laterally from the corners of her painted eyes, and sunken cheeks. A strand of white pearls around her neck contrasted with the black, high-collared sweater she wore.
Had he a sense of smell, Victor imagined she would have given off a strong mix of hairspray and old perfume. She was, of course, another undead, and they both recognized this in each other immediately, though nothing was said about it.
He hadn’t seen her before. She must be a fairly recent arrival.
Good—she probably didn’t know his personal history.
“Yes?” she asked, not bothering with a false smile.
“I’m Doctor Waller, one of Mr. Tobias’ chief surgeons,” Victor said, placing his hands on the sides of the desk and leaning forward. “A patient named Walter Galloway was brought into the E.R. a little while ago by his mother. Will you tell me which room he’s in, please?”
For a moment she stared with all the death inside her reflected through her dull eyes. She glanced over at the living sitting on the couches and chairs that lined the walls of the lobby. There were ten of them, six women and four men. Some talked among themselves, a few read magazines and the rest stared blankly around the room as if in dull shock. The receptionist peered at Victor from the corners of her eyes, leaned forward and spoke in a hushed tone.
“Doctor Waller,” she said, as if giving him a secret password. “I have a message from Mister Tobias. He wants to see you in his office immediately.”
“At four in the morning?”
“He said it was urgent.”
“Did he say what it pertains to?”
“No.”
He fought to remain calm. Tobias was to be avoided. “Thank you. I’ll go to Mr. Tobias’ office directly. I’ll see the Galloway patient when he and I are finished. Now if you’ll check the computer and tell me where the Galloway patient is located…?”
For a moment, she stared at him. It was clear she suspected something, but didn’t have enough information to draw a conclusion. He returned her stare. “The patient, please.”
Finally she looked down to her computer screen.
“What was the name?”
“Walter Galloway. His mother is here as well, although she’s not a patient.”
“All I have is that he’s somewhere on the fourth floor and Doctor Stillway is the attending physician.”
Stillway handles inductions.
Victor forced himself to only walk through the lobby, past the saltwater aquariums and the ignorant living on the couches who watched him pass by with dazed interest.
Once in the hallway, he again had to fight to keep from running to the stairwell. They might be tracking him on camera. Sudden running would summon them like sharks to a bleeding tuna.
They couldn’t know about Asheley or they would have met him with a pack of guards. But why would Tobias want to see him at this hour? 
Victor was about to push the stairwell door open when he heard a noise.
The elevator bell dinged.
As his right hand closed around the push bar, two security guards stepped out of the elevator and walked straight to him. “Mr. Tobias wants to see you, Doctor Waller,” one of them said.
“Right now, Doctor Waller,” the other added.
“I’ve got to run up to my room first,” Victor returned tersely. “I’ll see Tobias after…”
“Now, Doctor.”
Suddenly the guards stood on either side of him. As well-nourished undead, they moved like panthers…graceful and menacing. He could sense the violence that exuded from them. They wanted him to defy them.
Although he had the machete, there was no way he could bring it to play before they overpowered him. Knowing every minute that sped by brought his wife and son closer to death or worse, Victor forced himself to wait for a better opportunity.
The three of them marched to Tobias’ suite.
Tobias sat behind the desk with his hands clasped behind his head and his feet propped on the corner of the desk. A burning cigar lay in the ashtray, the smoke curling upward. Despite the early hour, he looked as sharp as ever—a large, latter-day yuppie with slick hair, smooth shaven face, fine Italian-made suit and, of course, the circular-rimmed glasses.
“Victor! Come in, come in,” he said, smiling warmly. He gestured to one of his leather guest chairs. “Have a seat. Take off your lab coat.”
“Thanks,” he said. He unbuttoned the lab coat, but kept it on as he sat. “You wanted to see me?”
Tobias addressed the security guards. “Outside, gentlemen.”
“But Mr. Tobias…”
“Outside.”
After they closed the door, Victor glanced over his shoulder and saw their shadows through the opaque glass bricks.
“We found Asheley,” Tobias said casually.
Victor tensed, ready to spring at Tobias. He could have the machete out and swinging in two seconds.
“Evidently you didn’t fancy her proposition,” Tobias continued. “Not entirely surprising, since you are loyal to your wife, even though you’re one of us now. Don’t be alarmed. This has happened a few times before. I did the same thing myself to Ms. Asheley’s predecessor’s predecessor. I know what you were going through. I want you to know I didn’t realize she was going to go up and see you. I encourage promiscuity, but only if all parties agree to it.”
He paused to take a few puffs on the cigar. “We do have a problem, however, and it’s not what you did to Ms. Asheley. The problem is that your surgical technique has been less than perfect so far. Doctor Stillway has informed me you’re not progressing as we’d hoped. That’s why I had you sit up front at the execution. You’re a brilliant man, Victor. I know I don’t have to remind you of the terms of your contract. I think it’s taking you longer than most to adjust, that’s all. But the time for adjustment is over. Now I want you to take action and become the surgeon I need to further our survival, understand?”
Victor stared at him. “Yes, I understand.”
“Good. You can start with a new arrival that was brought into the E.R. an hour or so ago. The boy doesn’t truly need surgery, but we told his mother he has swelling of the brain and the pressure needs to be released surgically. I want you to stop his heart on the operating table. We’ll have him prepped and covered with the surgical sheets so you won’t have to see his face. We have a use for the boy in our ranks.”
He nodded mutely. “What about the boy’s mother?” he asked, nearly choking on his ire.
“We’ve got her under control.”
Victor glanced over his shoulder. The shadows of the security guards were still visible through the opaque glass. Rising, he extended his right hand over the table. “Sorry I didn’t catch on quite fast enough. I know what needs to be done now, and I’ll make every effort to set things straight.”
Grinning, Tobias stood and reached for his outstretched hand. “I knew you’d come around. You’re too intelligent not to see things as they should be.”
“Exactly,” he said.
“Stillway had his doubts, but I told him, ‘Just give Victor time, he’ll work out.’ I was right!” Tobias laughed.
Victor grinned.
Tobias’ hand, complete with thumb and pinky rings, was ready to close on Victor’s hand in a gentlemanly shake.
Victor straightened his other wrist. When the machete handle slid out, he smacked Tobias’ hand away.
Tobias’ laugh died in his throat as Victor whipped out the machete, shearing through the material of his sleeve as he did so. With a back-handed stroke, the blade whistled through the air, powered by every ounce of undead strength still remaining in Victor’s body.
Tobias’ look of confusion was forever caught on his face as the blade divorced his head from his shoulders.
Victor watched as Tobias’ eyes lost focus.
As Tobias’ head toppled from his shoulders and struck the polished mahogany desk, his body crashed to the floor. The head rolled once, then rocked back and forth on the desk the way an egg rocks on a countertop when gently tapped. The guards burst through the office door and rushed in.
Victor leaped toward them, the blade already whistling through the air. Another head separated from its undead host.
Without pause, he swung at the last guard.
But the last guard was quick. He stepped back and the machete whistled past his face. He then pulled out a twelve inch Bowie knife that gleamed beneath the fluorescent lights. “Traitor!” he screamed. “Do you know what you’ve done?”
“I know exactly what I’ve done,” Victor snarled. He feinted a thrust at the guard’s face. When the guard jerked his head back, Victor lunged and swung again.
It was a good tactic, but the guard was too fast for him. He ducked beneath the blade and buried his knife to the hilt in Victor’s stomach, bowling him over and landing on top of him. Victor felt the stab of icy pain in his stomach. He lost his grip on the machete and it clattered somewhere on the floor.
The guard was on his knees on top of him, his arm working up and down with the blade like a massive jigsaw.
“Gonna carve you up, man! Carve you up!”
Victor struck at the guard’s head to little effect. The knife bit into his stomach again and again, and this time the pain exploded in his mind. His arms flung out and slammed against the floor. The guard cut Victor’s stomach from his body and threw the ichor-greased organ to the white carpeted floor, where it quivered.
“Let’s see how you do now, traitor.” The guard laughed. 
Through the pain, Victor somehow felt the wooden grip of Stillway’s machete. His clawing fingers grasped the handle. He swung the weapon.
The blade chopped into the guard’s neck. Screaming, he fell in a kicking heap to the side. Victor jerked the blade free, rolled to his knees and finished the job with another chop.
“Should have…gone for the neck, boy,” Victor groaned to the guard’s severed head.
But the guard didn’t answer.
Couldn’t answer.
Victor gripped the edge of Tobias’ massive desk and pulled himself to his feet. He leaned on the desk and waited.
He expected more guards, more of the undead.
None came.
He glanced down at the desk. A note was there, scrawled in Tobias’ handwriting. VG’s patient—5:30. Rm. 435.
Room four thirty-five.
Victor looked at the clock on the wall. Twenty minutes had passed since he’d first entered the hospital. It felt like days. He looked down at the repulsive organ that had kept him from truly dying.
It was black and shriveled.
He felt death’s presence around him…a welcome occurrence had the circumstances been different.
But now it was dangerous. Dangerous because he might not be able to find Walt and Lenora before he died.
He had only thirty minutes now.
Thirty minutes to get Walt and Lenora out of the hospital. Thirty minutes to follow through with his plan…if he could make it that long.
Hunched over like Quasimodo, he buttoned his coat to cover the tattered strips of skin and gaping hole in his abdomen. Stumbling through the door, he straightened as best he could and hurried to the elevators. 
Chapter Thirty-four

Deep within the scarlet tunnel beneath the hospital, the beast suddenly looked up from the body on which it had been feeding. Rich red blood dripped from its muzzle and onto the wet floor. Something was wrong.
Up there…
Something had happened.
Demonic senses scanned the hospital, searching for anything unusual.
Tobias.
An image played before the beasts’ eyes.
Tobias’ head. It was on his desk.
And his body was strewn upon the floor.
His soul had been released.
The partnership was over.
Unless someone else assumed leadership, the bodies would no longer be supplied!
The beast snarled. With a blurred swipe of one huge paw, it sent the head of its meal flying through the air. It struck the rock wall with a splatter of blood and brains. Outside the cell, a hundred moans issued forth.
Tobias was gone! Who had dared…?
The beast searched for the imprint of other souls.
Two guards had met the same fate as Tobias. And a woman.
The beast searched on. There. Yes, there! The soul of the one who had done the deed. A familiar soul. One that had occupied this very cell for a brief time.
A heavy rumbling left the throat of the beast.
Victor Galloway.
He had signed the contract, bought some time and waited for his chance. Now he meant harm to the entire family of undead. And that meant no more bodies for the beast.
And that was quite entirely unacceptable!
The beast sensed something curious about two other souls in the hospital.
They were part of Victor Galloway’s soul.
How interesting.
A rumble started in the beast’s throat. It became louder and louder then took on a high-pitched, maniacal note. The beast’s lips pulled back to reveal red-stained fangs.
Its laughter echoed down the tunnel as it loped in easy strides toward the elevator.
Victor’s pack members were also in the hospital!
Victor had a plan of destruction. He must be stopped. It had taken a long time to secure an adequate supplier of bodies. Victor must pay the penalty for breaking his contract. He would witness the torture and death of his bitch and pup, then spend eternity with their agonized faces in his mind. 
It wasn’t too late to appoint another in Tobias’ place. 
Chapter Thirty-five

Ray had discovered the maintenance road last fall while on his lunch break from the hospital. It wound through the woods near the river and came to a dead end at a fenced patch of transformers operated by the Potomac Power Company. But he wasn’t going that far. As soon as he was behind the hospital, it was time to bail.
And hope the undead weren’t around.
When he spied the hospital lights through the trees, he cut the engine and let the Jeep’s momentum take over. Navigating solely by moonlight, he pulled hard on the reluctant steering wheel to negotiate a curve, straightened, then cut sharply to turn off the road. He eased the Jeep between two large pine trees, the tires crunching sticks and pinecones through the thin layer of snow until he coasted to a stop.
Painfully, his pulse throbbed in the bandaged cuts on the sides of his neck as he peered into the shadows for the undead. Satisfied as best he could be that there were none, he found the door handle. The muscles in his arm tensed, ready to pull back on the handle.
Suddenly he was short of breath.
Once he left the comparative safety of the vehicle, he’d be on undead territory. The undead were faster and stronger and far more dangerous than he was. True, he had the meat cleaver. It was better than nothing, but far from adequate protection. He couldn’t strike at them from a distance. No, to use the cleaver he’d have to get up close and personal …a decidedly tricky place to be.
He tried not to think about how close he’d come to being captured or killed. Tried not to think about what it meant to re-enter their lair.
Wishing he could take just one great big drag on a cigarette, Ray instead took a deep breath and opened the door.
The cold air slapped him in the face. Sliding off the driver’s seat, his thigh hurt despite the five tablets of aspirin Galloway had given him. Gently he closed the door and stole into the shadowy patch of woods. To his surprise he found the wooded area dappled by shafts of silver moonlight and not as dark as he’d previously believed.
Three asphalt walking trails snaked through these woods. Ray didn’t set foot on any of them. For all he knew they might be guarded or one of the undead might be taking an early morning stroll along one of them.
Clinging to the shadows cast by the pine and oak trees, Ray limped as fast as he could until he came to the final tree that stood at the edge of the hospital lawn. Beyond the grassy patch was the rear parking lot, now empty. Beyond the lot loomed the hospital, its glowing windows like mocking eyes that dared him to enter. The morgue entrance, a solitary door, was cast in orange from the sodium lights of the parking lot.
Ray didn’t see anyone, alive or otherwise.
Victor had said the camera had been damaged and might still be inoperable. Ray wondered if Victor had damaged it. He hoped the camera hadn’t been fixed yet, and that Tobias hadn’t posted any security guards back here.
The night was silent.
Ray shivered.
He didn’t kid himself that he shivered because it was eighteen degrees. He didn’t really feel it. His body was free-basing adrenalin. If it weren’t for the breath rising before him, he wouldn’t even know it was cold.
If he was going to find Lenora and Walt, he had to be quick.
There was no way of knowing when Tobias would order action on the Galloways. Best to find out in which room Walt was being held, whether the emergency room or some other…then he’d look for Lenora.
Of course, getting caught meant death, or worse.
Here goes…! 
With the meat cleaver tucked inside his jacket, Ray hobbled from the protective shadows and into the naked light. Like a bad headache, his pulse rocked his entire head. He hugged the mortar and cinderblock wall of the main hospital until he was at the morgue entrance. It was a steel door with rust spots and peeling paint. The identification card reader next to the door watched him with a glowing red eye.
Ray steadied one trembling hand with his other trembling hand and slid the card down the reader’s slot.
It didn’t take.
Had they thought ahead enough to have his code denied? Were they running to his location right now, alerted by his attempt at passage?
He looked at the card. The magnetic strip was turned to the wrong side.
A sound from the parking lot. Shoes on pavement. Not in a hurry, but coming this way.
Adjusting the card, he swiped it through the reader again. The red eye went green and the door latch clicked.
Jamming the handle down, he pushed and was inside the morgue one second later.
After closing the door, he let out the breath he’d been holding. He looked around the expansive room. The lights were on after-hours power and made the place dim. He could see no one walking or standing around.
Then his jaw fell open.
The only time he’d been here was on a tour of the hospital during his first week of employment. At that time, there had been twelve stainless steel examining tables. More than enough to handle the typical body count, they’d told him.
Now he counted five rows of twenty tables, all with white sheets over them. Beneath every one of the sheets was the unmistakable form of a human body.
A hundred dead.
And who knew how many more were in the steel drawers lining the walls?
Ray shuddered as a cold sweat broke out from every pore in his body.
The door to the main hospital was located beneath a glowing green sign at the far end of the room. To reach it, he’d have to walk between the rows of bodies on the tables.
His sixth sense exploded warning rockets in his mind like a lunatic pyrotechnician at a Chinese New Year festival.
Focus, man. Focus.
There was an office to his immediate left. A large window looked out over the field of dead bodies on the tables. The unmistakable glow from a computer monitor spilled onto the floor in front of him.
There was no telling where they’d taken Lenora. She wouldn’t be tracked by computer, but she was here. There was no way of finding her without asking someone, and that would be risky. But Walt may have been entered into the system.
Ray went into the office.
It took only a few keystrokes to get the information he needed. There was no Walter Galloway entered into the admitting system in the last twenty-four hours. However, they had admitted a John Doe, Jr. at three-thirty this morning.
It had to be Walt.
His room was on the fourth floor. But instead of an actual room number, the code they’d chosen was “FA”, meaning “first available”, as in “first available room”.
The schedule had Dr. Waller scheduled to perform surgery at five-thirty on John Doe, Jr.
Ray gasped.
Dr. Waller was Victor Galloway.
Sudden despair gnawed at his heart.
How was he going to get Lenora and Walt away from these monsters?
He’d have to think of something as he went along. There was no time for a plan.
He started out of the office. No sooner did he get five steps into the row of body tables when he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye.
Or thought he did.
The air seemed to thicken and close in around him.
Bringing out the meat-cleaver, he gripped it tightly as first one sheet, another, and then another, all started moving.
The legion of bodies around him weren’t really dead at all.
Some were undead.
And they knew fresh meat was here because now they were moaning.
Time to move! 
He ran toward the far door that led to the main hospital, ignoring the shooting pain in his thigh where Morton had bitten him. Sheets rose like ghosts from the grave as the undead sat up on the tables. Ray held the meat cleaver high.
At first he thought he might make it without them getting close.
They seemed to be having a hard time waking.
But they got faster as he passed the center of the room, as if they realized he was trying to escape.
Their moans grew louder. They cried out for his flesh. Sheets slid from the tables to reveal the naked bodies of men, women and children. In the dim lighting their eyes shone luminescent red. Their mouths formed darkened maws, hideously wide.
The moaning built, louder and louder, until it reached fever pitch, disorientating him. Ray spun, shouting and slashing at the hands that clawed for him. Somehow he caught sight of the door and ran for it, careening off tables and the undead.
They closed in on him like a dark tide.
He heard his jacket rip.
Ray slashed with the cleaver.
Hands and arms and heads dropped to the floor and still they came at him.
Sharp rows of fresh pain ran through him as talons raked the back of his neck, slicing through the bandages there.
Still moving toward the door, but so much slower now, Ray risked a glance over his shoulder. A large undead, what used to be a man, was right on his heels. Its glowing red eyes burned into him with murderous intent as it raked the air with claw-like hands. Ray heard the air whistle between those crooked fingers. Crying out, he swung the cleaver. The blade chopped into the undead’s neck, slowing but not stopping it. It kept coming as others of its kind climbed over tables or shoved them aside to get at him, spilling dead bodies to the floor.
The cleaver lodged in the ghoul’s vertebrae. Ray jerked at it, but it stuck fast.
The undead clawed at Ray’s chest and sliced open rows of skin, spilling his blood. He punched hard at its face, knocked it back a step. He kicked out its legs and it fell with the cleaver in its neck. But more clawed hands reached out as three undead took the place of the fallen one.
He turned and ran headlong for the door. Striking out at the ghouls as he ran, he cracked his knuckles into face after face, knocking them off their feet, causing others to trip over the fallen. All pain was forgotten as he fought for his life, and he eventually gained a stride on his attackers. Now all he needed was a second to grasp the handle and pull…
He slid through an opening that couldn’t have been more than a foot and a half wide. Pulling the door shut behind him, he held it closed, breathing as if he’d just finished the hundred-yard dash. Sweat stung his eyes as he desperately searched the hallway for something to secure the door.
Next to him was a WET FLOOR sign. And a mop and bucket. From the other side, the undead started jerking on the door. With one hand on the door handle, Ray stretched and grabbed the mop, spilling the bucket and its contents. Then he jammed the mop through the door handle so that half of it pressed against the wall. He ran for the nearest stairwell, not pausing to see if the mop held or if anyone had seen him escape the morgue. 
Chapter Thirty-six

Ray gasped for breath as he reached the fourth floor landing. There was no time to ponder the horrors of the morgue. No time to worry about the warm blood oozing from his chest and neck and into his shirt. No time to focus on the burning in his thigh, or the livid stinging as his sweat seeped into his cuts.
Instead, he fought to slow his laboring lungs as he opened the stairwell door a finger’s width, then two fingers’ width, then three. Peering through the opening, he listened for footsteps.
Two hallways branched from the stairwell at forty-five degree angles. Ray opened the door even more and poked out his head, peering down one dim hallway then the other. Both appeared deserted.
There was no one around…undead, alive or otherwise. There should be nurses going from room to room attending patients. There should be orderlies pushing carts or walking with stacks of sheets in their arms. Ray saw no one. There had to be patients on this floor. He knew there was at least one, and his name was Walter Galloway. The fact there didn’t seem to be anyone to care for him or any others was strange, but then it all clicked.
Aside from general information, the undead would not care if a patient wet the bed, vomited on the floor, ripped his or her sutures in a fit of excruciating pain, went into cardiac arrest or spiked a dangerously high fever.
If patients went code blue, there would be no effort to resuscitate them.
He understood now.
The living best served the undead by dying.
Generally, visitors would not be present at four-thirty in the morning, so there’d be no one to observe the neglect that could kill the patients.
Ray wished he could see down the other two hallways that branched off from these two.
Shit in one hand and wish in the other and see which one fills up quicker.
Cautiously he stepped into the hallway and froze. There were a lot of doors, both open and closed.
The system had Walt listed as being in “first available”. But where would “first available” be?
Could be anywhere.
He’d have to go into each room. Checking his watch, he felt hope drain away from him like blood from an opened vein. He had less than thirty minutes to find Walt and Lenora and get them out. 
Ray opened the door to the closest room as silently as possible. He peered in to see an empty bed and a window that showed him the icy Potomac River, vast and silvery beneath the large moon. He backed out and went to the next room, and the next room and the next.
Parting a privacy curtain, Ray saw a middle-aged man lying on the bed with a plastic tube in his nose. He must’ve sensed his presence, because he slowly opened his eyes and looked back at him. An IV tube snaked from his arm, but the IV bag hanging from the stand was shriveled and empty.
Ray stepped farther inside.
“Who…who are you?” the man asked, his voice raspy and dry as a skeleton baking in the desert sun.
“I’m Ray Brennan. Have you seen or heard anything about a boy or woman being brought in tonight?”
“I haven’t seen one goddamned person for hours! The nurses don’t come when I squeeze the button. My codeine…I need another dose of codeine!”
“Can you walk?”
“I had to get up to take a piss in the bathroom a little while ago. Why?”
“You’ve got to get out of this hospital. And I mean all the way out.”
“Are you crazy? I’ve had gallstone surgery.”
“You’re in danger here,” Ray told him. “You see how they’ve treated you. You’ve got to leave. Now. Don’t call for anyone—just get to the elevators and go!”
The man looked scared, but he sat up slowly and unhooked the IV tube. He bled red drops through the needle still in his arm. “What’s going on?”
“I don’t have time to tell you. I have to find the woman and the boy. All I can tell you is that you’ll die if you stay here. You get out, understand? You don’t say anything to the hospital staff until you are off hospital grounds, got it?”
“Yeah.”
Ray left him and went to the next few rooms.
Some rooms had bedridden patients. They stirred and begged him to help them. Some screamed for him to help them. Still no nurses or orderlies came.
The cries tore at him, but he couldn’t help the ones who couldn’t help themselves. Ray bolted for the next room.
Four rooms later, he found Lenora.
They’d left the lights on in the room and hadn’t drawn the privacy curtain that would have blocked his view.
He almost cried out when he saw her.
She was gagged and tied to a chair beside the bed, her arms and legs bound by electric cords. He wanted to charge in, untie her and carry her out. But something told him to hold back. She saw him as he crept in. Her eyes went wide, the whites suddenly flashing in silent alarm.
A guard was lying on the bed, back propped against the headboard, his eyes wide open.
Staring.
Ray tensed. He had no weapon. He was ready to strike, bite and kick should the undead move a muscle, but he was getting lightheaded from blood loss and didn’t kid himself about his chances of winning against the guard who stared right at him.
But the guard didn’t so much as twitch.
Seconds ticked away. Beads of sweat formed on Ray’s forehead and trickled down the middle of his back. The guard remained on the bed, his eyes open but apparently unaware.
Confused, but seizing the opportunity, Ray knelt and silently untied Lenora, glancing over at the guard as he did so. The end of the cord banged on the floor.
Lenora inhaled sharply. He got ready to spring upon the guard, knowing it wouldn’t do much good except to give Lenora a few moments to run away.
The guard didn’t budge. He lay there in the same kind of stupor Clyde had been in on that night a few weeks earlier when Ray came in to fix a production problem in the system.
Ray risked a look at Lenora. Fear distorted her beautiful face.
He put a finger to his lips.
As if fighting for control of herself, Lenora closed her eyes then opened them. She nodded.
Ray rose and untied the gag knotted behind her head. Grasping her arms, he eased her from the chair. Positioning himself between her and the guard, they crept from the room.
They left the guard to his dark visions. 
Chapter Thirty-seven

The elevator doors parted and Victor stumbled out, gripping his midsection. He managed to get his arms up before he collided into the far wall. The palms of his hands smacked into the wall in a one-two combination.
Pain rocked his senses.
Punished him.
No time for any of it. 
He checked both hallways. Empty. He knew other undead like him were somewhere close. He could feel them. The halls were dim, but were they dim enough to shield him from the cameras which hung from the ceiling?
He had to assume they’d seen him. Had to assume they were coming.
He looked at the wall he’d collided with. His hands bracketed a sign that proclaimed he was in the eastern wing of the fourth floor patient tower. An arrow pointed to the right for rooms four-hundred through four-twenty. Another arrow pointed left for rooms four-twenty through four-forty. Victor pushed off the wall and went left.
Hunched over, he pulled himself along with one hand, leaving a streak of dark ichor on the wall. His held his other arm tightly to his abdomen. Somehow it helped him deal with the steady bombardment of pain that made him want to curl up like a dying cockroach. He tried to burn through walls with his gaze, tried to anticipate where the others of his kind might be waiting.
He passed room four-twenty-five.
The world narrowed to the room where his boy was held. Pull after pull on the wall. Shuffle after shuffle of his feet. Slowly he closed in on the room. Doubled over by the hellish pain, he strained to keep his head up.
Four twenty-seven.
He realized he was dying.
Again. 
But he needed more time.
An eternity passed as he pulled himself along the walls of H.E.L.L.
Four twenty-nine.
Please, God.
Four thirty-one.
Please. Just a little more…
Four thirty-three.
Yes!
Victor shoved his shoulder into the door and burst into four thirty-five. A nurse was checking Walt’s pulse. She looked up at the intrusion. Saliva drooled from her lips.
Victor stifled the cry that sprang into his throat. He stared at Walt lying on the bed beneath a blanket. Walt’s eyes were open, but lidded. His body shook violently. Victor could tell at a glance they hadn’t done anything for the boy’s fever.
He forgot his own pain. It was time to give everything he had.
“Are you all right, Doctor?” the nurse asked. She was, of course, one of the undead.
“I’ll take it from here,” he said, his voice straining. “I’ll be performing surgery on this calf in twenty minutes. I’ll take it from here.”
“But, Doctor…”
“I said I’ll take it from here!”
She stroked Walt’s arm, reluctant to let it go. Then she dropped his arm to the bed, got up and eyed Victor from the corners of her eyes. She walked up to him and halted.
“I’ll have to let my supervisor know about this breach of procedure, Doctor.”
“Please do.”
“As a matter of fact, I’ll use the phone in here.”
“No, you won’t.”
She ignored him and started toward the phone on the end table near Walt’s bed. Victor’s hand shot out and closed like a vise on her upper arm.
She whipped her head around. “Doctor, what—”
“I’d like to speak to you in the hallway for a moment, nurse,” Victor growled, already pulling her out the door and into the hallway. She struggled. She was undead and therefore strong far beyond mortal means. Victor was also undead, though malnourished and mortally injured.
But that was his son in that bed.
It was over in seconds.
In the hallway, she beat at his head with her fists, shouting in alarm. His hand dove toward her abdomen, tore through her skin, crushing her sternum at the same time. He gripped the upper stem of her stomach. This time she screamed. With a wrench, he pulled the organ free and shoved her contorting body backward into the far wall. He hurled her stomach down the hallway where it slid for a few feet before coming to a stop.
The nurse would no longer pose a threat. She did not have Victor’s strength or motivation.
Victor rushed back into the room, quickly washed the ichor from his hands and hurried to Walt’s side.
Cradling his son’s head, he allowed himself this one, fleeting indulgence. He stared down at Walt’s beautiful blue eyes, now watery and half-closed as his young body battled the virus. “Who…?” Walt asked, in a voice that made Victor’s soul ache.
“A friend.”
“Friend? I don’t…remember you.”
“I’m a friend of your daddy’s. Listen to me, Walt. This hospital is a bad place. You can’t stay here. I’m going to get you out. You need to go to a different hospital, not this one.”
Fear crept into the boy’s eyes. “They won’t let me see my mommy. I keep asking to…”
“Together we’ll find your mommy and get you out of here.”
The fear dissolved from the boy’s face. Looking down at his son, Victor felt his own pain ease. Walt trusted this stranger before him. “You…you know my daddy?” Walt asked.
“Yes,” he whispered.
“My daddy’s alive. They say he died, but he’s alive. I know it.” 
Victor swallowed. “He’s not alive like before, but he’ll always be part of you. He told me that. He’ll always be part of you.”
“Always part of me,” Walt repeated. A weak smile formed on his lips. “What’s your name?”
“John Doe. I’m a friend. Will you be my friend?”
“Yeah,” Walt said, his smile getting wider. “I’ll be your friend, John.”
For the first time since his resurrection, Victor’s vision blurred. A single tear fell to his cheek, almost burning him with its purity. “We have to leave now. Have to find your mommy.” He reluctantly set down his son’s head. He wrapped the blanket around Walt’s body and picked him up.
The pain attacked Victor in a renewed assault, driving him down on one knee.
“What’s wrong, John?” Walt asked.
“I’m just a little weak right now, that’s all.” He fought to stand once more and somehow made it. “How are you doing, buddy?”
“My head hurts,” Walt said, dreamily.
“I’d get you some medicine, but we don’t have time. I’ve got to get you away from these people and this place.”
“There are bad people here. I’m scared of them. They’re not nice to me.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I tried to get here as fast as I could.”
“That’s okay. It’s not…your fault.”
Still holding his son, Victor limped to the sink and poured water into a plastic cup. He held it to Walt’s lips. The boy drank deeply.
“Tastes good,” he said.
Through the pain, Victor smiled at his son. He never wanted to leave Walt’s side.
Suddenly Victor stiffened.
An evil was coming. One of such force there was no mistaking it for one of the undead.
Jack.
“What’s wrong?” Walt asked, staring up at him.
He concentrated. Tried to place Jack’s exact location using his undead senses. Jack was on his way up from the tunnel.
Victor wasn’t ready for him, yet. It was too soon!
He gently pulled the cup from Walt’s small hands and let it drop to the floor. He rushed out of the room and into the hallway.
“What is it?” Walt asked again, as they passed room after room.
“A bad man is coming. A very bad man. We have to get out of here. I’ll bet your mommy is in the parking lot waiting for us.”
Victor prayed that Ray had found Lenora. Prayed that together they’d gotten out. 
Chapter Thirty-eight

With Walt cradled to his chest, Victor eyed the elevator. Was Jack coming this way?
Probably.
Victor forced his body to ignore the urge to shut down. He hurried to the intersection of the next two corridors. Here was another stairwell, away from the elevator.
He prayed Jack had used the elevator.
As Victor’s hand closed on the handle of the stairwell door, he heard a cry.
There was something familiar about that cry.
It carried with it equal measures of fear and joy. It was again repeated, this time with a name.
“Walter!”
Victor turned to see two figures, one running with a limp and the other running with her arms outstretched, her mouth open wide, the whites around her eyes showing.
Lenora.
Ray Brennan limped behind her.
Victor moved toward them.
“Put my son down!” Lenora screamed at Victor. “Put him down, now!”
“Mommy!” Walt cried.
“It’s all right,” Ray said, huffing. Victor noted the blood stains on his shirt. “He’s with us…he’s one of the doctors on our side.” 
“Mommy, he saved me from the bad people,” Walt said. “He’s a good man, Mommy!”
Lenora slowed, confusion evident on her face.
Victor held Walt out for her. At the last instant before they closed in, Victor hugged Walt tightly.
Though burning with fever, Walt smiled up at him.
Whatever was left of his soul tore apart. “Don’t ever forget that your daddy loved you like nothing else in this world,” he whispered. “Don’t ever forget that, Walt. Please.”
“I won’t forget,” Walt promised.
He handed his son to his wife. Ray stood by her side, gazing in wonder at Victor.
Lenora held Walt and sobbed.
“It’s okay, Mommy,” Walt said. “I’ll be okay.”
Victor wanted nothing more than to hold the both of them. “You must run from this place,” he told them. “There are a lot of them and they are coming.”
Lenora looked at him, tears flowing down her cheeks. “Thank you for my son! I was so afraid…”
Victor almost choked. All he could do was nod. Holding Walt tightly to her breast, she reached out and squeezed Victor’s shoulder.
Victor thought, If I could die now I would die happy.
“Who are you?” she asked, staring at him through her tears while squeezing his shoulder. “You…you seem familiar.”
“I…knew your husband. Through him I know you. He told me what a wonderful wife and mother you are.”
She hugged Victor to herself and Walt then took a reluctant step back. She stared into Victor’s eyes. “There’s something else about you…”
Victor ignored her, though it pained him to do so. He shook hands with Ray. “I owe you.”
“No, you don’t, Doctor.”
“Get them out of this hell. Do you have your lighter on you?”
Ray dug into a pocket and handed him the butane lighter.
Victor closed his fist around it. “It’s time.”
Ray swallowed. “Good luck, Doctor Waller.”
“Take care of them.”
“I will.”
A door slammed down the hallway. A shout of alarm went up. Victor gestured emphatically. “Go! I’ll wait for them and let them see me take these stairs. You take the stairs at the next corner, farthest from the elevator. Run! And do not use the elevator! We have only seconds before they get here.”
Lenora hesitated. She still stared at him as if trying to place his face.
“Go!” Victor urged.
“Come with us!” Lenora said.
“Yeah, come on!” Walt said.
Victor smiled for them. “I have one more thing to do.”
Ray took her by the arm. Victor watched as they ran down the hallway, past the elevator to the far stairwell. The three of them looked back at him as he watched. Victor raised his hand in farewell. They waved then disappeared.
He nearly sank to his knees in relief.
A guard charged down the hallway toward him, screaming for blood.
Victor started to pull on the stairwell door. But instead of opening, the door exploded in his face, hurtling him backward through the air.
He collided with the wall then collapsed to the floor, where he lay sprawled.
He raised his head. A dark, hulking form stood in the shredded metal that used to be the stairwell door.
The beast stalked forward, massive shoulder muscles rippling, fangs exposed in a vicious grin.
“Hello, Victor,” Jack growled. 
Chapter Thirty-nine

Victor scrambled to the side.
“You didn’t hold up your end of the bargain, Vic-boy,” Jack snarled. His forked tongue flicked over his fangs as he loomed over Victor. “That wasn’t nice what you did to Tobias, you understand. I had no great affection for him, but we were partners. We had an arrangement. Now who will supply me with bodies and souls?”
A flood of naked undead poured down the hallway, behind the first security guard, who pulled up at the sight of the beast. Victor didn’t recognize these undead.
Jack turned and gazed at them, then glanced at Victor from over his shoulder. “I’ll give you a little show before I tear you apart. I’ll keep your head on your body, though…that way you can watch as I torture your family in front of you. How does that sound?”
“Not too good.”
“You have little choice. But first things first! I will not allow these rodents to rob me of my revenge.”
Jack sprang into the undead, slashing and biting in a blur of motion. Some of the undead screamed. Many did not have time enough for that luxury.
Stay busy, Jack. Stay busy.
Somehow he rose to his feet. He’d never make it down the stairs, so he lurched to the elevator. Again and again he mashed the “down” button. The button lit, but the doors did not part. Mashing the button continuously, he knew the elevator wouldn’t come any faster, but he did it anyway.
Victor watched as Jack butchered the undead.
As if sensing something was wrong, Jack halted his slaughter and looked over his massive shoulder at him. “Where do you think you’re going?” he shouted from down the hall.
Come on, come on! 
Victor eyed the stairwell. Jack would be on him before he got halfway there. He looked back at the beast.
Jack’s claws slashed across the throat of one of the undead. The head toppled backward, but held on by a flap of skin and two yellowish tendons. The undead’s body, now truly dead, fell limply to the floor.
The other undead laid on the floor in scattered heaps, a tangle of body parts.
The beast turned from the carnage and stalked toward Victor, its muzzle dripping black ichor.
Victor mashed harder on the button.
As he watched, the image of the beast shimmered. In its place stood the human form of the demon, staring at him with those luminescent red eyes. As before, Jack was somehow dressed in a natty suit and tie. His face and hands still dripped the body fluids of the undead, however. From his breast pocket, he produced a red silk handkerchief and wiped his face and hands. Each step he took with his hard shoes sounded like he was driving nails into Victor’s coffin. Nonchalantly, he tossed the handkerchief over his shoulder.
“You can’t run from me, Victor. Surely you know that.”
“I know it,” he said, his voice sounding strained to his own ears.
“Then why persist in this cat and mouse game?”
“Because the game’s not over yet, scourge.”
Jack laughed and kept coming. “‘Scourge’ is it? Surely you can come up with something better than ‘scourge’. Really, Victor. I’m not Blackbeard…”
The elevator dinged and the doors parted. Victor threw himself inside and jammed on the “B2” button. Jack’s shoes clacked like a machine gun as he ran forward.
“VICTOR!”
Mercifully, the elevator doors slid shut, cutting off Jack’s shout. The elevator went down, the chimes silent as it passed floor after floor.
Victor slumped against the side of the elevator. He remained near the door in case his legs gave out. He didn’t want to have to crawl very far to do what he needed to do. Opening his fist, he looked down at the lighter Ray had given him. Somehow he’d managed to hold on to it.
Suddenly a loud bang sounded and the elevator rocked violently.
Victor fell to the floor.
What happened? Was he still going down? Were the elevator cables—
More banging. From the roof of the elevator. He looked up as he pulled himself to his feet. The trap door at the top of the elevator was steel, locked from the inside. It buckled inward.
“Still awake in there?”
Jack had leaped down the elevator shaft.
Victor glanced at the LCD readout. They passed the ground floor, then B1.
The banging continued. Victor could almost see Jack up there, driving his fists into the steel trapdoor.
It buckled even farther. Victor saw flashes of Jack’s fist, then a mouth and long white teeth.
“Victor? I’m coming for you, Victor,” Jack promised. “Don’t go anywhere.”
The elevator stopped. Victor looked at the readout.
B2.
He pushed at the doors as they parted. He lurched into the crimson tunnel, suddenly recalling the horror of what had happened to him down here, and what had happened to Ginny Travers and countless others.
He had no real strength left, just desperation.
Groaning, he leaped. His fist smashed the rusted pipe overhead. Victor landed with a crunch on his hip. He tried to get up, but couldn’t. He crawled to the side of the tunnel, leaned against the stone wall and— 
Waited for Jack.
Overhead, natural gas hissed out of the ruptured pipeline. Victor admired his handiwork, then pictured the four operating rooms below the patient tower. The oxygen he’d released from the valves hours ago should have filled the entire ground floor by now.
He smiled.
Jack crashed through the elevator’s trap door. His entire body filled the doorway. Strolling forward, he observed Victor with an expression of curiosity on his face.
“Why are you smiling, Victor?” Jack halted, cocked his head. When he spied the mangled pipe over Victor’s head, his eyes grew wide. “Fool!” he said. “Do you know what you’ve done?”
Victor’s smile grew wider until it became a full-fledged grin. “Oh, yeah.”
He raised a trembling arm, thumb on top of the cigarette lighter.
“No!” Jack charged forward, impossibly fast.
Victor’s thumb flicked down.
There was a spark, then a small blue flame leaped onto the end of the lighter.
“Fuck you, Jack.” 
Chapter Forty

The pre-dawn sky shrieked into brilliant blue and yellow. A massive explosion, louder and more violent than anything Ray had ever heard or could ever imagine, tore the world apart. Like artillery fire, four more explosions followed it in rapid succession. At the far end of the southern parking lot, he and Lenora, with Walt held tightly to her chest, were thrown to the asphalt by the force of the blasts.
Ray shielded them with his body.
Hundreds of car windows exploded into hurtling shards. Bits and pieces of flaming material struck the cars and asphalt around them. Ray groaned as two projectiles hit his back. It felt like someone had whipped rocks at him from ten feet away.
The ground rumbled and shook. It was as if an earthquake had hit northern Virginia.
Lenora screamed.
Ray tried to get up, but the tremors made it impossible. He gained one knee and managed to keep his arms around Lenora and Walt. He held them close, shouted for them to keep their heads down even as he looked over his shoulder at H.E.L.L.
He witnessed his first cataclysm.
The two floors of the main hospital had become a swirling mass of yellow and blue. Gargantuan flames reached out, twisted, dove inward, rose and fell upon themselves thousands of times in just a few seconds.
The flames coalesced into a fiery mass.
Ray stared, unable to move or speak. He just stared and sweated from the heat.
It’s a sun. A star of Victor’s vengeance.
Just as he thought the cars and asphalt and trees around him would burst into flames, the star disappeared. There was more rumbling, and then ear-splitting crashing.
The earth tore.
The hospital had vanished downward, taking the newly formed sun along with it. For a moment the icy river shone like noon on a summer day, then it merely glowed red as if in the aftermath of a fierce battle.
Where there had been a hospital, now there was a cliff overlooking the river…a hundred and fifty yards farther inland than the site of the original precipice.
The ensuing explosion made the first seem like that of a Blackcat firecracker.
Ray ducked. As he straightened a massive object that should not have been in the sky drew his gaze.
The patient tower, that immense square column of seven floors, was airborne.
It shot out over the river, its base eaten alive with fire and smoke.
It rotated slowly, like a malfunctioning rocket.
Ray glimpsed the horrified faces of the undead looking out from the upper floors, and the equally horrified living patients from the lower floors. Ray’s heart went out to the patients, but there was nothing he could do. Victor’s solution had been all-encompassing. There’d been no way to separate the good from the evil. With a final explosion, the patient tower became a colossal fire rod, every floor alive with flames, vomiting thick columns of black smoke into the air.
From far away Ray heard screams and sirens.
Trailing flames and smoke, the tower described a blazing arc over the river. It shuddered and twisted, then slammed into the ice-choked river. The sound of the impact was deafening.
The ice shattered beneath the tower. Networks of cracks ran for miles up and down the frozen river.
Then the river engulfed the burning tower.
Even beneath the water, the tower continued to glow and send black plumes of smoke into the sky.
Through the ringing in his ears Ray again heard screams, followed by the sirens from the fire trucks that now lined the parking lots.
A hand grasped his jaw and turned him. Lenora wore a shocked expression—the same as Ray’s own.
“What happened here?” she shouted, her tears cutting through the ash and soot on her face.
“Our doctor friend did what he had to do.”
The glowing, smoking river and flashing emergency lights played in Walt’s glassy eyes.
“Come on,” Ray said to Lenora, “let’s get Walt to a real hospital.”
He helped her to her feet, no slight task given their disorientation from the blasts and Walt clinging to her neck. They hurried through the parking lot. Over Lenora’s shoulder Walt’s face rose. He held his small hand up toward the smoldering ruins of H.E.L.L.
“Bye, Daddy. Love you. Say hi to God.”     

About the Author:
Seeking out the strange and spectacular, John Andrew Karr writes as a daily event and works full time in systems integrations and databases. He has published several novels, novellas and short stories. Married with two grown children. He lives in Wilmington, NC where he and his wife enjoy many sunny days at the beach, kayaking, exercising and landscaping. After sunset he can often be found with a flight or a pint from a local brewery. 
https://johnandrewkarr.com/
Other Books by John Andrew Karr (also John A. Karr):
Sword and Sorcery
RHONE

Science Fiction
Detonation Event, Mars Wars Book 1
Rogue Planet, Mars Wars Book 2
Annihilation Event, Mars Wars Book 3

Medical Thriller
Shattered

Paranormal Mystery / Occult Detective
Ghostly Summons

Historical Fiction
Van Gogh, Encore

Weird West
Ujahwek
