
Dryden Black and the Nazi Vampires

Copyright 2015 SA Campbell 
Published by SA Campbell at Smashwords





Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Dear reader,
As you know, this book is free.
I hope you enjoy it and if you do, please could you like the Facebook page or follow me on 
Twitter where you'll be able to follow the creation of the next book.
Thanks for downloading
S.A Campbell

https://www.facebook.com/drydenblackbook

https://twitter.com/S_A_Campbell





Prologue
The Carpathian Mountains - 1528



There were twenty of them. 
Twenty men of god. 
Twenty... of the men of Rome. 
They had travelled hundreds of miles, for week upon week to work their way around the Ottoman lines. Finally arriving here, at Entreschau Castle, in the dark foothills of the snowcapped Carpathians.
The village peasants peered out from the gloom of their hovels at the foreign garb of the passing twenty. Their sallow eyes tracked the glint of the weapons and ornately embroidered crosses that adorned the front of every Vatican Knight's robes.
The knights trudged wearily upward, toward the dark towers that overlooked the valley. They couldn't help but notice how the highest points of the castle rose out of the rock like a specter of jagged shards, an unholy blade, stabbing furiously at the world. 
More of the villagers emerged from the shadows as the men of Rome passed their damp and broken shacks, they continued through the village and marched ever higher and nearer to the castle. As they left the small settlement behind them, a crowd of the boldest peasants had gathered on the roadside, they watched aghast as the small band made their way further up the path. 
Even by the grace of the almighty, how could only twenty knights hope to survive until dawn?
The man leading the group wore no sword, but carried a long iron crucifix, he was taller and older than the rest. His pale blue eyes scanned the tall black walls surrounding Entreschau. Arrow-slits were arranged randomly across the rough black façade. And he saw, with a shudder of doubt, that every one of the slits and every window on the tower walls was bricked up and permanently sealed. 
He was only too aware of the reason for this, and it made his blood turn cold.
No army in Europe had dared to approach Entreschau for over two hundred years. Most fighting men, from veterans to generals would go days out of their way to keep clear of the dark valley.
The leader halted before the black, oak door. It was five times taller than the highest war-horse and each of the sharp studs on its pockmarked face were the size of a clenched fist. He lifted the sturdy metal cross from his side and heaved it back, holding it high for a moment, before bringing the crucifix down in an arc to hammer against the door three loud times. The deep thuds echoed behind the thick shield of wood and metal, but went unanswered. The knights watched their leader as he turned, looked around at their readied weapons and then turned back to the door. He waited. 
To the West, the sun was setting over the Papal lands. And in the East, smoke from the raiding Ottoman hordes snaked up into the blackened sky. Even the heavens above where stained by the approach of the godless army from the desert hells.
The knights waited patiently as the sun crept low behind the mountains, until suddenly, they were alerted by a scraping sound from behind the door. The door was being unbolted, it groaned at first, and then… it screamed, screams like a hundred years of agony as it opened to reveal a cloaked figure in the gloom of the great hall. The skeletal form spoke from the shadows. 
"You are Benoit Zanetti de Bologna chief at arms of the order of the unsainted Joshua. Why do you come?"
The leader moved to the threshold and confidently answered.
"We seek audience with your masters. We offer them armistice with the soldiers of the Vatican if they will accept terms."
The figure in the cloak slowly surveyed their numbers, nodded and turned to the shadows.
Zanetti paused and looked round at his men, each one, a hand lingering over a sheathed sword. He stood tall and called into the darkness in a confident, commanding voice.
"We shall disarm as a mark of respect for your masters."
But his face fell when he heard the return of laughter and a mocking voice.
"My masters require no such meager gestures."
The proud soldiers of the Papal States, a brotherhood with over half a millennia of heritage, a group of men that had led the charges and sieges of the crusades and the greatest European wars… felt fear. A type of visceral fear none of them had really felt since infancy, when cowering under bed sheets from wild storms and the spirits of the night.
They steadied themselves and followed their leader into the throat of the castle.
As they made their way through the black corridor their eyes began to adjust to glimpses of movement in the darkness. 
Silent, pale figures marked their every move. But none of the men spoke of what they saw, they couldn’t believe it themselves. There were flashes of alabaster flesh cloaked in black silk, slender hands moving against the dark rock and the quiet pad of bare feet keeping pace with the group every step of the way.
The servant halted and threw open a pair of braced doors. The room beyond was almost as dark as the corridor, but high up on the inner walls, boarded over windows allowed small shafts of light to burn the cold stone floor. Per Valois of Berne, the last of the twenty looked back into the gloom and as the door closed behind them, he saw the cloaked figures who had tracked their progress through the castle. Their skin was pale and drawn like marble, and every single one of them, in the light of a summer’s day, could have been one of the most beautiful maidens in Venice. The women in the shadows covered their faces in their cowls as the doors closed and Per Valois of Berne turned to follow the gaze of his comrades. 
The group stood before a long table, spotted with thick candles, the figure of a man sat motionless in the center, his head bowed. The servant approached his master at the table. He placed a hand on the master’s shoulder to rouse him. The dark figure looked up at the knights. His eyes were black as ink under a furrowed brow and framed by a straggle of thin grey beard.
Benoit Zanetti de Firenze stepped forward, the cross clutched tightly in both hands at the center of his chest. He addressed the man at the table.
"Sir, you know who we are, you know the oath we live by. And we in turn know what evil you live by..."
The seated man spoke in an echoing whisper.
"You know us? Of course you do, every one of you has committed a lifetime to our destruction."
 He smiled.
"But now you come to us in your darkest hour… your time of desperation."
Another voice came from high in the eaves of the room, it was mocking in a singsong tone.
"The men of Rome fearing the godless, come to the damned for salvation? Ha!"
Benoit Zanetti look up into the room’s dizzying heights. He answered the voice.
"The Ottoman are coming. Suleiman is coming. And he will destroy your kind completely, just as he threatens ours. You are with us or against…"
Before he could finish his words he saw a figure leap from high in the shadows. A man in smoke and blood blackened armor with long dark hair swooped into the middle of the room to land with a metallic thud on the long thick table.
He rose to his full muscular height and surveyed the knights as their hands twitched nervously over the hilts of their weapons.
Benoit Zanetti looked to the older, still seated man. 
"I am sanctioned to extend to you the sacred word of the holy pontiff that the army of the Papal States shall not bear arms against you."
He looked up at the snarling younger man.
"Or your brethren."
The young man growled down at them
"We will never trust the men of Rome your order of Joshua have hunted and…"
The older man halted his sibling with a whisper.
"Silence brother."
The younger brother began pacing proudly along the table before the twenty. The elder continued.
"We know of the approaching army, we know their numbers and we know their objective is here, at Entreschau. The surrounding valley provides passage to the west, to Venice and then, to your lands."
He leaned forward and his black eyes widened glowing in the candlelight as he spoke directly to the trembling churchman.
"Yes, we will fight them. But I promise you this, betray us… and you will suffer for eternity in a hell no man living can imagine."
Night fell on the castle and the valley beneath began filling with the hordes of the Islamic army. Two thousand Janissary foot soldiers of Constantinople led the way up the steep slope. Behind them, five hundred curved blades of the Timariot cavalry, the Spahis of the Sultan’s household, a nomadic army of swift Arabian horses and riders and then the infamous spearmen of Erzerum. The engineers of Anatolia and their caravans of Siege equipment and heavy cannons followed in reserve, then, still more and more numbers from the heart of the Ottoman Empire to the edges of the desert swarmed across the abandoned lands toward the castle.
The dark doors of Entreschau opened. The Ottoman vanguard paused, waiting for the imminent charge. They had witnessed many vain charges and repelled as many again, nothing would still their blades, they were ready for anything. Anything under the skies. But what they got, was born of darkness.
In the vastness of the great doorway stood two solitary figures, both men wore heavy black plate armor, both held a gleaming, sharp sword in each hand and both for some twisted reason that none of the Ottoman soldiers could comprehend... was smiling. 
There was a heartbeat of confusion from the forward ranks of spears and blades. Every man was filled with the thought that he might be the first to fall to these two demons, and it chilled them to the bone.
The brothers pulled their helms down and the sharp black faces of devils stared out at the massed army, for an instant a glint of red flashed in the black devils' eyes, then they charged. 
Deep into the midst of the waiting wall of soldiers, they charged. And blood arced high behind them like the spray of a ship as the ocean of gore opened up in their path.
Hours passed and the first light of dawn began to break over the spine of eastern mountains. The valley floor was littered with corpses. A bloody path of carnage stretched from the castle to the heart of the scarred fields beneath. The Ottoman forces were scattered. Hundreds had fallen but the two men at the center of the carnivorous melee would not be beaten. The word had quickly spread, that it could only be the agents of Satan himself, risen from the depths of this dark hellish land. Every man in the Ottoman army had turned and fled. Every route available had been taken from the whirlwind of death that had been unleashed on them
The brothers surveyed the mound of gristle and bone and then turned back up toward their sanctuary. The older of the brothers was slumped. Both bore deep battle-wounds and were pockmarked by arrows that had found gaps in the black armor, at the shoulders, neck, waist and knees.  The arrow shafts had been swiftly snapped as the slaughter continued, the wounds ignored, but now that the battle had ended, the damage was beginning to take its toll.
They staggered up the slope over the disemboweled remains of the Ottoman soldiers to the castle door. They supported each other as they moved to their sanctuary, dropping their chipped, dripping swords to ease their passage over the sinking morass of bodies. The younger brother smiled to himself, and wheezed:
"Today we changed history my brother… and colored our land."
The elder replied.
"It is a very fine color."
They came to the doorway of the fortress as the sun touched its high towers, dropping their battered armor breastplates they shuffled across the black stone floor and through the corridor to the sanctum of the great hall. 
Benoit Zanetti was waiting. He sat at the long table, a goblet of wine before him. The brothers looked around the room, there was no sign of the soldiers, and there were no shapes in the shadows. The older brother spoke.
"And now men of Rome… Our betrayal?"
Benoit Zanetti sipped the wine and smiled.
"The Church will never accept your presence in these lands."
"Then do it…. Show us how twenty Vatican knights would dare to challenge the greatest warriors of a thousand years!"
Zanetti was calm and rose as he spoke.
"Yes I watched from the ramparts. But know this, an army of heathen is nothing to the glorious might of the lord himself!"
With this, light blasted into every corner of the room. Boards sealing the windows had been broken open then disguised with blankets which where swept away in an instant. Long mirrors filled the great hall’s dusty corners, pointing and amplifying the burning blasts of sunlight that now streamed through the highest windows into the middle of the room, blinding the brothers in a firestorm. The men of Rome drew their swords and closed in. In moments, they had put a final end to the last bloodline of the Vampyr of Entreschau Castle.





Part I - The hunter

Chapter 1
Military Detention Barracks – Kent, England - November 1941

Dryden Black was led through the corridors of the military prison by three sullen guards. He wore the khaki fatigues common to all service personnel in stock, showing no rank or insignia. 
At twenty-seven, he was almost half as young as the guards, but to the prisoners who peered out of their cells he looked as old as the middle-aged men on either side of him. His tall physique was slumped and his dark hair, a tangled unkempt mess. His RAF officer’s regulation moustache had even grown out to join the unshaved stubble in a dark beard flecked with red hairs down either side of his chin.
Dryden had seen men shaving every day on his wing, but he saw no need to chase pretensions when destined for the six o’clock walk… condemned to be hanged at dawn.
Ahead of him, keeping a slow and weary pace, crept the prison's Chaplain, he carried a bible, but wasn’t reading from it, instead he talked casually with the large granite faced Corporal charged with the execution. To both of them, it was just another weekly hanging. But as he passed the quiet cells, some of the inmates whispered final farewells. 
"Good luck mate"
"Head up, don’t let them break you."
"See you down there Dryden. We’ll have a drink and spit in the fires of hell."
He stared ahead his face a blank shroud.
The group continued through the long grey hallway, their heels clipping one after the other like death's finger tapping. Every sound bounced off the stone walls, mocking Dryden that they were the last he would hear. 
Ahead was a steel door and behind that waited the rope. 
Dryden’s face changed, for the first time since the march from his cell, he bit his lip. His forehead was damp with sweat and eyes darker than usual. The group paused before the great door and waited as it slowly opened. 
Finally, there was the outside world. Dryden hadn’t seen the sky for weeks, this was to be his last and it matched his mood. A grey, rain-soaked courtyard with high walls acting as a stone curtain shielding the world from this act. The constant cloud of drizzle came straight down to meet the gathering puddles on the cobbles around the damp pine structure in the middle.
The prison gallows, the last sight of dozens of men before him. 
Beside the wooden tower stood two more guards and a small bespectacled man with grey hair in a dark tweed suit, raincoat and hat, he held a black, leather Doctor’s case with a gold buckle solemnly before him in his gloved hands. Dryden was led up the creaking steps and positioned in front of the dripping noose.
The Chaplain opened his bible, and began to whisper his reading. Drizzle immediately soaked the open page and showed the print from the pages beneath. He sighed, looked to the heavens and promptly closed the book. He crossed his hands over the bible and like a chiding headmaster, spoke.
"Well Black, are you ready to meet your maker?"
There was no response from the condemned man.  The Chaplain wasn’t pleased to be out in the rain, he had better things to do.
"Are you religious?"
He asked more forcefully.
Dryden looked down at the closed bible, his dark eyes crept up to meet the other man's. 
The holy man's hard glare faded, it took braver men than him to outstare a convicted killer before his own gallows.
He sneered a reply in the New York drawl he'd brought back to the country of his birth from the country he called home.
"Hell yeah… as little as you are. Now go stick your good book in your ass."
The minister stepped back shocked.
"You yank bastard."
One of the guards moved forward, the wood creaking beneath his advancing solid frame and crashing footsteps. The guard's hammer of a fist hit Dryden hard in the stomach. He keeled over winded and gagging with sickness and pain, wrists straining hard at the handcuffs. The guard stood over him and leered.
"There you go you filthy American prick, go to hell in pain."
Two more guards hauled him up and roughly pulled a sack over his head. They then pulled the rope violently around his neck. The combined weight of three men beneath the rope made the trapdoor groan dangerously. 
Dryden felt the rope damp and cold on his neck and then they tightened it. One of the men pulled the knot to the right of his head, positioned for a clean break at the first snap of weight on the noose.
By now, he had regained his breath, he turned his head in the direction of the large guard. 
"You’re a big brave man, killing chained and hooded men from your own country."
The large guard’s grin faded and he leaned in to Dryden and whispered. 
"Any more and I’ll put the rope so it chokes you instead of breaking your neck, I’ve seen that take up to five long minutes to finish the job, and it’s never pretty."
Dryden was silent. Hanging by choking was the last punishment of the gallows, a blind eye was turned to it by the brass as the torment was routinely dealt out to rapists and cowards.
The guards took their places, the large man walked slowly over to the release lever, letting his heavy boots sound a terrifying death knell. He then turned and waited, he always enjoyed watching the last moments of tension in prisoners, most would have broken down by now, screaming, begging or praying to anyone who would listen, it would probably only take a few seconds for this one to start pissing himself.
The small man with the Doctor's case looked at his pocket watch and stepped up to the gallows. He nodded curtly to the guard. Both men clearly knew each other. 
The small man walked to Dryden’s side, he stood rigid and silently still. The smaller man was impressed. He set down his bag and took a metal case from inside it, he opened the case and removed a large syringe of dark red liquid. He gently took hold of Dryden’s arm, the hood flinched and inside his head turned. Then the needle went in and the dark fluid flowed with a gush, chased hard by the plunger into his veins. The deed was done. The little man put the syringe back in his bag, and gently moved the noose around a few inches to the back of Dryden’s neck, the choker. Dryden flinched.
"Wait a minute..."
The man whispered in a German accent.
"Good luck."
Then walked quickly down the steps from the gallows. 
Dryden swayed then gasped.
"What the hell… did you put in me..."
He couldn’t speak any more, his voice drained and body followed, his hooded figure swayed on the spot and the knees wobbled. Just as his body swerved forward onto the rope, the door was released by the guard and his body plunged through the open floor into darkness below. The large guard read from a typed sheet of paper on a wooden clipboard.
"Prisoner 421CD Dryden Black execution completed November  22nd 1941, 08.30 hours."
He lowered the clipboard and grinned around at the other guards.
"Now then lads, lets get some breakfast and a nice cuppa, I'm parched."
The soldiers and Chaplain were finished,  they turned and walked from the courtyard as behind them a taut wet rope stretched down into a dark hole. The gallows groaned as it lowered another human life on its final journey.





Chapter 2
Godstone Manor

It was a dull grey English morning,  the kind of morning when seasons are impossible to tell. Mist lingered around the dark redbrick manor like a cold breath. Its façade showed at least forty-five windows paraded along the three levels. Ivy crept in long searching fingers to the second floor, the undergrowth of vast lawn almost dragging the building back into the earth to reclaim the stones for nature. 
Before the building lay a row of silent black Daimlers, brooding and strong, like metal guards at the entrance.
The grounds, even at this early hour, were patrolled by an army of black-garbed soldiers and muscular dogs. Each man carried a small sub-machine gun and automatic sidearm.
As they prowled the woods surrounding the old building. They stopped occasionally to shift the large lenses on their enhanced vision goggles, a supplement to the soldiers' kit that was unique to the old building in the heart of rural England.
Deep in the basement of the manor, Dryden Black lay motionless in a metal framed, white hospital bed. The white sheets where crisply folded over his still body. His eyes were closed, face deathly pale and breathing so shallow it could be missed entirely. 
The small room was tiled in brilliant white and the single light bulb bounced off every polished surface. 
There was a loud echoing click from the door as it was unbolted from the outside. 
Four men entered the room. Two were medical attendants and wore white jackets tightly buttoned up to their necks, another, wearing a white overcoat but shorter and older than the two muscular men was the small man who had been the attending physician at Dryden's execution. The fourth was tall and proud, he was in his forties, slightly greying with a strong structure to his face and wore the immaculate, crisp army uniform and stripes of a Major.
As the soldier and Doctor looked down at Dryden, the two orderlies took up positions on either side of the still man’s head, but they were tense, seemingly on their guard despite the fact that the man they stood over was held to the bed by leather straps from the neck down like a subdued maniac.
"He came through, relatively quickly as a matter of fact. His heart rate picked up yesterday and he eased out of the coma.  He’s had four pints of intravenous fluid but is obviously still in a very weakened condition Herr Major Strang..."
The soldier, Major Strang listened, made his silent decision and then spoke sharply.
"Very good Doctor Herzog, we’ll move him upstairs and give him a booster shot, the boss will want to see this one.
"I couldn’t agree more Herr Major."
Herzog nodded to the two attendants while the Major turned on his heel and marched briskly from the room. 
Herzog stood back while the two strong men unstrapped the pallid, limp figure from the bed. Carefully they lifted him into a wheelchair by the door. Dryden’s eyes fluttered as they straightened him in the chair. The two large men stood back stiffly, shocked at this sudden, tiny movement. They then watched with terrified rigidity as the patient’s body slumped on his side. 
The larger of the two men glanced at his partner for reassurance then, took hold of Dryden to straighten him in the chair. They fastened a leather strap around his chest to support him and strapped both wrists onto the armrests. 
Herzog, now satisfied with his patient’s seating position, led the men from the room, they wheeled the chair through the door and along a white hallway. The group passed several more silent closed cells, their journey was soundless save for the quiet click of Herzog’s leather heels on the tiled floor. 
At the end of the hallway stood a thick, black iron gate breaking the length of the white walls. Behind the gate’s metal teeth, a soldier rose from his post to allow them through. The gate made a deathly groan as it was pushed closed slowly behind them, the guard then firmly re-locked it. 
Herzog hummed as he fished a key from his own pocket, scratched it into place and then turned an electronic switch. Cogs whirred and a lumbering elevator was summoned to the white, painted metal door of the lift shaft. With a clunk and clatter it arrived, the attendants heaved the elevator door wide and took the patient into the metal cell. As the men left the elevator they looked to Herzog who nodded and spoke.
"Thank you gentlemen, I can manage from here."
"Yes sir."
They replied in unison.
The elevator door closed and a minute of mechanical effort followed, the two occupants silent. Then, as the mechanisms parked themselves, the doors opened to a different world. Instead of the clinical whiteness of the underground cells, the inside of the house was adorned with wood paneling and oil paintings. Vases of roses decorated the carved oak tables and everywhere was generously furnished in the worn, comfortable way of every English Manor. He pushed Dryden across the wooden polished floor with care, steering him gently around the plush Persian rugs.
Herzog stopped the chair before a tall oak door. He took a small silver case like the one he’d used at the gallows from the pocket of his white coat, opened it and removed a fully primed syringe. Inside the syringe, a measure of thick dark liquid crept down the glass tube. The Doctor forced the needle into the flesh of his patient’s unflinching neck and pressed the plunger down hard, the consistency of the fluid made his fingers white with the force he exerted pushing it in. Herzog dragged the needle from his patient’s flesh and placed it back in the case. He then peered closely at where the needle had penetrated… not a mark and no blood. 
Suddenly, across Dryden's neck and arms, veins throbbed violently like an animal snatching for food. Herzog saw the hungry muscles jump along the circuit of his patient's upper body. And in a flash, his patient's face filled with color and his eyes opened wide and wild.
But despite the sudden flurry of action, this was the only move Dryden could make. 
Everything he saw was blurred and his head ached with stabs of pain, he clenched his eyes shut together again. 
Herzog pushed the doors open and moved his patient's chair into the room. Then, just as swiftly and silently, he left. 
Dryden Black eased open his eyelids to take in his surroundings.
It was a comfortable burgundy dining room dominated by a large oak table, surrounded by twenty high-backed tapestried chairs and a gently burning fire in a stone hearth. A solitary beam of light pierced the curtained windows to reveal, at the far end of the table, a silhouetted figure. His eyes burned and he closed them letting his other senses take in the room.
He heard the figure at the table cutting at their breakfast, Crunch into a piece of toast and take a sip of tea. The bone china cup was placed gently on the saucer, but in his mind, the din was thunderous.
He tried to drown out the sounds of the room, and instead his head was filled with a rush of scents.
A breakfast of scrambled eggs, white toasted bread covered in melted butter, a cup of Earl Grey tea and a copy of The Times were on he table. He wasn't surprised to recognize the aroma of the breakfast or the tea, but the newsprint shocked him. He also easily knew there were two people in the room. A woman's perfume and a man's aftershave gave that away.
He forced his eyes open again and saw to his left, trying to avoid his gaze, a hospital attendant who wore the same uniform as the men on the lower levels.
The man moved from the corner of the room and took hold of the back of Back's wheelchair, he pushed him nearer the table and left him at an empty setting on the far end opposite the silhouetted figure. The attendant stood behind him, at attention.
"Good morning Mr Black."
It was the woman’s voice. A confident, mature woman.
Dryden, his face pale and eyes ringed with darkness, answered
"It's morning – but there’s nothing good about it."
"I take it you didn’t sleep very well."
"If you’re trying to kill me why won’t you just do it quickly?"
She replied as though to her the situation was quite normal.
"Yes, you are looking somewhat… peaky."
"Peaky? What the hell have you people done to me?"
The woman rose and approached his side of the table.
"Now now, let’s not get too excited."
She was a tall woman in her mid to late fifties, her hair was a silver, blonde mix tied back, her pale complexion and light blue eyes were offset by the red of her lipstick and the black suit dress she wore.
Her jewelry was minimal, a small chain of black pearls and a lapel pin that showed a ruby shaped like a small heart.
Dryden didn't know what to make of her.
She reminded him of a politician’s wife, she moved with almost regal confidence and spoke with the softly clipped accent of a governess.
She called towards the door
"Partridge?"
A uniformed Butler promptly entered. 
"The spectacles if you please Partridge."
The Butler took a leather pouch from his inside pocket, opened it and handed his Mistress a pair of dark glasses.
"Thank you."
The Butler stood back against the wall next to the silent attendant.
"Mr Black, please put these on."
She placed the glasses in front of him and untied his hands. Dryden picked them up and examined the dark lenses, he’d never seen these types of darkened glasses before, they were almost impenetrable, a dark sheen like onyx across the glass, either side of them were blinkered in black leather to guard from light to the sides. He placed them on the table, but did not wear them.
"Partridge, the curtains now please."
The Butler nodded curtly and proceeded to the bay windows and took hold of their thick, wide velvet coverings. In one swift motion he pulled them apart and a blinding light filled the room. Dryden could feel his eyes burn with searing pain, he screamed covering them with his hands, then flailed madly for the glasses before scrambling them over his eyes.
"You see Mr Black, your eyes are now going to be incredibly sensitive to light, you may have to wear these protective spectacles throughout the day."
She leaned on the table next to him. Her nails were short, red.
"Now, as you inferred, you’d like to know what’s wrong with you? Or what’s right?"
Tears streamed down his face as he croaked a pained response
"Yes."
He slowly squinted his eyes open and felt the relieved effect from the dark glass. He looked up and saw through the windows and across a vast expanse of dew covered lawn. He saw the tall, thick forest and yearned for the darkness and cover. Within the shadows he spied heavily armed guards taking slow, deliberate steps through the undergrowth, patrolling their territory with expert precision.
"You have a good mind Mr Black. We expected you to be a lot less cohesive at this stage."
"What?"
He peered over his spectacles to look her in the eye.
There was no answer. Instead the woman opened a silver case in the middle of the table and took a long, thin cigarette from it, she struck a match and puffed twice. Dryden breathed slowly, the smell of the tobacco was overpowering, it was a specialty mix, he could recognize three different plants fighting and combining to create the flavor. Why he knew the intimacies if tobacco scents now, he had no idea, but he did. Further behind the tobacco scents he could still detect the stab of the woman's perfume, then the Camay soap she’d used that morning, even the shampoo and hairspray that controlled the flow of silver, immaculately styled hair.
He watched, breathing slowly, straining against the concoction of aromas for every breath. Finally she spoke.
"I assume from your brief, yet relevant question that you’re wondering what occurred following your execution."
Dryden made no response, his eyes were straining painfully against the shards of sunlight, and his sense of smell was still confused over its own increase in volume.
"Oh yes, you were executed, no doubt about it.  But miraculously. Or rather in truth, because of an injection the good Doctor gave you shortly before you were hanged, you survived!"
She leaned forward and spoke to him as though addressing a naughty child.
"Now… aren’t you pleased to have had our little injection?"
Dryden Black’s head lolled as he tried to shrug his shoulders.
"Suppose."
"My dear Mr Black, your gratitude knows no bounds."
The woman smiled to herself. 
"Or perhaps it hasn’t quite hit you yet."
She raised her voice directing the surprisingly commanding bark at Dryden’s right ear.
"Can you understand what I’m saying?"
Dryden flinched and snapped a hand up to cradle his forehead. She drew back sharply, clearly surprised at the rapid movement of her guest’s pale hand. She sat down cautiously in the chair next to Dryden and breathed a slow calm breath while he answered.  
"Yes, just please… don’t shout. Please."
"Well, well. Manners… normally a sign of good breeding."
She lifted a sheet from a file on the table.
"Dryden S Black.  Born 1915 in Selkirk. Mother deceased, father was Laird of a rather grand estate I see..."
Her eyebrows arched and she looked up.
"But lost it all gambling."
She carried on in silence as she read the rest of the material. Soon, she reached a section that took her interest again.
She leaned back in the chair.
"Now this part intrigues me. We have a record of you and your father moving to the United States when you were twelve, but nothing at all after that. No records until your return to England in August 1940. Where you show up as a trained pilot and earn distinction in the Battle of Britain."
He shrugged.
She continued.
"I’m rather interested in these missing years in America. But I suppose we'll get to that eventually."
He knew what was coming next in that file, a file that had travelled everywhere with him since he first took the King’s shilling. He looked down letting his eyes give in to the light.
She read slowly.
"Sentenced to be hanged until dead for the murder of a senior officer in a pub brawl. Not a common charge to be leveled at a pilot, "one of our best, one of the few". However, it seems you have a problem with insubordination Black."
"It… it was… I hit him that’s all, it was a fair fight. I wasn't to know he had a weak heart. He shouldn't have been serving... but the RAF was so short of pilots..."
"I don’t intend to sit in judgment on you Mr Black, by all accounts it may well have been an accident, but that’s all in the past now. The historical, moral and official… past."
She snapped the folder shut, rose and walked toward the fire.
‘Because you’re now legally dead.’ 
His eyes opened to see the flames reach up greedily for the file as it was gently handed over to the fire's clutches. He stared up at this commanding and mysterious woman in total confusion.
"You’ll soon begin to understand, but let me stress to you, you are no longer a member of the RAF and no longer... legally alive. "
She walked away from the fire, her heels tapping.
"As such, make no mistake, this small but effective army you see around the grounds is fiercely loyal and more than capable of ensuring you remain dead, officially or in actuality. 
So, you either cooperate and enjoy our hospitality... possibly even with a return to duty. Or, you die, it's your choice."
He raised his head at the figure before him, incredulous, he asked.
"Who are you?"
The woman didn’t answer the question, but walked closer to Dryden, speaking in a somber quick tone.
"As of six days ago, you are an infected carrier and survivor of one of the rarest, most deadly viruses in human history. A virus that incapacitated the infected so rapidly and so effectively that for hundreds of years the carriers have been interred whilst still alive. Survivors of the first phase of infection are critically weak and awake as addicts, if they don't feed heir addiction, they die. We refer to it as The Central European blood dependency virus, more widely known in low popular culture by the name… vampirism."
Though weak, sick and now half blind, Dryden managed a smile.
"And you must be the bride of Frankenstein."
The woman straightened and raised an eyebrow.
"The name is Madame Helene De La Roche and this is my research institute, where we are working to weaponise the virus, and it is also my home. "
With deliberate precision she picked up a small golden pen from next to the newspaper on the table. There was no need for her to look up, she knew he would be watching. 
She moved back around the table twisting the pen in her hands and the top came off to reveal that instead of an ink-stained nib, it was topped with a gleaming, surgically sharp blade. She raised her hand, the palm facing the bound man, and quickly drew the blade across the flesh. 
Blood followed the path of the blade and flowed to a point at the base of Madame Helene’s hand, it dripped onto a napkin on the table setting next to Dryden. At first he observed Madame Helene’s action without interest but then, suddenly… everything changed. 
The cloud of irresistible scent hit him like a red blast of blinding mist, filling his very being with an insatiable hunger, the red cloud surrounded and consumed him firing every synapse, sense and muscle. All he could see and think about was the blood in the middle of that all-powerful fog of ravenous craving. 
That was when he lost control.
Filled with an inhuman strength, he lunged forward. The poised attendant grabbed him quickly. The large man strained to pull a leather strap around his neck and roughly fastened and tightened it on the back of the chair. The buckle stretched and groaned as the he pulled back at the growling beast the man, Dryden Black had become, with all his might. 
Madame Helene stood back, wiping the blood from her hand. She looked him square in the eye and threw the napkin over at the struggling man. 
He ripped at the stained cloth like a ravenous animal, his red eyes directed solely at the smear of blood. Rage had consumed him and he pulled the cloth to his mouth. Madame Helene looked on unsurprised. 
Then he stopped. 
Her face changed. She was wrapping another napkin around her bleeding hand and watched the figure in the chair with growing interest.
"I take it you wouldn’t normally act like that? 
However, I do admire your sudden composure… don’t you gentlemen?"
The exhausted attendant looked up at his superior, and smiled with relief.
"Partridge?"
The Butler, who had maintained his dignity throughout the scene looked up from the patient to his mistress.
"Madame Helene?"
"Please give our guest some of the liquid."
"Of course Ma'am."
The Butler turned to a large silver samovar that sat behind the pots of tea and rack of toast on the dining room sideboard. 
He took a large glass that could easily hold a liter of liquid from a gilded silver tray and turned the tap of the samovar. In slow slops, the glass filled with a thick dark liquid. He placed it on a serving tray and brought it to Dryden. Who put the stained napkin on the proffered tray before picking up the glass.
"What is it?"
He asked Madame Helene.
"It’s a kind of a cocktail. I suggest you drink it. It will replenish your strength and you’ll be able to walk around of your own accord. But first if you would excuse me Mr Black, I have business to attend to, this war won’t win itself."
She walked from the room, followed by the muscular attendant leaving Dryden staring into the dark liquid. He turned towards the Butler, Partridge.
"You got a straw?"
The Butler eyed him suspiciously.
"Well if not, would you do me a favor and unbuckle my neck?"
The Butler reluctantly loosened the straps around Dryden's right hand and neck. As the older man leaned over to wrench the leather bond tight to release the clasp, he noticed the tiniest glint of metal in his inside pocket. It was a pistol. A small one admittedly, the kind he was used to seeing in a girl's purse or up the sleeve of a card sharp.
Partridge stood back and returned to his place behind the wheelchair.
He leaned over the drink and noticed that the odor reminded him of uncooked pork. He shrugged, reached out for the tall glass and downed the drink in three huge gulps. 
When he’d finished, color returned to his face and his body straightened, his spine cracking as he stretched long, the waking muscles bulged and stiffened throughout his body.
His eyes were a brighter black. And the dark liquid ran slowly down either side of his mouth, disappearing into the straggle of red streaked hair that drooped down either side of his chin. The drink had left its mark. He felt immediately stronger, faster and more alert, but knew he would have to keep up the pretense of weakness if he were to escape.
Dryden began to return the glass to the table. But did it with deliberate slowness. He put the base on the edge and started to take his hand away, waiting for it to tip toward the floor. Just as he'd anticipated, the Butler rushed over to save the glass from shattering.
As he did, Dryden reached into the other man's jacket pocket and with a speed that surprised him he palmed the small gun. The Butler rose, happy with his own reactions that had allowed him to rescue the vessel. He then returned it to the tray on the sideboard.
He was filled with new energy, but gently closed his yes and let his head drop loosely forward. He reasoned that with any luck the Butler would be the fastidious type who would grab any moment of respite to clear away the remnants of breakfast. After what felt like an age, he felt the other man wavering on his heels. Then, as he'd predicted, the Butler made his way around the table to clear the breakfast. Partridge was efficient and quiet, but Dryden was able to track even the tiniest movement as the Butler made his way back around the large table and through the door. There was a pause before he heard the slightest sound of a hand reaching into a pocket and a piece of rusted metal being drawn from silk. The key then sounded in the lock and clicked the door shut. Partridge returned the key and carried on down the corridor.
In a flash, he opened his eyes and loosened the strap on his chest. Free, in a very small way, he now had to work out an escape plan. He knew his legs would still be too weak to stand but attempted anyway before slumping back into the chair. In frustration, he saw that his escape would need to be made by wheelchair.
He pushed himself back and slowly turned the wheels toward the door. He surveyed the large oak paneled door and then quickly looked around for something to use on the lock. There was a cheese knife on the sideboard. He grabbed it and moved. Dryden Black, like most of the people he knew in New York had laughed out loud when watching Hollywood stars picking locks in films. He knew the simplest way around a lock like this was to simply unscrew the mechanism from the door then jimmy the whole lock out, and a cheese knife would do the job just fine.
In a few moments, he had removed the lock and set it gently on the floor. He listened at the door for anyone in the hallway and then took his chance. He eased open the door and, straining against the heavy wheels, moved himself out of the room and through the quiet building. But which way?
His senses were buzzing, he didn't know if it was adrenalin or the liquid. He paused, closed his eyes and breathed in. And there it was. His skin sensed the tiniest breeze coming past him through the house from his right. He turned the chair and pushed with all his might. He could feel the cold air stronger and stronger as his chair rattled noisily to the next door. He crashed into it sending the door flying open and raced across another hallway. There was a shout.
"Raise the alarm! Outbreak!"
He pushed on, the tiny gold gun bouncing in his lap. Then he was there, the entrance of the manor house loomed large. He was almost free.
"Halt!"
Dryden halted. But turned slowly to face the two guards. Both held standard issue revolvers, both were pointed at his chest. He smiled as he raised the small pistol from between his legs where it had been held.
"It's not as big as yours I'll admit, but it will get the job done."
The guards didn't flinch. And Dryden held his ground.
He could feel his arm weakening, his muscles burned from the race through the house, but he looked cool and calm, and he knew that was all that counted. The guards on the other hand were beginning to wane. As they retightened their grips on their weapons, Dryden noticed a flicker of the eyes as a bead of sweat rolled down the one on the right's brow. 
He'd been here before. A standoff with guns in hand was no different to one with cards in hands. Someone would fold soon, the stakes were always too high.
But the game soon changed.
From behind him, he heard the front door opening with a loud click and long, slow creak.
"Well well. It would seem that you're in better shape than you let on."
Dryden recognized the officer's voice from his room. And smelled the cordite of a well-used shotgun.
There was a loud clunk as metal springs fell in place.
He'd heard the sound before, but never quite so loud and quickly concluded what the soldier was pointing at his head.
"Is... that an elephant gun?"
"That's right. I've tracked and killed just about every beast on the Earth at some point... All except a Vampire, and I've always wondered what an elephant gun would do to one's head."
Dryden knew the game was up, he dropped the tiny gun and slowly raised his hands.
"Fetch that pistol."
Ordered Major Strang.
One of the soldiers obeyed and quickly picked up the gun from the floor handing it to his CO. Strang moved around to stand in front of Dryden, still pointing the giant rifle. Dryden could see clearly into the two huge barrels, each more than twice as wide as a normal shotgun.
The Major then stepped back and examined the small pistol. He looked at both the soldiers.
"Bring that stupid Butler here."
As one of the men raced back through the building Strang handed the heavy rifle to the other guard and stood squarely in front of his quarry.
"I want you to understand something. While Madame Helene is afforded her experiments by certain departments at Whitehall my duty is to the military and the security of this country. And my most important duty here, is to make damn sure that experiments don't get out and infect the general population!" 
His face was red with the rage he'd built up.
He composed himself and asked.
 "Do I make myself clear?"
Dryden Black sneered.
"Crystal."
A cloud passed over the Major's face.
Just then, the guard returned with the very flustered, red-faced Butler.
Strang turned on him holding the pistol.
"Is this yours?"
The Butler nodded, his head shaking with fear.
"You bloody fool. This is about as much use against him as a peashooter against a bus. Get the hell out of my sight,"
Partridge, the Butler ran terrified from the room.
Strang turned back to the prisoner, who looked up at him defiantly.
"Crystal you say? Well that might not be enough. Let me make my point again."
He moved in close to Dryden, pressed the gun against his kneecap and fired. Pain coursed through his body as he felt the bullet travel up through his thigh and bones. The Major wasted no time in moving the gun to Dryden's other knee and fired again.
His scream echoed through every inch of the building as his kneecap exploded.
That night, Dryden's body writhed and twisted in contorted unconscious agony, anger growled from deep in his throat. His dreams were vivid images of violence, lust, pain, and most clearly of all… an irresistible...sea of blood.





Chapter 3
Sidmouth – The south coast of England

The blacked-out fishing village lay in almost complete silence save for the gentle lapping of quiet November waves on the shingle shore. Small boats bobbed in the black water of the harbor, their bows turned into the tide, their mooring ropes creaking with slow mournful aches of noise. Out in the water a buoy’s bell chimed a distant knell with the lolling tide.
The village’s main street stretched down to the harbor and was almost completely dark, illuminated only by the moon, and the single searching beam of a flashlight. The torch carrier was a small middle-aged man with tight lips and a dark frown over darting eyes that followed the beam of his torch like a hunting animal. His free hand gripped a silver whistle wrapped tightly to his wrist. His thin fingers twitched, ready to use his screeching weapon.
Suddenly, he saw what he had searched for all night. A crack of light escaped from a poorly blacked-out window. He smiled, raised the whistle, licked his lips and breathed in until his lungs rattled.
The metal shriek echoed up and down the street, each wave of sound chasing earlier versions of itself up and down the alleys and around the corners like tangling cats. The sound died in the darkness and again he pulled in his breath for the bark of authority his post gave him.
"Turn that light out!"
Inside the house, a shadow complied and the warden turned, his face filled with a satisfaction he had never felt before the outbreak of war. He continued down to the seafront searching for more homes and more offenders.
Out in the harbor near the entrance to the breakwater, a small boat chugged slowly toward the open berths by the dock. Aboard the boat, amidst the silent activity of the crew of four dark men, stood a tall, strong figure. He stared in at the land ahead. The man wore a black trilby and greatcoat that covered the wide muscular build. He was blonde with pale, almost translucent skin, which, under the blue light of the moon, revealed a taught jaw-line of muscles. The grey eyes showed no emotion, only focused determination on what lay ahead. 
At the harbor, a slight man in a raincoat and cloth cap waited in the shadows of a hanging net. He glanced around nervously as the crew moored the boat. One of the sailors leapt onto the dockside and pulled the bowline tight. The blonde man stepped from the boat to land in one steady stride and continued confidently towards the waiting, smaller and older man, who despite the cold breeze, was sweating. He put out his trembling hand and spoke:
"Hello sir, welcome to England, name’s Simmons."
The greeting was met with a cold hard glare until Simmons'’ hand was slowly lowered. 
Then, in a curt German accent the taller man asked:
"Where is the vehicle?"
Breathing a sigh of relief, Simmons answered
"Oh, it’s right down here sir, I didn’t want to attract too much attention."
The German marched in the direction the little man had nodded, not looking back at the boat, which was now pulling away to the harbor entrance. The crew watched in silence as they began their return journey to France, all very relieved to be rid of the pale, silent passenger.
Simmons buzzed around the German with words.
"I must say sir, it’s an absolute honor to be able to help in this way, I really will do my utmost to ensure your mission goes well, I…"
The German stopped abruptly and Simmons went silent sensing the other man’s concentration. After a moment, a figure was visible, emerging from a dark alley. Cautiously at first and then with more confidence, the Air Raid Warden marched into the moonlight glare of the street. He stood before both men and raised himself to his full height. His eyes were finally level with the German’s dark tie and the gleaming silver tiepin, a leering skull with ruby eyes and long teeth.
"Evening gents, now I wonder if you wouldn’t mind telling me your names, where you've come from tonight and exactly what you're bloody playing at?"
The German stepped forward and spoke.
"I am Captain Matheus Kohler of the Waffen SS."
A smile broke across the German’s face and his lips drew back to show brilliant white teeth.
The warden’s face was full of shock, and as Kohler’s satisfied smile widened, shock turned to fear as he saw for the first time, Kohler’s two long sharp teeth glistening in the night. The warden’s mouth was still open when Kohler reached his right hand up to his face and grabbed it. Then in a single thrust of movement he twisted the smaller man's head high and to the side as though swatting a pest. The Warden’s head twisted in a blur and with a solid crack his neck was broken. The lifeless body crumpled to the wet cobbled ground. Without looking down, Kohler stepped over the heap and walked onwards. Simmons stared for a moment at the head, bent under the warden’s body to an obscene angle. Then, composing himself, he quickly followed in the German’s footsteps, observing obedient silence.
On the journey to London the only words the German uttered were:
"How far is our destination? I hunger."





Chapter 4
Godstone Manor

Dryden Black walked slowly, he was amazed that he could even move his legs, but having downed a flask of the liquid, felt only a numb pain. He was escorted by the Butler, Partridge, into the building’s library. In the large room, a grandfather clock ticked gently as it stood guard by a wall of dark, rural oil paintings. On the opposite wall, a high fireplace with a fresh flame flickered. And at the end of the room were a huge set of bay windows. He wiped some of the brown fluid from the side of his mouth as he shuffled through. His white dressing gown was flecked with the dark drink, hair disheveled and skin grey, he looked hellish and grimaced every time he caught a beam of light through the open sides of the dark glasses. He made his way to one of the seats in the shadows, slumped into a chair and closed his eyes. After a moment Dr Herzog bustled through the door.
"Good morning Mr Black, you look much better already."
"Thanks, despite the fact your soldier buddy kneecapped me yesterday."
Dr Herzog turned to Partridge.
"Could we have the room please Partridge?"
"Of course Doctor."
The Butler left the library and closed the tall paneled door, which like the rest of the doors in the house, now featured a new, more secure lock, behind him.
Herzog pulled a chair up opposite Dryden who leaned back slowly into the darkness.
"Mr Black, I am your physician Dr Ludwig Herzog"
"Are you going to tell me what’s wrong with me?"
Herzog blustered confused.
"I was informed you already knew."
"You’re not as mad as the old lady are you?"
He smiled sympathetically.
"Yes, I can certainly understand your reaction, Madame Helene tends to be quite blunt."
He sighed and leaned forward.
"You see, you have a virus.’"
Dryden looked up, raising his eyebrows urging him to continue.
"It’s what saved you from the gallows, I injected you with it, and in effect it slowed your heart to such a degree that when you fell through the floor you were very technically and therefore legally dead. The serum is of such strength that it either slows the heart rate rapidly to fewer than two beats per minute or halts it completely a reaction resulting in immediate death. 
Once we were given guardianship of your body, we brought you back here for monitoring and found, to our sincerest pleasure that you were one of a small percentage of infected subjects… who survives."
"Am I part of some kind of experiment?"
"It’s a strange concept isn’t it?"
The little man smiled for a moment but then spoke on, more seriously.
"Strange, but unfortunately something that has been forced upon us by this war. You see, when the German army took Poland, the most ruthless and obsessive of Hitler’s soldiers were assigned to the northern Carpathian Mountains."
Herzog stood and continued talking as he looked out the half closed curtain. "They were known as the Occulten Korps. Their remit was simple: to secure antiquity and knowledge that would power the Reich across Europe. 
One of the greatest prizes they sought was the ancient disease that had once ravaged Europe's eastern mountains, a disease that would make their soldiers more powerful than any men alive, that could create for Hitler, a terrifying army of unstoppable and unholy creatures.
They found it in the corpses of two fallen knights at the ruins of a castle near Entreschau, the Vampyr had been walled up in a room, chained together for eternity. And in their dried out cadavers, we found traces of the disease.
Dryden was finding it harder and harder to disbelieve the ridiculous explanation. He thought back to the desire he'd felt for the bloodied napkin, the almost superhuman increase in his perception, his weakened state that was alleviated only by the dark liquid.
Herzog carried on oblivious to Dryden's racing thoughts.
"At the time, I was based at the university of Hanover, I was partnered with Dr Emil, a genius virologist respected throughout the world. We were studying the virus to assess its potency and the dangers it might pose."
Herzog’s mind seemed to drift.
"And?"
A biological weapons scientist named Machlis was also given the viral trace for further study in Germany. 
When my friend Dr Emil realized the danger the virus posed, he dispatched me immediately to England with the remaining samples.’
"Why?"
"We discovered that Machlis was trying to perfect the serum by infecting prisoners, civilian prisoners in a camp near the town of Dachau. His methods were brutal, sadistic even. He infected hundreds of subjects, to discover the true nature of the virus. Death in over 99%, but the survivors, when they emerged from near death, awoke metaphysically changed, and with an insatiable desire for blood, they were monsters... Vampyr. 
Machlis was working under direct orders from the Fuhrer to perfect the virus for frontline use, both as a viral weapon and as an enhancement.  The dangers to the wider world were unimaginable. It might mutate, it could spread and worst of all, it could push Hitler’s own warped beliefs further across Europe and the world."
He sighed and paused, then straightened to continue.
"Dr Emil was taken by the Gestapo less than a week after I fled Germany… his wife and children were thrown into a pit of the creatures Machlis had created. They made him watch his family ripped limb from limb, then was thrown in himself. They taunted the British with the facts, aware that the real secrets of the virus lay not in our hands, but Machlis'"
Dryden took in the horror of the tale and imagined himself with that same uncontrollable hunger, the creatures must have felt to kill children, it was a hunger he'd already been introduced to.
"This virus of yours either kills you or makes you feel like shit, what’s so special about it?"
"Oh, Mr Black, we’re only supplying you with a very weak solution consisting of the most basic nutrients and iron. Real blood, even some types of animal blood, let alone human… would have a profound effect on your constitution."
He listened intently.
"This is why your behavior at breakfast yesterday is perfectly understandable."
He returned a resigned statement of fact.
"You know about that then."
"Of course, but we were very impressed by your restraint.  Not only did you survive the transitional phase, but you’ve already displayed the exact level of qualities this service requires."
"Requires?"
"Mr Black, this is an ancient and powerful virus, so powerful it made monsters of people, it made families bury their sick whilst still alive, made them put stakes through the heart and behead their loved one. Because if they awoke anywhere near the scent of blood they were ravenous monsters. And! there are side effects, we haven’t even begun to explore. I… "
He cut himself off.
"But I think, this will all be a little too much to explain.  Suffice to say, you now have the opportunity to help your country in a way you could never before have imagined."
"Dr Herzog, I didn't come back to England to fight for a king and country. I don't owe this place anything, it meant nothing to me before the war and it means even less since its courts hanged me."
Herzog looked down at his hands...
"No."
Dryden smiled and the small man looked up at the dark gleaming eyes.
"I came back here to chew gum and kill Nazis."
Using all his strength, Dryden Black stood to his full height. He put out a hand and Herzog stood, his own hand reaching out to shake.
Dryden grabbed it and shook.
"And, I'm all out of gum."





Chapter 5
Whitehall – London

The streets around the government buildings at Whitehall were the most fortified in Britain. From Embankment Pier up to Piccadilly, west to Covent Garden and then back to the south side of Westminster bridge, checkpoints loaded with armed guards kept the last remaining democratic government in Europe safe and operational.
It was just after five in the evening and all along the darkening length of Whitehall a mass of uniforms of every description could be seen walking with purpose. Newly commissioned soldiers passed Wrens and secretaries from the War Office. Naval or RAF servicemen marched in and out of heavily guarded buildings. Generals' cars were lined up outside the imposing buildings, their facades barricaded with sandbags and wooden troughs built around them to hold the bags in position. All faces in the crowd were either deep in thought or determined with purpose but one figure stood out in both stature and expression. 
Kohler, shrouded in his black coat, with collar up and wearing a hat and dark lensed glasses, strode through the crowd, unconcerned by the uniforms and security surrounding him. He came to the War Office building and marched unflinching up the stairs to the wide checkpoint covering the main entrance. He approached a wooden desk under a corrugated iron covering marked visitor enquiries and one of the three-seated guards looked up from a jumble of papers.
"Yes sir?"
Kohler replied in his clear German accent.
"My name is Kishler, I am here to meet Marianne Charbonnier."
The guard was shocked by the accent and a few of the other sentries looked curiously over at the muscular blonde man towering over their emaciated rag-tag. The first guard shuffled some sheets aimlessly as he collected his thoughts and confidence. He then looked up at Kohler.
"Papers please?"
Kohler pulled a neat pack of documents from his coat pocket with cold, steady and calm confidence, he handed them to the seated soldier who unwrapped the pack. 
With a gasp he smiled and exclaimed.
"Oh lord!  You’re Swiss, ha ha. I thought for a minute..."
The other guards smiled at their friend’s relief and Kohler broke in.
"I’m a German agent?"
The Guard’s smile faded and the group was once more silenced, Kohler grinned, his lips tight. He gave an understanding nod.
"It happens."
The men laughed as the guard folded Kohler’s expertly forged papers and handed them back.
"I do apologize sir.  If you’ll just give me a moment I’ll have Miss Charbonnier called down for you."
He rose and approached a desk through the main doors of the building. The guard leaned over to the elderly woman on the reception and after a few words she picked up her black telephone. Kohler turned to look out on the street. The guard returned and walked round to face Kohler.
"She’ll be with you presently sir."
Kohler replied without looking down at the guard.
"Thank you."
"Would you like to wait inside Sir?"
"I’m quite alright here thank you."
"Whatever you say sir."
The soldier hesitated a moment longer.
"There’s just one more thing sir, if you don’t mind?"
Kohler remained silent and the soldier took this as his signal to continue.
"I was just wondering… if you don’t mind sir. What’s with the spectacles?"
"My eyes are somewhat sensitive to sunlight, now if you’ll excuse me."
Kohler walked down the steps to the street where he stood as still as cold death. There was a dull hum and clatter of traffic in the street, leather soled shoes clipping and scraping along the pavement and the buzz of whispered conversations all around him. But Kohler was well trained, he focused, he found the voices far behind him at the top of the steps and listened to the hushed words of the soldiers.
"Big fella said he was sensitive to sunlight."
"Like flippin’ Dracula or something."
The guards laughed together and Kohler allowed a smile to creep across his face. The laughter stopped and Kohler followed the tip-tap of high heels leaving the building behind him.
The woman in heels came to a halt and one of the guards spoke to her at the top of the stairs.
"Miss Charbonnier, gentleman over there to see you."
Kohler turned to look at the woman, she was slim with curled hair and a neat figure not at all disguised by the tightly tailored skirt and jacket she wore. She was taller than some of the guards who stood around now transfixed by the foreign beauty with cool blue eyes and chestnut hair.
"Yes thank you Sergeant, it is my cousin from Zurich."
She looked down at Kohler who gave a curt nod and after a moment she smiled skipping down the stairs to him, her dark coat folded over one arm. Kohler opened his arms to embrace her and she fell into them, her face still holding a strained grin. Kohler whispered in her ear in German
"Operations have been advanced."
The young woman broke away and tilted her head as though taking a different angle on someone she hadn't seen for years. She ignored the whisper and cried out in English for the benefit of their shared audience.
"Wonderful to see you!  Come, we’ll catch this bus and have a coffee."
She pulled him onto the nearest passing double-decker as it clattered north towards Trafalgar Square.
Later that evening as the blacked out pubs welcomed their last drinkers for the night, Kohler walked with Marianne up Liverpool road towards her London lodgings. She looked around to take in the measure of the few figures who marched quietly against the cold night air, then spoke to him.
"We should talk now, I think they are watching my apartment. What is it you need from me?"
He replied.
"I am here for Herzog."
"I’ve already told you, he is under secure protection, top level. I can’t find him."
"Then who is his controller?"
"Again I am unsure, there have been only a few dispatches that have made any mention of Herzog and when they have, it is usually in connection with a drinks bill or restaurant booking."
"Do they ever mention anyone else."
"They have noted Madame Helene De La Roche. And once a communiqué referred to the Minister for War meeting with the two at a private dining club."
Kohler thought for a moment.
"Who is De La Roche?"
"Again, she is hardly ever mentioned in main dispatches relating to the SOE, but I did some research and it seems that before the war she took over her late husband's research facilities. Neither of them had any military background and very few tangible contacts with government."
"Where is she based?"
"Somewhere in East Surrey."
She broke off into panic and turned to speak directly to Kohler.
"I cannot afford to get much more information about this, my cover is already straining and now you arrive like this, unannounced."
She was agitated and continued walking.
"What about DeGaulle, he’s easy to get to, the British think of him as no more than a pest and a coward. He spends most of his days in the cafés of Marylebone drinking and smoking with the other French, you could easily find and kill him."
Kohler halted, she quietened and returned to where he had stayed. He pulled her roughly towards him and hissed in her ear.
"I’m not interested in your cover or any other targets. Herzog is my priority. I want Herzog. And you will find him, or the British torture squad in Baker Street will be the least of your worries."
He grabbed her hair and tugged her head back to expose her throat.
She grimaced with pain as she strained against his fierce grip.
"Alright I think there may be one more thing. The Minister has a favored dining club, he visits it on the first Tuesday of every month, there’s always a lot of security and it’s not with anyone from the cabinet, that could be the liaison you seek."
He let go of her and she sank to her knees in exhausted pain.
"Good girl."
She sobbed quietly and rubbed her neck where it had been stretched against his cold grip.
Kohler looked down at her.
"Where are your rooms? I have needs to satisfy."
Resigned to her duty, the girl stood and led Kohler along the street.





Chapter 6
Godstone  Manor – Night

A howling wind screamed outside the old building's rain lashed windows. All around it, black trees whipped at each other, fighting for space beneath the violent night sky. In a large room on the third floor, behind the rattling panes of glass, in the middle of an ornately carved oak bed, Dryden Black struggled in a half-sleep, his body restless in the mess of tousled sheets writhing and flinching against demons in his dreams. 
Suddenly there was a blast of cold air as the windows flew open and curtains billowed into the room with the loud gale. His eyes opened and in a quick movement he sat upright and looked around at the door, a flash of white material flew out of sight as the door slammed shut. In the blink of an eye he pounced like a panther across the room to land silently, crouched five meters from the bed, in front of the door. His nose twitched.
"Perfume?"
He reached up and turned the handle, but the door was locked from the outside. The wind kept howling through the room and he turned, his eyes burning as he saw moonlight glowing viciously through the now open window. He grinned and stood. His body was now straight as he walked slowly forward. He could feel his every sinew tighten like leather and muscle harden like iron as he moved. He leaned out of the window and was immediately covered by the torrential downpour, there was no artificial light outside, but his eyes focused using the moonlight to see deep into the thrashing trees. 
No soldiers, the weather had driven them into their barracks. 
He stepped out onto the sill, it was wet and slippery. He stood with both hands holding onto the inside of the window and looked at the ledge stretching around the building and then down to the gravel path separating the expanse of dark lawn from the red brick of the building. The ivy was weak this high up the house, but Dryden turned to position himself for the climb down. There was a click, he saw a shadow beneath the door of his room and then another click as a key turned. He didn't think. instinct took over and he leapt, back-flipping away from the window, to land twenty feet below on the soaked lawn without his knees even trembling from the impact. 
He kept his eyes on the light from his window as the door opened, then looked down at the lawn and saw that his landing had planted his feet at least four inches into the ground without a sign of strain on his body. He pulled his feet from the deep footprints and was still, letting his senses take in every scent, the wet wood, the churned mud, the deep mix of the undergrowth, and then, the smell of wet gun metal, sweat, tobacco and damp waxed coats, there were men nearby. They'd been hidden in wait for a while, hidden in wait for him.
He heard a whisper
"Here he comes, shoot to injure, not kill."
Further away, carried by the cold night air, he heard a cage scraping open and dogs being released. He bolted with the speed of a charging stag toward the trees across the lawn as flashes of silenced gunshots began spitting out at him from the darkest shadows. 
The lawn erupted as noiseless bullets ripped through the wet ground around his feet and he felt himself leaping for the shadows of the woods in a matter of seconds.
Inside the house, from a darkened room, three figures observed the unfolding battle. Madame Helene smiled as she watched the men advance across the grass to where Dryden had taken cover.
"I think this one might be made of the right stuff."





Chapter 7
Marianne Charbonnier's apartment, North London

Kohler lay alert and awake beside the naked form of the sleeping French agent. He smoked a Capstan and watched the smoke curl languidly through the air. His coat was on a chair beside the bed, a hand resting behind his head. His tongue felt at the sharpness of one of his teeth and he looked over at the girl's bare back. 
Kohler glanced at his watch, it was past midnight and he was hungry, but there was still half a cigarette to enjoy, he returned to the contemplation of the swirling tendrils of smoke. Down two flights of stairs a door closed and halted the wind’s distant howl.  Kohler immediately allowed his senses to tune in to the sound, he heard more movement and concentrated his hearing sufficiently to make out the careful steps of three men climbing the wooden stairs and edging down the corridor towards Marianne’s room. Then he heard the slow creak of metal on leather, pistols being drawn from their holsters.
Finally, he saw the shadows of two shoes under the door. Kohler slowly reached over to his suit jacket on the chair by the bed and took three fine blades from a set of sheathed knives inside the jacket’s red silk lining. In the hall, one of the voices whispered. It was a sound that was clearly audible to Kohler.
"On three lads...one... two.. th.."
The German sat up, and in one almost imperceptible single movement threw the shining blades.  
One of the knives cracked easily through the plaster of the wall by the door, at head height, another through the door itself at the same height and the final to the right of the door through the thick wooden frame. All three blades disappeared completely through the wall, their thin hilts following the razor sharp point and angles of the weighted blades. Within a heartbeat of the sounds of the knives reaching their targets, came the dull thuds of three bodies slumping lifeless to the floor. Kohler smiled as he rose from the bed, satisfied. The girl roused with the movement and lifted her head drowsily from the pillow.
"What was that?"
He stood from the bed and walked confidently over to the door. He opened it to reveal the bodies of three suited men with the gleaming blades lodged firmly in their temples, their brains skewered, lives swiftly ended. Pools of dark blood spread like twisted halos around their heads on the wood of the hallway floor.
She sat up, without a thought for her nudity and jumped away from the bed, away from the door.
"Oh my god!  They came to get me.  You’ve got to get me back to France Kohler!"
He spoke softly as he moved in a graceful glide back to the bed.
"Quiet now.  Quiet.  You’ll just get excited."
"But there will be more, you must get me out of here."
Kohler pulled her back to the bed and sat down beside her. He placed an arm around the young woman, pulling her close.
"Calm down.  Calm yourself.  Calm..."
He moved her hair from her neck to reveal her throat.  She was crying, he hushed her. She succumbed to his powerful physique and the sense of protection.
"You see, if you get excited your heart beats too fast... and you’ll bleed to death very quickly."
Her sobbing ceased and she looked up.
"What?"
Kohler gripped her face tightly to prevent her screams.
His eyes were black, his pupils dilated completely, taking in every goose bump, bead of sweat and palpitation of his intended victim.
He smiled, showing his teeth.
"And I can’t stand a cold meal."

High above the quiet Islington street, the windows to the rooms that had nine months previously been rented by one of the recent influx of European refugees, burst open with an explosion of flame from a sabotaged gas pipe. The men at the cars below looked up just as Kohler came charging through the building's entrance hall. The front doors flew off their hinges with the force of his blood-fuelled rage. His coat billowed in the wind as he stormed powerfully down the steps. Blood spray stained his face and hands and his neck muscles bulged, monstrously engorged and charged with power.
Three more men dressed in suits similar to the dead men upstairs waited outside and saw hell descend on them. One of the men rushed forward to tackle Kohler.  The German grabbed his arm and in a swift jerk, snapped it at the elbow.
He brought a knife around in a wide arc with his left hand and slid it into the man’s throat who dropped silently, the knife fully embedded before the pain had even registered. 
The second, a middle-aged slightly overweight man stared blankly as Kohler walked past him, but there was a loud crunch as the German moved past. The older man  looked down at his chest, there was now a gaping black hole where his heart had been.  He crumpled, in equal sudden silence.
Kohler stood tall in front of the third man, lifted the still beating heart to his face, took a long slow sniff of the flesh and sneered.
"Past its best."
He tossed the heart over his shoulder at the two corpses and large pool of blood.  The third man gasped and drew a gun from his jacket. Kohler swiped it aside, ripping off the man’s forefinger with the force. The gun was still spinning across the street as the third man grasped his bleeding hand and looked up stunned. Kohler grabbed him by the shirt and belt, lifted him easily above his head and slammed him hard onto the sharp railings surrounding the building.  Without further thought, Kohler stepped into the secret servicemen's car and drove into the night, leaving the scene of fire and carnage far behind him.
He had left the building, and driven the car away in under fifteen seconds.





Chapter 8
Godstone Manor

Once again, Dryden Black made the wheelchair journey through the great house from his room to the dining hall. And, as before, his guards showed fearful caution. Perhaps more now, having heard the fate of the temporary cover Madame Helene had posted in the woods around the house. A rag tag of mercenaries and murderers offered one chance of pardon before facing the rope... To fight the something they'd only ever heard bedtime stories about.
He wore a blue dressing gown and clutched a new pair of black spectacles to his eyes. This new pair had been fitted with black leather blinkers around the sides and protected his sight from the rays of light swooping through the hallway as they progressed to the dining room. Once inside, he was left in his now familiar place at the head of the table. Further down, a place was set with a cup of tea and a brown, card folder, he scented both before he saw them.
He looked around the empty room and his attention settled on the samovar on the sideboard.
With a strong push he wheeled himself away from the table towards the container. He was only a few feet away from the brown liquid and his thirst ate at him like a gnawing dog in his belly. Dryden moved his hands to the wheels of the chair to turn himself but just as they squeaked a quarter way around their first turn, the door burst open and blew in Madame Helene.
"Morning Mr Black! And how are we feeling today?"
He answered.
"Worse than ever, now give me some of that juice!"
Madame Helene moved over to the samovar.
"What? This stuff?"
Dryden nodded, frustrated by her games. Madame Helene half mumbled a question.
"Did you sleep well?"
He opened his mouth to answer that he'd had another fitful night, but then noticed his feet. They were covered in mud. He pulled his dressing gown open a little and saw that his legs too were filthy, up to the knees. He looked at his hands. They were black, but with red tinges of color. He breathed in and tasted copper... There was no rush of excitement from the smell of this blood, it was dried and dead. But why was he covered in it?
"Blood... What?"
Madame Helene turned around and in the tone of a chiding headmistress asked.
"Don't you remember anything about last night?"
Fragments of memory came to him in a rapid blur of images. The forest, torches flashing, bullets, screams and his hands, covered in blood.
"What have I done? Who were those men?"
Madame Helene pulled out a seat near Dryden and sat down, slowly. She sipped the tea and then set it back down again.
"They were men like you. Condemned prisoners, waiting to face the gallows and  given one last chance. But unlike you, they were morally beyond salvation. Rapists, killers, thieves, arsonists... the dregs that a society at war can do without."
She leaned back in her chair, opened the file and removed a bound sheet of paper. She opened the typed pages out and showed Dryden a list of names. There was about twenty of them and beside each a summary of crimes
"We offered them a respite from the rope if they could succeed in stopping you in the woods, or more effectively… survive you."
Dryden looked again at his hands. Coated in dried blood.
"And did they?"
Madame Helene looked confused.
"You really don't remember anything?"
"Nothing."
She stared at her guest for a few seconds, then rose, moving to the door, she opened it and nodded out to the Butler who turned on his heel down the hallway.
"Mr Black, you were hunted by twenty hardened killers."
She read from the folder.
"You hospitalized nine of them while the others fled for their lives. And yet you remember none of it.... I can only assume it was some kind of rage that consumed and drove you. A battle fever perhaps."
"They lived? But there's so much blood."
He was still staring at his dark hands.
"Yes, you mainly flailed around punching, kicking and pushing them. We’ll have to train you in more efficient hand to hand combat."
She read from another sheet in the folder.
"You apparently... And here's an official summary. 'fight like a drunk outside a pub.' However, we'll teach you the William Fairbairn techniques we train the specialist services in, it's much more effective, fewer blows, twelve in fact, but each with the intention to kill, not injure."
He dropped his hands and looked up at the woman in black, now mildly annoyed by the judgment made to his admittedly, unsophisticated skills as a fighter.
"The blood Mr Black, is your own. And yes, there was rather a lot of it."
He opened his gown and looked under his shirt to see a thick layer of dark, encrusted blood.
"Tell them to stop shooting me!"
She laughed.
"We had to subdue you somehow! To bring you back to your room, so we used a spotlight ambush. We’ve discovered that not only does bright light cause incredible pain to the infected, but it can also render them virtually immobile with shock. Our good friend, Major Strang then took the necessary measures to restrain you."
"Which were?"
"Oh, he pumped two rounds of shot into your chest and gut, it's just enough to knock you out without causing lasting damage."
Madame Helene, pointed a red manicured nail at his chest.
"There and there. Hence the blood."
Dryden opened his shirt fully and could see several deep moist holes scattered around his chest. He put a finger into one and felt shards of bone amongst the  thick, sticky morass, the pain was dull and removed as though the flesh were dead.
"He's quite the expert in shooting people isn't he?"
"You should be as fit as a fiddle by luncheon. We’ve just the pick-me-up you need."
As though on cue, a young woman in a black shirt, skirt and boots entered the room. She was carrying a silver tray on the center of which rested a glass jar of swirling blood.
Dryden Black was struck by her uniqueness. She had long red hair that fell past her shoulders in a straight shimmering river. Her eyes were a bright emerald green and simply lined in black. Her lips had a touch of the same shade of red applied as Madame Helene, but her skin seemed so pale the red looked ...
"Like blood"
Dryden heard himself whisper.
Madame Helene misheard his tone and answered.
"It certainly is Blood Mr Black, now, allow me to introduce my daughter Nicole."
The young woman moved forward with ghostly grace, her eyes glimmered and she smiled politely.
"I’m very pleased to meet you Mr Black. And even more pleased to meet someone with a similar interest to my own in hematology."
She held the tray in front of him and swiftly pulled the glass lid from the jar.
"It’s pig’s blood… I'm sure you’ll love it."
Her red lips widened to show her teeth and Dryden saw her sharp, extended incisors.
"I know I certainly do."





Chapter 9

Dryden Black crouched in the woods, his head tilted.  Nicole stood behind him watching.  They were both wearing their dark glasses with leather blinkers and the black fatigues, boots and gloves they'd worn all that day to explore the manor grounds and his new skills. He had trimmed his beard, but kept the red stripes running down from his mouth.
Nicole's red hair was tied back and her pale skin was starkly white against her green tinged glasses. 
He closed his eyes and breathed in. Steeling himself for the test Nicole had set him. 
As he opened his eyes he could clearly detect a scent and somehow visualize a white, misty trail weaving through the undergrowth. He stood and followed the trail through the woods, the gentle breeze causing it to undulate and drift in places.
The past few days had been intense, once his diet had been changed to include animal blood, Dryden had taken quickly to his new powers; heightened senses, immensely increased speed, stealth and strength and a submerged aggression that he knew could be unleashed into vengeful fury at any time. 
They followed the trail further until it ended in a ground-level mist of the scent at a small rabbit hole. A rabbit popped its head out to sniff at the air. Nicole smiled and patted Dryden on the shoulder.
"Now you need never go hungry in the wild."
"Lucky I’m not a vegetarian I suppose."
She turned and began back toward the house, before answering in her clipped tone;
"No that wouldn’t work at all Dryden. But this condition doesn’t mean you can only drink blood."
He jogged up beside her and matched her fast walking pace.
"How do you mean?"
She stopped and fixed him with a look of mild confusion. She then gently raised her shaded glasses. Squinting at him, she asked.
"You didn’t think you were stuck on a blood diet did you?"
"Well…"
He shuffled his feet before straightening.
"I read the book like you asked. There was no mention of Dracula enjoying a hotdog and a pretzel."
Nicole smiled, her red lips parting to show the brilliant white teeth.
"I’m sorry. We’ve been so busy with the training these past few days I didn’t really take the time to explain the biology of our condition. Shall we walk and talk?"
"A pleasure."
He gestured her forward as though taking part in a polite country stroll with a young lady.
"Well, as Dr Herzog explains it, we have quite a unique physiology. During the Nazi experiments less than a single percent of the test subjects survived the incubation period. And our own experiments on condemned men have certainly backed up those figures, survival rates are almost zero."
He was shocked.
"Then why…"
"Did my own Mother test it on me?"
He nodded.
"She didn’t. I did. I have a Doctorate in biology, I’ve been working on the project from the beginning, and I believed it might act as a cure to some of the more terminal blood disorders. Like my own."
"I don’t follow."
"Oh it’s quite simple Dryden, I was on my deathbed when I injected myself with the serum. It was my last and only hope and it appears that the virus saved me. Others who volunteered to be infected weren’t so lucky."
"I didn’t feel lucky."
"No of course not, I remember the change all too well myself. It’s an agonizing internal mutation. The heart expands to almost five times its original size. The blood thickens, almost congealing, allowing you to heal more quickly and resist vast amounts of trauma. It also strengthens the muscles and bones and a permanent supply of adrenalin increases strength and awareness. We haven’t found a proper scientific explanation for the teeth yet, they do tend to grow somewhat, but it's nothing a good dentist can't fix with a few hours of filing down.  The need for blood is pretty obvious, as once your own coagulates it needs to be replaced, or topped up, as it were."
"And the senses?"
"Well as you’ve seen. All heightened. That’s where the garlic thing comes from. It really does sting if you get a nose full. Same goes for mustard and onions. The book never mentioned that though."
"And what about steaks and crosses?"
"Crosses, mirrors, turning into bats, it's all nonsense. You're infected with a super virus, not supernatural."
They stepped out of he woods onto the lawn and Nicole continued.
It's just a part of human nature to create myth around diseases we don't understand. People used to think the bubonic plague was carried in smells, and blacksmiths could drive out the evil spirits of the mentally ill by hitting them with a hammer. 
The burning of vampire victims was probably a very sensible reaction to seeing your loved ones rise from their deathbed. As for steak, well I love a good steak. Let’s have some tonight. Mother's meeting some contacts for dinner, we ought to see if we can tag along."
He stopped in his tracks.
"You mean to tell me that all this time I could have been eating normally?"
She cocked her head and smiled at him.
"We were wondering when you’d catch on to that."
"You didn’t!"
"Think of it as part of your training, you needed to lose a few pounds anyway."
Dryden thought back to the number of breakfasts, lunches and dinners he’d sat through watching Madame Helene and Dr Herzog devouring rationed foods the quality of which he hadn’t seen in months all served up on gilded platters while he drank blood through a straw.
Nicole measured his reaction and laughed with the satisfaction of a perfectly executed joke.





Chapter 10
London

Kohler stood in front of a mirror in the hallway of a dimly lit house. He was wearing freshly pressed dark blue Royal Navy uniform and black gloves. He studied himself while the low rumblings of Wagner rose from the other room. He made a last final alteration to the line of his tie and smiled to himself.
He was ready to complete his mission.
He tightened his hand into a fist and punched through the mirror and into the wall. Shattering glass and plaster like a sledgehammer. His strength was at its peak.
The German turned to leave the house by the main door at the end of the hallway. As he exited, he stepped over the torn remains of the family who had lived there and the returning father they'd only been able to welcome home for a brief moment before the vampire made its own brutal entrance.





Chapter 11
Godstone Manor

Dryden Black, Nicole and Madame Helene De La Roche and the diminutive Doctor sat across from each other in the wide, leather seating of the largest Daimler. He wore a black suit they'd ordered in for him, and for the first time in months he felt like his old self. Herzog was, as ever in his brown tweed suit while Madame Helene and her daughter both wore simple black evening dresses, accented by white pearls for Madame Helene and black for Nicole. Dryden noted that the younger woman's hair shimmered brightly in the low moonlight and her green eyes seemed to glow. He found it more and more difficult to keep his off this beautiful, pale English rose of a vampire.
They were travelling in a convoy of three similar vehicles, their own being the most heavily armored of the cars, marked the middle of the party.
The front and rear vehicles carried guards from the Manor, but dressed in dark civilian suits and wearing black fedoras so they could easily recognize each other in a crowd of civilians. The cars had worked their way up to London on a complicated route relayed between the cars in coded radio messages and in this added travelling time Madame Helene and Dr. Herzog had shared half a bottle of brandy as a pre-dinner aperitif.
Finally the cars made their way across Westminster Bridge and along Whitehall to the War Office building. Outside the tall grey block, a group of soldiers kept vigil. They were wrapped in heavy trench coats to fend off the cold of midwinter and hid the fading embers of their sneaked cigarettes behind their backs as the cars pulled up alongside them. 
Madame Helene pulled her heavy window open on a latch and leaned out to show the men her face. One of the guards dropped his cigarette and stepped forward.
"Good evening Madame Helene. The Minister has asked us to pass on the following."
The man paused before delivering a prearranged coded message in a fully annunciated delivery.
"Study is red, time for bed."
"I see. Thank you Sergeant."
Madame Helene sat back in the car, concerned
"What?"
Asked Nicole.
"Is it something serious?"
Madame Helene took her daughter's hand.
"I'm sorry my dear, A Study in Scarlet, the Holmes book but with an added code red, so it must be serious, it's dinner at the Baker Street Regulars'"
Dryden was growing anxious, this had to mean something serious.
But then Nicole perked up.
"It's alright, I can go to L'Esprit with Mr Black."
'Splendid.'
Dryden broke in slowly.
"I, really... don't follow."
Nicole smiled.
"It would appear we're going to have to miss the meeting as they've arranged to meet on secured premises and while I might be allowed some temporary security clearance, you're legally dead Dryden and have no clearance. So you need to accompany me to a little French restaurant in Bloomsbury. Shame isn't it?"
He smiled.
"Terrible."





Chapter 12

L'Espirit was as promised, small, French and a very basic restaurant run by a group of Free French, who had daubed the outside of the building with slogans of resistance and the  flags of every allied nation. As Dryden and Nicole got out of the car Madame Helene leaned over to the window.
"We'll pick you up at eleven. Behave yourselves."
Before they could respond, she'd ducked back inside the car and the convoy was roaring west.
Inside L'Espirit, the restaurant was only half full, but there was a pleasant lull through the room as lovers murmured to each other across the tables each lit only by a single red candle. 
A tall Frenchman came to them from the rear of the room and managed to produce a smile as he led them without speaking to a table in the corner. As they sat, he opened the menus and handed them to his two newest customers. Dryden opened his leather bound menu and saw two white pieces of paper neatly glued on the inside. But not a word on either. He noticed that Nicole hadn't even bothered opening her menu. She ordered.
"I'd like the steak tartare please, but no seasoning."
"Mais oui Mademoiselle."
"Or egg."
"Yes Mademoiselle."
"And there's no need to chop it too finely."
The waiter raised an eyebrow.
"You would perhaps like instead a steak bleu mademoiselle?"
Nicole grinned as she handed him the menu.
"What a splendid suggestion. Yes please."
He took the unopened menu from her and turned to Dryden.
"And for you sir?"
He held his pages open for them both to see.
"I have a blank menu."
Nicole smiled.
"No Dryden, your menu is full. You can have anything here, but if these gentlemen were caught with any of the black market foods that would actually be listed on the menu, they'd be closed down. So the less there is on the menu the better the choice."
She smiled.
He handed back the menu.
"I'll have two steaks, well done and with a side of fries. Thanks buddy."
Nicole interrupted before the waiter noted the menu.
"Trust me Dryden, go for a rare steak, you won't like it well done."
He nodded.
"A bit too dead huh?"
The Frenchman looked confused as he took the menu, but nodded and retreated to the kitchen with the order.
Nicole leaned over conspiratorially.
"Just watch the wine, it thins the blood and could make you somewhat... Giddy."
"Well… in that case, what year should we order?"
"It also dulls your new senses just as it would your old ones."
He raised his empty glass.
"Nothing wrong with a little less of the world to take in is there?"

By the time the main course arrived Dryden had finished a bottle of Merlot and his head was spinning.
"You weren't joking about it going to your head were you? This is amazing."
"Well I'd go easy, we haven't really done extensive studies into how long the effects last."
"Really? Why-ever not?"
She leaned forward with her glass to her lips, sipped and whispered.
"I'm the only test subject and I'm not a big drinker."
He smiled slyly and took another gulp. Before grabbing back at his cutlery to carve a piece of meat.
"Then I'll be the willing guinea pig for this research."
Nicole replaced her glass and leaned back in her chair.
He took another large gulp.
"This is great… is it just wine that gets us this drunk?"
She smiled and shook her head.
"No…  most intoxicants should be enhanced."
He set down his knife and fork.
"In that case. I’ve just got to have a smoke."
Dryden motioned over to the waiter for a cigarette and was given a French brand and light while Nicole stabbed the last of her steak onto her fork and placed it between her bright red lips. She dabbed briefly at the corners of her mouth with her napkin, then set it aside.
"Dryden. I’ve been over your file. And there are a few missing years in the United States. Tell me. What were you doing over there for fourteen years?"
He inhaled a short sharp breath of smoke.
"Jesus! That's harsh!"
He quickly stubbed the cigarette out. 
"Looks like I might have to learn to smoke all over again."
Her emerald eyes stared into him and without looking up, he knew she was still waiting for her answer. He sat up straight and pushed the wine glass away.
"So the tests and interrogations aren't over?"
She shook her head slowly.
"Sorry. We can't declare you for active duty until those years are accounted for. It's the last thing though... I promise."
He shrugged.
"Well, rather you than Strang. I think he enjoys filling me with bullet holes."
She was pleased.
"Thank you. I told them I could get you to talk."
"Your choice of wine can be very persuasive. Alright then. What do you want to know, I suppose for all you know I could have been in Germany."
"Oh, I think we can safely discount that. They probably would have trained you a little better."
He raised his eyebrows. But admired the gentle jest.
Nicole reached down to her bag and pulled out a small notepad.
"1927 recorded on a ship to America. And then 1940 fights in the battle of Britain registering twelve enemy kills in the first two weeks of active service, topping it off with a drunken brawl in the officers' mess that turns into a murder charge. Killing a superior officer. Unlucky thirteen?"
"That's not exactly true."
His face was flushed. He had been riled by something Nicole had read out from the notes.
"I wasn't drunk. But as you've read the case notes you'll know what the argument was about."
She nodded.
"The other guy was drunk, I'd just come in from eight hours of flying through hell. And he started mouthing off that Hitler was right about white nations like Germany and Britain, that Churchill would be better teaming up with him than fighting. So, I hit him, he fell. Unfortunately, he had a weak heart and he didn't get up again."
Her eyes stayed fixed on him. So he continued.
"I left Scotland with my father when I was twelve. He wanted to find his fortune in America. He found the depression, found a bunch of new ways to lose his money and eventually found a way to get himself killed."





Chapter 13
New York

The top floor suite of the Martello Hotel was dark, despite it being the middle of the afternoon. Windows were open to let the heat of the New York summer escape, but black drapes had been hung over them to keep it dark and the mood for cards right. 
Around the large oak table topped with green baize, there were only three men seated but in the shadows behind them many more watched the game, fanning themselves with their hats or dozing and sweating through their shirts as the poker match crept into its fourteenth hour.
The young Dryden Black was an emaciated but muscular boy, he watched from behind his father. Watched the massed pile of money they'd accumulated through the night and watched the other men as a guard dog would watch anyone who might threaten its master. They'd all been frisked before they were allowed in, a regular custom in high stakes poker games with this crowd. But the Black father and son were cautious, they knew New York mobsters hated to lose.
The evening had begun with seven players, each staking two hundred dollars, now the older Black, Byron, was just a hand away from taking the whole pot with only himself and one other player left. And it could set him and his young son up for life in America.
The dealer turned the last card of the hand and Byron breathed his whisky-tinged breath out slowly, he stared hard at the other player, a small, dark man in a grey suit with a five o'clock shadow.
"I'm all in."
The other man looked at his own cards with disgust.
"You're buying the pot."
"No, just confident."
Young Dryden knew the game as well as any of the men in the room and sensed that his father's intake of whisky had clouded his judgment. He knew the temper and mistakes whisky could bring to his father well enough, he'd felt the sting. The man opposite had said little throughout the game, but a steady pall of simmering aggression hung around him and got darker with each hand he lost.
"You're buying the pot and I ain't having it."
Byron looked over to the third man at the table, the dealer. He was supposed to settle any disputes. But the dealer just looked down. Byron saw his error.
"Okay then friend. I'll just bet half of what you've got left. Is that fair?"
The other man's face lost its color.
"You treating me like an amateur? Like wet-nosed bitch?"
As his voice grew louder the men in the room shuffled around. They'd all been awake and drinking through the night, but were immediately on guard.
At the back of the room, a thin bookish man spoke up.
"I think you should let it be Rico."
Without shifting his gaze the man opposite Byron hissed.
"Stay out of this Rothman. You're out of the game."
The smaller man at the back of the room stood, and behind him two larger men matched his movement, standing taller, larger and slower. He spoke again with more authority.
"I said let it be."
The gambler called Rico pushed back from the table and stood quickly. He glared at the man he'd called Rothman.
"No Jew's gonna order me around."
In a flash of movement a Derringer pistol slid out of the gambler's sleeve, the men in the back of the room flinched as Rico span the gun around past them and fired into Byron Black's right eye, flinging the man's immediately dead body back to drop at his son's feet.
The room roared with shouting and pushing as fifteen men drew their own concealed knives and guns.
There were shouts
"Easy guys, calm down!"
and 
"Not in here, outside, take it outside!"
As violent men settled an explosive situation with threats and anger. Soon the only sounds were shuffling feet as they gave each other room. 
Throughout it all, the son cradled his father's head in his lap. The room didn't matter to him as he watched the blood flow from his father's ruined face fading to a trickle. Time seemed to stand still as life drained from Byron Black. There was a hand on the young Dryden's shoulder and a soft voice.
"Kid. You ok?"
How could he be ok? The only person he had in the world was gone. He looked up at the man. It was the thin man from the back of the room, Rothman. 
He looked around, the other men were lighting cigarettes or putting on their jackets oblivious to the dead man on the floor, the card game was over, the outcome inevitable and it was time to leave.
At the table, Rico was gathering up all the money and folding it into his pockets, he laughed with one of the other men as he did so.
Dryden Black stood and ran at full speed at the man. But Rico had a sixth sense you only learn on the worst streets. He span with his small pistol clenched in his fist and smashed it against the side of the boy's face, sending him flying back with a loud smack. The boy edged back as the larger man advanced, pocketing the gun and rolling up his sleeves. Again Rothman attempted to intervene. 
"Rico, he's just a kid."
"A kid with a taste for revenge!"
He flinched as the killer grabbed and wrenched him up by the lapels of the cheap jacket his father insisted he wore. But as Dryden Black was pulled up and level, he saw the other man's expression change from anger to shock. Under the lapels of the boy's jacket, His father had sewn an array of fishhooks. If anyone dared to grab his son, their hands would be bloodily impaled, And the harder he grabbed, the deeper the hooks would bite. Then they wouldn't be able to move until they ripped their own hands loose to free themselves. 
Dryden Black realized what had happened and pulled back, bringing the older man with him in a warped dance. Rico stared at the blood spreading from his hands across the boy's lapels.
Young as he was, he knew he only had a few seconds to act before the man would build up the courage to rip his palms open and be free to go for the gun in his pocket or more likely, before Rico's heavies realized what was happening. 
He grabbed Rico's bloody hands and squeezed them tight on the hooks as he pulled back, spinning his adversary like a weak willed dance student, he span him around twice. The men in the room, smiled bemused by the waltzing and the now screaming ruthless killer they knew so well.
One of them asked.
"I thought you was gonna kill the boy Rico? Not dance with him."
Rico screamed louder as his final spin built the momentum young Dryden wanted and the hooks under his nails began to rip out. The boy bowed down and raised his arms over his head, sending the oversized jacket off in a swish. Yet it was still attached to the killer's hands as he tumbled back at full speed, slipping silently between the black drapes and through to the edge of an open window.
Again, the room was silenced as the men watched the face of the gangster they all feared so terribly, look in at them from outside the window as he teetered on the sill, grabbing for the sides, with hands trapped in the folds of a kid's jacket, before, unable to pull his hands free, he tipped over, out, down and with a loud crunch, burst on the sidewalk.
Eli Rothman, a man who thought he was wise to the world, stared at the open window.
"What did I just see?"
He looked at the young boy, who straightened from his dramatic bow.
"That kid just danced Rico Santini out a window"





Chapter 14

"Rothman took me in, I lived with him and his wife Elsa in their house in Brooklyn, they didn't have any of their own kids, but there were always people around, cousins, uncles, Elsa's parents, Rothman's own grandparents came over from Poland every few years and they treated me like one of their own."
Nicole put the notebook back in her bag.
"That's enough for me Dryden. We did know most of it. The FBI has quite an extensive file on you. We just wanted to see if your version would match up."
"And your conclusion?"
"Well. I could be poetic. But I doubt you're the sentimental type, or would care if I was. So my official summary is... You're a former gangster and convicted murderer who drinks far too much, shows a committed lack of respect for authority, order or discipline, has questionable morals and patriotism, and yet, in spite of this, you're highly adept at and appear to be focused entirely on... killing Nazis."
He smiled.
"I'll drink to that Miss De La Roche. Now, let me show you some card tricks and maybe we can explore my questionable morals."





Chapter 15

A few miles East, the Minister sat back in his leather armchair and breathed out a cloud of cigar smoke.
"So Helene. He's a former gangster and convicted killer who signed up because he likes fighting Nazis? Is that a fair summation of the first success of this grave robbing programme?"
Madame Helene smiled as she inhaled from her own narrow cigarette.
"Or perhaps a poorly convicted man who can be trained to fight like no other man alive."
The Minister shrugged and curled out his bottom lip, unconvinced.
"In either case, we have a more pressing issue to discuss than this solitary success of your programme."
Madame Helene nodded to the waiter behind for a refill of the Islay malt whisky she was drinking.
"And what might that be?"
'Well... It would appear that one of theirs has been activated.'
Herzog gasped.
"One of their Vampyr?"
The Minister looked around at the waiting staff and the few other tables that marked the most secure private dining club in London. He had turned a bright shade of puce.
"For god's sake man, keep it down."
Herzog nodded and leaned back into his chair again quietly.
Madame Helene asked in a lowered voice.
"You're telling us that one of their vampires is in the field?"
The Minister bristled again.
"Please avoid the 'V' word in here. I have a serious reputation to think of you know. The Minister for transport's over there and those two gents by the fire are Tory Peers."
Herzog was shifting with annoyance.
"Please sir. I apologize for saying that. But tell us. Have they activated their programme?"
"Yes dammit! They've activated one of their... 'Specialist agents'. Turns out we had a leak in the department. A French girl, one of the secretaries found out about our programme and the Nazis sent one of their own over. We intercepted him at the girl's flat but he displayed..."
The Minister leaned forward.
"Certain abilities... That have led us to the conclusion that the enemy programme has succeeded and their own success rates must be in far greater excess of our own.... One."
Herzog and Madame Helene were both speechless. The three sat in silence for a moment, sipping their drinks.
Finally Madame Helene stood and addressed the seated politician.
"Minister. Thank you for a fine meal. I think the Doctor and I should excuse ourselves now. It would appear that the game is very much in play."
She turned and started marching across the room. Herzog hurried to join her and then halted as Madame Helene turned again and loudly addressed the Minister.
"Fear not though dear sir. The Germans haven't reckoned on his Majesty's forces' own abilities!."
The room was silenced. Every gentleman in the room puffed out his chest as they listened in to this glamorous and commanding stranger addressing the Minister for War on the proud subject of victory.
"And the Germans have no conception of our desire to win!"
A few of the gentlemen raised their glasses.
One of the Tory Peers barked through his thick set of whiskers.
"Here, here!"
Madame Helene was pleased as she looked around at the proud, purple faces in the room.
This glorious, rousing speech matched Elizabeth on the eve of the Armada.
"And they have no idea of our determination to kill!"
The men were cheering.
"Every!"
They cheered again.
"Single!"
They cheered louder.
"Nazi!"
Some of them stood up to join the rallying woman.
"Vampire!"
Across the room there was the simultaneous sound of glasses being quickly placed back on the tables, leaving embarrassed silence. There were too many rumors of "alternate operations" for most of their liking at the SOE and in spite of it being widely known by some departments as the Ministry for Ungentlemanly Warfare, most sane men were unwilling to embrace the occult...  just yet.
Madame Helene smiled again at the Minister and left, followed by the Doctor.
The door closed and every eye was on the man left at the table, whispers and low growls started to come from all around.
The door opened again and through the silence Herzog rushed back to the table in small quick steps. He grabbed his glasses from beside his table setting and then hurried back toward the door.
Before he closed the door, Herzog leaned in and made his own soft battle cry.
"Down with the Nazi Vampires!"





Chapter 16

In the back car of the convoy carrying Madame Helene and Herzog from Baker Street, the armed guard in the passenger seat glanced nervously in his side mirror once, twice and then, just to be sure, a third time.
He furrowed his brow.
"It couldn't be."
He turned around to look at the car that had silently crept up on their rear, its lights dimmed with anti aircraft blinkers. As the convoy slowed for any unseen traffic crossing Oxford Street he saw the driver of the car behind him. He noticed the man looked quite pale.
But it was his last thought. As two holes quietly and suddenly appeared. One in the rear window and one in his head. A fraction of a second later, his brain matter burst onto the windscreen, swiftly followed by the brains of the driver. 
The silently pursuing car moved around the idling Daimler and took its place in the black procession.
Herzog noticed the change in the convoy
But too late.
Kohler rammed them with a rev of his engine and sent the car hurtling into the rear of the lead vehicle.
Herzog and Madame Helene were still shaking their heads clear when the blonde figure got out of his car and appeared at Madame Helene's window. Kohler raised his Luger and fired straight at his target's face.
There was a loud crack as the bullet hit the reinforced glass. But it held. Kohler lowered his weapon and leaned in to look at the window between him and his prey. He snarled, and took a step back before raising his fist to punch through what a bullet couldn't penetrate.
"Mein Gott Helene, he's going to..."
Before Herzog finished his sentence, flashes of fire and the blaze from two Tommy guns being emptied began. The guards from the lead vehicle had reacted quickly and neither man loosened his finger. The strong figure of the German was sent tumbling and twisting along the road as they advanced with their steady spew of burning lead roaring through the night.
Madame Helene broke away from watching the extermination and shook her driver by the shoulder.
"Get us the hell out of here!"
The driver nodded and put the car into gear, scraping it off the bumper of the front car and into the main road going east. As the car climbed to a steady pace, the two passengers looked back to see their guards stop firing and stand still over the ruined body of their attacker, then, as they expected. They saw it move. 
Kohler's Luger was once again raised and in a moment broken only by two brief flashes of fire, the guards fell.

Nicole and Dryden Black were standing outside the restaurant waiting.
Dryden was inhaling deeply, hoping the night air might clear his head, which was beginning to pound.
"I don't feel very good."
"I'm nor surprised Dryden. You just polished off two bottles of wine and a large brandy."
"Thanks for reminding me."
He leaned back against the wall, his head lowered. His normally slicked black hair hung limply around his face, covering his eyes.
"But why is my hangover setting in already?"
She smiled.
"I'm sorry, did I forget to mention that all the effects of alcohol are heightened? That of course includes the ill effects."
"You forgot."
She looked up into the sky at the full moon.
"It's a beautiful night."
"Too clear for my liking."
'What?'
He slurred his answer.
"Bombers moon."
"Do they?"
He smiled. But their shared amusement was immediately interrupted as the shriek of air-raid sirens screamed through the night.
"Oh dear."
Dryden was less eloquent.
"Bastards!"
All around them lights were turned off and the few people that were still on the streets dashed for the nearest underground station.
"What should we do?"
She asked.
"Well I don't fancy spending the night in a tube station full of Cockneys singing. I'd rather take my chances with firebombs and wait for my lift."
"Well it sounds like they're on their way."
He strained to hear anything beyond the screaming sirens. He looked at her quizzically. And then picked out the screech of tires coming at full speed.
"Is that them?"
She was pleased with herself, but her face soon changed to concern.
"That’s the Daimler alright, but there's only one car... I can't hear the escort vehicles and they're pushing the engine pretty hard. This isn't good."
Dryden was leaning against the building, he seemed to be nodding off as she spoke.
She slapped him hard, sending him off his feet and almost through the door of the restaurant.
He looked up at her shocked, his hand where she’d hit him.
"What the?"
"Sorry Dryden, but I think we might need a sober fighting man very soon."
He nodded, understanding, but still incredulous.
They walked out into the street, tightening their belts and coats, ready for the arrival of the car. It was coming, and the engine was roaring like a charging beast in a rage.
The black car screamed round the corner, its tires juddering like nails down a blackboard as they lost and then reclaimed traction. The lights were on full and Dryden and Nicole felt the burn of the beams in their eyes. But they held their position on either side of the street. 
The car came to a ferocious skidding halt, turned horizontally across the road between them and they immediately saw the fear on the driver's face.
Madame Helene, in the back, seemed altogether more excited by the experience. She opened her door and leaned out.
"Hello Darling! Seems the Krauts have sent a vampire after us. I think we should all get into the restaurant quick smart. The cavalry's on its way.
As she finished, another louder engine became audible from the direction they'd come. They looked up to see a massive juggernaut of armor crunching down the street. It was a Bedford OXA armored troop carrier.
"Here they are."
Nicole smiled and Madame Helene began to step from the car as Nicole raised her hand and stepped forward to greet the vehicle.
Dryden moved quickly towards her.
"Get back! It's not stopping!"
Six and a half tons of metal takes a lot of engine to move it to maximum speed and whoever was driving had their foot down hard, with no sign of letting up.
He grabbed Nicole around the waist and pushed her onto the pavement as the mass of metal roared past her hitting the car with all of its angry weight.
The car crumpled and the front was torn away. The driver's chest ripped open and spilled like a bag of gristle across the Bedford's windscreen. In the back, Herzog was pinned as the car's interior was crushed to half its size. And outside the car, Madame Helene was tossed high and wide like a brittle china doll, breaking on the ground beside her terrified watching daughter. 
The carnage of metal ended as quickly as it had begun as the Bedford finally hit a wall at the end of the street, the bricks breaking as easily as the reinforced car had.
There was stillness. The drone of the sirens filled the night again. Nicole raced over to her Mother, who was bleeding heavily.
"Mother! Please, are you alright?"
She cradled her head and hesitated before wiping the blood from her face, her stomach growled and she felt her mouth watering. It made her angry. And she let the rage burn as she looked up at the tangle of steel that was her Mother's car, pinned beneath the large armored vehicle.
Steam drifted from the wreckage and engine fluid spilled out onto the road, but there was no other movement. Kohler had leapt from the car at the moment of impact. And across the street she saw the dark figure rise from its crouched position from where it had watched throughout the whole collision.
As Kohler straightened, he dusted off his lapels and straightened his tie. He walked slowly across the dark street, his boots crunching over a sea of glass. As he came to the middle of the road, light from the inside of the restaurant showed his face. It was in tatters. The guards had aimed for the head and chest and almost succeeded in destroying him, he wheezed as he breathed through his shredded cheeks. When he spoke, his thick, black blood gurgled from his open throat.
"Good evening frauline... De La Roche I assume?"
She was still, she kept hold of her mother, crouching over in the immovable rage of protection only a woman can summon.
Kohler paused, studying her. He knew something wasn't right. She showed no fear. Why?
Kohler cocked his head.
"You know what I am, don't you?"
She didn't reply, but a voice came from the direction of the wrecked car.
"You're a Nazi! And that's all I need to know."
Dryden Black walked back from the crash, the moonlight lit him in silver, his pale skin almost glowing white. He was holding the driver's tommy gun over his shoulder. He had a cigarette in his mouth and lit it as he came nearer.
"The 1929 Thomson sub-machine gun, also known as the Trench Broom, the Chicago piano, the annihilator and... my personal favorite, the gun that made the twenties roar. This baby fires at a rate of six hundred rounds a minute and packs..."
He shook it listening to the solid 'whump' of the packed bullets in the magazine.
"A full one hundred round drum of .45 caliber bullets. Range is about fifty feet. We're at about twenty. And I haven't used one of these since 1931. Shall we see if I've still got what it takes?"
Kohler's face twitched, the hanging flesh and exposed muscle quivering.
"Boy, you Nazis are ugly."
Kohler answered.
"Mr Tommy gun American... I'm smiling."
Dryden's own smile dropped and in an instant Kohler raised his hand with three small knives that flew in unison deep into Dryden's chest. The pain shot through him and he squeezed the trigger, the gun burst into loud life but fired wildly at the ground. As he staggered back he saw Kohler advancing on him and brought the gun up at the German's chest. The force of the firing weapon threw both men over onto their backs. The gun clattered out of Dryden's reach.
As he groaned and pulled the knives from his body, he noticed the blood flowing quickly and smoothly, he was bleeding normally. In panic, he knew why.
"The wine."
He scrambled up holding his chest just as the German rose.
Facing each other unarmed, they stood ready to fight to the death.
Slowly they advanced.
Dryden lunged with a hard boot at the German's chest, but he easily side-stepped it and sent a sharp jab into Dryden's face, who felt his head whip back with the hammer of force. He backed off and raised his guard again.
Kohler did the same, circling. 
As he moved, Dryden felt around for the dropped machine gun, but his feet found nothing. 
Then for a split second he looked away from his adversary. 
It was a mistake punished by a hard German boot to the face. Dryden flew back and landed with a crunch. When he looked up again, the German was standing over him smiling.
"A true soldier would never make such a foolish error. You were nowhere near the gun. It is over there, the magazine broken and useless."
Kohler made a little nod with his head but didn't break eye contact.
"Now I will rip you limb from limb."
Dryden spat blood up at the German.
"I wasn't looking for that gun. I was looking at somebody else's."
He grinned to show a mouth of bloody teeth.
"And here she is with it."
There were three fast shots and a chunk of Kohler's face blew off, leaving the jawbone attached on only one side. He screamed and grabbed at the loose bone as his tongue waved wildly in the gaping hole. Just a few paces away, Nicole held a powerful Webley revolver, it smoked languidly, as though proud of its work.
She stared hard at the German, whose eyes were wide with shock and pain. She cocked the hammer to unload the rest of the gun into his face. 
But the German ran.
With inhuman speed, Kohler ran down an alley and away from almost certain execution. Nicole lowered the gun and anxiously looked back to her Mother. There was no movement. She turned back to Dryden.
"Can you get him Dryden?"
"Hell yeah!"
He stood and also ran, with inhuman speed.





Chapter 17

The night was filled with the cacophony of the air-raid sirens and flack being blasted into the dark skies. 
But throughout the storm, Dryden Black only had one target in mind. 
A target he pursued with the singular aim of a diving bird of prey. Ahead of him he saw the German make incredible leaps over high walls, he saw him bound across parked cars and he saw him run up the sides of buildings to propel himself to another. 
And every move he made, Dryden matched. 
He was emboldened by the drink and knew he was probably slower, but Kohler was also slowed by the gaping rags of torn flesh he held together with both hands on every leap.
And surely but slowly, the German began to lose pace.
Dryden saw the man ahead clearly as he made his last leap, over a twelve foot high alley-end. The German paused. Hunched and broken, holding his face together with one hand and holding himself steady against a bin with the other, he looked up to the sky... Then around at Dryden.
He paused on the crest of the alley wall. 
Their eyes met. Dryden Black's dark. Kohler's red with blood.
The bomb was probably still a half a mile away. But half a mile through the skies of London is just a matter of seconds for a whistling incendiary bomb. In the skies above the two men, spotlights searched and saw nothing, but they both knew, hell was coming to earth... Soon.
They both ran.
Together, faster than before and harder, encouraged by each other's speed they ran from the imminent explosion and saw before them sanctuary. A fifteenth century church, the kind made of five foot of stonework, and narrow unassuming stained glass windows.
Outside, the local community had piled sandbags and boarded the windows. Dryden and Kohler both used the sandbags as jump-matts to leap through the boarded glass designs as the bomb landed and the sea of fire advanced, a  seeking spike of flame chased them into the dark building, catching and destroying everything it touched.
There was nothing but burning heat around them for  a few moments. Neither of the men saw or heard anything but light and noise.
But then it subsided and the room crackled. Dryden raised his head and saw the man he'd escaped the explosion with. They exchanged a brief glance of mutual amazement at their survival. 
Then Kohler remembered his duty.
The German stood, shaking off the dust of the explosion and wreckage of the burning church pews, ignoring his mutilated face, he stared down at the bleeding man before him.
"Gyouuuuuu...."
Dryden had no idea what he meant. And raised his eyebrows as he too stood.
The German held his lower jaw together and used his leather-gloved hand as a lower lip to form words.
"You are very, fasht."
He moved his hand again to better position the shattered half jaw.
"But you smell of pig blood, wine and cigarettes."
He answered.
"Maybe I'm French."
Dryden saw that the wine had thinned his blood enough to make him appear to be a normal human... But also to weaken him. So he still had the advantage. The German had no idea he too was a vampire.
He used the initiative.
He stepped forward in a burst of speed and ripped the rest of the German's jaw clean off.
Kohler screamed in ear-splitting agony as he watched his jaw being tossed over the other man's shoulder. 
But Dryden's victory was short-lived as he saw the German draw up into his full  posture, every muscle expanding and stretching. There was only one thing on his mind now, killing.
The German hit him, harder and faster than any man had been beaten in centuries. He punched with the force of a swinging mace. Dryden felt the power travel through his bones looking for a way out. It found only his guts and they shuddered with pain. 
Kohler threw him against the vast stone pillars of the church, shaking them with the impact. As he slumped down like a fractured scarecrow, Dryden could only feel himself being picked up to be thrown again, and desperately protecting his head with his arms awaited the end of his flight through the air with another crash of pain.
With the next throw, he felt even more force go into the effort and again made himself into a ball. But this time his flight wasn't halted by hitting one of the church pillars, in fact, he felt the hair on his head brush against cold stone as he span through the hollow air of the church and then down. The German had missed his target. Dryden, arched his back out to right himself for the fall. But too late and crashed through the delicate pews splintering and smashing them as he tumbled across the church.
He opened his eyes gain. All around him lay broken wood. He clambered up and started to feel through for a good-sized piece with a sharp end. Toward the back of the church, he saw the German recognize his opponent's search for that most obvious weapon in any battle against a vampire. 
Kohler marched forward, easily tossing the upended pews out of his way as he advanced.
Dryden saw something he could use. He stood firm and raised a long golden crucifix, splayed metal rays of sunshine marked its center to create a circle of shining gold. The German stopped. He pointed at the cross and laughed. A guttural, demonic cackle from the broken mess of flesh. And as his laughter grew, he stood taller and wider to take in more air through his ragged, broken chest. He pointed at the crucifix.
Dryden took his chance as the German laughed again, the bloody tongue rolling around under the ruined face. 
He span around on his heels and with the power of a hammer thrower in his final spin, stretched his arms out fully with the cross-gripped tight. 
In an instant, the German's head flew from his shoulders and span high in the air arcing then descending to splash down into the church font. 
There was a spray of blood and water and then a slosh as the pink excess spilled out onto the stone floor. 
The bombing had halted and the sirens ceased.
Dryden looked at the cross for a moment before dropping it and stepping over the lifeless decapitated corpse of his defeated opponent.
He glanced at the font. Bubbles popped as air crept out of the severed head.
"How about holy water?"


Thanks for reading, if you’re enjoying it, please Like or Follow and see how the next book comes along.

https://www.facebook.com/drydenblackbook

https://twitter.com/S_A_Campbell





Part two - The Hunted

Chapter 18

Madame Helene was in a coma. And in a chair at her bedside, her daughter stared silently at her closed eyes.
Herzog too, had barely survived the crash, he had lost a leg and was in intensive care at Guy's hospital in London.  Madame Helene was kept at Godstone for the security the building provided. And the room was full.
Dryden was by the window, looking out, he didn't like being around the dying, the men who'd taken him in when his own father died had always shown bravado, made jokes or threats at the worst of times. But he'd never quite got the hang of it and instead remained silent.
The other men grouped around, who were, a mixture of military intelligence officers, a couple of Doctors and a squabble of government officials, shared no such melancholy as they exchanged whispers.
Major Strang was the first to break into full voice and kill the low level.
"Well the sooner we get a crack at these Krauts the better. Bring on the invasion I say. They'll soon get a taste of English steel."
The Minister for War saw his own opportunity to join in, and addressed the room, tuning his back on the dying hostess and her daughter.
"Well said Major. I'm sure we're all agreed that this experiment has gone far enough. What started as a simple research project has cost the lives of several men. This project is dead in the water and I'm going to recommend to the Prime Minister that we halt it immediately and destroy all records of it ever existing, for the protection of the nation from uncontrollable diseases and of course for the protection of young Miss de La Roche."
He smiled as the room nodded and a few muttered their support with.
"Here, here."
The minister then turned and rolled back on his heels before addressing Nicole.
"I'm sure it's what your Mother and Father would have wanted."
She hissed her reply.
"You have no idea what my parents would want."
His eyes widened.
She rose slowly and turned to the assembled men.
"This is a privately funded war project supported directly by the Prime Minister and with approval from the Privy Council. And as such can only be halted by my Mother or her direct successor in the line of command. And that's Doctor Herzog and then myself. It will therefore continue and with official license continue to battle the competitor programme. If you want to suggest otherwise then I'm happy to stand with you in front of The Prime Minister and the King and see what they think of your suggestion."
The Minister frowned.
"With only one success, it's hardly a match for the Nazi Occulten Corps."
She smiled and pulled a pair of sunglasses from her pocket.
"Minister... that’s one official success. We can have a team ready for dispatch to the Nazi site within a week. You just need you to find it for us."
She walked through the group of men out of the room. Dryden became the focus of their arrogant stares. He pushed past them with less grace than Nicole and followed her out. Catching up at the gated elevator doors that led to the basement.
"You never told me there was a team!"
"Of course there is. You... and I are the team."





Chapter 19

Dryden pushed into the elevator with her and they rode down in silence.
When it ground to a halt, they scraped the grills open and moved down the white passageway past the cell doors. On the opposite end another door with a combination lock loomed large.
Nicole bent forward and span the dial listening for the bevels. He was impressed. She wasn't using a code she knew, but cracking the safe with careful listening to the tumblers. He couldn't help thinking how useful this skill would be to him when he was back stateside. When the final click sounded she stood and pulled down on the large steel handle.
"I'll show you how to do that someday."
"In Brooklyn we use a stick of dynamite. This looks much more effective."
Inside, the room was dark and Nicole felt her hand against the wall for the switch.
"Shield your eyes."
She turned on the lights and a searing brightness blasted out of a dozen caged hanging surgical lamps, filling every corner of the large room with clinical brightness. It was Herzog's laboratory.
They both strapped on their glasses and Dryden took in the room.
Among the numerous tables, blackboards covered in chalked formulae, vials, beakers, test tubes, syringes, and copper pipes was a small electric fire, and padded floral chair with a side table and empty teacup. All quite normal for a lab, but it was the position of the comfortable little corner chair that drew his interest and equal disgust. It sat beneath a large slanted board of about eight feet in height, fitted with heavy leather straps where a splayed subject would be suspended over the seated, tea-sipping Doctor.
Nicole busied herself leafing through the papers on the desks and pulling open drawers.
Dryden felt himself drawn to the board. It was stained dark with blood and the straps were frayed from the victims' agonized struggling.
From behind him Nicole called out.
"Here they are"
He didn't acknowledge, but looked around at the other home comforts under this vile site.
When he brought himself to look round at her, she held four canisters marked III and a wooden case that held two small vials of black fluid marked IV and  V. The other eight indented spaces in the case were empty.
"We weren't the first successes of the programme, Herzog trailed the formula with patient zero. He said the safest dose we could survive was the multiple of  three and he produced batches. So, here we have a ration that should see us through the mission. Triple strength."
She tapped at the vials marked IV and V.
"But we'll leave the stronger stuff here."
Dryden turned back to the leather straps, seeing rags of skin hanging from the buckles.
"How did he find out?"
She pointed at the bloodstained board.
"Clinical trials."
He shook his head.
"You can take a Nazi out of Germany."
She snarled back at him.
"Patient zero was a murderer and rapist who killed fourteen young girls before he was captured and hanged. Whatever Herzog did to him he deserved, and worse."
She put the case back on the table and started out of the room.
"In any case, if he hadn't experimented we wouldn't have the edge this formulas might give us."
She raised the two triple strength canisters.
He had to accept her logic.
"So what happened to Zero?"
She shrugged as she turned the light off at the door. Dryden watched her silhouette as she moved out into the corridor.
She answered without looking back.
"His head exploded."
As he followed her out he looked back at the armchair and saw a glint of light reflected from under the cushion. He turned back and picked up what he found to be another small vial. Holding it up to the light Dryden Black saw the letter X. 
He smiled before pocketing the strongest dose and left the lab.





Chapter 20

The drive was made in silence. It had been a few days since they'd spoken in the cellar laboratory. He'd filled his days working on the twelve killer blows of Defendu and getting used to the  weapons and equipment he'd been supplied. He'd also been giving careful consideration to deserting the dead house for the bars and underground casinos of Soho, but somehow the day of the mission had come around and he was still there.
He was in Madame Helene's library pouring himself the first brandy and soda of the morning when Nicole marched in and threw a coat at him.
"We're going up to London. Get your stuff together."
She turned out of the room and Dryden raised the brandy glass to his lips. Then he heard her again from the corridor.
"And put that drink down Mr Black, there's a bloody war on!"
He downed it anyway.
The car journey had been long, two hours from Godstone to the British Museum Library, time Nicole filled reading through a pile of manila folders containing reports in a mixture of languages, a slew of maps and sheets of ariel photographs. She looked very different to the beauty he'd driven to London with just a few days before. Her dark suit was sturdy wool and her hair was tied back tightly in an austere tail. Her eyes matched her mood, deadly and serious.
Dryden stared out at London life through the dark tinted windows, it was a grey day and the mood seemed down across the capital. More air raids, more death and less and less hope as the pounding of war drew on, was clearly taking its toll on the city.
As the car pulled in to a large white building shielded by sandbags and hoarding, Nicole stuffed her files into a briefcase and took a pistol from the bag. She checked the clip and reloaded.
Dryden hazarded a question.
"You expecting trouble?"
She turned and looked at him, her eyes dark.
"From now on, I expect trouble at every turn."
They both put on their glasses and got out of the car. Dryden followed her towards the building and saw the carved name over the pillared entrance, The British Museum. They walked across the wide courtyard to a side entrance. When they came to the door they were greeted by a soldier in plain uniform cradling a rifle.
He challenged them with confusion. He clearly wasn't used to visitors.
"Eh, name please and state you business please."
As she made long strides up the steps to the soldier, Nicole reached into her jacket and drew the gun.
Dryden was momentarily shocked thinking she was about to kill this innocent Tommy before he saw her draw her hand wide and let loose a hard hammer blow to the man's chin with the heel of her pistol's grip.
She didn't stop to watch as the soldier crumpled. She was already at the door with a skeleton key in the lock. When the lock quickly clicked open, she moved through, but Dryden held his ground.
After a moment, she turned and leaned back out of the doorway.
"If you're coming, bring the sentry, we need to leave him somewhere secure."
"And what if I'm not coming?"
She sighed and moved back in front of him.
"The trail's gone colder than a witch's tit and we don't have enough intel on the other side of the channel to find the bastards' base. We need information. 
And we're here to beg for it, or take it by force. 
Now I have no place in this plan for someone who's going to question me at every turn, so tell me now, are you in or out? If you want out just walk away now. I'll give you a twelve hour start before I set Strang and his hunters on you."
He stared into the dark glasses and saw his own reflection. He knew Nicole must see the same thing. They stayed locked in the unflinching stare for a moment. And then she spoke.
"Let's get a move on then."
She turned and walked on through the museum.
Dryden stayed where he was.
She took a few more paces before she realized her threats hadn't worked. She softened her tone.
"What will make you come with me?"
"I don't take kindly to threats and orders Miss."
Her clenched jaw eased and the determination in her stance subsided. The brave face was weakening.
"Please Dryden. I need your help, it's not about lines on a map any more. It's personal. And you're involved whether you like it or not."
She didn't need to say anything else. She'd hit a nerve. The very reason he'd come to the war in the first place.
"Alright, I get it. I'm in."





Chapter 21
New York 1940

It was a hot July evening and the white ceiling fans of the club were whirring at full speed. It was still early in the evening so the Moon on the Water cabaret bar was quiet. The joint was in its third incarnation in ten years. It had been bought as a simple bar, transformed in the twenties to match the more austere post war years before the prohibition finally called for a brighter more contemporary feel. That look and feel was mainly white. White walls, white furniture, white alabaster art deco statues but black uniforms for every member of staff, this encouraged the patrons of the bar to follow the theme and dutifully men wore white tuxedos while women draped white sable or fox fur around themselves for a night at the best bar in town.
Dryden was younger, and clean-shaven. He'd been at the barbershop that morning, a trip he made most mornings. He wore a clean white dinner jacket and black trousers and leaned against the bar sharing a drink with "A-list" Levinson. It was a new nickname, the older man had been known as "Aces" most of his criminal life but a year before had upped sticks and moved his whole operation to Hollywood, determined to reinvent himself as an actor. A-list was a tall and muscular man, not as handsome as he thought but convinced of it by the numerous dancers and waitresses he'd bedded over the years. Dryden kept the conversation light, he knew that Hollywood, as nice as it looked on screen couldn't have taken the shine of violence off the man he drank a whisky with. In his first year under the wing of the Rothman organization he'd watched A-list beat men to death barehanded and strangle one with a go-go dancer's top for stepping on his newly polished shoes.
"So you met Jimmy Cagney yet Aces?"
"Cagney, no. I met Errol Flynn though, that guy can drink I tell ya. You know he's not really English? He's Australian or something. But he's still a fag, he wears tights."
Dryden shrugged.
"And I'll tell ya about Cagney. Cagney cried like a girl when they took him to the chair."
It was an ongoing debate among the men at the club. Had Cagney's character gone yellow on the way to the chair because he was scared or as a last favor to his Priest friend to help scare the local boys out of a life of crime?
Dryden ventured a neutral question.
"Angels With Dirty Faces?"
"Yeah."
"Well I don't know if you can judge Cagney the man by the part he was playing."
A-list turned his cold grey eyes on Dryden and his mouth quickly turned to disgust.
"He's a pussy. No way I'd ever play a pussy coward and cry on film!"
Dryden stood back unsure of how to respond.
"Okay Aces. I get you."
A-list drained his glass and tapped it twice on the marble bar to get the cocktail waiter's attention.
"Fill this up."
He turned to Dryden and let the prized Hollywood smile appear.
"How about you Black? You having another?"
Dryden leaned back onto the bar, the cloud of the other man's anger had passed.
"Sure thing I'm not flying tonight."
A-list turned, remembering something and poked Dryden in the arm.
"Oh, hey I wanted to talk to you about a job I got planned."
"Yeah? What's that?"
The waiter filled the glasses and both men waited for his back to turn again before continuing. A courtesy shown to all staff at Rothman's clubs. He'd lost too many good barmen to jittery gangsters.
"I'm gonna kill Hitler."
Dryden smiled.
"Really?"
A-list studied the other man's reply and missed the hint of irony.
"Sure. I'm gonna take a team of boys in to the Eagle's Nest kill the Nazi high command and his fucking dogs then make a break for it across the border to England."
Dryden nodded. It wasn't the first time he'd heard this kind of notion, but normally the man planning it had either had enough to drink for the night or more than he should have had over a few decades.
"And that's where you come in."
Dryden's glass stopped before it reached his lips.
"How do I come in?"
"Well it 'ain't gonna be easy. Gettin' out of Germany. I say we jack a plane. There should be a few sittin' around Hitler's pad. But I need a getaway pilot. What you say? You in?"
Dryden drained the glass slowly thinking of the right reply for an inebriated and armed psychopath in a deserted bar.
"Well... I."
"Hey Black!"
They turned to see Lenny Low-rent coming down the stairs from Rothman's office.
"Boss wants to see you!"
Dryden replaced his glass and smiled at A-List.
"Sorry Aces. Duty calls."
He moved quickly past the small man who had delivered the message.
"Hey Low-rent, you might be able to help Aces out. You speak some German don't you?"
The small man smiled at A-list and grabbed his balls before shouting.
"Sure! Zeig mir deine pflaume!"	 
As Dryden made his way to the stairs he heard A-list reply coldly.
"What does that mean?"
"It means show me your pussy. That's about all the German I know, learned it from Fat Freda."
As he moved up the stairs he heard A-list's fuse flaring at Low-rent.
"Get outta my sight you stupid whore chasing dwarf!"
The door to Rothman's office was closed when Dryden arrived at the end of the corridor. Inside he could hear low music coming from the old gramophone. Dryden didn't knock, he never had to. He opened the door and moved in quietly trying not to interrupt the low level Mendelssohn suite. Dryden knew the music, it was what Rothman listened to on the down days. Something was wrong.
He moved to the man in the chair by the gramophone, his eyes were closed and he clasped a glass of wine tightly at his chest. Rothman had never had the height or strength of some of his contemporaries, but what he lacked in stature he made up for in incredible strategic acumen and empathy. He knew his enemies so well he could predict their moves with such accuracy that any mob to feel his force would collapse in on itself, always convinced that their enemy could only have been working from within. But this was usually just as Rothman had planned months in advance.
Dryden studied the intense frown of the man who'd taken him in when his father was killed. He'd run errands at first, then served his time collecting on the streets before being sent to college, but he didn't last long there before escaping back to New York. Rothman sent him to Alaska to learn to fly as punishment. But as soon as he'd earned his wings he stole a plane and made his way back to New York.
Now, he regularly flew goods in and out of the States and helped the new set ups in Florida and Havana. Business was international and it was booming. So why the classical music?
Rothman spoke.
"He tell you the one about assassinating Hitler yet?"
The older man hadn't opened his eyes.
"I don't know what they drink out there in Tinseltown."
"He's always been a little bit ambitious, has Aces."
Rothman opened his light blue eyes and half smiled at Dryden. He nodded for him to sit.
"Pull up a pew."
"Thanks."
Dryden sat and stretched out in the comfortable, high-backed leather chair. It was a chair and office he knew well, and a place that hadn't changed in years, no matter what grand designs were imposed down in the bar. It was where he'd listened and learned, where he'd witnessed, negotiations, veiled threats, consolations and celebrations. Where he'd learned to keep his cool, play to his strengths and meet  danger, death and threats with a spit in the eye, the New York way.
"I remember, when we were kids in Brooklyn he even talked about robbing the Federal Reserve. That was before we'd ever even hit a bookmakers never mind a bank. Aces was never short on ambition."
"Or ammunition."
Rothman shrugged.
"Sure. He's violent and mad sometimes, but so are half the heads of state in Europe son."
He set the glass down on the table next to a letter with German postmarks. It was the first time Dryden had noticed it and surmised the other man's mood from the news it must have carried across the sea.
"Aces may be mad. But he's rarely wrong. We got a fight coming, the US government might want to ignore it but it's coming and I'm not going to avoid it."
Dryden smiled hoping to alleviate the conversation.
"With respect, you might be a little old to enlist Eli."
Rothman nodded.
Dryden sat back. He looked at the shadow across the face of a man who'd been more of a father to him than his own. He glanced back at the letter and then Rothman.
"I need to show you something."
Rothman picked up the letter from the table and held it in both hands.
"It's from Rebecca."
Dryden smiled.
"Great! How is sh.."
He stopped himself in the middle of his words, seeing the other man's solemnity. Prepared for darker words, he asked again with less cheer.
"How is she?"
Rebecca was Rothman's niece. She still lived in Poland with the rest of the family, but had come over to New York to study medicine as an exchange student from Warsaw University before returning to finish her Doctorate. Dryden and she had become close in the years he'd spent with them, she was like a cousin to him, a cousin Rothman had hoped he might one day marry.
He handed over the letter and Dryden looked at the flowing hand, recognizing her gentle touch, even in letters she had a grace that put people at ease... she was born to heal.
"It's in English. Go ahead and read it."
Dryden read.

My Dearest Uncle Eli,
I do not know how to write a letter such as this, but with bluntness.
There have been so many horrors in Warsaw since the Invasion. Everyone in the neighborhood lives in terror of the Nazis. We are treated like animals because of our religion and even some of the Poles we called friends have turned their backs on us for fear o consorting with Jude.
I have been moved into the University, mercifully they need Doctors more than they need women to harass.
But there is talk here of the Reich's plans. They are confiscating the wealth of the older families and have started moving some out of their apartments and into a walled area, anyone who resists is taken. My father, your brother, resisted when they closed his shop and they took him a week ago, he has not yet come home.
I am deeply sorry to write such news to you and I know there is nothing you can do to help us, but I wanted you to know so you might keep us in your prayers. We can only hope for a miracle now.
Always with love,
Rebecca

Dryden put the letter back on the table. And the older man spoke.
"There's one thing that's never clouded my judgment. One thing I've managed to avoid my whole life... revenge. 
That letter is six weeks old. She had a sympathetic visiting Surgeon from Fascist Spain deliver it. I've tried telegrams and calls to every US embassy in Europe. They're inundated. There's a war raging in Europe. But it's a war the US government isn't going to sacrifice nice white Anglo-Saxon boys for.
"So... We need someone to go over there."
Dryden gasped.
"You want me to go to war?"
Rothman smiled.
"You're like a son to me Dryden. Why the hell would I ask you to get yourself killed?"
Rothman stood and walked to his desk, it was covered with an array of framed photographs facing the chair of the seated guest. Their intention though apparently benign was actually to intimidate the person facing Rothman. The pictures featured no family, as an office desk might normally, but pictures of Rothman with an assortment of well-known gangland legends, politicians, sportsmen and financiers.
"Look at this lot. Congressmen, killers, safecrackers, match fixers, bootleggers, gunrunners, gamblers and drug dealers. My whole life, I've surrounded myself with the worst of society. And between us we have the temerity to call ourselves 'family'."
He picked up the one picture that wasn't framed in silver but in a dark scratched wooden frame. The only picture that faced Rothman's chair. He looked at it carefully and turned back to Dryden.
"The only thing that matters in life is your family. Your real family. Your people."
He handed the frame to Dryden. He remembered the day it had been taken, on the steps of the old house in Brooklyn. It was him when he was twelve. Rebecca sat by him on the lowest step, both laughing. On the steps above them sat Rothman and his wife. Then in chairs at the top of the stairs, Mama Jen and Papa Jacob, Rothman's parents who still lived with his brother and the rest of the family in Poland.
"My people are gone now Dryden. And you're all I have left. but if there's a chance any of them can make it out... I need you in England to make it happen. Grease the right palms, Push the right people. We'll set you up with a business in Soho, but you'll be on your own. All our Italian contacts in London have been interred and the Jews are trying to get out as fast as possible. An enterprising man could make a killing now. But I just want you to lay low and try to get Rebecca out. Will you do that for me?"
Dryden handed back the picture and stood.
"When do I ship out?"





Chapter 22 - The British Museum Library

They walked through the empty rooms in silence. All along the shelves pinned notes listed the books that had been removed to safe storage around the country. There were lists of Latin tomes that had made their way to rural Wales, hand scripted manuscripts that were visiting Dorset and a set of first edition Dickens that were listed as being stored in the middle of the Yorkshire Dales.
Their footsteps echoed through each room as they walked side by side. Nicole was slower now and he could feel her thoughts spinning as she chewed over what to tell her only ally.
"We're going to meet an Italian Priest."
"Really? They're not on our side you know."
"No. The catholic church has never been a friend to Britain."
Dryden smiled.
"I meant the Italians."
"I know what you meant Dryden, I just thought it was about time you took things seriously and learned a bit."
He bowed his head.
"Alright, go on."
"The Catholic Church has eyes and ears all over Europe. They've been reporting on the most intimate secrets of Kings, Queens, Generals and peasants for centuries. And they've been making and breaking nations with the information. In England, Henry the eighth put an end to it, but on the continent the network still reigns supreme."
"So how come I've never heard of this network?"
She stopped.
"Don't be a fool Dryden, it's set up in the corner of every single Chapel and Cathedral in Europe. The confessional. It's been Rome's most potent intelligence tool since it was invented five hundred years ago."
He slowed as they passed a series of high empty plinths marked with the names of Darwin, Newton and Adam Smith
Nicole continued.
"We've had a rather uneasy truce with the Vatican since the Great War, but wherever the British traditions of science and commerce jarred with the church's grip on the masses, we've more often than not seen the Joshuans rear their heads."
"So who are the Joshuans?"
"Think of them as the Catholic Church's most secret service. Joshua is the secret saint, canonized in private by the Vatican, no one knows precisely when, as the patron saint of espionage and assassination. And the Joshuans are the order of the church named after him. They're the masters of intrigue, from Thomas Becket to Richelieu to the Borgias any dark hand in the Church's work has been at the direction of the Joshuans. And since the crown's split from Rome, they've been behind every blow struck at the British Empire. From directing Guy Fawkes' Gunpowder plot to raising an army for Napoleon before Waterloo, steering the Indian Mutiny right up to the assassination attempts on Charles Darwin. And now we find ourselves as temporary allies."
They stopped at a large set of doors and Nicole pulled a rusty key from her bag. She unlocked the doors and pulled them wide to reveal a long set of stairs stretching down into a dark underworld. she took a torch from the bag and clicked it on before handing it to Dryden to lead the way. He looked at her and then down into the depths. 
"We can't see down there?"
"Not in total darkness, nothing can see in total darkness."
He shrugged and continued.
"So I get that Hitler's hell bent on taking Britain, but he's made no real attempt on the Vatican has he? And from what I know of them, they've got a real thing against Jews. I assumed that would please the Catholic Church?"
She answered in a whisper.
"That would have been true. But for one thing. The Joshuans were founded long before England broke from the church and long before they decided to set up a spy network. They were originally founded to seek out and destroy something entirely different."
Dryden understood.
"Vampires."
"Precisely."
They set down in a dark arched chamber, crates were stacked all around them far and wide. Nicole pointed him through the maze and they continued.
"The Joshuans destroyed the last vampires centuries ago, but they still train, live and die in the search for anything they see as touched by the devil. And the local European network's primary remit is to listen in confession for any sign of the curse appearing anywhere in Europe again. So if anyone knows how to find the Nazi Vampires..."
A voice came from the dark.
"It would be the Holy Order of the Joshuans Mr Black."
They both span towards the sound. Neither had heard, seen or scented anything at all in the dark vault.
A tall, gaunt figure stepped from behind a pillar, he wore a black coat and hat, the only whiteness being in his close-cropped hair and the slim collar he wore. He spoke again, an Italian accent only gently affecting the perfectly delivered English.
"Miss De La Roche. I won't come much closer but my limbs are ageing and I'm not sure my training would be enough to elude both of you should you turn on me."
Nicole set  the bag down at her side and straightened while Dryden shone the torch into the center of the floor.
"Pere Conte, thank you for coming at such short notice."
The older man cut in.
"Let us dispense with the pleasantries Miss De La Roche, I have no desire to spend any more time in a crypt with two Vampyr than is absolutely necessary. I know exactly why you are here, you are here to beg help from the Joshuans to locate the devil spawn."
Nicole nodded and lent down to open the bag.
"We've narrowed the search to eight possible locations. This bag contains aerial ..."
"And they are all wrong.."
She stopped and stood straight again.
"All of them?"
He smiled.
"False information fed in to the so-called British Intelligence by German agents."
Nicole was stunned.
"Some of this information was not easily attained."
He laughed.
"I know! Your secret service tortured a man to death to get the locations you codenamed Elgin and Nevis. But again, I'm afraid. Very very wrong."
"Then if they're all wrong. Do you know the right location?"
"I do. But pray tell me, why in the name of the almighty..."
He drew in a breath and let his emotions show as he screamed through the darkness.
"Would I help sister find brother? la progenie del diavolo!"
Nicole moved forward. And answered with a hiss.
"We are not devil spawn. We are vanguards of science."
He flushed red. 
Dryden saw that Nicole had deliberately struck a nerve.
"Of course, the nation of scientists the nation that left the fold to create a living hell of factories and machines, freed the negros and even teaches its children that we all descend from apes!"
Nicole was about to respond before Dryden stepped into the crossfire of words. He spoke calmly.
"Enough! I've heard enough."
The Priest and the woman were silent. Their eyes moved to Dryden.
"Now listen up father. It seems we both have the same problem here, and some old turf war shouldn't get in the way of us dealing with it and moving on. We need that information and we're going to get it from you ok?"
The Priest smiled at the veiled threat.
"Brave words Vampyr. But you forget where you are."
Dryden didn't answer but shrugged.
"Holy ground... Where you stand, you are still in the museum library, whereas I am beneath the chapel of St Mungo. And the church has more ancient ways to defend itself against your kind than you could possibly imagine."
Nicole whispered.
"Step back Dryden."
The Priest started to count down from three in Latin.
"Tres, Duo..."
Nicole retreated, shouting.
"Step back Dryden! Back now."
The Priest finished his countdown.
In the darkness there was a click as a tumbler in a rusted lock was released. Then the scream of shearing metal ripped through the darkness.
Dryden leapt back and tumbled, just as a wall of iron spikes fell through the vaulted ceiling to stab into a row of small indentations that lined the floor just inches in front of where the old Priest stood.
Dryden looked up at the razor sharp line of bars that now cut the Priest off from them and stretched endlessly into the darkness.
The Priest hadn't flinched. He paced along his wall of iron, touching the sharp cage bars as he passed.
"Some cages are built to keep monsters in, some to keep them out. The Nazis have built a cage behind the walls of an ancient castle. There, Hitler is building an army of creatures and when he is finished, he will open the cage and loose them on the world. But he forgets the most beautiful thing about a caged animal. When caged, it can be killed with ease."
He stood still, fixed them with a stare and spoke softly.
"We will help you destroy these abominations. And then we shall return to the old ways. Our battle goes on no matter the affairs of state. But for now... We will be allies."
He took an envelope from his inner pocket and dropped it through the bars to where Dryden still sat.
"You will be escorted by one of our number. He will meet you in Northern France and take you to the site."
Dryden picked up the envelope and sneered at the older man.
"You think a single Priest will be enough to get us through the heart of occupied Europe and up the ass of Hitler's most closely guarded secret?"
The Joshuan turned and walked away into darkness but spoke as he disappeared into the gloom.
"Dryden Black, the books are wrong, Vampires don't fear crucifixes. They fear the men who wear them... One Joshuan will be more than enough."





Chapter 23
Godstone Manor

Strang stood before a detailed map of northern France that took up most of the wall of the briefing room in the operations center at Godstone Manor. Dryden had found his place toward the back of the room away from the gathered commandos and RAF pilots who would be leading the raid. The men talked amongst themselves, comparing notes on the area of the map circled in red, an area that Dryden estimated to be hundreds of miles in diameter. Nicole was standing to the side studying the faces of the men she may be sending to their deaths, there didn’t seem to be any emotion on her part, but the intensity of a craftsman examining his tools, making sure none would break under pressure.
Strang tapped a rattan swagger stick on the desk and the hum of the room fell silent.
“Gentlemen. Welcome to Godstone, I know some of you are pretty keen to know why we’re here so let’s get to it. The Germans have created a virus that we believe could be used as a very effective and lethal weapon on British forces and civilians. Intelligence sources have identified the location of this biological weapons lab and given us some specific instructions for the infiltration and identification of the site. We’re to send just two agents. Miss De La Roche here, whom you all know through her father’s work and that man at the back of the room, Dryden Black.”
The servicemen turned to take in the lone figure at the back of the room. Dryden wore a grey suit with a white shirt and a loosened black tie, his beard was growing in and the red marks down both sides of his mouth seemed to glow in contrast with the black.
“You’ll note he’s not in uniform.”
Dryden answered.
“I didn’t know we had a dress code for this little party.”
Strang sneered at him.
“The reason for this is that Mr Black is not service personnel. As such should he be captured the Geneva Convention would not apply to him and he would be shot as a spy. So we're commissioning him as a private."
Strang smiled.
"Private Black, welcome to the army. Every single one of these men is now your superior."
There was a chuckle from the men around the room.
Dryden lit a cigarette with a battered zippo. And stared into Strang's eyes until the silence in the room turned the soldier's face red and he carried on.
"He’s coming along as he has a certain immunity to the virus the Germans have perfected. He won't give orders and probably won't take any.
He smiled as he turned to Nicole.
“Miss De La Roche however is an accredited Lieutenant of the ATS Women’s Auxiliary and should be addressed forthwith as Lieutenant. Our extraction operation is designed to assist her in the designation and destruction of the targeted lab and all its attendant staff.”
He pointed to the map and a small red dot south of Dieppe.
“This is our drop off point for the first team. Lieutenant De La Roche and Private Black. They will meet French operatives at this forest just south of Dieppe who will then escort them to the site. They’ve indicated that the site is less than three days by car and on foot from the aforementioned drop, which leaves us with a possibility of this area. We will be on alert for when the team locates, identifies and executes a first strike on the target, that’s when we do our job, we'll identify a landing strip and secure it with three light aircraft. We will be there solely to assist in the team's exit while our bombers will obliterate the bastards on the ground. The target, is somewhere here.”
He motioned his stick loosely around the giant circle that took in parts of France, Belgium and Luxembourg.
Dryden spoke up.
“That’s a pretty big area, by the looks of it, it covers three countries.”
The heads in the room turned to take in the man who would interrupt a briefing.
“Actually Black.”
The heads turned again.
“It takes in four countries. France, Southern Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany.”
The heads turned back to Dryden. Who put the cigarette to his lips.
“In that case,  send me a postcard from Colditz, your planes will be at the limit of their return fuel.”
Strang picked up a folded map from the table and tossed it across the room to where it landed by Dryden’s feet.
“The planes will be adapted. You leave tonight.”
A few hours later Dryden Black was back in an RAF plane, a specially converted Bristol Beaufighter, the largest and fastest fighter plane in the fleet and something he'd never imagined he'd see again.
The engines roared furiously as the propellers cut through the night sky at their top speed, coughing every time they bumped over a pocket of air. The low red lighting inside only heightened the sense of impending danger that every second nearer to the French coast brought.
Nicole had her eyes closed, and looked quite serene, braced gently against every bump and sway the hulk of metal made. Dryden wondered for a moment if she was praying, but knew that deep down she had to be as godless as him, as damned as he was, after all, she'd  chosen to inject herself with the most monstrous disease in history.
She wore the same black helmet and goggles as Dryden, her red hair tied up tightly underneath, but she had personalised her weaponry to her own tastes. She wore tight black combat trousers and light leather gloves. Her adapted webbing was strapped around her body by black buckles and held an array of small throwing knives and a Fairbairn-Sykes Commando knife with knuckle guard. Across her chest she had also strapped a DeLisle 9mm suppressed pistol, a long tubular gun developed specifically for insurgency and a favorite of the French Resistance. 
Dryden on the other hand had settled for what he knew best and wore a dyed black flight uniform and black leather jacket he'd brought over from America. Inside he'd holstered two browning automatics and several full clips. Under his arm, he strapped a small specially cut-down snub-nosed revolver. On his right hip he carried a sawn off double barrel shotgun loaded with small nails amongst the lead shot, while his only concession to the call for stealth was the Bayonette he'd "requisitioned" from the manor's collection of first world war weaponry, a sheathed, curved French Chassepot sword, a weapon developed by the best swordsmen in France to excuse an age of chaotic flying lead with sharpened steel grace.
He tightened his fist inside a black leather glove, re-enforced with steel tipped knuckles and steel wrist-guards and drew in a long deep breath.
He felt a change in the air and sensed land. He was surprised, he'd never been able to tell if his plane was over land or sea without glancing down, but it seemed his senses were more useful even at this height. Dryden clasped his hands and called over to the gunner who was seated next to Nicole.
"We're over land. Do you think we should prepare for the drop?"
The other man looked at his passenger with suspicion and glanced down out of his small window. He turned, surprised and nodded, before nudging Nicole.
"You  need to be ready to go in five! Where are your chutes!?"
Nicole turned her back to show a small backpack strapped between her shoulders. He looked over to Dryden.
"What the hell is that?"
Dryden smiled and tapped his nose.
"Top secret!"
He shrugged and squeezed past them to the back of the plane where he started to unlock the bay doors that had been added to the converted heavy fighter.
Nicole maneuvered herself over to the doors and held tightly to the handles along the side of the plane before nodding for the gunner to open them. As it folded down it revealed a ramp they would each take turns to slide down and out of the plane, it shook violently and filled the fuselage with a war of wild winds, each trying to pull the plane apart and the passengers from its safety.
Nicole took a moment to steady her nerves and looked down into the darkness, the country looked asleep. The only thing now was to await the signal from the pilot. Dryden turned and looked up for his countdown.
After a moment, the pilot turned and held up three fingers, then two and then pointed. Dryden tapped Nicole and she leaned back to propel herself from the plane with a hard pull. 
Then the light hit them. 
A flash below the plane filled the inside and before the sound of the flak shell exploding beneath could reach up to their ears, shrapnel had ripped through the fuselage. There was a scream from the gunner. Dryden shook his head to try to revive his vision... Blinded by the intensity of the light.
He felt the plane shudder as one of the engines coughed, they were hit and had to get out of range of the guns.
The gunner was injured badly. Dryden smelled the blood and felt his stomach lurch. Hunger filled him and the white blast in his eyes quickly subsided. He looked around and saw the injured man. And crouched over him, Nicole. Blood spray across her face. The shrapnel had torn through the man's shoulder and splashed into her open mouth. The taste was too much for her and she was ravenous. She stretched a hand out at the pouring wound.
"No Nicole!"
Dryden grabbed her hand before she could seize the screaming man and she turned. Her green eyes were ablaze and teeth bared, she hissed at him and sent a claw for his throat. Dryden pushed her from the plane with all his might and saw her fall back, snarling and screaming at him as she tumbled into the night sky and flash of anti aircraft fire. He glanced back at the pilot whose face was white with shock then at the injured man at his left, who lay clutching the red patch on his shoulder. He'd stopped screaming and just stared at Dryden, his eyes full of fear.
Dryden gave a small salute before diving headlong and outstretched into the darkness.
The gunner looked up at the pilot, their thoughts shared.
"What the hell did we just drop on the French?"

Dryden fell through the storm of red-hot flak and blinding bursts of light, he felt the air race up against him and counted, he knew he had to judge the altitude to perfection. He watched for the gunfire to judge his distance to the ground, he was still too high and near the explosive range of the anti aircraft guns to risk pulling the rip chord.
Far beneath him over a canopy of dark forest he saw a black chute burst open and a figure plunge into the darkness of the trees. She'd come to her senses in time to release her parachute. Of that he could be thankful at least, but there wasn't an ounce of his being that relished meeting up with the snarling harpy he'd just tossed out of a plane.
Dryden lengthened his body and tried to direct himself in line with where Nicole had landed before he finally pulled his own silks from the small backpack. His body jerked against the straps and his descent slowed, but not even to half the speed of a normal chute. Herzog had developed the smaller size based precisely on their ability to withstand a harder, faster landing than a normal human, it allowed for quicker descents and a much smaller target for the German spotters. He hoped the plan would work. Dryden didn't fancy meeting up with German soldiers on his first night in France, and certainly not if there was a likelihood of having shattered legs to have to drag himself around on.
When the ground finally arrived Dryden hit it with a hard thump and bent his knees into the force. He was on the edge of a field, no sign of the enemy or life.
He was still, he concentrated his eyes on the shadows, his scent on the wind and he listened.
He was safe.
In a blink of an eye he had gathered up the chute and was running in the direction Nicole had landed.





Chapter 24
France

The two Frenchmen lay on their fronts watching the dark trees swaying as the wind stretched its cold fingers into their depths and grabbed at their branches. They had seen the tiny parachute plummet into the treetops like a shot bird hitting tall grass. Neither held out much hope for the British agent at the end of such a fatally fast fall. But they were there for the night, for a rendezvous with two British agents, so would keep their silent vigil and wait for the second man until dawn. At first light, they would trek back into town with their bag of wild mushrooms, their cover story should the Germans question such early hours outside of the town limits.
Bruno was desperate for a cigarette and shifted his aching muscular frame uncomfortably. Pascal, the younger of the two men by about a decade was as still as death, the binoculars he held scanned slowly across the landscape as he searched for the other parachute drop, or worse yet, the enemy.
His fears were answered by the distant bark of German search party dogs. Bruno's fidgeting ceased and he raised his own binoculars.
Far to their left they saw a row of torches leading the pack of hunters through the forest, their bright beams cutting through the trees to show the shadowy stretched skeleton of the dark wood. As they advanced the barking grew louder and more desperate. The dogs had the scent and wanted free of their leads to race into the night after their prey.
Bruno whispered under his breath.
"If he’s not dead already, he is now."
Pascal snapped back with one quick word.
"Silence."
The torches stopped. 
There were a few distant calls of command and then the barking grew into a thunder of ravenous charging hounds. The torches lit the silhouettes of the animals, making them giants as they tore through undergrowth and night toward the kill.
They heard the first animal reach its target with a growl as it latched onto flesh. The Frenchmen knew it would be a sinister death and both whispered a silent prayer for the fallen. More of the animals arrived and one by one, their barks ceased. Then there was silence followed by a final whimper. The men looked at each other questioning the silence. They looked back through their binoculars and scanned the darkness. There was no sound from the dogs. The torches of the German squad had begun to move around in arcs, searching. 
And then slowly the torches began to retreat. There was a shout from the German line and one of the torches span around wildly, the other lights shone over to it and crossed in a mess of light. When they returned to face forward, there was a dark gap in the number.
The Frenchmen watched amazed as the remaining ten lights blinked off one by one in less than a minute as though some shadow had advanced up their line swallowing each man into darkness. Finally, just one torch remained lit. The holder was screaming into the darkness for mercy and firing his pistol blindly in every direction. The shadow had left the officer to last and his screams rang out unanswered through the darkness until his voice was ripped from him with a guttural shriek. They saw the torch lying half buried in the deathly silent forest. A figure walked in front of it and cast a long shadow through the trees. They saw the shadow stoop down and pick up the torch before finally switching it off and disappearing into darkness.
 Pascal spoke, now completely unperturbed by any thoughts of discovery by Germans.
“God in heaven. What devils have they sent us?”
Bruno answered.
“Whoever he is, I hope he likes my cooking.”
The figure emerged from the shadows of the trees at the foot of the hill and trudged up in a straight line directly towards them.
Both men sank lower into their hide.
“He’s coming straight toward us.”
Pascal shook his head.
“Blind luck, there’s no way he knows we’re here.”
Then the figure raised a hand at them in a gesture of peace.
They stood slowly from their carefully constructed bed of branches and leaves and waved back awkwardly at the force they’d just seen slaughter an entire German squad and a dozen vicious attack dogs.
“Either of you guys got a light?”
The voice behind them made both men leap back and into defensive stances, fear filled their eyes as Bruno stumbled and fell back into the foliage that had been their shelter. Pascal grabbed a gnarled stick from the ground he’d identified as a weapon earlier in the evening.
The man raised both hands defensively.
“Hey, sorry if I startled you. I come in peace.”
“Ca alors! C’est fou!”
Bruno floundered in the tangle of bushes while Pascal caught his breath and eyed the man who’d somehow crept right up to a mere step behind them.
Dryden reached out a hand.
“The name’s Dryden Black. I believe we’re here to meet you.”
Pascal took a couple more breaths and stood up to his full height. Taller than Dryden but thinner and just as pale. The Frenchman dropped the cudgel and put out a hand to meet Dryden’s.
“Welcome to France Monsieur Black. I am Pascal. This is Bruno.”
The older man brushed himself off as he found his feet. He rubbed some leaves off his stubbly beard and shook Dryden’s hand.
“You move very silently Monsieur.”
Dryden smiled, the unlit cigarette between his teeth.
“Thanks. It used to be part of my evening job. How about that light?”
Bruno pulled a box of matches from his pocket and sparked one in his cupped hands.
Dryden drew in the smoke and felt his head spin. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the rush for a moment, he’d grown used to the new sensation cigarettes and drink brought to his changed physiology. And while he knew he’d never be able to drink anyone under the table again, he was growing used to the idea of being able to get stinking on just a few shots of whisky.
His eyes were still closed when the slap knocked his head hard to the side and sent the cigarette flying from his lips.
He opened his eyes and saw the pale vision of death that was Nicole De La Roche. Her face was streaked in the blood of her victims and the arms of her jacket were ripped and pocked with bite marks.
“No smoking. You’ll bring more Germans.”
Dryden rubbed his jaw.
“Well you dealt with the last lot easy enough.”
She walked on past him and the Frenchmen began to follow.
“I have no problem killing Germans but if I have to kill another innocent dog I’ll be extremely bloody annoyed.”
Dryden laughed. And leaned over to Bruno.
“Little girls just love their puppies don’t they?”
Dryden followed on and left the Frenchmen aghast at this squabbling couple who had landed in the middle of their war.
He spoke after her.
"Look, I'm sorry I pushed you out of the plane."
Behind them, Bruno shook his head.
“And our last hope is England?”





Chapter 25

The moon was high overhead by the time they reached an orchard on the outskirts of the village. Across the valley behind, they saw German vehicles moving towards the forest, they would be more preoccupied with finding their own squad now than the parachutists, so the group had a small window to find sanctuary and plan the next phase of their infiltration.
They stayed low as they crept through the thin rows of apple trees behind the church. Somewhere in the night a baby cried and the weather vane on the church creaked. An icy wind crept past them in silence.
Pascal led the way, his stealth and silence matched only by the two British agents. Bruno's strong frame meant that he wasn't so light on his feet, so took up the rear of their small column. When they reached the line of the trees they were left with just a small patch of fallow ground between them and the churchyard, then the unlit rows of houses.
Nicole moved forward to the silent Frenchman.
She whispered.
"What are we waiting for?"
"I need to make sure the way is clear."
Nicole closed her eyes and listened hard. She heard the breathing of the two Frenchmen, she heard their rapidly drumming hearts. She heard the slow crush of Dryden's heart forcing his thick blood through his veins and she heard a young mother humming softly to her baby in one of the houses beyond the grounds of the church.
"There's nothing of danger here. Let's go."
She stood and walked ahead, Dryden stood, brushed off the green dust from the apple trees and followed her across the field.
Pascal and Bruno hurried after them and took the lead darting into a stairway that led under the church.
Dryden smiled.
"The crypt? How apt."
Pascal bent down and put a large rusted key in the lock of the small wooden door. it creaked open and the Frenchmen winced with the noise, glancing around nervously at the shadows of every door, tree and lintel of the village.
When there was enough room to squeeze through Pascal led them in pulling them through before shutting the door tightly and locking it again.
Dryden and Nicole quickly took in the room despite its cold darkness whilst Bruno stumbled through the gloom to find the storm lamp set on an alter on the wall to his right. they watched the larger Frenchman feel his way along the wall before he found it and then fumble with the lid before striking a match and lighting the wick.
As the soft glow found its way around them it also lit up his face, he smiled.
"I am sorry to leave you in the darkness for so much time."
Pascal had bolted the door whilst his friend lit the lamp and was now removing his hat to reveal black closely cropped hair, then his scarf and coat. Beneath the coat, he was dressed from top to toe in black and nearly disappeared against the shadows, but for his pale gaunt face and the small square of white that marked him as...
"A Priest?"
Nicole's hand went for her gun. Dryden saw and quickly stepped forward.
"Pleased to meet you father. Thanks very much for picking us up out there."
Dryden put his hand out and the Priest looked into his dark eyes for a moment, before uneasily stretching out a hand.
"You are welcome. But do not feel you need an invitation."
Dryden noticed the muscles in the tall, thin Priest's jaws clench as he turned and walked away through the crypt, heading for a flight of stairs. Bruno stretched the lamp out to light their way.
"Are you a Priest too?"
Asked Nicole, her eyes narrowed to read the face of the man behind the light.
"Mais non! I like the taste of life and love too much for that. Pascal took me in when I left Paris. The old city used to have a rat problem, now there are other vermin that overrun it."
Dryden nodded and followed the Priest.
"Well, we're here to find a pretty ugly nest of them, so let's see how we can help each other out."
Bruno nodded enthusiastically.
"Victoire my friend.
"That's right. all in it together ain't that it Nicole?"
He grinned back at her as she took her hand off the DeLisle's handle before she cautiously followed Dryden up the stairs after the Priest.
The stairs led up and through to a curtained hall that must have been designed to shield the flock from the musk and decay of the old crypt then into a small vestibule furnished with a table and four chairs, two wooden beds and on the other side of the space, a couple of small camp beds and a little wood burning stove next to a sink. The table was moderately decorated with a red checked tablecloth and in the middle sat a dusty bottle of wine and four short glasses.
Bruno motioned them to the table.
"Here we are, please sit my friends."
He pulled the seat out for Dryden who unsheathed his Brownings and dropped them on the table before sinking heavily into the seat and grabbing the bottle of wine.
"You got a bottle opener Padre?"
The Priest moved silently to take a corkscrew from a shelf over the sink and handed it to Dryden.
"Please call me Pascal. I am the Priest of this church and this is our gravedigger, Bruno."
Dryden turned the corkscrew into the bottle as Bruno dropped his coat onto one of the beds and sat down opposite him, setting out the glasses.
"Well I'm Dryden Black, formerly of the great city of New York by way of the RAF. This young lady behind me is Nicole De...."
"There's no need for full names."
She cut in.
"The less these gentlemen know about us the better. For their own sakes as well as ours."
Dryden shook his head as he poured a glass for Bruno.
"I always thought the one thing you could give a stranger was your name."
Pascal watched her from across the room and while Dryden and the older Frenchman raised a toast to the death of Germans the Priest held the gaze of the woman in black he'd witnessed slaughtering a squadron of hardened soldier. He felt for the crucifix on the thick chain around his neck and touched the center.
Nicole kept his cold stare and didn't move from the door.
Finally, the Priest glanced down at his stove and the large pot that sat on it.
"Perhaps you are hungry... I have some Cassoulet. Though it has a lot of garlic."
Nicole nodded.
"That's fine."
An hour later the room was warm from the heat of the stove and an empty pot of soup stood in the sink surrounded by stacked plates and two empty bottles of wine. Dryden and Bruno were smoking and had filled their glasses with a dark cognac that Bruno claimed a friend had made in his old pigeon loft. Nicole was silent, she'd managed half of her soup and it had burned like drinking battery acid, but she didn't want to let this French Priest see any weakness.
When offered the soup Dryden had simply waved it away and poured another glass of wine before declaring that he had his own flask he'd settle for. Unwilling to raise any suspicions she'd watched as he staggered over to his pack and downed a flask of concentrated red liquid that had the unmistakable coppery scent of blood. Before returning to the table with the red marks dripping down either side of his mouth slowly disappearing into the red lines of hair and declaring that it had really "hit the spot!"
The Priest hadn't joined them and instead sat on his bed reading a small bible, letting his rosary beads fall through his fingers one by one as he mouthed the passages to himself.
Dryden had been regaling Bruno with stories from the prohibition for most of the two bottles of wine. The Frenchman had an unrelenting interest in American gangster films and pointed out the posters over his bed of James Cagney in Public Enemy and Edward G Robinson in Little Caesar before Dryden began on the stories of the real men behind the legends. Finally, he'd managed to break into the unrelenting questions and ask the Frenchman his own.
"So Bruno, you know enough of my stories, tell me what you did in Paris before the war."
The Frenchman poured another glass of the fiery cognac, topped up Dryden and sipped, his face involuntarily wincing with the strength.
"I was a fighter. And I taught others to fight."
He pointed to a poster above the sink. It was yellow and faded, but had been framed and the glass looked like it was regularly polished with pride.
"There. That was my boxing gym, and a full billing of my boys when they fought at the Palais des Halles in nineteen and thirty-four. Top of my billing was L'Enfer. The unstoppable."
The words "L'Enfer were written in red in a gothic font, his opposition had merited only the same black as the rest of the card and even then only slightly larger writing than the second, third and fourth names.
"And there he is."
Bruno pointed from the poster over to Pascal, who continued to read from his bible.
Dryden turned around in his chair, suddenly interested in the quiet holy man.
"Were you a good fighter?"
Pascal did not answer, he continued reading and quickly shook his head to deflect the question.
Bruno answered for him with a wide sweep of his arms.
"In all my years I never saw a fighter like him. When I found him he was a street kid earning money in illegal Savate fights."
Dryden's brow furrowed at the description.
"What's that then?"
"Savate? Ah, you know nothing of the noble arts. It is French kickboxing. Much more skill than in English boxing, and more dangerous. So the fights are over more quickly. Not such a good show as the Marquis of Queensbury rules perhaps."
Dryden looked back over at the poster and the tall, thin Priest with his deep-set eyes focused on the book in his hands.
"Did he win that fight?"
Bruno looked over at the frame. Then leaned over to take another sip.
"It was his last, he never fought again."
Pascal snapped his bible shut and stood with fast silent grace.
"I'm going to check the doors."
With that he was past the two men at the table and slipping through the curtained-off door out into the church.
Nicole made her way over to the poster. She read the name of the man Pascal had fought.
"Jerome Bordier. Did Pascal kill him?"
Bruno coughed out some of his drink.
"Mon dieu no! He beat him bloody. He took his time and hurt the man. That is why L'Enfer stopped fighting. The guilt, he said. So he found his way to God, to Rome and then, when the war began he returned to France. The Germans had closed my school of boxing, I was penniless living in the sewers and tunnels beneath Paris and Pascal took me in. And now we are here. We listen, we wait and we help people who are fleeing the enemy."
He pushed his chair from the table and stood.
"Now I think I must go and piss. That was a good wine and meal.
Nicole waited until he had left the room through another curtained door, then looked down at the bible and smiled.
"So Pascal is the Joshuan."
She picked up the Priest's heavy rosary from the bed and let it dangle in her hand, the thick cross casting a large shadow on the wall behind her as it swung before the lamp.
"We need to watch that one Black. A natural sadist who found God and the Joshuans? He might be keeping a few cards close to his chest."






Chapter 26

Morning came and then afternoon went as they stayed quietly in the small room, the Priest only leaving to do his morning mass and confessionals. As Nicole grew restless Dryden toyed with a deck of cards and smoked Bruno's cigarettes.
"This isn't right, we should have moved out at first light. We should be on the road before the Germans start poking around here."
Dryden had already answered her fears a number of times that morning and gave his answer without looking up from his cards.
"Solitaire Nicole, also known as Patience."
He held up the cards.
"This game was invented for times like these. Learn from it. Wait until everything's just right. I'm sure the frog Priest knows what he's doing. He said the Germans would slow down their search in the afternoon as the reinforcements come on."
The door clicked open and Bruno entered. He carried two coat hangers with sets of clothes. A black pressed suit and a long, black, lace dress that buttoned tightly at the neck.
Nicole looked at it with disgust.
"I hope you're not going to ask me to wear that."
Dryden stood and took the dress from the large Frenchman, twirling it around as though in a waltz.
"You'll be the life and soul of the party in this frock."
Bruno looked hard at them both.
"Not the life and soul, you must be the corpses of the party."
Dryden stopped dancing.
Nicole stood, her hands clenching into fists.
Bruno laughed and handed the suit to Dryden.
An hour later, Pascal in vestment robes, led a group of local Frenchmen carrying two coffins out of the churchyard toward an idling blue Citroen truck in which Bruno sat in the driving seat in a black suit.
The town was buzzing with activity as German soldiers shared maps and coffee with a group of French police. Armored cars passed through the town sending sprays of mud into the small groups of gathered villagers who watched the commotion with interest.
Pascal read quietly from his bible as he led the procession to the truck. As he passed the gate he glanced to the side where a German Sergeant stood rolling a cigarette. The quick look did not go unnoticed and the Sergeant set his cigarette aside to follow the procession, shrugging his gun firmly onto his shoulder.
Pascal arrived at the truck and stood aside as one of the pallbearers unlatched the back of the flatbed.
The Sergeant sidled up to the Priest.
"Who's this then?"
Pascal folded his bible and answered solemnly.
"A young couple from Amiens. They were visiting here and unfortunately passed away last night."
The German's interest had attracted a couple more soldiers and a French police inspector who had been herding villagers away from the road with a stick. They moved over to surround the Priest but let his ageing group of pallbearers load up the two coffins.
The French policeman moved in close to Pascal and snapped up at him.
"Who were these people? Why was I not informed?"
Pascal kept his eyes low.
"Of course Sir, we did try to inform you last night but there was no one at the station."
Pascal looked to the German who had begun the questions hoping to sidestep the attentions of the French officer. He asked innocently.
"What happened? We heard a lot of commotion."
The German answered, eager to tell the story to the Priest. 
"A terrible attack. A platoon of British Commandos dropped in to the forests north of here and killed a squad of German soldiers. There must have been about thirty of them to have done what they did, but we'll find them."
Pascal nodded and smiled to himself, sometimes even a lapsed catholic could not help but confess everything to a man of god.
"I sincerely hope so sir, for the sake of our village, we cannot have killers roaming around the countryside."
The German nodded but the French policeman sensed a hidden barb and stepped up to the coffins.
"Open them. Immediately."
Pascal's face went pale.
"But sir. We don't yet know what they died of. There is no Doctor in the town since you arrested Dr Klein."
The small man shot a dark look at the Priest and then at the group of villagers who had crept in close to see the drama that was unfolding.
The inspector spoke sharply.
"Open it Priest."
Pascal's hand went to his crucifix for a second and then he leaned down to loosen the decorative latches on the side of the nearest coffin. 
He whispered a silent prayer, crossed himself and eased the coffin open a crack.
"Hurry up dammit."
The policeman pushed Pascal aside and heaved the coffin lid open.
Sunlight hit the still body inside with a blast and the German soldiers, French Priest and policeman leaned in over the man in the black suit to examine the body.
Dryden's arms were crossed on his front and a pair of coins had been placed over his eyes.
The German Sergeant who had started the whole interrogation shrugged.
"He looks dead to me."
The Frenchman sneered at Pascal.
"Only one way to know."
He leaned his head over Dryden's face and listened for breathing. The crowd hushed into complete silence as though listening in as well. He lifted his head and pushed himself up onto the coffin and put his head on Dryden's chest to listen for a heartbeat. Again, the assembled locals and soldiers listened in. Pascal clutched his bible so hard that his knuckles turned bone white.
Eventually the little man raised his head from the chest and put both hands on Dryden's neck to search for a pulse. The little Policeman lay still over the body of the tall man in the black suit, his hands wrapped around the neck and his head on the chest like a child asking to be cuddled. 
Finally an old woman sniggered and the quiet infection of laughter spread from villager to villager, even joined by a few of the Germans.
Pascal saw his escape.
"Inspector. I'm sorry to have to interrupt, but I really must bury this man."
The crowd erupted in laughter and the inspector leapt off the body in the coffin. His face red with angry embarrassment.
He spat a command at the crowd.
"Get out of here. Go home."
He turned to Pascal and poked him hard in the chest above his crucifix.
"Look after that cross Monsieur, it is the only thing that keeps you out of the camps."
Pascal nodded and closed the lid of the coffin.
"I know sir. I know."

A few miles down the road the truck pulled into a small copse of trees and Bruno leapt out and round to the back to open the lids of the coffins.
As Dryden sat up he caught the two coins in his open hand.
"These work better than the shades."
Bruno grinned as he undid the catches on Nicole's lid.
"You should have let us put a couple of dead cats in under you, the stench would have convinced the soldiers you were dead. But perhaps we are lucky that the gendarme doesn't know how to find a pulse. Ha!"
As he spoke he undid the last latch on Nicole's coffin and started to open I. But it flipped open violently.
Nicole sat upright, her face paler than normal and eyes wide with fear. 
"Are you alright?"
Dryden put his hand to her arm. She brushed it away as she stood, the long dress catching on the coffin as she struggled to maneuver her way out of it.
"For God's sake man, you just let them lock us into coffins. They could have done anything to us. Haven't you read any books?"
"I told you before. I saw the films and as I recall coffins are quite safe places."
"Not six foot under they aren't!"
She jumped down from the back of the truck. And pulled the lining from the foot of her coffin to reveal the hidden compartment that held her clothes and weapons. As she bundled them up her, mouth was tight with anger. Neither man spoke until she started towards the trees with her pile of clothes and guns.
Finally Bruno called after her.
"Mademoiselle, I may have a mixed past but you have my word, you can trust me."
She paused without turning around. Finally she whispered back to him in his direction.
"Thank you Monsieur. I hope we can."
Bruno smiled at Dryden, pleased with his ability to win her round. 
They watched her move into the bushes to change before turning to open Dryden's coffin base. Bruno turned and shouted again. 
"And of course you know you can trust Pascal, what sort of a person doesn't trust a Priest?"
From the bushes there was an angry roar of frustration and the loud crashing of wood.
Bruno looked across at Dryden.
"Something I said?"
Dryden didn't answer, Pascal appeared at the back of the truck, his face stern, gazing out at the sun as it drifted low towards the horizon.
"Just hurry up. We need to get some miles ahead of the German search party before dark."
They drove on in silence, bracing themselves against the rattling pace. The cramped truck took them over the winding country lanes of northern France. Bruno slept and snored, Pascal drove, his eyes intently focused on the road ahead or behind through the mirrors, he let nothing else distract him, nothing but the sun as it dipped lower in the sky.
Nicole took bearings on a small notepad map she kept in her top pocket and marked their journey in red pencil. Dryden tried to enjoy the countryside but found the heavy weight of distrust that hung in the air between Nicole and the Priest hard to ignore.
Finally they came to the outskirts of Amiens, Pascal turned his dipped headlights on just as they passed the unmanned checkpoint that marked the outskirts of the city.
Nicole saw the sign before Dryden.
"Amiens? Isn't that where you told the Inspector the dead couple were from?"
Pascal turned his head to his passenger for the first time in two hours.
"It is, yes. And if they had any suspicions or need to track us down, this is the last place they would look. They would assume a Priest would tell an obvious lie to lead them away, in the opposite direction. So if they are after us, they ought to be on their way to Rouen right now."
They wound their way through the close, dark, cobbled streets of the oldest quarter of Amiens, briefly sighting the canals that lead onto the Somme river to carry barges loaded with wares to the English Channel, or La Manche as the French knew it.
Nicole ceased tracking their route and simply marked an X on Amiens next to their time of arrival. Bruno was also now back in their company, the slower and more gentle pace of the drive through the city having roused him.
He yawned and stretched his neck with the sound of a few cracks.
"We must be nearly there."
Pascal answered with a nod.
Nicole leaned in to the silent driving Priest.
"And can we ask where 'there' is?"
The Priest didn't look at her, his gaunt cheeks clenched.
"It is here."
He pointed forward and the car lights lit up the end of the small cobbled street they had descended. The cobbles opened out to a wide square and the headlights' glow stretched across the expanse. Slowly their arc rose and lit up the facade of a gigantic building, a gothic fascia of carved gargoyles, saints and sinners, soaring buttresses and majestic arches. The largest cathedral in France. It stood before them like a sentry, daring any human to defy the power of the church.
Dryden watched the others crane their necks to see the top of the giant building.
"Is this what passes for a skyscraper in France?"
Bruno answered.
"You will be safe here. And perhaps they will open some of the communion wine. Communion wine at the cathedrals is always the best."
Dryden smiled.
"I'm starting to enjoy my tour of French churches."
Pascal pulled up at the back of the giant building and killed the engine. He jumped out without a word and sped to the back door. He paused before it and they watched the door open by a few inches. Words were exchanged between the Priest and a figure in the shadows of the door before it slid open and the figure darted inside and out of site.
Pascal waved them toward him and wordlessly they all moved from the truck towards the entrance. Bruno was the first through and sped down the dark corridor to where another door had been left ajar. He looked back at Pascal who was locking the outer door, Pascal nodded and Bruno disappeared down some stairs closely followed by Dryden.
Nicole stopped, she could feel the cold dead air from the lower level and waited for the Priest to come level with her.
"You're putting us in the crypt."
Pascal nodded. 
"We will be comfortable. But we must abide by the wishes of this church, it is very old. And the old rules are the most sacred."
Nicole stood to her full height.
"Monsieur, I don't trust you, and you clearly detest us. But for the duration of this mission we are allies and I think it's time you were honest. I want to know where we're going. How you found them. And exactly how you plan to help us in the final execution of this mission."
Pascal's shoulders relaxed.
"Very well. I will tell you everything I know. But the final aims of the Church are something I beyond my level. I have no idea how they imagine a rural Priest and his old boxing tutor can hope to fight the numbers of demons the Germans have created."
"What numbers. How many?"
Pascal breathed deeply. 
"They are too many for you. Come down and I will tell you."
She followed the Priest down into the darkness of the Cathedral crypt.





Chapter 27

The crypt was indeed a lot more comfortable than any of them had expected. Whoever staffed the church had laid out mattresses and quilts between two large tombs on which the statues of long dead knights rested, their hands in prayer and eyes closed in eternal faith. Under the blankets, freshly filled hot water bottles had been placed to heat the layers and a hamper of bread, cheeses and cold meats had also been prepared. 
To Bruno's delight a bottle of wine and one of Pastis had been carefully wrapped in the basket.
They sat on their beds in a square around the solitary storm lamp that been lit in advance to guide them to their resting place. 
They had seen and heard nothing from the churchmen, but accepted that it was a prudent decision by the workers of Amiens Cathedral. The Nazis could get information from people as effectively as the Church's own inquisition. And no one fears torture more than an experienced torturer.
They ate the meal in silence, Nicole and Dryden sharing their final flask of fluid away from the light.
She whispered to him as he washed it down with a large glass of wine.
"That ought to see us through another twenty-four hours but we need to find a compliant animal after that. Pig preferably."
Dryden looked at her with mild disgust.
"You want us to jump a pig?"
"Have you got any better suggestions?"
"Couldn't we visit a butcher and just buy a few pints?"
She leaned back and carefully wiped her mouth with a corner of napkin.
"Blood congeals, it dies quickly. And so will we if we don't drink and refresh our own."
They returned to the light, where Pascal was finishing his own meal. He wiped his knife clean of the last smears of Camembert and dropped it back into the hamper with a small clatter.
"Alright. Now you may ask and I will answer."
Nicole sat with her legs folded under her to straighten her back.
"Tell me everything."
He stared back at her, his eyes shadows.
"Let's just start with this mission."
"Alright. How did you find them? And where the hell are they?"
He spoke in hushed tones and all three listened intently.
"We have many ears and eyes, and of course, the whispers of the flock. The first reports were of buses full of Jews travelling through villages by night. Nothing so strange we thought at first, the Nazis have been moving Jews across Europe for months now. But these groups were different. They were all women. All young and seemingly much healthier than you would expect of a people being starved as prisoners in their own homes. No these women arrived at one village in particular, and they never left. They would be taken to the castle on the mountain above, under strict guard. And from there, that was the last anyone ever saw of them."
Nicole pulled her map notepad from her pocket.
"But there is more. Other reports have found that a few of the Doctors in the area are transfusing blood from patients to give to the German hospitals... For their war effort. That might not seem too strange, except for the fact that the Doctors are handsomely paid and told not to keep any records. We found out through a couple of very conscientious and faithful nurses."
"Where is this castle?"
Pascal leaned back out of the light of the lamp.
"Burg Ost."
Nicole quickly searched through her notebook. She flipped further and further back in the book and checked the index until finally stopping.
"I can't find it. Why?"
Pascal breathed deeply before answering.
"Because it is one hundred kilometers behind the German border. And to get there we need to get through Belgium. All the Doctors, all the blood and all the Jewish girls, are from Belgium."
Dryden was stunned.
"Jesus!"
Pascal shot him a glare.
"Please do not use the lord's name in vain here!"
Nicole set down her notepad.
"That's at the very limit of our total range. Even if we do identify the target, the extraction team won't be able to get us out. It's a suicide mission and you knew it all along didn't you?
So the Joshuans will get rid of all their enemies in one stroke."
There was silence.
Nicole glared at the Priest and Dryden's head sank low.
The silence echoed with emptiness and the only sounds in the darkness were the flutter of the oil lamp, the breathing of the two churchmen and lower behind it all, their heartbeats. Pascal's slow and steady, Bruno's quickening and the two British vampires' a dull squeeze of thick blood through toughened arteries and capillaries.
Finally Bruno broke the silent darkness.
"Who are the Joshuans?"
The Priest looked up at the British agents from under arched eyebrows.
"It is of no consequence mon frère."
Nicole glanced at the larger, older man.
"Oh, I'm not so sure. Shouldn't your friend know exactly whose orders he's under and what they've been responsible for over the past seven hundred years? Burnings, tortures, flaying, assassinations, decimations and witch hunts?"
Pascal stood up and was matched in lightning speed by the flame haired woman.
Dryden snapped.
"Enough! That's enough damn it! Sit back down both of you."
Slowly they settled back into their places, eyes locked.
Dryden continued.
"Bruno my friend, the Joshuans are a gang, only this collection of killers is exclusively for Priests. Nicole and I represent another gang of killers and ours is based in Westminster. We're in this together to kill some much more evil bastards. It's that simple."
They all watched him as he sighed and lay down on his mattress.
"Now, everyone get some sleep. Looks like we're going to Germany tomorrow."





Chapter 28

The train from Amiens was quiet. Very few heads had turned as the party boarded. To most eyes, two young Priests, a Sister of the benevolent mercy hospital at Amiens cathedral and their gnarled servant were no extraordinary sight. Apart from the dark glasses, but many Priests were known to grow too accustomed to the shadows of their cloisters and while it was a very cold morning, it was also bright.
The clothes and matching forged passports had been left by the door in four leather cases, they dressed and read through their travel documents in determined silence before making the short walk to the station and onto their train. Their truck had already vanished into the night and into the depths of the French resistance network.
As they watched the countryside glide by, a gentle drift of snow began to fall across the green fields turning the brown tilled earth white, every color of the world slowly being erased.
Dryden shifted in his seat, now began what he knew as the "long con", the pretense of being a Priest didn't suit him, he'd never been to a church or synagogue for anything but deaths and marriages and in the business of New York those occasions were more about settling feuds than listening to the prattling of Priests. Unfortunately, the suggestion of being a corpse again didn't fit with the plan to get through Belgium. Dryden was the only one without any French so was playing the part of a Vatican envoy from New York.  
"How long before they come to check our papers?"
Pascal turned from the window.
"They won't bother until we get to the Belgian border. This is not a route anyone avoiding detection would take."
"And run me by the name of the office I'm supposed to work for again?"
"The office of Canonization investigations. You travel around Europe finding out about miracles attributed to the deceased. We are going to a village outside Brussels to look into a series of miracles attributed to a dead Sister of the order of the Benevolent Mercy, hence our accompanying Sister."
He pointed towards Nicole. She wore a tight wimple and black hood, it made her pale skin look bone white.
"Don't worry friend."
Bruno leaned forward.
"The Germans love Americans still. As long as their soldiers freeze and die in Russia Germany will never harm an American citizen, nobody wants to force them into choosing a side."
Dryden sat back. He was satisfied so tried to relax by watching the countryside being slowly covered by the white drift.

The next hour passed without event, the Frenchmen ate a lunch of bread and cheese, Dryden and Nicole declined. But the thought of food made Dryden feel weak, he wondered how long it would be before they had to drink. He caught Nicole's eyes furtively glance at the food and knew she was feeling the same pangs of hunger, it was probably why she seemed paler and more gaunt. As they passed through a tunnel he took the opportunity to look at his own reflection in the window. He couldn't see his color but noticed his cheeks seemed tighter, he smiled to inspect his teeth and saw that the gums had receded.
As the train exited the tunnel its speed shifted down and slowed noticeably.
Bruno mumbled through a mouthful of bread and Brie.
"Border must be near."
The train pulled up in dense woodland and a row of ten German soldiers came into view alongside.
Pascal sat up straight and brushed down his black coat.
"Nothing to worry about, they're the border check, they ride with us to the first station checking papers and then take the next train south to do the same. Just remember your part."
Nicole removed her glasses and Dryden followed, tucking his in his top pocket.
They watched the German soldiers spread out along the length of the train in pairs, taking a carriage each. A door slammed as they climbed aboard and then the call began in German.
"Papers!"
They entered another compartment and again the order was called. This time translated into French.
"Papers please, now.
A pause. Then another compartment
Finally the figures appeared at their own door and it swung open with force.
"Papers."
Nicole, Pascal and Bruno handed over their identifications tickets and Vatican orders of passage to the first soldier, a tall brown haired youth of about twenty. The soldier gave a cursory glance. Clearly his French and Italian weren't as convincing as the gun slung over his shoulder.
He handed back the bundle of papers to Pascal and turned to Dryden.
Dryden's dark eyes met the young soldier's for a moment. Nicole tensed and the soldier behind him leaned forward to see the Priest who was holding the stare of a soldier of the Reich.
Dryden sensed he'd taken control of the situation and smiled.
"Do you mean my travel documents? Why of course."
He took his forged Vatican ID from his inside pocket and held it out. As the uniformed man took the folded, stamped sheet he smiled.
"You are American?"
"That's right."
The soldier turned to his compatriot. And pointed back at Dryden.
"Amerikaner."
They both nodded and smiled as the soldier handed Dryden's papers back without a glance.
"You are welcome in the Reich, Father. My friend Jorg and I, we like your American films. Especially the Universal pictures... the horrors."
The other soldier, Jorg, smiled a wide mouth of brick-like teeth.
Dryden laughed. 
"Yes, vampires and werewolves. Personally as a Priest... I prefer the movies with spies and gangsters."
Dryden grinned over at Nicole as he emphasized the last word.
The German stiffened.
"The gum chewing gangster. It is the worst thing about your country. They are all just Jews, Irish and Latins... The worst thieves of Europe."
Dryden noticed Nicole scowling and her fists tighten, the spring of her anger was coiling. 
He looked up at the young German's furrowed brow and added with cheerful ignorance.
"And of course all the nice musicals, like The Wizard of Oz."
He nodded at Nicole.
"What do you think Sister? You' prefer wicked witches to gum chewing gangsters don't you?"
She forced a demure smile and nodded while the soldier translated for his friend Jorg and they laughed.
Jorg whispered in German and they both sniggered, the soldier explained.
"My friend he says that perhaps the musicals will keep Americans out of the war. Too busy dancing with the cheek to cheek."
Dryden smiled and lazily fumbled a sign of the cross.
"Here's hoping Fred and Ginger keep everyone at home dancing."
The soldier nodded and made a sharp bow.
"Thank you sir. Good day."
The soldiers took their leave and moved on to the next compartment. Nicole's icy stare returned to Dryden. Who leaned back looking at his travel papers.
"Well I think I'm a pretty convincing American Priest. Most of them are drunk Irishmen you know."
She eased.
"Next time, try not to stare them out first please."
Dryden put his papers away.
"Hail Mary and all of that shit."
The train started off again and the soldiers moved forward through the carriages, Bruno guessed they were gathering in the buffet car to divide up whatever they'd requisitioned from the passengers.
After a while the forest along the track began to recede and a few small-hold farms appeared alongside.
Dryden saw Nicole staring out at the cattle in the snowy fields and wondered if she was thinking the same ravenous thoughts he held. But it made his stomach ache with tight cramps so he tried to concentrate instead on the next leg of their journey.
That next stage required them to drive through the night from Belgium south into Germany, travelling by back roads and with the headlights off. He would be driving. Dryden had argued that his night vision was superior to either Frenchman and they'd conceded his point, quickly remembering the arrival of the two British agents.
Soon the train started to slow and they passed the signals marking the outskirts of the first Belgian station, where the soldiers would alight to make their return journey leaving the train to travel unmolested, deeper into the Reich.
The carriage jolted as the engine sought its way across the points and into the station.
Grinding noisily to stop at the empty station, the steam of the engine breathed across the empty platform. Dryden looked out along the deserted concourse and saw just two people alighting, an old man and his wife. Probably local farmers who had to use the train to get to the nearest town back across the border in France.
A small boy walked along the windows with copies of French newspapers and held them up in exchange for a few coins.
“You guys want a French paper?”
Pascal shook his head.
“They are heavily censored, now they are just German propaganda.”
Dryden understood and was preparing to politely decline the boy’s offer. But then he saw the headline. With a sharpness that made them all sit up and take notice Dryden stood.
“Hey guys. I think I need a translator here.”
He pulled the window down
“Here! Boy.”
The Newsboy darted to the window holding his selection.
Dryden took the paper and scanned the front page, he only understood a couple of the words, but they were enough.
Bruno leaned over his shoulder.
“Mon Dieu! It’s wonderful.”
Pascal and Nicole both stood as the larger man turned.
“The Americans are joining the war. Japan attacked them and Hitler has declared war.”
Pascal and Nicole both grinned, but their joy was short-lived as Dryden spoke.
“Only problem is. We’re on a train full of Germans who now see the likes of me as the enemy.”
He handed the newspaper back out the window to the boy and sat back down, looking out at the gathering soldiers on the platform. Toward the end they were lighting cigarettes and stamping their feet against the cold. Dryden spied one of them break away from the group and look at the headline on the newspaper stand. He took it in and turned back up the length of the train. It was the second guard who'd questioned them. He turned to his fellow soldiers.
Dryden looked around at the other three. They were frozen in their seats.
“This is starting to look difficult.”
The train let out a puff of steam and groaned on its journey away from the station.
“We might just make it.”
He turned to look at the crowd of soldiers again, there were now two looking at the headline and another reading through a copy of the newspaper. One of the soldiers started along the platform toward the train. But it was increasing in speed. He jogged. Then ran.
“That’s it, we’re smoked. Grab your kit, if they decide to take us in we might have to make a jump for it and run for the woods.”
They grabbed their bags from the overhead racks and Nicole pulled open her coat to reveal a well arranged belt of ammunition and knives. She opened the case and pulled out her DeLisle, tossing the convent clothes and hidden bottom from the case onto the floor. Dryden followed and opened his own coat before pulling out his set of Brownings and tucking them into his belt, then the length of steel that was the Antique French bayonet in a sheath under Ns jacket that locked the blade to his back. He looked in the case at the sawn off shotgun and considered fitting it in his trousers too before tucking it under the seat instead.
Nicole loaded the DeLisle, pulled back the bolt and slung the gun over her shoulder, covering it with the long sleeves on her overcoat. She then slipped two more knives up her sleeves and strapped her commando knife to a sheath that also ran up her back.
“Ready?"
Dryden asked.
The other men were pale with fear.
“Okay, let me do the talking.”
Pascal and Bruno sat back down while Nicole piled the clothes and bags back onto the racks.
He looked out the window again to see that a few of the German soldiers were leaping back onto the train. It would be halted in seconds.
As the train slowed they heard the angry shouts of the soldiers echoing along the platform. Their own carriage now slammed to a halt almost the full length of the train beyond the end of the platform. The soldiers who hadn't jumped back on would be hindered by the steep snow covered slopes that ran along the tracks. Pascal looked out the window to see the larger force making their way along the length of the train.
"If we need to get out, we'll have to do it before the rest of them arrive."
Nicole looked up at the door and saw the shadows of guns.
"Too late."
The doors burst open and the soldier who had only minutes before been grinning like a schoolboy pointed his gun at Dryden,
"You! American! Up now."
Two more Germans arrived and stood by the door with their guns raised and ready to fire.
Dryden stood slowly, buttoning his coat as he rose. Keeping his hands at his side, he eyed the young trooper.
"I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not American. And this isn't the first time I've had a gun pointed at me."
The soldier gulped back his own fear.
"What do you mean?"
Dryden motioned to the rest of his party.
"You've seen our papers. We're envoys from Rome."
Pascal understood and added.
"As you no doubt know. The Vatican is a neutral state and recognized by your government as such."
Dryden broke back in before the soldier could speak.
"So while I might hail from the USA. I'm very much a neutral citizen, with all the correct papers to travel through Europe."
Dryden smiled broadly at the Germans.
The two at the rear didn't understand what was being said but eyed them all suspiciously. Soon the young interrogator lowered his weapon.
"This is correct. I apologize. You are indeed Vatican envoys. You, American Priest."
He nodded at Pascal.
"And you, a French Priest."
Then his eyes rested on Nicole.
"And you Madame. A Sister."
With a loud click, the soldier released the safety on his gun.
"But not him."
He trained the gun on Bruno.
"He's just a French citizen. How would you say in one of your films?"
He grinned and continued.
"In the wrong place at the wrong time."
Bruno stepped up toward the soldier with his fists clenched, but in an instant the Germans poured forward and hauled Bruno towards the door, one wrenching him by the collar, the other with an arm around his neck. Dryden made a move to intervene but Pascal stepped in his way as the Germans wrestled Bruno out of the cabin. The third guard stayed in place to make sure the rest of their party didn't attempt to follow. Nicole still and calm, clutched her silenced gun tightly under the coat. Dryden moved forward but was met with a submachine gun pointed in his face. 
"Let him go."
The soldier didn't answer.
They watched through the windows as Bruno was dragged off the train and thrown down into the snow toward a group of gathering soldiers. They threw him into the middle of their circle and hemmed him in. The Frenchman straightened and planted his feet solidly in the white ground, eyeing the solders with defiance, he clenched his fists and slowly raised them into an experienced fighting stance.
"One guy from Marseille against eight Nazis? That seems about fair."
In the carriage Dryden smiled at the defiance. Before whispering to Nicole.
"How are we doing this?"
She glanced back at the guard behind them.
"Not easily. We need to go back through the carriage and then get him out of a circle of pointed weapons."
She bit her lip and shook the gun under her coat.
"Christ, Dryden, I don't know. We have no element of surprise, no stealth, no..."
She stopped as they watched a German step quickly behind Bruno and smash him on the back of the head with the butt of his rifle.
Dryden
"Okay, this shit just got real. I'm going through."
He ripped his coat open and drew the pistols. Nicole followed, pulling the DeLisle free.
Behind them the German soldier gasped. Nicole turned and pointed her gun. The DeLisle coughed its silent burst and the soldier fell.
She turned again and nodded to Dryden.
"Ready when you are."
The Germans pressed in on the prone Frenchman and raised their guns, in a matter of seconds Bruno would be smashed to a pulp.
"Now."
Dryden raised his boot and Nicole followed.
A crash of glass, wood, bent metal and wild splinters flew at the crowded soldiers as the side of the carriage exploded out at them.
One of the soldiers felt the full force of the blast and flew with the carnage across Bruno and down the slope. The rest were stunned and turned slowly lowering their splinter-covered arms to see the two figures in black taking aim at them from the ruined side of the carriage.
With a blast of three muffled shots from the large silencer of the DeLisle Nicole felled the soldiers to the right. Dryden worked more slowly with a storm of shots from his browning pistols, emptying four shots into the bodies of the soldiers on his left one by one. Giving each one time to look him in the eye before the shots were fired and the bullets ripped through lungs and hearts.  As they stumbled and rolled back down the slope he jumped from the train and landed with a crunch. The last soldier stared at the furious Priest who had gunned down his compatriots. Dryden scowled.
"You were right not to like American gangsters."
The young guard retreated, fumbling to pull the long clip on his weapon around the webbing and ammunition pouches on his belt.
Dryden slid the empty guns back under his belt and marched at the German. He grabbed the young soldier by the lapels and lifted him easily.
"You. You are not a Priest."
Dryden grinned.
"Amen to that."
He loosed his grasp and let the German fall towards him, leaning back as he did before forcing his head forward in an unstoppable thrust, as though heading a ball into an empty net. His forehead met the German full in the face and destroyed him with a crunch and shatter of bone. There was only one winner in the collision and the German soldier's body flew back through the air with the lifelessness of a ruined sack.
Dryden's forehead was covered in the other man's blood and it flowed down across his face into his stubble. He licked his lips and felt a shudder as the ecstasy of the feed jolted his nerves and sent his mind into a rush of red mist.
Somewhere a voice was calling his name and telling him to get down. But Dryden was oblivious, his muscles stretched and pulsed, they wanted more, much more, a vein, a pulse, a throat.
Then he felt the burning pain of his own neck bursting open and was down.
The world came back into focus and the noises of battle filled his ears. He lay next to Bruno, who was forcing a scarf against the hole in his neck. Dryden reached up and held the rag in the holes in his own flesh. Around them the ground exploded as another volley of shots was fired from the soldiers gathered on the platform.
"Stay down! Stay low."
Nicole crouched in the train carriage swiftly poking her head out to check for the enemy. She called out at them.
"Bruno, I can't see them, how many are there?"
Bruno maneuvered himself around to see between two of the dead German soldiers. 
"Five. Two are lying on the platform, the others are staying low next to the train."
Nicole nodded.
"Alright. And how is he?"
Bruno lifted the scarf from Dryden's neck.
"Not much blood. The wound seems clean, bullet holes in and out just a few centimeters apart."
Dryden coughed to clear his throat and pain burned through him. He managed a whisper.
"There were more than that on the platform. There must be some coming up inside the train. Either way, we're getting some company."
Nicole loaded her gun with a fresh cartridge of bullets and clipped one round into the chamber.
She pulled the nun's wimple off over her head and shook out her blazing red hair before stepping out of the train. Landing with a soft thump, she stood straight, took aim and in a fraction of a second fired twice. Before her targets on the platform's heads had slumped down, she had found her final three targets, frozen at the edge of the train. She fired again three times in rapid succession and watched the soldiers fall. Five suppressed shots, five bullets to the head and there was silence.
Pascal climbed from the train with Dryden's shotgun and the few scraps of food they'd brought on the journey. He stuffed them in a backpack and pulled a map from the breast pocket of the nearest soldier.
"We must move."
Bruno helped Dryden to his feet. And Nicole shouldered her weapon as she leaned in to see the wound. Dryden pulled the scarf back.
"You'll live."
He coughed and his mouth filled with his own thick black blood.
"Thanks for the concern."
"Mr Black, at the moment, my only concern is to get as far away from a train station littered with German corpses as possible. Now if you'd like to get moving, there's a small chance that we might get away."
Pascal patted his friend on the shoulder.
"Your head alright?"
"Bruno grinned. I've had worse from women and wine, a German is not going to kill me."
He hoisted Dryden up and they walked toward the woods, Pascal in front, Nicole covering their rear. In seconds the forest had swallowed them up and the passengers on the train began to emerge creeping around the grim scene, eyes wide in equal parts with fear and fascination. Soon, they were followed out by the solitary remaining German soldier, he shuddered as he looked into the forest. Then turned and ran like a startled animal toward the telephone on the platform.





Chapter 29

It was late in the afternoon and the light had turned their world grey. Snow drifted gently through the gaps in the high pines to lay a gentle carpet across the forest floor around them. But the peace of the woodland gave no solace to the pursued.
The silence was broken by Dryden, who sat with his back to a tree looking at his own footprints.
"Bastard snow."
They had marched at pace for hours, and were all exhausted beyond their own experience.
Nicole stood a few meters away, her back to the others as she studied their tracks through the low light. She raised her head and closed her eyes to catch some of the gently creeping wind for a trace of their pursuers. She had first stopped every half hour but now the snow was thickening she made them stop every fifteen minutes. There was no chance of hiding their tracks, the snow found its way through even the densest parts of the forest and if they did find an untouched patch, it wasn't long before they had to cross another patch of white and crush the signature of their boots into it. It was clear to each of them, that it was no longer a matter of if, but when the German soldiers would catch up.
Dryden stood from his place by the tree and moved toward Nicole.
"Anything?"
She turned.
"Not yet. We've matched the average pace of a foot patrol so far, but there are parts of this wood they could have accessed by road to cut us off."
She looked at the black patch of encrusted blood around his neck and the two large holes.
"How's the neck?"
"I must look like a giant vampire got me."
She smiled and moved closer to look at the wounds.
"They won't heal while we're on the move. You need to sleep, and you need to feed."
"I was going to ask you about that. How long can we keep going?"
She turned and looked back at the tracks once more.
"The longer we go, the slower we'll get."
She closed her eyes and again concentrated her senses.
"And the closer they come."
Dryden felt his own senses sharpen around him, the thought of battle awoke a deep instinct. And it came to him in an instant of clarity.
"Then we should let them."
Nicole's eyes snapped open, a brilliant shining green.
"What?"
"It's getting dark, we're in deep cover and we're armed to the teeth. I think it's time to slow them down a bit."
She nodded.
"We fight, we survive."
They turned with renewed vigor back to the Frenchmen.
"Gentlemen, can you walk?"
They both nodded at Dryden.
"We have a plan. It's not a pretty one but it might just get us out of this alive."
Pascal rubbed his legs and stretched.
"And what is this plan?"
"You carry on ahead of us, we fight. We'll be able to pick them off on the flanks if you leave a clear trail. And none of them should get too near you."
Pascal looked at them suspiciously.
"You want us to be bait?"
Dryden grinned as he pulled the guns from his holsters.
"Hey buddy, you locked us in coffins."
Bruno shrugged as he stood.
Pascal helped him to his feet, his eyes looking from Dryden to Nicole under furrowed brows.
"Then keep heading south east, we will leave word at the first church. Tell them you are friends of the Hidden Saint."
He turned, then stopped and whispered two more words.
"Good luck."
The Frenchmen moved off through the undergrowth leaving a clear trail in the snow. Dryden and Nicole looked down at the prints. Nicole drew a breath.
"We should spread out and go in the opposite direction, as soon as it’s dark we converge. And with any luck, we'll meet in the middle."
Dryden nodded.
"Good luck Miss De La Roche."
"Good luck Mr Black, time to use that training."





Chapter 30

The two Frenchmen pressed on in silence. Bruno stumbled along beside the taller, leaner man who managed to move in his own near silence. They left traces with clear directions in every sixth or seventh patch of snow they came to. They had reasoned that they didn't want the Germans finding them too quickly or sensing a sudden lack of care in their trail.
There had been no other sounds in the woods for about an hour before the Frenchmen nodded to one another to pause. They settled in the hollow of the roots of a large tree and found a patch of frozen ground each that wasn't covered in snow. They looked back at their trail, the continued snowfall marked their track as far back into the descending gloom as they could see.
"We should eat."
Pascal whispered as he took the last of the scraps he'd salvaged from the train out of his jacket.
Bruno licked his lips and took the stale half of the remaining bread Pascal had broken off. He raised it to his mouth before pausing.
"Shouldn't we save some for the English?"
Pascal's eyes were dark.
"I think they are feeding now."
Bruno was confused.
"You think they abandoned us and found a farmhouse or something?"
Pascal bit the bread and shook his bowed head.
"No my friend. Not them."
"Then what? What do you know about them?"
Pascal chewed the bread and thought for a moment. His friend had seen this deep contemplation on the Priest's face before. Usually at the worst of times, by a child's graveside or the bed of a dying man. He waited.
"You remember my last fight in Paris?"
Bruno smiled triumphantly.
"Of course, a great victory! We were the toast of French boxing.
"We were."
Bruno sat back and sighed.
"But you retired. So close to a world title fight, perhaps even against Max Baer that big lumbering bastard, you would have shown the world the art of a Savateur."
The energy was gone from Bruno as he sat back against the gnarled roots. He looked at his hands, filthy, scratched and calloused from years of toil in the graveyard of a tiny rural church. When once they had been so close to the trip across the Atlantic and the bright lights of Madison Square Garden. Now they found themselves running for their lives, their country and old lives already lost.
"Why did you stop fighting Pascal? We were so close."
The Priest stood and turned from his old friend and mentor.
"I still fight. But for a higher cause."
Bruno sighed. Still no answer to the question he'd asked a hundred times. Still just the same nobler call of duty speech.
But for the first time since he'd asked the question, for the first time in years, Pascal told a different story.
"That night. The night of that last fight. I felt something in the fight I'd always known was there but ignored. It was joy. A deep pleasure in the violence."
Bruno was about to break in but Pascal continued.
"It wasn't normal. It wasn't the rush that a sportsman or a warrior might take from victory. I wanted to hurt him, I enjoyed his pain more than the victory, I enjoyed watching his family cry as they carried him from the arena. I went to Montmartre that night. My first plan was to find a young whore to take out my lust and violence on. But instead I found my way into the Church on the hill. There was a Priest there and we spoke. He didn't bore me with chapter and verse. We spoke of violence. We spoke of the tortures Christ suffered, the agonies of the saints, the burning of Joan, the arrows in St Sebastian. And finally he told me of one more saint. One I'd never heard of. The Hidden one... Joshua."
"The one they spoke of in the crypt?"
"Yes, he is also known as The Unsainted. The Hidden Saint, The Faceless One. He has many names. But he is unique among the Saints. His order is made up of the most uniquely, naturally skilled in the Priesthood. And that night, I was invited to join."
He cracked his knuckles and stretched his back as Bruno took it in.
"I remember you came to the gym that morning for your things. You left a note, we were all in bed still drunk from the celebrations. You were gone before dawn."
"To Rome. I travelled with the Priest from Montmartre and he tested me further.   It was five months before we finally reached the Vatican City. On the way he laid out the most challenging trials I have ever faced, each with a real possibility of failure and death. It was the Joshuan journey to salvation. Five months of torture, humiliation, analysis and tests of faith too gruesome to describe."
The Priest heaved a sigh.
"Finally they had traced and identified my demons. And they exorcised me."
Bruno sat up, shocked.
"You were possessed?"
Pascal's dark eyes showed no emotion.
"I was a born killer. A sadist, directionless and damned. But the Joshuans saved my soul and taught me the way of the greatest order under God. When I came to the holy city I was taken to the walled hospital of St Anthony."
Bruno nodded.
"The Saint of gravediggers."
"Yes and infectious diseases. It seems a natural combination for a Saint from so early in the church's history as he was one of the first to identify our oldest and most evil enemy. 
The Hospital is sealed off from the rest of the city, it has been since the time of the Borgias. The outer wall is thirty meters high and has only one door, barred from the outside, it can be opened only from the outside. It is a horrific place, you could imagine nothing like it."
"But a hospital?"
"Yes, a hospital for the diseases of the devil. Where do you think they put the Priests who kill or rape? Or the possessed who cannot be exorcised? Or the monks who prey on children in their care? The hospital. That's where. 
The hospital walls are high enough to hide any shame and to hold any demons. And deep in the ground there is a part of the hospital where the monsters that walk by night are held. The demons the Joshuan order is sworn to fight and has been battling every night for millennia. 
They are things you will know only from bedtime stories, cheap novels and Hollywood films. But they are real. And those two English are the worst kind of all.... that's why they terrify me."
Bruno smiled and pulled himself up to stand, leaning on the fallen tree.
"Come my friend, they are just English agents."
Pascal snapped.
"No! They are Vampyr!"
Bruno was shocked at the sharp tone and then let half a smile break.
"Dear Pascal, has the church really made you believe in such things? I can accept angels and miracles, but vampires too?"
Pascal didn't return the smile, but stood quickly and started to walk before pausing.
"You saw what she did to the German patrol in the woods the night they arrived. And you'll see again what they can do. We walk hand in hand with the devil's own this night."





Chapter 31

Night fell quickly and the moon cast a clouded glow through the trees. Nicole waited high in the branches of an oak tree, her DeLisle cradled in her arms. Her senses were trained on the approaching line of soldiers she had scented quarter of an hour before. They were undoubtedly German, the mix of pork and cabbage from their dinner the night before clung to their skin. The group also consisted of other nationalities, she could make out Frenchmen from their own dining habits and the shroud of Gauloises tobacco, there were also two others from further east, Hungarians perhaps. This could only mean that the men pursuing them were not a locally conscripted German army unit, but a national selection unit from across the Reich, accompanied by French guides. She slowed her breathing and concentrated her listening harder, for the conclusion she'd had to draw terrified her. The elite of the German army, the SS where on their trail.

Dryden couldn't hear, see or smell anyone nearby. He felt weak and every step was a strain as he lifted heavy limbs through thickening snow and over hard ground. He sat on a log and considered his situation. Had he gone too far to catch the line of pursuers, were they being followed at all? Where the hell could he get a pint of blood and a whisky chaser? He touched the holes on his neck, they still seeped, but more slowly now. 
To hell with it. I'll have a cigarette, it might help me think.

Pascal and Bruno kept their pace steady. They hadn't spoken for hours. Bruno was still shocked at the extent to which his old protégé had been indoctrinated by the church into believing such fairy tales. 
They both listened closely for the inevitable pursuers and squinted their eyes into the darkness ahead, but saw nothing but shadows.

Nicole tensed as she watched the figures emerge from the trees. The first few displayed the clumsiness of French conscripts. But the next man she sighted was slower and more deliberate in his movement. He let the Frenchmen lead and followed their tracks. He knew how to avoid detection and how to avoid a landmine. The next she saw took her by surprise as he’d made it almost as far as the French trail leaders before she spotted him.
She breathed deeply to refocus her thoughts. She had to know their numbers, their positions and their strengths before she could act. And her eyes were letting her down.
It’s the hunger. It must be the hunger. Focus La Roche. Focus, on the numbers and kill these ba…
Her eyes blinked open.
Oil fumes. Why do I smell oil fumes?

Dryden knocked his cigarette on the packet twice and put it between his lips. He unbuttoned his top pocket and drew out his brass zippo. He looked at the lighter for a moment and saw its dents and scratches reflected in the moonlight. An old friend, he’s won it in a card game when he was a kid.
He flicked the flint-wheel and a blast of sparks hit the lighter’s wick, its tall flame rose sharply. He raised the light to his cigarette and inhaled. The taste barely had time to register when, everywhere around him, all hell broke loose and a torrent of bullets ripped into him from every angle.

Nicole gasped as the silence and darkness of the night was torn apart by the flash and scream of German gunfire. She instinctively turned towards the noise. That was the moment she dropped the DeLisle. The semi-automatic pistol and its long silenced barrel toppled through the branches and landed with a thump at the feet of the first Frenchman.
She looked down and saw his eyes staring up at the ghostly woman in black who clung to the branches. He didn't speak, but behind him a more alert soldier was already reacting, there was a click and a flash as the SS soldier crouching a few feet behind the French conscript ignited his flamethrower. The Frenchman only had time to turn as the blast of fire gushed out to consume him before following a devastating line up the trunk of the tree toward its true target, the woman in the tree.
Nicole leapt without thinking. She flung herself with all her might up and through the canopy of the tree, her hair and skin tore against the branches as she twisted awkwardly free, out and over the burst of fire. She landed badly, with a scream of pain, but directly behind her attacker. 
He turned his head to see the woman rise, her hair was a wild matted tangle of blood and twigs over her pale face.
She screamed again. This time with rage.
He felt something he’d never experienced before… primal terror.
But, it was short-lived, as his throat was sliced quickly open to the bone in one move of a thin black blade.
Seconds later, six smaller blades were flying through the night to hit their targets, killing with every throw. But there were more soldiers than blades.

Further on in the forest, for the first time in over four hundred years the Joshuan Order found itself temporarily allied with its sworn enemy against an invading army.
Pascal and Bruno heard the roar of machine guns, they saw the explosion of fire swallowing the trees behind them and ran.
They ran with all their remaining strength and they ran like bulls straight into the enormous form of Sergeant Walther Klimt of the SS.
As the three men tumbled together into the ground the German loosed a volley of bullets into the air. The Frenchmen were quickly on him, Bruno gripping the barrel of the gun, Pascal pulling the German’s hands from the weapon. They both felt a surge of power as the stronger German pulled the gun free and slammed it into the side of Bruno's head. The men fell apart, but Pascal had time to pull the long magazine from the German MP38 submachine gun and quickly fling it away into the darkness. They all crawled away to safety. The three men then stood and faced each other in a tense triangle.
The German was tall and muscular, larger than either of them. He swung the gun between them, holding them back.
Pascal kept the enemy's stare as he spoke to his friend.
"He still has one in the chamber."
Bruno replied.
"Then make sure you finish him for me my friend."
With this, Bruno rushed at the German and in an instant was blown back by the MP38's last bullet ripping through him. 
Pascal didn't wait to see his friend hit the ground, he rushed straight at the larger man, his fists primed for a volley of the hardest blows he'd ever delivered. 
But the SS soldier was faster, he swung the gun quickly up into the Priest's face. Pascal's cheekbone was smashed by the butt of the submachine gun. Dazed, he staggered back a few steps and stood facing his adversary, the soldier raised the rifle, ready to land more blows. In response, Pascal slowly raised his own hands into the guard of a trained boxer. For a moment their eyes met and by the light of the dozen flamethrowers sweeping in arcs engulfing everything in their path, a shared recognition of ring-hardened fighters flashed between them. The German threw his gun into the woods and started to circle the Frenchman, he unbuttoned his jacket as he moved, muttering pre-war fight directions to himself with every step.

Dryden lay still. He felt the bullets that hadn't passed through him burning in his flesh. He sensed his blood slowly creeping to the new exits. And he heard dogs.
The volley had been inaccurate for the number of shots the soldiers fired at him, he counted his injuries that consisted of five bad wounds and nine less serious hits that had either just cut his flesh or passed through. For a moment he started to ponder this new self-consciousness, but that's when the bastards set the dogs loose to finish him off. He sat up as the animals thundered in his direction.
Two things were certain, there wouldn't be any more shooting while their dogs were in the melee. And he'd soon find out what dog blood tasted like. 
Dryden drew the curved Chassepot bayonet and waited for the arrival of the first dog.
"Come on boys, dinner time."

Nicole ran. She ran and leapt like a terrified fawn from the wall of flames advancing through the forest towards her. There was no way to safely outflank this enemy, they were sweeping everything in their path with fire, filling the trees and the air above them. It seemed they'd learned from her first night in France and sent a team of SS who were trained in fighting an enemy with her rarer abilities.
She didn't know the direction she was running but ran anyway. She ran fast and she fell hard. 
Nicole had glanced back at the wall of fire and didn't see the deep gaping shaft in the forest floor until she was already hurtling headlong into the depths. She fell and span down into the dark, smashing rotten wooden beams all the way down before finally hitting the ground with a thump that shook her to the core, rattling every bone. She felt her breath forced out in a blast and let the darkness take her.
She didn't know how long she'd been out, but saw the orange glow through closed eyelids before feeling the blast of heat it was signaling. The SS squad were around the shaft, searching into the hole with blasts of fire. She saw them look over the edge, their hoods and goggles staring down. She turned herself over onto her front and looked around. The walls were wooden and braced with crisscrossing beams. The floor seemed to be hard packed dirt, but there was a small opening in the wall on one side that led into a deeper tunnel, she was looking through the top of a door that had been almost completely sealed by a cave-in, years before. Nicole realized with a start where she was. It was a First World War command bunker. The tunnels probably led all through the forest with a number of possible exits. She looked in through the small space that would be her escape, it was pitch dark, but she felt a gentle breeze fan through and past her. She looked back up and saw one of the German figures fumbling with something in his hands. He pulled it loose and then dropped what he'd been twisting. It was a stick grenade and it tumbled down after her like a dropped ice cream cone, its fuse fizzing toward its inevitable blast.
Nicole's decision was made for her by the imminent explosion of shrapnel that would fill the tiny space and she dived headfirst into the darkest environment she'd ever experienced.

Pascal was losing. He knew he was losing and he was weakening as every blow he threw the German dodged and replied landing a swift jab or hook. Pascal's eyes were swelling quickly and the torn cheek had opened up across the side of his face. He knew what was happening to him, he'd seen it on the streets of Paris in the fights Bruno took him to learn from. He was being beaten to death on his feet. He threw another combination, the other man took the blows on his guard and responded with a hard right that made a wet thud as it connected with his open cheek. Pascal drew back, his hand on the injury. The German smiled and spoke in broken French.
"You give last rites now Priest?"
Pascal bent forward to recover his breath, his eyes locked on the German. And he spat blood on the other man's boots.
The response was swift, the soldier swung his heavy, bloody boot up and into the face of the prostrate Priest. Pascal felt his nose snap and the vessels within spill out as he fell back onto the hard ground. For a few seconds he was blinded with pain, but hearing the stomp of the German taking a run up for another devastating kick, he rolled over and lifted himself off the ground. He didn't have time to stand before he saw the next kick coming.
Instead, he caught the boot and rolled, twisting his attacker's leg sending him to the ground. The German pulled loose and both men stood, their eyes set on each other.
Pascal raised his arms to defend, but they were lower now than the other man's. 
La defense Francais. 
His strategy worked immediately and the classically trained German boxer pulled back to land a long right. Immediately Pascal flicked up his left leg and snapped the toe of his boot across the other mans face. The German was dazed. Pascal kept his leg raised and whipped back to kick twice more across both sides of his face. The German stumbled back and Pascal advanced, he kicked again, this time spinning backward before landing a heel on the German's temple. He felt the crack as his boot connected and smiled as his opponent fell to his knees, clutching his head.
He hadn't used the French martial art, since his younger years in the back streets. But it returned like second nature and Pascal knew he could win.
"No last rites for you, you godless bastard."
He kicked again, this time straight and with the full force of his heel. It hit the other man square in the face and he fell back and still.
Pascal looked round for Bruno and stumbled to where his friend lay.
"Bruno are you alright?"
He lifted his head, trying to detect breathing in the low firelight.
There was a flutter of eye movement from Bruno.
"Thank God."
He looked up and around, before pulling the other man to his knees. He was heavy and Pascal was badly injured, but he would have to try to lift him onto his shoulders and get them both as far away as possible from the continuing gunfire and spreading flames.
He was lifting Bruno from his knees when a loud blast sounded behind them. For an instant, Pascal felt the heat and was then thrown from his feet by a smash of power. But it wasn't the explosion. It was the German soldier. He'd charged them and was on top of the Priests, firing punches blindly at both the men. Bruno was on top of Pascal, unconsciously taking the beating, Pascal couldn't get free and couldn't reach the German over the dead weight of the other Frenchman. The German was rising, the Priest only had one chance.
"Forgive me!"
Pascal knew what his last weapon was and quickly drew it from around his neck. He whipped it over the head of the Nazi Soldier and around his throat. Pascal jerked the chain and drew it tight, pulling the other man down to him with a choking scream. He tightened the chain harder with every lapse in the German's struggle and matched every gasp of life that left him with another wrench of force on his windpipe. 
Finally they were both still and Pascal struggled free from under the combined weight of the two men. 
He put the chain back around his neck and gently kissed the crucifix and rosary he'd used to choke a man to death.
He smiled with satisfaction through bloody teeth.

The soldiers waited for the screams. They'd heard it so many times they'd lost count. When the dogs went in for the kill, no man could survive.
They waited.
And then, one by one, the soldiers looked around to one another, they couldn't make out the other men's expressions in the darkness, but they knew they were all mystified.
They'd heard the barks as the dogs were released, and the thunder of the pack of black Alsatians charging in to rip their prey apart. But they heard nothing.
Then from the dark undergrowth, the severed limbs, hacked torsos and heads of the six dogs flew out of the night at them. The storm of gore was hitting them all directly and hard, and there was a sudden flash of fire as the night lit up around them. The Germans started firing up in the air as the pieces of gut and gristle knocked them back. 
The last thing they saw fly out of the darkness was larger than any of the pieces of dog. It was a man, a man covered in blood, screaming with fury and pain, swinging a razor sharp, bloodied sword.
The next few seconds passed in a blur of agony for every man there, including the slicing and stabbing fury that had moments earlier been Dryden Black.
He'd hit the dogs as they came in, swinging cleanly for the quickest kill. 
Then he drank. 
Initially, the thirst was sated, but then he felt the worst pain he'd ever experienced coursing through his brain. His vision was black and his head felt like it would burst, he immediately retched but the blood was in his system, and all he could feel from it was the angry canine muscle of attack dogs. Dogs whose whole lives were spent in frustrated anger and hunger. It was bad, bad blood. It felt like a poison coursing through his veins, his muscles and across every inch of skin.
But through the blackness he sensed his hunters. He knew where they were. Through some combination of scent, and hearing, Dryden knew exactly where every soldier crouched.
Blindly, he threw the gore of the dogs out at them, then, roaring in pain, he charged.
He took a breath. It was over and the pain was easing. 
Far away in the forest he made out the spit of flamethrowers and the dull thump of explosions, muffled by a structure, either behind thick walls or deep underground.
There were corpses all around him. He held the long bayonet in one hand, the other grasped a handful of flesh and veins. 
He looked down to see the remnants of a trachea clenched between his fingers. 
He'd ripped the throat out of someone. But had no memory of the last few seconds. Seconds that could have easily been minutes or even hours, everything was blank and black.
He'd been in rages before. But this was someone very different. A battle fever worse than he'd ever known. He'd slaughtered men and animals alike and didn't remember a second of it.
He felt his body giving in. How could he hope to help the others? An untrained street hustler, injured, poisoned and unable to control his rage. A rage that had probably sent him to the gallows.
He dropped to his knees.
It was time to give in.
Then he heard her voice, a whisper.
"Black. Quickly, over here."
 He went to the voice.

The tunnels of the bunker reached throughout the forest like tree roots, it had taken Nicole just a few minutes to follow the rich reek of spilled blood that swept in through the vents peppering the forest floor. She had found a ladder leading up to a sealed wooden hatch and broken easily through the rusted lock. There, she found Dryden standing, as still as pale death, staring into the night and surrounded by worse carnage than she'd ever seen. 
She spoke gently to him and guided him to the hatch. Once inside, she helped him down the creaking ladder and looked into his eyes.
"Jesus. What's happened to you?"
He looked up at her and she stepped back in shock.
"What's happened to your eyes?"
"What's wrong with my eyes?"
He managed in a rasp.
"They're... They're black. And..."
He blinked and a tear dropped onto his cheek.
"You're weeping blood."
He touched the red tear with a finger and licked it.
"It's the dogs. I drank from the dogs. It feels like it poisoned me."
She stood and crossed her arms.
"You idiot. How much physiology does a human share with a dog? You could have killed yourself."
"Could have?"
She pulled him up onto his feet.
"Yes, could have. It won't kill you but it will have to come out of your system somehow, and every drop will hurt. Because your body won't want any of it."
"Jesus. Well can't you let me rest?"
"No. Come on soldier, we need to find the Frenchmen and get them into the tunnels, our only hope is that these Germans are smart enough not to come down here after us."
"Why? I've lost my guns, I'm down to the revolver and sawn-off. You only seem to have your knife."
She looked at him stunned.
"After the butchery you just carried out... Would you chase two vampires into an underground network of tunnels?"
He shrugged.
"Come on Mr Black. Walkies."

Bruno was conscious, but only barely. Pascal carried his friend on his shoulders as he crept slowly through the woods, away from the thunder of explosions that seemed to be blasting through the ground and the distant bursts of flames filling the branches of yet another tree with fire.
He stumbled with every few steps and tried to go from tree to tree so he could lean their combined weight against it for a moment, however brief.
He pushed himself off from a trunk and staggered onwards, but knew in his heart that he couldn't make it another hundred meters but he kept on.
And that was when he heard the woman's voice from beneath the ground. 
Right under his feet.
"Pascal. This way. To your right."
In the silver light, he saw a chunk of the thick undergrowth rip up and out through the snow. A hole appeared as a hatch was pushed open, the roots of plants that had grown over the top of it tearing apart as the hole grew.
When the hatch was fully open it resembled a gaping mouth filled with the ragged remains of some filthy meal clinging to it.
"Come down, it's safe."
He eased Bruno down and settled him by a tree. The other man's eyes inched open.
"Pascal... Are they here? Did they come back for us?"
"Be still my friend. Something is different."
He moved to the edge of the hole and peered over and into the darkness.
There was no one there. He squinted to try to see deeper into the dark. But there was nothing. Finally he whispered down.
"Where are you? Bruno is bleeding."
There was a hiss from the darkness and a muttering of voices. Finally, the woman spoke again.
"We know... We can't help him."
"What do you mean? I won't leave him!"
He looked back at his friend, whose face was nearly as pale as the snow he was slumped in.
The man's voice came.
"Pascal. We can't come near to help you. But if you can do it, get Bruno down into these tunnels. See if you can stem his blood and follow our voices. We'll get you through. But we can't... Be near you. We're not strong enough."
Pascal straightened and looked at his hands and his friend clutching the wound in his side.
He knew what they meant. They couldn't resist the scent of the blood from Bruno's wounds.
So he had to choose. Stay in the snow, and face the fire of the hunters. Or enter the dark place the beasts his order had pursued for centuries had crawled to.
He made his decision and leaned over to slam the hatch shut. There was no other choice for a Joshuan, the rules were simple, when faced with their most ancient enemy, they would choose death by their own hands, a mortal sin, but a purer death than the everlasting nights of the Vampyr.
The hatch groaned as he heaved it over and then he stopped.
Bruno spoke.
"Pascal. My friend, we cannot escape. We must go down."
Pascal was still. He looked into the darkness below. The shadow of the roots hanging around the opening moved softly in the moonlight and dim glow of the burning trees behind them.
"I don't know what the church has told you or you've seen. But these people, whatever you think up they are. They are our allies. And I trust them."
The Priest nearly answered with a bark.
"Then you go down on you own!"
But paused. It was his old self, the angry boy from the streets who would rob, steal and hurt anyone in his way. And this dying man was his first savior, the first person who had shown him any kindness.
He pushed the hatch open again and rose, turning to take Bruno's hand.
"For you Bruno, I will walk through hell."

The darkness was complete. A darkness so impenetrable the eyes created their own images, flashes and clouds of color appearing and tricking the imagination.
The voice from the dark came again. A rasping whisper. It sounded nothing like either of the British.
"On the ground, next to a rock there's a lighter and something you can use as a crutch."
Pascal did as the voice said. He found the battered lighter and used its dim light to bandage Bruno as well as he could and found the piece of wood they'd left at the foot of the ladder to use as a crutch. 
They waited until the tiny gold light flickered to nothing in the metal cradle of the zippo and stood.
Together the two men now stumbled through the blackness, following the whisper that echoed out to them from the tunnels ahead.
Inch by inch they felt through the mud and knee-deep water. The Priest kept his hand on the wall, his other arm around his injured friend. Bruno kept most of his weight on the crutch and winced every time he moved forward.
"This way. Keep coming."

Ahead of the injured Frenchmen, Nicole and Dryden felt their night vision weakening, their strength deserting them and every inch travelled became an agonizing tug away from what called to their deepest urges. The scent of the injured men swelled out of the dark like a cloud consuming their senses. Both Dryden and Nicole were being drawn harder and harder to the scent of blood to quench the burning pain of their thirst.
As they made their way through the dark, staying just inside earshot of the following men they would feel themselves involuntarily slowing. Like Arctic explorers who just stop and sit down, giving up on life, without a second thought.
Nicole paused, leaning on a doorframe.
"Come on."
He rasped, the effort scraping through his dry throat like a rusty knife.
Her head slumped.
"You go ahead."
Her voice was disappearing into an inaudible scratch of whispers.
Gently, he took her arm.
"No... can't leave you... Come."
She shook him off. Her voice rose and came our as a guttural snarl.
"Go! That's an order you bastard!"
Like Dryden, her throat was burning and he teeth were bared with the pain and anger.
He took her arm again, more firmly.
Dryden never saw her boot as the kick swung up into the side of his face, splintering two teeth in the back of his mouth.
He was thrown against the stone walls and clattered into a pile of rusting iron. Instinctively he grabbed for a weapon and found a short sharp spike of rusted metal. He leapt up and felt himself release a monstrous growl.
Nicole backed away in the dark as his hunched figure advanced.
She bent low, her hands as claws ready to fight and snarled through her dry throat.
"Get away from me."
He didn't answer.
She fumbled for her gun.
But he was too fast and she felt the sharpness of pain instantly as Dryden hit her hard on the side with the blunt end of the metal spike.
She fell against the wall and rage filled her eyes, she was ready to kill.
He slowly raised the shard of metal and pointed it at her face.
"I'm not leaving you behind. Because I'm not leaving you to devour two innocent men you mad bitch!"
The truth hit her harder than Dryden could. She knew what slowed her down and what she'd known would happen when the two Frenchmen caught them up, even if she hadn't been able to consciously face this inevitability, she knew she would have been happy to let nature take its course. 
Her head dropped and Dryden spoke softly.
"We're not soldiers. Soldiers don't wait in the dark to drink the blood of innocent men. I don't know what we are, but from now on, we're doing things without any more of your rules or orders."
She didn't answer or move.
"Take my hand, we'll get through this. I need as much help as you."
He put his hand out and tried smiling, though his dry lips cracked.
"You know what Churchill said, 'When you're going through hell... Don't stop.'"
She took his hand.

What could have been hours later, two figures crawled from a dark muddy cave, they snarled at the glare of early morning sunlight burning off a blanket of snow and scrambled to pull on their dark glasses.
Anyone who knew the two people who had entered the network of tunnels just nine hours before, wouldn't know these two pitiful creatures.
Their eyes were black, as were the tongues that lolled from their mouths, their skin had turned grey and dry and was covered in mud and dried blood. They clawed slowly, twitching with spasms of speed that gave them the appearance of spiders stalking prey.
Their minds were almost lost to the insanity of their hunger and consumed by a hallucinogenic nightmare of blood and carnage.
They crawled forward desperately, neither looking at the other, but somehow knowing the other's exact position.
They crawled through mud and into frozen snow, through tangled thorns that tugged and then ripped their skin, but they felt nothing. Under their torn skin, the black hard muscle was dry like meat that had been hung too long.
And then they heard the screams of the young. 
The panic of the mothers at the monsters approaching.
They attacked.
And they fed.

The hours passed and Bruno become quieter and colder, he stopped shivering and Pascal knew his friend wouldn't last much longer. Pascal too was weak and neither man spoke. They just listened for the next direction from the voices. But the voices hadn't come for a while.
Gradually they felt the mud grow shallower and the air dryer, but the darkness was still complete and cold. Bruno started to laugh.
"Hell is a lot colder than I imagined."
Pascal pulled his friend upright.
"If we get out, I might reassess my views of the underworld too."
The two men laughed hysterically.
But it wasn't a lift in spirits, it was the laughter of men resigned to death, a last surge of adrenalin released by their flagging spirits hoping to get them through the final moments.
Somehow, they knew this, and both slumped slowly to the ground.
"Just a little rest please Pascal."
"Yes my friend. It's time. Time to rest."
They sat in the darkness and closed their eyes.
Neither ever knew how long they sat like that, but in what felt like an instant, there was a thunder of feet from the dark. Bruno was wrenched up by some unknown power in the darkness. He didn't struggle but was gone without a sound, swept through the air past his friend with just a whip of movement.
Pascal felt the strong hands grip him and pull him over the figure's shoulders like a light sack of coal. Suddenly they were racing through the dark, his carrier gliding smoothly through the darkness, weaving around the corners of the deep labyrinth. He lost count of the turns they took and grew dizzy from the blind speed he felt but couldn't see, he closed he eyes instinctively and held onto his carrier with all his strength.
He felt the running progress onto harder ground and surge upward, toward the surface, he opened his eyes, something wonderful had happened, he saw light. He focused and looked down the back of his carrier, seeing the legs pounding up the steep slope of a dark cavern. Her thin, muscular legs. He realized where his hands were gripping and let go. It sent Nicole off balance and she stumbled before hoisting him high again and continuing her climb.
"We're nearly out Priest. But we need to get moving. If you can think of any sympathetic churches nearby you need to get us there."
She jumped and his eyes were filled with white light reflected off a snowy field.
They were descending a gentle slope now and he looked back at the small cave opening they're been pulled from.
They raced further down the slope, she leapt over a tangle of bushes and through some trees and then they were on a flat road. The road led along a fence and was met by a series of small structures, a shed, a barn, a trough. Then he saw the snow turn red. A white field painted crimson by a storm of carnage, at least half a dozen pigs and twice as many piglets had been slaughtered and their bodies ripped apart, the hearts torn out. The snow was marked with bloody human hand and footprints. The Joshuan knew immediately how his dark saviors had engineered their miraculous return to the cave.
He was unceremoniously bundled into the back of an idling truck and turned to see Bruno lying by his side, wrapped in blankets. He felt some more blankets being thrown on top of himself and passed out.




Chapter 32

Pascal woke in a warm bed, staring at a cracked plaster ceiling. A pile of coal burned gently in the hearth of a small fire on one side of the room and on another, the curtains were drawn against the night. He wondered how long he had slept and tried to think back to the journey, but the last thing he remembered was the blood soaked snow.
He sat up and felt pain like he'd gone fifteen rounds. A pain he hadn't missed one bit in all his years as a Priest.
He swung his legs out from the covers and put his feet down on the wooden floor. It hurt and he winced. In a fraction of a second, he heard running come up the stairs, someone bounding up three steps at a time.
The woman burst in.
She smiled.
"You're alright then?"
Pascal shook his head.
"No, but I'll live. Where is Bruno?"
Her smile settled back to the serious agent he'd grown used to.
"He's pulling through quite well. He's had a transfusion and some morphine, so is stable now."
Pascal was puzzled.
"Where are we?"
She opened the door wide and motioned him out.
"Come downstairs and Black will explain. It seems he's been on the run before and knows how to convince people to help him."
Pascal stood, he was wearing a freshly pressed nightgown and shuffled out the door past the woman, every bone in his body feeling the pain of the beating he'd taken at the hands of the German soldier.
When they got down the stairs, she led him across a comfortable hallway into a surgery where the walls were decorated with anatomical drawings, a large wooden desk was set against the windows and an examination bed was surrounded by a white curtain. Dryden sat on the desk, an unlit cigarette in his mouth and glass of cognac by his side.
He nodded at Pascal.
"Feeling better?"
The Priest didn't answer, he looked at the figure behind the curtain.
Dryden called over to the shadowy figure.
"Hey Doctor, pull the curtains back please, we have a visitor."
The Doctor complied. He was a tall thin man with dark eyes, he wore a white coat mottled with rusty stains. He stood by a jar of blood on a hook that fed a line into the sleeping figure of a bandaged and sleeping Bruno.
Dryden spoke as he picked up the drink to swirl the glass in his cupped hand.
"He should be alright, but it's best we get him to safety, to one of your mob's safe houses as soon as possible. Is there anyone nearby?"
Pascal shrugged.
"I have no idea where we are."
Nicole walked to a map of the region that hung between a diagram of the respiratory system on one side and a print of Hitler on the other.
"We're here."
She pointed a finger to the right of the map, almost on the German border.
Pascal squinted at it.
"Yes. There is a monastery we can take him to. I do not know them, but the name has the correct construction to identify it as a Joshuan haven."
Nicole raised her eyebrows.
"The Catholic church and their secret codes."
The Priest stared hard at her.
Dryden put the glass down firmly as though to stop them facing off again.
"Turns out the good Doctor here, is a collaborator. He serves the village well enough, but he insists on every patient giving a blood donation before he'll treat them. He then sells it to a German Buyer just this side of the border. And he sells a lot of it."
Pascal looked at the man with disgust.
"So he is a criminal. What else?"
Dryden picked up a box of matches from the desk and lit the cigarette.
"The thing you haven't grasped though Priest, is that this Doctor is probably our ticket to the target. Twice a week the buyer dines in a restaurant in Malmedy where he takes delivery of fresh blood from every willing or coerced Doctor in this region. He finishes lunch, and then he drives it over the border, through the roadblocks, past the guards and all the way into a castle in a town called... Burg Ost. And get this, locally, they call him... I forget what he said the French name was, but in English, it's 'The Leech'."
A smile of understanding crept across the Priest's face. He leaned over his friend and watched the older man exhale slowly as though waiting for him to whisper some advice or encouragement between rounds.
He turned with his answer.
"And how will you get this Leech to oblige you?"
"The same way I got this Doctor to help us. With a little persuasion from my old American friends... Mr Smith and Mr Wesson."
Dryden pointed to the pistol in the holster under his arm.
Pascal looked around at the Doctor and saw now, the heavy bruising around his eyes, and swollen, split lip.
The Priest almost gasped. But then smiled.
"Good."

They left the Doctor tied to his examination table, with the curtains drawn. And moved the still unconscious Bruno out to the truck on an old wheelchair they'd found in the house. Pascal settled into the back and wrapped one of the blankets around himself, while Dryden and Nicole lifted the patient with ease up and into the bed of the truck. Nicole then began tying the chair securely into the truck.
Dryden dropped down again and looked around.
"Give me five minutes."
She turned.
"What? We need to get going. Now!"
"Listen. I need five minutes."
He ran back into the house. Nicole shook with anger as she finished securing the chair in place.
She was gunning the engine of the truck by the time he emerged from the dark building, he carried the Doctor's bag and wore a wide grin.
He jumped up into the seat beside her. There was a clink of bottles as he hoisted the bag into the seat ahead of him.
"Let's hit the road."
As Nicole revved the engine she snarled.
"You drink too much."
The truck pulled off.
They drove through the night, stopping only briefly to fill the truck's tank at a station three miles off their real course. It was another trick Dryden revealed he knew from his younger days spent running whisky.
Finally as darkness turned to the grey of morning they saw the monastery Pascal had identified from the map.
Dryden was driving while Nicole rested after the long night and nudged her awake before he shouted back into the bed of the truck.
"We're here gentlemen. Pascal, are you alright to do the talking?"
From the back, Pascal answered.
"Set me down a little away from the entrance. I will need to speak to them alone and then I'll come get you."
"No problem."
Dryden pushed the engine some more and the truck jolted up the hill towards the quiet tower.
The gates were open and the vehicle crept through, breaking the morning silence with its idling engine as Dryden let it roll to a stop. It was the earliest hours of dawn but the monks had been up for hours rising early for matins prayers. Pascal limped down from the back of the truck and made his way slowly up the path to the front door. They watched in silence as he approached a brother who was carrying milk pails around the side of the building. The monk saw the state of Pascal and stepped back, probably fearing a violent vagrant.
Slowly, Pascal raised his hand to his neck and pointed out the blood stained collar that identified his Priesthood. The monk dropped the pails, one fell on its side, the milk spilling out into the snow and disappearing into the frozen ground. 
Pascal spoke and the other man listened, peeking back at the truck over the Priest's shoulder. Finally, Pascal turned and pointed back at them and the monk nodded before running inside the building.
The Priest turned and shuffled back to them, he glanced up at Dryden and nodded. They both leapt from their seats and ran around to the back to release the binds that kept Bruno's chair from toppling. As they cut the ropes the Frenchman's eyes opened slightly. Dryden smiled and placed a hand on his arm.
"Bruno, pal, you're safe now. You hear me? Safe, you'll be ok."
By the time they had the wheelchair out and were moving it awkwardly through the icy snow mixed with gravel, a group of frantic monks had rushed out to see what had caused their brother, who was normally quite a quiet man, to rush through the cloisters calling for help. The older ones sighed and crossed themselves while some of the younger monks screeched and gasped at the sight of the grizzled man in the wheelchair who was patched, bandaged and bruised as only a man who'd defied the Germans could ever be.

Thanks for reading, if you’re enjoying it, please Like or Follow and see how the next book comes along.

https://www.facebook.com/drydenblackbook

https://twitter.com/S_A_Campbell






Part three - The kill

Chapter 33

The four travellers parted company, the French hidden in the monastery infirmary under thick bandages, newly assumed identities and quickly drawn up papers. Forgery, Dryden discovered, was a craft the Joshuan Monks had been practicing for years, regularly putting their skills for illumination and scribing to less holy uses. 
The Abbot, a stern old man who took long sideways glances at the British agents as Pascal explained the situation, assured them of their safety for at least a week, or until Bruno was well enough to travel.
As Dryden and Nicole listened they detected no mention of the Joshuan order, but suspicion from the Abbot was thick in the air, so they made the quick decision to get back on the road as soon as they could.
Pascal persuaded the monks to lend Dryden their old delivery van, a rusting, cramped three-wheeled vehicle they had to squeeze into. In exchange they left their truck in the hands of one of the older monks who immediately started stripping it down. Dryden nodded and noted that the Joshuan chop shops, safe houses, Doctors and forgers all over Europe would be the envy of any mob in the States.
"I see now where the Mafia learned their tricks."

Just a few hours later, they were on the road again, Dryden in fresh clothes, a pressed suit, shirt, tie and hat that had been donated by a novice monk on his arrival at the monastery. He now looked every part the country Doctor. Nicole's disguise was more difficult to come by in a building entirely populated by men, but a smock was adapted to resemble a rural nurse's uniform and a white apron hastily sewn from an infirmary sheet. She wore a white cap, fashioned from card and had brushed and tied back her red hair into a long plait.
Despite the size of the vehicle, they made good time and reached the outskirts of Malmedy in the afternoon. They parked the little van beside the town's small cathedral and left the keys under the driver's seat as arranged. They walked through the sloping cobbled streets to the town square, nothing more or less ordinary a sight than a Doctor with a case of medical equipment and his assistant nurse. The sun was hidden behind a thick ceiling of cloud so the snow that still drifted down and managed to settle on the roads didn't cause too much glare for their sensitive eyes. As they rounded the streets that rose higher into the center of the town they encountered a few civilians going about their normal lives. One old man doffed his cap and nodded.
"Docteur."
Dryden nodded and coughed a greeting as they passed. Behind him they heard the old man whisper to himself in French.
"Another blood salesman."
Nicole whispered to Dryden.
"It would appear we're not an uncommon sight here."
"Perfect."
She pulled him back and moved them both to a doorway.
"And just how do you propose we do this, are you just going to walk in there and grab the Leech?"
"We might not have the passwords, but we've got the payment and that's usually enough to get you past the guy on the door."
He shook the case and let the contents click loudly. Before turning to continue. She pulled him back again to the doorway and was opening her mouth to argue when the grey wooden door they were standing by opened inwardly.
They both leapt back with shock and instinctively thrust their hands into their coats for weapons, Dryden to his holster, Nicole in her tunic.
The old woman in the black shawl who had opened the door gasped.
 And then she tutted, shocked that a Doctor and his nurse might be fumbling under their clothes in her own doorway.
"Shameful."
Dryden puffed out his chest and walked into the square toward the only restaurant. He surveyed the scene as he marched, never slowing his stride. One of the first lessons he'd learned in New York was that a walk could convince better than any spiel. If you walked straight and hard, you could pull off anything.
The only problem was... The two diners immediately inside the restaurant door where a pair of German officers. But by the time he noticed them he was moving too straight and fast to turn back.
The officers saw the Frenchman with the Doctor's case marching across the square, he was the fourth one they'd seen that afternoon. A strange business but their deliveries had all been made to a German citizen dining in a private room in the back, so no real concern to them, and no need to interrupt their lunch.
The Doctor opened the door and held it for his nurse who trotted in after him almost apologetically.
The Germans nodded hello as the Doctor doffed his cap. He pushed the door open and motioned the nurse through. The Germans smiled as their eyes met the Doctor's and all three men shared a quick glance at the athletic shape of the nurse from behind.
The Doctor held up his case to the waiter and was led through the restaurant to a thick oak door. The Doctor opened it and led the nurse through before closing it again behind him.
Inside, the room was decadently dressed with wood paneled walls covered almost entirely by oil paintings in gilded frames, shaded oil lamps lit the walls and golden light bounced off the frames, silver off the cutlery and a spectrums of blue and purple off the crystal glasses set around the table. In the center of this treasure trove, a solitary, fat and balding German with flushed cheeks and glassy red eyes sat looking up from the table that was covered in half finished dishes. The spoonful of his second tart tatin held halfway to his open, wet and cream covered lips.
In weak French he asked
"Do I know you Doctor?"
Dryden looked to Nicole.
She shook her head.
"He's asking if he knows you."
Dryden smiled and gently set his bag down at his side.
"No Doctor, you don't know us, but you know my little friend here."
He withdrew his gun, slowly enough that he wasn't drawing to kill, just to threaten. He gently cocked the hammer.
"And if you so much as squeak anything louder than a whisper, I'll blow your fat face all over that painting of the fat chick with her tits out behind you."
Nicole was about to translate when the obese German dropped his spoon and raised his hands from the dessert. When his chubby, trembling fingers had reached the height of his eyes, he slowly turned to look at the painting behind him.
"I think he understands you."
"Good. Let's get down to business."
Dryden handed the gun to Nicole and pulled out a chair.
"Doctor. We'd like to accompany you to Burg Ost."
In seconds, the fat man's face went as grey as a corpse.
"Please, I'm no Doctor. I'm his assistant, I just collect the blood. He'll kill me if I do that."
"And we'll kill you if you don't."
The German's eyes narrowed and a thin smile crept across his wet mouth, he'd recovered from his initial shock.
"With two army officers in the restaurant and a further twenty around the town? I think not."
Dryden stared hard at the man and watched as he slowly dropped his raised hands back to the table, his smile was now a broad grin. Nicole straightened the pistol in her hand, but he didn't react.
"You're right. Shooting you would not be in our best interest."
Dryden leaned down and picked up the Doctor's case. The glass bottles inside rattled as he set it on the table and started to undo the clasps.
Nicole rolled her eyes.
"You're going to get him drunk?"
Dryden shook his head.
"No, just one for me. An aperitif before dinner."
He smiled at the fat man who picked up his spoon and started into the tart once more.
Dryden pulled the bag open and took out one of the bottles. But it wasn't wine or whisky he'd taken from the Doctor's house. The case was indeed filled with glass medical bottles of blood, packed in a deep tray he'd filled and then refilled with fresh snow.
The German watched Dryden break the seal on the bottle and hold the contents to his nose. The German's face fell. 
His spoon dropped.
"Nein... It can't be."
Dryden closed his eyes and leaned his head back, pouring the contents into his open mouth, his gullet swallowed the liquid in three, loud, greedy gulps. When it was drained, he licked a drip from the edge of the bottle.
The German was pale and sweating. His hands shook as he watched the man across from him transform. Color filled his cheeks and all his muscles seemed to flex at once as his body took in the rush of its first taste of human blood.
Then the woman spoke.
Her green eyes glowing wide with excitement.
"How was it?"
Dryden's own eyes snapped open, they were clear and wide, almost glowing with the power that surged through him. He felt every single cell in his body jolt awake, every sense fire, every part of his being was suddenly in unison, like a deadly orchestra playing its first note. More than any drug he'd dabbled with in the 30s, amphetamines, coke, opium, this made him feel alive. This was something else entirely.
He smiled and looked at the German, eying the large man's throat.
"How was it?"
Nicole almost didn't want to, but curiosity and her own lust for blood got the better of her and she asked eagerly.
"Was it good?"
He nodded and stood, his chest expanded as he took in a lungful of air through his nose.
"Hell yeah!"
The German was beginning to cry as he glanced from one of them to the other.
"Both of you? Oh mien Gott. Please... I'm still young.
Dryden looked down at him. A trickle of blood soaking in to his red-lined beard.
He looked over at a part of the wall that featured only one painting, a tree in a field.
"There's a secret passage. An exit behind that panel."
He locked his eyes back on the fat man, who shuddered and nodded a tiny acknowledgment. A blob of cream dropped from his chin onto his shirt.
"And that's the way we're leaving. In your..."
He tilted his head.
"In your Mercedes-Benz 260 D"
The man nodded again.
"Get your things."
Their prisoner accepted wordlessly and started pulling on his jacket.
Nicole leaned in to whisper to Dryden.
"Does it make you psychic? Does human blood give you mystic powers?"
He looked at her incredulous.
"Don't be silly. I felt the breeze from the passage"
She nodded, sensing it herself.
"I see. Heightened senses. And you must have been able to tell it was a Mercedes he drove from the scent of the right combination of diesel fuel and leather upholstery."
"Sure. That, and he left his keys on the table."
Dryden bent and plucked the set of keys with their distinctive star logo keyring from under a napkin.
"Let's get going."
Nicole sealed the bag and lifted it from the table following Dryden who plucked the larger man up off his feet and pushed him through the passage.
They moved quickly through the dark, brick walled corridor toward the cold air of the exit and came to a rusting metal, bolted door. Dryden kicked it and the bolts flew off, the dented door tumbling out and into the straw of a barn. He pushed the German to the ground and looked around, his eyes adapting to the shards of light that burned through the slats of wood forming the roof. At the door of the barn sat a black military Mercedes, its small pair of Nazi flags protruding from little flagpoles above a row of polished headlights.
"That ought to get us up to the castle."
Nicole stepped forward, gazing through the hanging beams of dust.
"Dryden. Look more closely at those flags."
He moved forward and looked again. They weren't the usual red background, white circle and black swastika, instead the red and black were reversed. Opposites to each other.
Dryden looked down at the German who was fitting a pair of glasses to his sweat-drenched face. When they were in place he rose to his knees.
"The new sigil, the sign of the dark army. The Fuhrer wants us to create an army that will sweep across the earth by night. We will own the darkness and by day, the people of the world will fall at our feet."
He stood, bolder now and with passion.
"Dr Machlis is almost there. The virus is almost perfected we use test subjects with the same blood group as our recruits, we only lose three in ten of the volunteers now."
Nicole drew her blade.
"How many test subjects?"
"You can't win."
"You can't have got it to thirty percent success without killing hundreds of innocents... How many people have you killed with that virus!"
He stood, straightening his jacket. Then answered with a small grin.
"Hundreds. Hundreds of Jew men women and children. You don't think we would willingly risk the lives of good Nazi soldiers do you? When we have cages full of these... lab animals."
The German didn't see the flash of movement and he didn't see or feel the blade go in until Dryden's face was against his own, his eyes ablaze.
Dryden held a foot of steel through a mass of engorged intestines and a full to bursting point, stomach.
He whispered into the dying man's face.
"How many of these damned Nazi Vampires do I have to kill?"
Nicole, stepped back as she saw what Dryden was doing.
The dying man answered.
"Thirteen."
He gasped and his eyes rolled back blankly, as Dryden drew the blade up and across the full length of his bulging belly, gutting him in one quick swipe. His innards fell as he buckled and his executioner stepped back to see the large man fall dead into a pile of his own insides.
Nicole stared down at the spreading pool of blood and trembled. Dryden knew what she needed and bent down to the case. He opened the latch and pulled a bottle from the cold water it now sloshed around in. He unscrewed the cap and handed it to her.
She drank. She drank with her eyes closed and he watched her lips suck at the blood and her throat gulp it down. 
He then saw it take effect on her. She seemed to shine, her face flushed briefly red and her eyes glowed. She was a beautiful, dangerous enigma.
They stood in silence for a moment before she dropped the empty bottle onto the mess before her.
"Then it's over. We can't get past the checkpoints to Burg Ost without him."
Dryden walked over to the car and traced a finger across the trunk. His touch left a trail in the frost that covered the vehicle.
"Not quite."
She lifted her head to listen.
"I think this car's our ticket. When a man's got a cargo valuable enough to convert a vehicle with power like this into a refrigerator, I'll lay money that every sentry, patrol, guard and traffic cop from here to Berlin knows to wave this beast through."
She moved over to the Mercedes and placed a hand on it, her palm left a print.
"Let's get the dead guy stashed and get going then. 
Dryden tossed the keys in his hand.
"And I'll drive. I bet she goes like a hell on wheels."
They were on their way again. But this leg of the journey was different. They were racing at top speed, the car's giant engine roaring as they passed checkpoint after checkpoint. Every single one, reacting quickly to the black beast of a car, its headlamps blazing in the fading day and its unique flags screaming through the air.
They both felt very different in the solid confines of the Mercedes. The blood and the small respite of the car journey left them fully healed and positive they were no longer being pursued. 
The back of the car had indeed been converted into a refrigerated chamber, and it was filled with a day's delivery of fresh blood from all over southern Belgium. They drank their fill and laid their bag in the back ready to take on supplies if they had to move on foot. The car also held a leather satchel containing an alpine rescue kit, a common addition of rope and warm jackets, waxed trousers, gloves and hats that many cars around the Alps carried. And, to Dryden's great pleasure, two cylinders of Havana cigars. He opened one immediately and tucked the other in his pocket as he drove.
"Best cigars in the world, they know how to live these Germans... They're quite good at dying too."
Finally, speeding along the darkening roads, they felt the urgency and danger of their mission. And they relished it. Dryden even attempted to find some big band music on the car's wireless, but just got station after station filled with the ranting cacophonies of Hitler or Wagner, Wagner or Hitler.
It was night by the time they caught sight of the castle. It was a series of high towers set high over a thick wall that rose straight out of a sheer rock face. Unlit by electrical light, they saw it silhouetted against the moon, high up on its dark mount.
They both leaned forward in the car and looked up. Dryden laughed nervously.
"They weren't kidding in that Dracula film were they?"
She replied as she gazed upward.
"Hitler's known to be quite theatrical, I believe he spent many years as a struggling artist."
"Well it beats the pants off your English manor."
She glared at him.
"For theatricality I mean."
They came to an overgrown sign for the village and Dryden shut down the headlights, letting the car creep along in its lowest gear. He peered into the darkness of the woods around them, searching.
"This is as far as we can go in the car, we need to find somewhere to stash it."
Nicole looked out of her own window into the darkness.
"There are no barns or outbuildings this time."
"No... But a forest clearing would do us, and there's enough bracken to cover it for the night."
"And then what Dryden?"
He pushed on the brakes.
"What?"
"How do we get out of here?"
Dryden turned in his seat to face her, his eyes were wide with shock.
"You're supposed to have a getaway plan! Back at the manor you and the commandos had a plan! All we had to do was get here."
Her tone was rising to match his.
"You think we can call in an exit team this far behind German lines? Are you off your head? You know our aircraft range. You told Strang yourself! We can maybe find a radio and call in the bombers, but nobody's coming to pick us up."
She paused and took the small map and notepad she'd been rigorously checking throughout their journey from her breast pocket. 
"We went beyond the range of the Beaufighters when we left the monastery."
He stared into the dark.
"No getaway plan."
They were silent. She put her hand on his. His eyes fell to his lap. She whispered.
"But it's a noble duty to die for your country."
He jolted up.
"Screw that. I know guys who've broken out of some of the toughest prisons in the States."
He gunned the engine and pointed the car into the woods.
"We might not have a plan yet but you can be damned sure I'm going to get the hell out of this hole."
The engine roared and the headlights lit the forest.
"But first... Let's send these bastards to hell."





Chapter 34
Burg Ost

It wasn't normal for the inn at the foot of Burg Ost to get visitors. It wasn't normal for the inn at the foot of Burg Ost to get French Visitors.
And it was completely out of the ordinary to get two French visitors at night... Especially at night.
When the door opened, the cold air and darkness behind it drew the attention of every man and the one woman in the room, the couple at the door looked around. He had a dark stubble of beard with flecks of red down either side of the chin, she had bright red hair tied back straight, her green eyes glittered as she took in her surroundings. He wore a smart suit and hat, she wore a shapeless black dress. He carried a Doctor's case, she held a small leather satchel. The man nodded to the eyes around the room as he closed the door behind them and removed his hat.
Frau Bendtner, the Innkeeper's wife shuffled across the room to welcome them and a murmur began to fill the inn again, but only low enough to reassure the strangers of a cold welcome. Every ear still strained to hear the explanations of these two travellers who had found themselves here... at night.
"Guten tag."
Nodded the tall German hostess in her apron and traditional frilled dress. 
Nicole bowed slightly and spoke French to the woman.
"We'd like a room for the night please."
The German woman glanced down at Nicole's hand, she didn't see a wedding band.
Nicole quickly corrected herself.
"Two rooms."
Frau Bendtner grinned and replied in strained French with a heavy Alsace accent.
"Of course. But let me get you a hot drink first. You must be cold if you walked all the way from the station, yes?"
Nicole ignored the question as she followed the older woman to a seat in a booth next to the fire, with a small window looking out on the quiet cobbled street that led up to the castle.
They took their seats and the noise levels of the room returned to the full Germanic clunk and clatter of conversation.
Dryden took in the room and the locals. There were the occasional interested glance, but nothing Dryden recognized as danger. But he did sense a fear in the men in the room, they had no fight in them, they were hunched and furtive in their movements. Something or someone had broken the men of this village a long time ago.
When the innkeeper's wife returned she held two steaming steins of gluvhwein. She banged them down triumphantly and the strong smell of mulled spices and cinnamon hit them both like a giant bouquet of flowers. They gasped and the woman smiled, following up the drinks with a large, dusty guest book and a pen, which she laid in front of Dryden.
He nodded thanks and started to fill in the entry. Normally cover names came easily to him, it was just a matter of mixing an actor's name with a baseball player's. He'd been taught from an early age that this was the only reliable way to guarantee you don't just blurt out your own name. And while you had to be fast with a first name you always had time to give the last some thought. Unfortunately, he didn't know any French actors... Or baseball players.
When the Innkeeper's wife squinted down at the writing, she read out the only names Dryden guessed were French enough to fool her...
"Doctor... Tintin... Musketeer?"
He looked up at her and nodded.
"Enchante Madame."
The woman made an awkward smile and took two room keys from her apron.
"Up the stairs and to the left."
She handed a key to Nicole who thanked her.
"Up the stairs on the right Herr Doctor."
She took the check-in book and left them to their drinks.
Dryden sipped at the mulled wine with a satisfied grin, the initial shock of the strong flavors having subsided enough for him to enjoy the warmth. The fire crackled gently to their side casting an orange glow over Nicole's pale face and making her hair glitter with sparks of ruby.
He smiled and leaned forward to speak.
"Quite nice here isn't it?"
She sipped her drink.
"Just keep your wits about you."
He stifled a laugh and whispered.
"A few days ago I saw you singlehandedly destroy a German patrol, two days later you took on an SS flamethrower squad with nothing but knives. I'm not too worried about a tavern full of old Germans, I should be more concerned about my date."
She broke a smile.
"There we go. That's the girl I met a few weeks back."
Her smile disappeared.
"Well a lot's happened since then Mr Black."
He looked into the fire.
"You know, the day I arrived in Britain I understood why the Nazis couldn't win, they might conquer, but they'd never finally win. I was walking through London and I saw a headline on a newspaper, the evening edition.
France had just surrendered and now most of Europe was under Nazi control, France, Austria, Holland, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Belgium even Italy and Spain were in thrall to the bastards. 
All of continental Europe, except this one cold, silly little cluster of islands in the North Sea. 
And people were reading the headline and they were laughing. 
Can you believe that? On the day when you find out that you're on your own... The last country on the Nazi game plan. They're reading the news and they're laughing about it.
You know what that headline said?"
She shook her head.
"It said...  It's England and Germany in the Final!"
She nodded.
He raised his glass.
"So I say, as a Brit, if we can't laugh at adversity, and laugh in the face of what's most likely to come, then they've won."
They both raised their heavy vessels and drank, smiling.
Then, as though a blast of ice had blown through the closed door, the whole room froze. A white light glowed through the windows and an engine rumbled loudly up the hill into the village. Powerful wheels crunched through the snow and the vehicle came to a loud, shuddering halt. A large bus had pulled up across the road from the Inn. And the locals were terrified.
Dryden and Nicole peered out through the frosty glass. The bus was grey, and its windows were dark and covered in ice. Inside, figures moved their heads around slowly, trying to see where they were, but no one rose to alight. 
Then the door opened. The driver climbed down into the road, lighting a cigarette. He took a deep breath and exhaled, the smoke and steam of his breath casting a large cloud around him as he stepped out. He turned and shut the door behind and walked across to the Inn. They watched as he pushed through the door, he stamped his feet to knock off the snow and kept his head low as he made his way wordlessly to a table in the corner. 
As he settled, taking off his cap, scarf and gloves, the innkeeper's wife arrived at his table with a large shot of schnapps. He lifted the glass in a trembling hand and took a sip, all the while, not one patron looked at him directly. They kept their eyes down and kept completely silent just as he did. As though there were some shared shame.
Nicole looked back out to the bus. The figures had risen now and a few were moving slowly about the vehicle. Their heads moving as they glanced around. 
"I think there are women on that bus."
Dryden rubbed some mist from the glass of the window by his seat and squinted out at the dark shadows of the passengers. A hand briefly slapped against the glass. A woman's hand.
"Dryden? What are they doing with a bus load of women?"
Her voice was betraying a growing anger.
"Give it a minute. I'm sure they're okay."
She nodded and gulped some of her drink.
"It's just what the fat man said... About experiments."
Dryden pushed his cup over to her.
"I know. Just stay quiet, let's see what happens here."
More lights appeared and their curiosity was answered. An armored truck with black paintwork and eight thick and snow covered wheels thundered down the road like an avalanche of deadly steel. The wheels locked as it broke hard, churning up the snow and scraping angrily against the road's old cobbles.
The truck had halted with its lights burning into the bus interior and its engine keeping a steady, angry growl. Inside the bus a crowd of women could now be clearly seen racing to the back of the vehicle. The truck's four doors opened in perfect unison. 
Eight men in black uniforms jumped out to land in a crouch, their boots crashing through the ice to crack against the ground. They rose as one and walked in broad determined strides toward the bus. There were ten of them and they were each indistinguishable from the next. They wore black, on black. Boots, trousers, belts and leather uniform jackets, on their heads, black helmets. But the most terrifying thing about them, were the skull masks they wore fastened over their faces. Silver grimaces of bone and teeth. The black eyes, were dark glass sockets, the mouths, a terrifying row of sealed, sharp teeth that must have housed integrated gas masks.
The soldiers surrounded the bus and watched as the women scrabbled around frantically not knowing if they should look for an exit or some safety behind the seats.
Then three of the men in skull masks pounced.
Nicole jumped with fright at the speed and terrifying single-minded attack.
The men didn't communicate but acted in unison, leaping up through the glass of the windows and grabbing hold of their prey. They tossed the women like rag dolls out through the broken frames, some were ripped by the glass as they flew out, before crashing down on the icy road. One girl who could only have been about thirteen tried to rise and run through the line of soldiers but was quickly grabbed by the hair and dragged kicking over to the truck. The rest of the women were too dazed or terrified to move when they hit the ice and snow. The men from the bus then climbed out carrying another three women and followed to the truck. The truck doors slammed shut and bolts were pulled, in seconds there was silence save for the idling engines of the two vehicles facing each other, one, a predator filled, the other a devoured and dark empty carcass. 
Throughout, Dryden had held Nicole's hand in a tight grip. They were both helpless and they knew it. But it didn't stop their fury from burning.
The front door of the truck opened and another man climbed down. He wore no mask. He was tall and blonde with fine muscular features. High on each cheekbone he proudly displayed two white ceremonial scars, the most traditional sign of an Officer trained in Schlager dueling. 
The Officer neared the Inn and opened the door. He marched slowly through the silent crowd of seated drinkers and stood in front of the innkeeper behind the bar.
"Some cognac please Herr Bendtner. We appear to be running low at the castle,"
As the innkeeper quickly obliged, looking for an unopened bottle, the German Officer leaned back on the bar languidly and looked around the room at the lowered heads of the locals.
His gaze settled on the couple in the booth by the fire. A small flash of a smile caught the light as his eyes met Dryden's. Dryden gently raised his cup to the German and smiled back.
The German then turned his dark eyes to Nicole and tapped the brim of his hat.
She didn't react, her eyes were locked on his.
He held her stare for a few seconds and his brow furrowed.
The innkeeper broke the silence as he placed a bottle of dusty cognac on the bar.
The officer turned and looked at the bottle.
"Not quite what I had in mind. But thank you Herr Bendtner, I expect we'll be drinking our fill with something different tonight"
He made a curt bow and turned, looking at the room. Every eye of every person was down. Except for one. The woman in the corner who still stared. He coughed as he walked out of the Inn and back to the truck. Nicole's hate-filled eyes followed him every inch of the way.
The bus driver finished his drink and pushed himself up from the table. He pulled his scarf, hat and gloves back on and returned to his vehicle without contact with another human soul. His sin was one that no person at the Inn ever wanted to admit to having witnessed. Because every one of them knew, they'd done nothing. Which made them just as bad as the men committing the brutal acts.
The two vehicles backed away from each other. The empty shell that was the bus and the full muscular might of the armored truck. One left the village the way it had come, the other rumbled up the road to the castle. They left the black scars of their tracks and splashes of blood and glass spread across the snow, glittering in the moonlight.
Dryden and Nicole looked at each other in silence. They'd seen the enemy up close. Now was the time for action.
They didn't speak, and all thought of trivial conversation had been extinguished.
After a while the drinkers began to drift out into the night. They wished each other muted goodbyes and shuffled out through a fresh flurry into the darkness to their homes. 
Homes and wives they protected in the only ways they knew. Ways they all believed had been consigned to folklore. Garlic, crosses and blessings of the local Priest and the obscure Saints he worshipped.
The innkeeper busied himself clearing the bar while his wife wiped down the tables. As her husband worked his way through to the back of the building she moved over to the table with the strangers. She put another log on the fire and jabbed at the cinders with a poker to coax some more heat from the grey mass.
Nicole ignored her presence and spoke in English.
"Why didn't those women scream?"
Dryden looked sideways at the innkeeper's wife, who didn't appear to have heard. He knew why Nicole was beyond caring, it had happened to fighter pilots he knew. It was some sense of surrendering to fate, when the danger and odds seem insurmountable, people walk blindly forward.
But Dryden didn't answer. The Innkeeper's wife, Frau Bendtner did. In English.
"They cut their vocal chords at the camps before they bring them here. The Captain doesn't like them to scream. He thinks it's uncivilized."
Nicole's face was blank.
Dryden looked at the woman by the fire. She continued.
"We had a daughter. She was nine when she disappeared near the castle."
Dryden clenched a fist around the empty metal stein. It buckled and bent like nothing more then paper.
The woman continued.
"If you are here to help, I pray god goes with you. And I pray you send every one of them back to hell."





Chapter 35

The next two hours passed slowly as they moved up to their rooms and attempted to rest. But all either of them could really do was to prepare their equipment. The options available to them had dwindled rapidly over the journey. They were armed only with the snub nosed revolver, a few bullets and the sawn-off as well as their own blades, Dryden's curved Chassepot and Nicole's shorter Fairbairn-Sykes Commando dagger. 
They spent a short while dismantling the beds and furniture in the bedrooms as silently as they could to salvage every long nail they could to use as makeshift pitons.
Nicole ripped the black dress into strips and tied it around the baggy trousers for increased mobility and insulation. Dryden followed, tightening his suit around the ankles and covering the white shirt by strapping his chest in strips of blackout curtain. Their clothes looked ragged, but fitted tightly and were now completely black, a stark contrast to their pale skin and black and red hair.
Dryden took the sawn-off shotgun and strapped it to his side, he tied the bayonet to his back while Nicole filled the pistol and strapped it to the outside of her thigh. She kept her own blade sheathed on a belt.
Armed as they were and wrapped in the jackets and gloves they'd scavenged from the car, they coiled the length of rope and opened Dryden's bedroom window. The cold air rasped in like a dying breath and they nodded a silent good luck to each other
They dropped down from the window of the room with ease and moved silently along the back alleys of the town, they made their way toward the darkness of the cliff face that reached up the sides of the high mount the castle was hewn into.
The main entrance was clearly to be avoided, even from the village they could see the machine gun emplacements that traced the brightly lit road up to the giant, solid castle door. If they had somehow, miraculously made it that far, they would then have faced a sheer climb up the front facade, past tiny windows hosting more guns all the way up to castle battlements covered in barbed wire.
The rear of the castle however, was less well guarded. The previous occupants and builders having trusted in nature to protect them from that approach. An approach even the most daring mountaineer would have baulked at in the light of day. This however, was a night approach, in freezing, icy conditions.
They skirted around the buildings until they found the snow-covered trees that surrounded the castle on its mound, from here it looked like a great black island in a sea of white.
They made their way up the first part of the slope through a series of sharp rocks and scree, looking up occasionally to assess the ascent. They settled by mutual agreement on the route that offered the lowest part of sheer wall, but the longest stretch of jagged, ice coated cliff face.
"You ready for this?"
Dryden whispered.
"I've read several journals by the geographic teams who mapped the Himalayas and transcripts of ascents of the Eiger."
He shrugged.
"Well, that's more academic training than I've done."
Dryden unfurled the rope and started tying a loop around his waist. Nicole didn't move, she seemed doubtful.
"But you have done this before haven't you Black?"
He thought for a moment.
"No, we have elevators in New York. But how hard can it be?"
Dryden found out quite quickly.
The rocks of the cliff face were razor sharp and the intense cold coursed sharply through their wool gloves.
He led the way, jamming the first two nails into a small crack and looping the rope through their protruding angles, the chances of it holding them after a fall were slim, but it seemed the right precaution.
Nicole followed up the first few meters, looping her own rope between the two nails before pulling more of the rope through for slack.
Dryden was higher now, he'd looped the rope through a further three sets of nails and found handholds more difficult to stretch to, in the darkness his keen eyesight revealed why, the larger cracks had been filled with cement. He looked around for the next handhold, but nothing was within reach. The nearest was at least twice his own height higher than the tiny ledge the tips of his fingers clung to. He looked down. They were high enough to shatter their legs and backs in a fall, it looked to be around forty feet to the ground and jagged slope. High enough to crack open a skull like an egg. He focused. It was a dangerous height, but if the rope slowed them at all, they might have time to turn and land. If they were lucky they might even land in the snow and could perhaps rely on their strength to take the impact as they had in the parachute jumps.
He felt his gloves slipping and gave it no more thought. He pulled a hand away and quickly pulled the glove off with his teeth then snapped his hand back to the tiny crack of rock. He pushed up with all his strength and reached out for the next handhold. He felt himself soaring and his strength carry him higher and faster than he'd imagined was possible. Twelve feet vertically up a sheer face, Dryden Black soared as though defying gravity and felt his face brushing against the rock of the cliff face before grabbing the next handhold with unnatural ease.
He laughed to himself as he positioned his feet comfortably. He leaned his body back from the rock face and looked down through his legs at his climbing partner.
"What's keeping you?"
Nicole ground her teeth before tensing for her own leap, then, like a cat she darted upward, her hands outstretched for her own handholds.
She caught hold of a thin ledge of rock and smiled at her success. But then the gloves slipped and her hands fell away, her body tilting backward. Dryden's hand darted out and he grabbed her wrist. His own nails digging into the slither of rock he held both their weight by.
There was an instant of stunned silence as she hung in the cold night air, forty feet above a mess of jagged rocks. Dryden's nails scraped slowly closer to the edge. They locked eyes, Nicole's fear a blankness of expression, eyes wide.
"Take off your gloves. Your nails are strong enough to hold you."
Slowly, without a shudder of movement, she puller the glove off her right hand and reached over to the thinnest crack of rock, punching her nails hard into the tiny gap, Dryden felt her body tense and her weight shift. Gradually at first, her human instinct not trusting the strength of four such tiny and delicate things. But the nails her mother had clipped as a child and she'd learned to paint as an invalided teenage held as though made of steel and attached with rivets.
Dryden felt all the weight disappear and let go of her wrist. She hung by her right hand and slowly moved her feet out to find curves in the rock that would lend support, finally settling her other hand against a curved piece of rock.
He nodded, sweat freezing on his forehead.
"Looks like we were making this climb harder for ourselves."
She gulped down the fear and shock she'd felt from nearly falling and nodded silently.
They continued the climb without the need to loop the ropes or hammer in any more nails. And like two dark spiders clinging to imperceptible cracks and grooves in the sheer wall, they climbed. Scuttling past each other in bursts of speed.
They reached the edge of the roof together and grabbed the ledge, hanging freely under a sharp row of icicles. Nicole swung her body out from the wall and spun up onto the roof in a backward somersault. She scrabbled to get a footing as her boots slipped on the ice before turning her body and digging in her strong nails. Her legs hung precariously over the ledge momentarily before she climbed hand over hand up the slant of rooftop to the flatter slates.
Dryden chose a less gymnastic approach and knocked the icicles off before climbing hand over hand directly up onto the roof. He followed her to the flatter section and they stood looking out over the swaying white-capped trees.
The wind swept dusts of snow off the roof like a cold breath. And around them they saw the tangle of towers and fortifications of their enemy's lair.
Dryden nodded.
"Let's go."
They found their footing on the icy roof quickly and were soon darting between the towers, along the peaks of steep rooftops.
The roof was dotted by a few access hatches, but they were constructed of sheets of reinforced metal, their edges flush with the steel frames they were set into. At every hatch, they stopped to try prizing it open, but each was bolted tightly from the inside, there seemed to be no way in.
Dryden stopped and looked around from one of the high spires.
"Someone's done a very good job of sealing this place up, steel hatches, walls smoothed with concrete and even the arrow slits on the towers are bricked up."
"Any ideas?"
He looked around, scanning the dark expanse one more time.
"Just keep looking... Wait a minute."
Over The next peaked roof, he caught a glimpse of light. With the slightest sound of his boots scraping over the ice, Dryden slid down the slope and slowly crept over toward the glowing slither. Nicole followed and they started to hear the voices they should have detected long before.
"Damn Dryden, we should have just listened for them."
He silenced her with a raised hand.
They saw now that the slates that lined this part of the roof were newer than those around them, though it was barely distinguishable under the coating of ice. One of the slates revealed a low orange glow along its edge. Dryden slipped his fingers under it and pulled. The slate snapped and a chunk of ice came free with it, through the gap, they saw a window.
Dryden moved his eye to the hole and saw the figures of three men at a long table in a great banqueting hall far below.
"We've got them."
There was a crack as Nicole pulled a whole slate free and then set it down. She looked in through her own part of the window. They could see in through a grimy row of high set skylights that overlooked the vast room. The hall was lit by candles around the walls, flickering across an array of tapestries showing scenes of hunts. Image after image of knights and noblemen chasing down deer with packs of dogs, hacking at bears covered in gore, wild boar impaled on lances and then over a great raging fire that dominated the longest wall of the room, one more tapestry. It was different to the rest and somehow out of place. It showed two men standing over a field of carnage and fire, a blood red moon behind them.
The three men at the table seemed relaxed, the table was set for thirteen but they sat at one end drinking from silver goblets, talking loudly and confidently.
Nicole whispered.
"What's the plan?"
"We wait, even with three of them we're outnumbered. So we wait, we watch and we listen. And then we figure out how to get in there, find the lab, find their Doctor and find a way to blow the hell out of them both."
"I'm good with that."
They brought their faces back to the gaps in the slate that opened out to their view of the hall.
Below them, the three Germans were languid in their movements, relaxed, slow and talkative.
"They look a bit high."
Nicole glanced at Dryden, she didn't understand.
"Yes, they are rather tall."
Three more soldiers came slowly though the hall's great door and made their way to the table, their every movement relaxed and certain. It reminded Dryden of the panthers he'd once seen at the Bronx zoo, they didn't need to move fast, their meals were brought to them, their every need seen to by staff, they were masters in their lair. 
The new trio greeted the original group and they started to move around the table looking for their places. Four more arrived and took their seats. The table was almost full, save for the last three places at the head of the table. Then he arrived. The same blonde officer who had come to the inn. He wore a completely black uniform and carried a sheathed blade at his side. The rest of the solders Dryden now noted, carried only the ceremonial blades of the SS. This was a Prussian officer of the highest breeding. The soldiers stood to attention as one when he entered. He buttoned his black gloves as he walked across the room to his seat, his gleaming leather boots clicking rhythmically on the cold paved floor as he filled the room with a cold snap of frost.
He took his seat and looked up at the soldiers taking in their uniformity, smiled and glanced down at his empty glass.
"Be seated gentlemen. We are dining well tonight."
The soldiers nodded and smiled to each other as they took their seats and eased down to their places.
Dryden again noted the extra two seats. Their places were set but they obviously weren't coming. The officer was unfolding his napkin and tucking it in his collar.
"Hans, would you be so kind as to show the ladies in?"
A thin pale man in the middle of the table grinned broadly and nodded."
"Of course Herr Captain."
The younger man stood quickly from his seat almost dancing to a door at the far end of the room. He turned a key and opened it to reveal a further barred gate.
He sang through.
"Oh Fraulines? Time for dinner."
There came a sound of shuffling feet from behind the gate.
"Now now ladies, don't make me come in there and get you."
His voice was mockingly coy as though teasing a teenage first love.
The other soldiers watched and began egging him on.
"Oh Hans, can't get a date for the evening."
"Hans, try your best smile, show them your teeth."
The men laughed at this and one slapped the table and shouted.
"Come on! Come for dinner girls!"
Hans turned back to the table and laughed in a high-pitched squeal.
"Perhaps they need some encouragement! Eric, put a record on and I'll ask the ladies to dance."
The whole table was more animated now, like a pack of animals scenting blood. The one called Eric looked up to the Captain for permission and received a short nod. Even the controlled Prussian manners were giving way to carnal excitement. The soldier darted from his seat sending it crashing and splintering against the wall behind him. He opened a phonograph closet in the corner of the hall to reveal a series of horns. He shuffled through the records lined up in the drawers.
One of the Germans called over.
"Hurry up for God's sake!"
Another stood and shouted.
"And not bloody Wagner!"
This was met with a swift icy glance from the Captain. The soldier who had shouted sat down, to a descent into silence.
The Captain's face then changed as he gave it some thought.
"The Fuhrer loves Wagner, as should any good German. But as our guests are French, what about a little from one of their own? Edith Piaf perhaps?"
The table stamped their fists with approval. Eric pulled out a record and tossed the sleeve aside. He placed it on the turntable and cranked the handle rapidly to start the record spinning. The needle slowly descended and the clinking of the piano accompanied by the wavering Frenchwoman’s voice filled the room.
The soldier at the gramophone ran out to the middle of the room and shouted to Hans.
"Send me one out, I want to dance."
The lithe young soldier grinned in response and darted through the doors to the gated room laughing and whooping.
There were gasps of fear and the unmistakable shuffle of frantic attempts at escape. Then moments later Hans emerged dragging two young women by the wrists. Both were thin and bedraggled. They wore the same brown uniform dresses and their eyes were dark and red with tears. Neither of them could have been out of their teens. Hans flung one of the girls to the table where she was grabbed by one of the seated Germans, he pushed the other across the room and she toppled landing on the ground in front of Eric.
He leaned down with a hand out.
"May I have this dance?"
The girl looked up at the outstretched hand and seeking any chance of mercy, put her own hand in it.
He wrenched her up and off her feet, holding her in the air like a rag doll, her toes inches off the ground.
"My goodness, a ballerina!"
He span round swinging the girl so her dress fluttered as though she were pirouetting around him in an ethereal ballet. But her other hand gripped at her wrist and her face was filled with pain.
The Germans at the table cheered and laughed.
Then, a loud snap echoed through the room, the girl's body spasmed and went limp, the German dropped her. She lay on the ground, her hand hanging at an unnatural angle.
"Oh dear, it's broken. Send me another Hans!"
Hans laughed and again, ran into the room.
"I'll send a few out, let's all dance!"
The soldiers were out of their seats and making a semi circle around the room, Hans started pulling the girls out one by one.
The injured girl lay still on the cold stone floor. The only eyes on her, those of Dryden, Nicole and the Captain.
The Captain stood and walked across the room to the girl. She had passed out from the shock and pain of her arm snapping.
He stood over her for a moment while his men each received their dance partner and began mauling and spinning them around to the fast jig of Piaf’s ‘Milord’.
He finally bent down and picked her up, gently carrying her back to the table.
The music slowed and the Captain held the girl in his arms for a moment, whispering something, then laid her on the table, her body straight across the width. He patted down her dress with soft careful strokes along her body. He put her legs together and pointed the toes out over one side of the table. He then moved to the other side of the table and again, stroked her dress into place neatly and arranged her arms down her sides, being especially caring with her red, snapped wrist.
Above him Dryden looked down on the still female figure, he watched the Captain arrange her dark hair around her soft white skin. Straightening every curl and tangle to hang over the edge.
The music was fast again and the soldiers cheered before spinning their wide-eyed partners. Some of the girls attempted to break the grasps of the men but were passed from soldier to soldier with such fierce grips they couldn't resist, only run along with the possessed speed of the dancing Germans.
Nicole saw their fear and their mouths opening with screams, but they didn't make a sound, there was only the music and the men.
The Gramophone slowed. Edith Piaf’s voice draining, deepening and becoming a slow groan.
The Captain turned to the room.
“The party is over gentlemen.”
He picked up his goblet from the table and placed it against the unconscious girl’s neck. He then took a knife from the table and slit her throat open, the blood gushing out across his arm and filling the cup. Her body convulsed and she woke, her eyes wide in appeal. The Captain pressed his hand down on her chest to keep her still and looked at the full cup.
He smiled and drank. The girl watched him gulp down her life, crimson specks dripping onto the white napkin neatly tucked in his collar to protect his uniform, and her eyes moved to the heavens.
The rest of the women watched in horror as the Captain drank. Then one by one they realized the fate that awaited them and the soldiers fell on them.
Necks were ripped open by tooth and claw, the noises of crunching bone and ripping flesh filled the air. One of the girls had her dress ripped open and saw the man’s dagger digging in to extract her still beating heart, she tried to scream but couldn't, it was a nightmare made real. Another young woman was thrown down to the floor on her back and the solder buried his head in her, his jaws crushing and gnawing wildly.
Blood sprayed across the floor and soon the only audible noises were the scraping of desperate nails on stone floor, gasps of deathly terror and the gulping of the men who took their fill in their feeding frenzy.
Dryden and Nicole were frozen watching the orgy of carnage, their hands on their weapons. Nicole was the first to react. She pulled the revolver from her pocket
He grabbed her wrist
“No, we can’t help them now, and we have to get the lab.”
Her eyes were red with anger and terror and her hand shook in his. She couldn’t speak.
“We have to destroy their serum, their lab. It’s the only way to stop these freaks.”
She glanced back through the gap in the slates and through the window. Below, the girl on the table’s eyes were fluttering closed, her blood had slowed to a trickle and the Captain sat back enjoying another glass. Her eyes moved and she looked up at the high windows. She saw the woman’s face and mouthed one word.
“Mercy.”
Nicole stood, and raised the gun.
“Nicole. Don’t do it, don’t…”
He was too late, she kicked the roof and window with all her might and sent it crashing into the hall in a shower of broken slate and glass, the soldiers instinctively covered their heads as the destruction rained down across the room. She leaned in through the wide hole, aimed and fired a single shot into the girl’s heart. The boom amplified against the stone walls and the bullet cracked through the wooden table.
Every soldier’s bloodied face was raised to the woman in the eaves with the gun. She had the time to aim for one more good shot. She found the one called Hans, his arms deep in the open abdomen of one of the slaughtered women. She fired two shots with deadly precision and his eyes disappeared, the bullets ripping through them and taking most of his brain out through a single hole at the nape of his neck. His head dropped into the pool of guts with a splash.
There wasn’t another chance to fire as the black figures scattered like a swarm of cockroaches hiding from light.
The order came from the Captain.
“Kill her!”
Nicole saw movement from ever corner of the room leaping up onto the tapestries, into the eaves, crawling up the stone walls, charging toward her. She fired and hit stone. She gasped and stepped back from the hole. A figure jumped up to where they stood, clinging onto the sides of the roof and filling the hole. He snarled and showed sharpened teeth in a mouth covered in dark gore.
She felt herself pulled back and Dryden stood before the beast. In a burst of movement, he pressed the sawn off shotgun into the German’s chest.
The man in the window looked down at the gun and his face changed. Dryden nodded.
“Your turn."
The flechette shot blew his chest apart, the tiny darts ripping a hole open where the heart would have been. The body flew back and down into the room to slam into the table, breaking it in half with an almighty crash.
Dryden turned to Nicole.
“Run. I’ll lead them away.”
She hesitated.
“Run!”
More figures leapt up to the window. But they’d learned not to attack through the hole and crashed through the glass beneath the slates. Nicole saw hands punching through the roof around them and looked at Dryden one last time. He cocked the shotgun and planted his feet for the next attack. 
She ran.
The next soldier through the roof came crashing up next to Dryden’s feet and grabbed at his leg. Dryden pressed the gun at the other man’s wrist and fired taking the hand off instantly. 
He backed away as he cracked the gun to refill the chambers. Arms and heads were emerging around him, they would be on him in seconds. He walked back slowly and clicked the shotgun shut.
“Alright then. Who’s next?
The answer came quickly. 
Two of the soldiers made it through the roof and pounced up simultaneously, attacking him from both sides. Dryden pointed the gun at the one on his right and quickly fired the first barrel, the soldier reacted as Dryden had hoped and dodged away quickly, Dryden was already loosing the second barrel a few feet to the left and judged perfectly the speed of the first Nazi Vampire's movement, who dodged directly into the second shot's path, taking a face full of lead that ripped off the front of his skull and brain, dead... instantly.
He swung the empty gun in a full arc at the second attacker and smashed it hard into his face, shattering the metal and wooden body of the weapon like a rotten branch. 
The German fell.
And Dryden ran.
He ran in the opposite direction Nicole had taken across the ice-covered rooftops, pursued by five energized, ferocious and angry Vampires.
But Dryden had spent a lot of his youth running and he was pretty good at it. 
He'd run from the neighborhood flatfoot on a daily basis, then it was the other local gangs, then cops, gangs armed with guns and finally Federal officers. And on more than one occasion these chases had taken in the rooftops of New York.
These new pursuers were no doubt fast and agile. But deep down, they didn't have as much desire to chase as he did to escape... The pursuer never did.
Dryden knew what he had to do, find the longest, most instinctively terrifying leap possible run like hell and go for it. He rounded a corner on a flat and glanced back at the soldiers, they leapt and ran using their hands as much as their feet, the grip in their long nails digging into the ice to steady themselves. They even used their hands like the forelegs of animals to vault over obstacles. He'd never seen anything like it, they moved and snarled like baboons or wolves. He had to find the dead man's leap as soon as possible. Then, out of the night mist, a tower, appeared slowly like the prow of a great ship in a dead calm fog.
The roof of the tower sloped at a garish angle, it was at least thirty feet away and much higher than the level he ran on. He had no way of knowing the height of the drop, but he wasn't going to lose speed to check.
The edge came closer and he felt one of the Germans behind him. In the milliseconds before he leapt, Dryden saw the rooftop drop away to a small slope into a void of white mist. He jumped, swinging his arms wildly to add momentum to his trajectory. 
He flew high and far. He sped up toward the sloped edge of the only chance of survival he had. The wind hissed past him as he flew. The distance of the jump was at least four times anything Jessie Owens could have achieved but even at that unimaginable velocity, it wasn't enough. Dryden saw the power in his jump waning. He stretched out his hands in the hope that he might catch the ledge. 
In his mind, time seemed to slow. The ledge was inches away and his hands clawed at air, he swung in one last attempt to force more momentum and his fingers touched the ice. He brought his other hand around in an arc and dug in. The ice crackled and he scrambled wildly for traction. He had a grip, but the ice that covered the roof was breaking away under his nails, he grabbed frantically anywhere for another handhold, he found it on one of the long icicles that hung from under the guttering. He grabbed for another and felt it break. He grabbed at another, his right hand was slipping down the icy spike. The next broke. He tried again, fear filled him. This one held. Dryden tried to shimmy up the icicles but there was no grip. He hung limply above the blank abyss. 
He saw only one route and started working his way around the roof, hoping to find a better handhold. He went from icicle to icicle, most of them snapping as he grabbed, with every movement there were fewer to cling to and his hands slipped further down. He glanced down into the white mist, there was no way of knowing what lay below. He looked quickly over to the other rooftop. The Germans stood on the ledge, watching. There were six of them now. The one he'd hit in the face had joined them, his ear hanging loose.
He was right, they hadn't pursued him, but waited instead or him to fall. Dryden kept around the roof and found himself on the other side of the tower. And just under his flailing legs, he saw an open arrow slit window. He reacted instantly and let go, swinging his arms for the window, he slid a hand in and got a grip. Relief swept through him and he found himself breathing for the first time since he'd fled the horde. He felt a sudden beat of his heart and realized his whole body must have paused for the pursuit. He pushed both hands into the tiny gap and leaned out to the side to see if the Germans were still waiting. 
They saw him lean from the tower and smile at them... And they reacted.
Dryden watched as two of the soldiers joined hands to make a cradle while the one with the injured face ran back across the roof to build up his speed. They were going to boost him like gymnasts onto the rooftop above Dryden. He had to move fast. He moved up the short length of the narrow opening and stretched up for the ledge, it was just out of reach.
He heard a crash, the German was on the roof. There was a second of silent pause on the ice above him, then movement, scratching above. Then more silence. Dryden craned his neck to see up at the ledge, the still figures of the Germans on the other side of the white mist watched in silence.
In a dark flash a shadow swung off the roof and kicked Dryden with both feet it the ribs. Dryden was smashed against the hard wall and winded. The German clung on to the ledge with one hand and grabbed Dryden's wrist. He pulled one hand from the window easily and stretched Dryden away from the wall before he had a chance to overcome the shock of the first attack. The German now braced both legs against the wall and pulled Dryden from his last hold. For a moment Dryden hung over the emptiness, strung out like drying laundry. But his grip held firm, he had balled his fist in the narrow gap in the window and was anchored in with more than his own strength. He looked up at the snarling German as he tugged and tugged at his other arm. Dryden twisted his own hand around his attacker's wrist. He smiled.
"My turn."
Dryden wrenched with both arms, the one jammed in the window and the other digging into the German's flesh.
His foe's expression changed, he was dragged down from his perch and the guttering on the roof came away with him. A loud scream of cracking, splitting ice and timber echoed through the night. Dryden slammed the Nazi into the wall with all his might, bones cracking on the cold hard stone. Ice and debris rained down above them and the stone wall above shifted, loosening. Dryden let go of the German's wrist but the Nazi kept his own grip, and clawed at the British agent. Dryden felt his fist slip from the window and saw that the wall was breaking apart. He pressed both feet into the wall, pushed off and out and let his fist flatten. As the two combatants flew out into the emptiness Dryden made one final grasp for the last overhanging icicle. Then, together they flew in silence down into the white sea, splashing through the blank, flat fog with a noiseless wisp.





Chapter 36

Nicole heard the horde storm after Dryden from her hiding place. She had only managed to turn a corner before she heard the loud boom of his first shot. She'd spotted a small boarded up door in an alcove and crouched into it. There were another two shots and then the charging of numerous chasing killers. She went cold. She was on her own now, the scraping and bounding of the chase drifted through the cold mist to her, moving further and further away.
She took a moment to check her ammunition and weapons. There were two bullets left in her gun, she thought back to the great hall and realized that none of the Germans had carried a gun. Beyond the machine gun placements that faced the main approach to the castle, the only weapons in sight had been blades. She had no hope of re-arming, when the ammunition was spent, her knife would have to help her through the rest of the night. She cradled the gun and put her shoulder to the door, pushing slowly harder and harder. It started to bend in and the wood groaned. She planted her feet more firmly against the edges of the alcove and pushed harder. At first, there were few small cracking sounds but soon they were a choir and the door started to snap on its hinges and she felt her weight moving through it. Then with a crack the small door shattered and she fell through into a dark, dusty corridor. Mice scattered from the flood of moonlight and burst of splinters. 
She found herself looking down into the sealed off rafters of a long room. Left or right, both looked as dark as the other. She considered the prospect of being pursued through these dark spaces and decided it was preferable to being chased over open ground, at least here they couldn't dodge a bullet and would have to face her one at a time. With a renewed sense of security, Nicole crouched down and turned left toward the depths of the castle, shuffling along through the darkness.
The narrow passage weaved its way along the rooftop, adjoining the sealed eaves of more and more rooms on the upper level of the castle. In some places it narrowed so much she had to crawl along on her front, and more than once she reached a dead end where, unable to turn, she had to squeeze back through without the guidance of her hands to find her way through the maze. 
She didn't know how long she'd been in the eaves and walls of the castle or how far she'd come when she noticed a distinctly different smell seeping through from the room in which she now found herself crawling in the ceiling edges.
She paused and concentrated her senses. It was a surgery. A heady concoction of spirits and electrical machinery filtered through the thick layer of wood and plaster. And deeper under these scents, she smelled fear, pain and desperation. The sweat of people whose chemicals were crying out for mercy or rescue, whose bodies had pumped testosterone, adrenaline and breathless blood through their veins. 
She realized in a flash. She had found Machlis' lab. She sniffed again, deep and with her mind focusing on the exact scent she was trying to trace. 
She felt her mind soar through the imageless room, dragging the scents from every corner of the lab below her, from wooden drawers, along leather lined books, wet sinks and the damp cupboards beneath them, from sterile lab tables and past row upon row of chemicals. She identified every one until she found what she was looking for... Methyl Nitrate, high explosive rocket fuel.
She felt around for the edge of the boards that sealed the wooden walls from the stone structure of the building and pulled a board loose. She felt a cold rush of air as the gap between the walls was opened up to the fresh air it had been denied for years. She pulled another board away and shimmied down into the space between the walls. It was tight, uncomfortable and claustrophobic, but Nicole pressed on and using her feet for purchase slid down through the space to the floor somewhere below. She reached ground level and turned her body so she faced the inner wall of the lab, she pressed her ear against the wall and listened. There was a hum from heavy machinery and a collection of clicks, whirs and spinning dials from behind the wall, but she heard no voices or movement. She inched further along the wall listening for any sign of activity in the room beyond. Still nothing but the noise of some very large machinery.
She pulled her dagger from its scabbard with a slow scrape, the blade sharpening itself as it was drawn. She pointed the knife into a soft plaster section between two strips of wood and began boring a hole to see into the room. Slowly and methodically she scraped out a spy-hole and light shot through with a white heat that shocked her darkness adjusted eyes. She closed her eye and moved it to the shard of light, letting her pupils take in the brightness behind her eyelids. Slowly she opened her right eye and moved it to the hole and looked through. She saw the machine. She saw the clicking cogs, whirring dials and exhaling pistons. She saw the iron sinews, giant claws and plate armor chest, she saw the huge pistons that drove the limbs on this enormous mechanical suit of armor that stood eight feet high. She saw the black metal and the marking on the chest, the SS skull, but with sharpened teeth. And she saw the face of the man inside the giant suit, his head framed inside the open metal jaws of a wolf shaped helm. 
And he, with a yellow grin of broken teeth, saw her. 
The last thing she saw was the man in the giant, mechanized armor charging towards her, his huge clenched fists raised, his mighty machine assisted legs crashing forward at the speed of a panzer. And then there was a moment of pure noise that stunned her ears into deafness, before complete darkness and the peace of nothingness took over.





Chapter 37

Dryden ran blindly through the forest away from the castle walls. He mentally checked himself for injury and beyond the crashing force of the fall he sensed no serious damage.
The fall had felt in turn like an eternity and only milliseconds. The slow moments happened as they fell away from the wall and he grabbed out for the icicle. The German had clawed at Dryden's face but Dryden held him firmly at arms length, he pulled the icicle forward and lined the point up against the German's chest. The German looked down and saw the point and Dryden's own chest pressed against the flat, broken top of the ice spike. His snarl receded as he realized what was about to happen and then... They were in the fog. 
The world felt still, nothing around them moved until suddenly, with the loud crack of a dozen bones simultaneously breaking, they crashed into the cold hard ground. A tiny layer of snow burst out in a cushion around the German, but it wasn't enough to stop the force of the fall and Dryden's own weight on top shattering his chest, spine and skull, and it wasn't enough to stop Dryden's weight pushing the icicle through his heart. Dryden felt the body burst beneath him, cushioning his landing and apart from bruised limbs that might not have been fully protected by the body, he was fine. And he ran.
He took nothing of his surroundings in. Running down a steep hill, he crashed through low and fallen branches that ripped at his clothes and flesh. The ground leveled out and he kept running, instinctively dodging the trees. The rules of evasion in New York were simple, "run till you can't run any more." so, gradually he started to concentrate on the situation, they would find the body of their fallen comrade quickly and they would regroup. This enemy didn't need to go searching for torches or work out his route, they would be on his trail soon and with revenge on their minds. He had no hope of extraction and finding another way back in to destroy the lab and complete his mission seemed an impossibility in a heavily fortified castle full of Nazi Vampires... worst of all, he'd left Nicole somewhere in that damn place.
He wasn't out of breath and the painful pounding in the chest that normally stopped a runner wasn't there. Dryden realized that in his viral state, he could probably keep this pace up for hours. He halted. He needed to think. And in the moment of silence, when he let his heart beat again, he heard the hunters. The thunder of horses crashed through the woods, their riders screaming encouragement and roaring with delight in the thrill of the chase.
And all around the hunters, he heard the crunch of paws digging through snow for grip. Lots of them. 
"More bloody dogs."
He drew the curved, fifty-year old bayonet from his back and took a breath, he looked around for a good set of trees to keep behind him for the inevitable attack.
The pack seemed to turn as one in his direction and he heard the horsemen follow, taking a wider arc to turn and avoid the thick undergrowth. As they drew closer he made out the snapping, snarled excitement and howling of the beasts on the edges of the pack. He noticed something different. The howl seemed more tuneful than a normal dog. The frequency was different to the caged mutts they kept around the warehouses and docks in New York.
He remembered the Dracula movie, when the English visitor heard the wolves outside the creepy castle, Bela Lugosi called them the children of the night and said... "What sweet music they make."
Dryden sighed.
"They're taking this Vampire shit far too seriously."
He saw a white streak in the darkness ahead. The first wolf. Then another darted past, they were circling him, using their own keen night vision and sense of smell to find his exact position, his weakest point.
He looked around quickly, he had a wide, high tree to his back, some open ground in front, he could hold off the wolves if they attacked one by one as the dogs had, but if the two hunters attacked on horseback he'd have a fight on his hands. He weighed up his options. Both the riders were physically matched to him, both better trained and probably better armed. He remembered the tapestry in the great hall, the beasts being ripped apart by the pack before the hunter rode in with his lance to finish the kill. He assumed that it showed the Germanic hunting tactic. And it would work on most of god's creatures. But Dryden didn't believe in god. So he sheathed the bayonet onto his back, and he climbed.
The Germans walked their black stallions through the darkness. Each held a long and intricately patterned axe headed lance that bristled with extra spikes and sharp edges. And it seemed that outside the confines of the castle they were more partial to firearms, they were each backed up by a heavy duty machine gun, a Haenel Mkb each, strapped on the back of their saddles.
They watched through the darkness as the wolves circled their prey. On the command of an electrically charged collar, the wolves would attack. Their instinct for caution overridden by the chemicals they were injected with each day.
The lead rider pulled a small transmitter from his jacket pocket nodded to his companion and pulled the attack trigger. The wolves exploded through the wood as one, their snarls and growls a chorus of death. The Germans smiled and watched the forest floor being torn apart by the ravenous pack. The lead rider, a pale, gaunt man leaned forward in his saddle and smiled, he licked his lips at the thought of the carnage he would witness when he rode in to destroy the intruder. 
But something didn't seem right, the wolves were still snarling and snapping but now they jumped and scratched. They were leaping at a tree. The bastard had climbed. He inclined his head to look up into the dark forest canopy. And then he heard a dull thud.
He turned to his companion, who stared blankly back at him. The other man's mouth was slightly open.
"Sebastien... my head."
The lead rider looked up at his companion's head. A long curved blade was embedded directly in the top of the other man's skull. He watched as a slow trickle of thick blood crept down the side of his cheek and his eyes rolled up and backward as though trying to see the hilt of the weapon that had skewered his brain. The rider followed the dying man's gaze up into the trees and saw the killer, the man they had ridden out intending to hunt down.
And suddenly he knew the cold dread of trapped prey for himself.
Dryden leapt out of the trees as the German turned his horse. He landed on the saddle behind him and instinct took over, he dug his teeth into the German's neck and ripped. The German screamed and swung his elbows, the lance shaft hit Dryden on the head and he pulled back, he looked for the blade of the lance and ducked as the German managed to swing it behind himself. It came back again and Dryden rolled off the horse to land in a crouch. He immediately leapt up onto the other horse, wrenching his bayonet from the dead man's skull and tossed him aside in a smooth movement. 
The German rider kicked at his stallion and charged away dropping his lance to hold his shredded jugular in place while Dryden turned his own horse to pursue. They thundered back up the hill towards the castle road, both horses being driven hard by their riders. Dryden swung his bayonet around his head and roared as his horse gained on the terrified German. 
The rider glanced back and saw his pursuer. The wolves were gone, his companion was killed and the man they'd chased from the roof at speed, who'd survived a fifty foot fall and evaded wolves by leaping into treetops had killed his brethren that night. He realized quickly that this was no normal man, their greatest fear had come to pass. The British had the formula to create their own Vampyr.
The German leaned forward as his horse climbed the steep edge of the road, he saw his enemy arrive at the foot of the rocky slope and knew in a flash that it was a leap the British Vampyr could easily make from his own horse onto him in seconds. The German closed his eyes tightly, waiting for the sword in his back. But it didn't come, his horse clambered on to the road and he looked back at the pursuer struggling to control his own mount up the short slope.
Dryden saw the German look down at him in what seemed to be incredulity, then spur his horse on with a hard kick to the ribs, up the road to the castle.
Dryden heard the German speed away as his horse broke into a gallop up the snow-covered road. His own mount finally made it to level ground and Dryden looked down the distance between them. He gripped the bayonet in his hand and took a moment to weigh up his odds. He could ride up to the castle gates like a knight to save the damsel, or... he could go with his own instinct and be what came most naturally to him... A mobster with a machine gun.
He turned the horse away from the castle and kicked it to speed down the road.





Chapter 38

Nicole awoke to a head filled with pain and a mouth full of the thick coppery tang of her own blood. Which as with every other animal on earth, held no attraction for her.
She opened her eyes and raised her head, she felt blood matted in her hair and sticking to the slab she knew she was lying on. The hair tore out of the damp mess and she looked down at her body. She was on a metal autopsy table that sloped in from the four sides to a wide drain just below her groin. Her wrists and ankles were bound by thick leather straps secured to the table with chains. She was in the center of the lab, the room had the high white plaster walls she'd crept behind, and every surface was covered in shelves of bottled chemicals, specimen jars and equipment that looked like it belonged more to a torture chamber than scientific research facility.
There was one thick wooden door to the room and a smaller door in the opposite corner, in the center, sat a raised concrete platform with a chained, barred cover across the top of what looked like an oversized well. She strained her neck some more and saw that the lid covered a pit with sheer walls clad in plates of polished steel.
She tugged at the bonds more in hope than any belief that they would break, felt the chains take every ounce of her strength and gave up. 
"Bastards."
Her voice echoed around the empty lab and then disappeared into the wood, plaster and stone of the room.
She knew from her studies she had to now assess all options, consider all outcomes. But there were no options. She had no say in that part of her future whilst chained to the table. All she could consider were the outcomes.
She was chained securely to a metal table in an enemy lab... And she'd just been knocked out with one punch from a man in some kind of mechanically enhanced armor that made him twice the size of any human and much stronger than any Vampire.
There was a groan from the pit.
Nicole lifted her head and listened. Another groan followed the first. And then a chorus of desperate, hungry, dry rasps followed. Somewhere at the bottom of that ancient medieval dungeon, were people. But they didn't sound like anyone she'd heard before.
She pulled again at the chains, fear gripping her, her heart pounding.
She stopped. She heard the scrape of bolts opening and looked over at the door.
A tall grey haired man with deep-set eyes and sharp cheekbones walked slowly into the room. He wore a white lab coat over a black suit and waistcoat. His heels clipped on the flagstones as he moved around her, his grey eyes unflinching from hers.
He came to the edge of the pit. And the groans abruptly stopped. The beings in the depths scraped around much more quietly now, as though cowering, huddled closely to one another.
"How do you like my oubliette? I've filled it with my first generation Vampyr, the experiments... I was considering throwing you to them. But as Wolf rightly noted, your blood flowed too slowly for a human. So, I must assume that the little half-Jew pulled it off. 
Herzog stabilized the virus enough for a woman to survive. Clever little man."
He looked down into the pit.
And turned swiftly to her.
"Thirteen supermen. Thirteen of the greatest Aryan warriors in history.
An army of disciples trained for the glory of the fatherland, trained to destroy the figureheads of enemy states...  
With stealth, subtlety and precision. 
A noble contest indeed."
He smiled and closed his eyes to picture his own words.
"And at the heart of it, a duel of minds. Between two warriors of science... 
A chance to finally settle the balance of power between the noblest European nations....
Something that would have gone down in history... 
An epic tale for the ages."
He leaned in close to Nicole and looked deeply into her eyes. He shook his head. And whispered.
"And you come to fight them with the subtlety of..."
He stood up straight, his eyes full of fury.
"A sawn off shotgun filled with screws!"
He slapped her hard and fast before she could react, more of her blood spattered onto the metal table.
She looked up at him and bared her teeth.
"Try that again and I'll take off a finger."
He smiled and turned away.
"I don't doubt it my dear. You must be getting hungry."
He moved to one of the workbenches and looked at the bottles. Before selecting one with a dark liquid inside. He turned again to Nicole and slowly unscrewed the cap on the bottle.
The scent hit her with the first turn on the cap. Her stomach lurched and spine buckled with insatiable thirst.
She heard the beings in the pit scratching and snapping in a frenzy of their own hunger that made her needs seem minor. They were clawing at each other to reach up the walls, she heard every nail drag across the metal and every sinewy stretch of muscle pleading up to the top for the blood.
"You presumably know...  I am Doctor Machlis. You know about my programme and my chosen thirteen."
He tossed the bottle across the room and watched it smash on the edge of the pit, just a few drops and solitary trickle dripping down the edges.
"But you certainly don't know about my research into this virus. You can't imagine how long I could keep you alive on a minimal amount of blood. These specimens haven't been fed for months. 
And yet...
Fascinatingly, they don't die. 
They just get thinner, greyer, and... 
Well, much more bestial than they were before I took them from the work camps."
He moved over to the autopsy slab and leaned against it just beyond the reach of her chained left hand.
"So. What to do with you then, hmm?"
 Nicole hissed in reply.
"Whatever it is, I urge you to make it quick, because very soon, I'm going to get out of these bonds and rip your throat out."
Machlis didn't react. But put his finger on her stomach just below her waistband. His grey eyes again met her own furious green irises.
"I'm going to use you."
He moved his finger slowly up, over her abdomen and between her chest. 
She tensed and stayed taut as solid as iron.
He settled at the button of her top between her collarbones and undid it.
Then another.
And another.
Her shirt was undone to her bra and she shuddered.
She forced her body to relax.
He noted the change and whispered."
"I haven't had the success of Herzog in creating a female. And I do need a mare for my stallions."
He grinned.
"Women don't belong at war. They belong in the home.... So I'm going to breed you."
To reinforce the blow of what he had landed with words. Machlis dropped an elbow and all his weight on her stomach.
Nicole was winded and gasping.
Machlis stood and marched away from the table.
"Decision made. You have too much Celtic aggression in you to create disciplined German officers, so I can't breed you with any of my finest, so..."
He shouted in German.
"Wolf! She's all yours."
The large doors swung open and the giant, dark Georgian in the mechanized armor suit crashed into the room like a guard dog at his master's call. His pistons screamed as the heavy steel boots advanced, he halted just feet away from her, his eyes thirsty for violence. He looked down on her body and his shoulder twitched. The tiniest movement set off the whirring mechanics and his arm moved up to her, the giant hand in its metal glove hovered over her throat. Nicole took in the full horror of the suit the dark man wore. Machlis leaned over her and looked at the glove, its studded knuckles smelled of dried blood and bone.
"Isn't he magnificent? He was already three times stronger than any of our men before the serum and now... Well, just look at him."
Machlis circled the table gazing up at his creation.
"No other human in the world could move in this suit, but Wolf. His people are from the eastern Russian Steppes, where they talk of women lying with dogs and men with wild animal in the bloodline."
Machlis threw his hands wide.
"Wolf took to the serum with gusto. 
His body grew stronger, his skin darkened and he grew hair all over."
Machlis leaned over and conspiratorially whispered.
"I am starting to believe there may be a lot more monsters of folklore out there than we thought."
He continued walking around the table.
"When I find them, I shall breed them with you too.
And I shall create an army of monsters... Just like Wolf.
A living, breathing, walking tank."
His pace quickened as he set into a list of his creation's strengths.
He can run through walls like a normal man runs through a cornfield, rip the turret off a tank as you or I would knock over a table. He can withstand heavy machine gun fire, he can be fitted with artillery, machine guns or flamethrowers. He can cover any terrain at speeds of up to forty miles an hour and the only fuel he needs is available from any enemy. He will fight house to house, he will kill every man woman and child in his path. And he will be an unstoppable force in the invasion of London."
He stopped and looked at Wolf's hovering hand
"And his armored gauntlets... can crush a man's skull like a peach."
Machlis turned and marched toward the door in the corner of the lab. With this, Wolf's metal hand grabbed her wrist at the leather bindings and pulled. The chain snapped easily and she felt the steel fingers around her arm lock in place. She had no hope of struggling against such an immovable force. Wolf grinned down at her through his armored visage and pulled her up so she was stretched between the hand chained to the table and the arm he had his grip locked around.
A terrifying thought flickered through her mind. And then the Doctor called across the lab.
"Careful, you might rip her arms off."
Wolf looked around at his master and nodded. The gears in the thick neck armor clunking as he moved his head.
He dropped her back on the table and grabbed the other arm, snapping the other chain off as easily as he would have broken a piece of twine.
Nicole had a moment to contemplate escape as he let go of her hands and went about snapping the chains around her ankles. But as soon as her legs were free he dragged her from the table with such force she slammed onto the hard ground with a violent crack to the back of her already damaged skull. She saw darkness for a moment as the pain shot through her then felt herself rise. Her nerves screaming in agony. Wolf had her hair in his fist and was lifting her from the floor by the bloodied tangle.
He dragged her behind him as he made for the large doorway from the lab. Nicole's heels scraped wildly to catch up with the speed he seemed to move at, matching only the pain he inflicted.
She managed to grab the tangle of hair at the base of his fist and then fitted her other hand between her hand and skull. She knew what she had to do to escape, and she knew it would hurt. With all her strength, Nicole De La Roche, a girl who had spent most of her young life invalided and alone in her room reading books, chose, rather than to be brutalized by a psychopathic killer to rip out her own hair and fight to the death.
She pulled as much of the hair as she could grip between her two hands and felt it rip. Other clumps detached at the roots took shreds of scalp with them and some came out of the metal grip.
In seconds she was free and spinning away from the monster in metal. He turned and looked at the clump of red, matted hair. He opened his fist and let the hair drop.
Across the room, Machlis edged closer to the side door.
"For god's sake man, just chain the bitch back on the table and do it there."
Wolf advanced and Nicole dodged him, she was snarling and arched like a cornered cat.
Machlis had his back to the corner door and watched Nicole twitch one way and then the other as, with a spin of cogs and dial, the man in the large armor suit slowly tried to match each lightning fast move.
"Knock her out Wolf. Beat her and then take her."
Wolf smiled and licked his lips. The order for direct violence appealed to him and he prepared to charge.
Nicole saw the cogs in his knee joints whir before the legs moved and she dived out of the way, but not quite fast enough. As Wolf crashed into the stone wall through a stack of wooden shelves, glass beakers and the plaster inner wall, he managed to clip Nicole with one flailing arm. She was propelled across the room and tumbled over a desk, hitting a cabinet full of chemical jars.
She rose to see Wolf stomp out of the cloud of dust, his eyes narrow and filled with hate.
She looked around the room for a nearer exit, but Wolf's giant frame covered the area between her and the door and then behind him, was the open pit.
She knew she would have to fight and stood up straight, taking a deep breath. Then, out of the confusion of noise, pain, anger and fear, her senses took hold.
She noticed a familiar scent. 
She glanced behind her at the cabinet of chemicals. She didn't have time to decipher the gothic German script on either label, but she saw the chemical compounds on the two jars she would need in a flash and without hesitation punched both hands through the glass and grabbed the jars.
Machlis peered over at her and saw a flash of a grin from the woman whose face was almost entirely covered in blood and whose hair was standing in wet spikes all over her head. She looked possessed. Something was wrong.
Machlis saw her throw the first jar, it shattered across Wolf's chest, the man in armor didn't flinch, but advanced to the other side of the desk the woman he pursued found herself behind.
She raised the second jar.
Machlis knew in an instant what she was doing and gasped.
Nicole threw the second jar and ducked behind the desk, not waiting to see firsthand the explosive effect of combining glycerin and potassium permanganate.
The eruption of fire threw Wolf off his feet and shattered everything around him. He stumbled back and fell, his body landing next to the pit, his face a dark mess of smoking damage, his chest armor shattered.
She watched the tangle of flesh and metal move limply, Wolf's ironclad hands pawing loosely at the armor cage around his chest. Machlis stood in silence at the door.
Nicole walked over to the man in armor and saw his blackened face. One eye stared out from the crisp flesh, she didn't know if the eye spoke of revenge or begged release. Either way, she was doing the same thing to him. She crouched down and grasped both his giant, studded heels. She pushed hard and felt the tons of armor scape across the floor toward the pit. A groan came from the man in armor as his head twisted round to look into the depths. She felt his weight begin to tip him forward and gave one last push. Wolf tumbled head first at speed. She heard the creatures in the pit dive out of the way and a giant crash of metal on the bottom.
Nicole followed the sounds and stepped up to the edge of the pit. What she saw below chilled her to the bone. The naked creatures were grey in tone, and morbidly thin, their skin just a translucent cover on bird-like bones, muscle and sinew. They looked up at her, yellow eyes narrow and cautious, then they smelled the crushed being in the heap of metal. She saw their sharp teeth bared and watched them pounce like cockroaches, clambering all over the suit for access to the blood inside, their hunger uncontrollable.
She turned away when she saw the first of the grabbing and scratching hands emerge with a ripped handful of flesh that went straight into the open mouth, swallowed whole. She walked back from the pit and heard more rips as hunks of the man in metal were torn from every part of his body. He was conscious enough now to start screaming. Nicole felt a moment of revulsion as she realized his thickened blood and increased ability to heal would make his death last much longer than any normal man would have had to endure. 
Her thoughts were broken by a loud crash as Machlis slammed the door shut. She heard bolts being drawn. Nicole leapt over benches to the closed door and hit it with a kick with all her force behind it. It cracked but didn't give. She ran back and kicked again. Another crack. 
She heard his footsteps running down the corridor beyond. He was getting away.
She kicked again and again, but the door held. It had to have metal braces beyond.
Nicole again looked around the lab. Her eyes set on the giant porcelain sink. She raced over, grabbed both sides and heaved with every ounce of strength in her body. The concrete base cracked and she heard pipes burst and water spray. Slowly the tiles around the wall snapped off and the giant stone base came away. Nicole moved her shoulder to the middle of the block and hoisted it onto her shoulder, her veins bulged with the effort and she felt the weight straining against her bones. She turned and charged at the door, letting the momentum of the weight of the concrete and stone base propel her forward. She felt the weight move ahead of her and let her legs make one last push to dive at the door. It shattered and she flew through the splintered wood landing on the sink base as it cracked into twenty pieces.
She looked up through the dust and saw Machlis at the end of a long corridor. He held a Luger, but it wasn't pointed at her, it was pointed to his right, through the bars of a cell. The corridor was lined with them.
"Very impressive frauline. And now you have me trapped."
But he didn't show the composure of one trapped. He fired the gun and there were a series of gasps from the other cells. A body fell and the heady aroma of blood rushed through the air to Nicole. It was the scent of a young man barely in his teens.
Machlis turned the gun to the other side of the corridor and pointed it into another cell. There were quick movements as other prisoners rushed to avoid the point of the barrel.
"I have several young subjects in these cells. Will you let them die? I assure you I can shoot many more before you can even get close to me."
Nicole stood.
He pulled the trigger there was a scream and another body fell. She couldn't see into the cell but from the scream and quick drop of the body, knew there were two women in the cell.
He warned, flatly.
"Every step closer you come another dies."
He twitched the gun.
"This young subject is fourteen, her mother is in the pit out there, I was planning on seeing if she had any sense of human emotion left by throwing the girl down there or if the mother would feed with the rest of them."
Nicole clenched her fists.
"What do you want?"
Machlis took aim.
"A foolish question frauline. Obviously I need you to surrender or I kill every single prisoner. And I might add..."
He squinted an eye as he took more deliberate aim.
"I have the two Frenchmen you brought with you in the next cells along."
Nicole was stunned and involuntarily shuffled her feet forward an inch.
She looked down and saw that she'd moved and quickly stepped back.
He chided.
"Tut, tut. I told you not to do that."
The voice of a young girl came from the cell.
"Please sir..."
He fired and another body fell
"No! Stop it! Please I surrender! Just stop."
Machlis walked back a few feet and pointed his gun in at the next cell. He spoke to the occupant.
"Say hello to your friend."
Nicole heard Bruno's strained voice.
"Nicole. If you are able, come down here and kill this Nazi bastard."
She called back.
"Bruno, are you alright?"
Before he answered Machlis pointed the gun at another in the cell and spoke in German.
"Take the manacles and come out of the cell."
He took a bunch of keys from his pocket and tossed them through the bars.
Nicole listened as the other occupant fumbled with the keys. A small arm reached out of the cell and turned the key in the lock. There was a scrape of chains and a small girl opened the cell door. She was only about Ten years old and wore a grey fading flower-patterned dress. She carried a large pair of manacles and stood before Machlis.
"Chain her hands behind her back."
The little girl walked down the corridor toward Nicole, her eyes wide with fear.
Nicole put her hands behind her back and waited for the girl.
As she came closer, he ushered Bruno from his cell, the Frenchman looked at her with shame, he was heavily bandaged and walked toward her on two crutches.
"I am sorry my friend, it seems that not every monastery is loyal to the Joshuans."
Machlis opened another cell and Pascal emerged into the corridor, he was badly beaten and his head was bowed, a broken man.
The little girl clicked the bolts into the manacles and turned a lock on each bracelet. Nicole pulled against the chains but there was no give.
Machlis smiled and called down to them.
"Now, walk with the girl in front of you and the Frenchmen on either side. If you move an inch in a way I don't direct you, one of them will die. So think carefully about where you step."
The Frenchmen took up their places on either side of her.
Machlis walked down the corridor and stood behind them.
"Now let's see what's become of the last of your little band."





Chapter 39

The German Captain stood in the center of the great arched hallway that was the castle entrance. A giant fire burned with logs the length of a man and its blaze filled the room, casting the other men's shadows across the high walls. The room was lined with suits of armor, ancient, polished axes, broadswords, shlagers, sabers and dueling epee. Above them hung a collection of sigils representing every Major house of Germany. Only one tapestry adorned these walls. It showed two ancient brothers fighting the Ottoman hordes in what was known in arcane history as the battle of evil.
Above the tapestries, an arched balcony ran the length of the walls overlooking the large entrance door.
The rider stood bowing before the Captain, shame and fear gripping him. The Captain spoke coldly.
"He killed Steiger and you fled?"
The prostrate soldier nodded. The Captain was about to speak again, when two more soldiers entered the room, they escorted an injured comrade. 
The man slumped to his knees before his superior. He clutched the ruined wrist of his arm, holding back a trickle of fresh blood among the slow coagulation of his own vampire blood. The officer looked down without reaction.
"You lost your hand soldier."
"I'm sorry Herr Captain. He was faster than us..."
The Captain's face changed.
"Faster? Faster than the Fuhrer's chosen thirteen?"
The soldier winced with pain.
The Captain leaned down and looked at the shreds of flesh.
"That needs to be cauterized."
He stood up and walked toward the large fire.
 "Put your arm in the fire and hold it there until I tell you to take it out."
The soldier's eyes showed terror.
"But, Captain, it's healing."
The answer was short and sharp.
"That's an order."
The soldier crept over to the raging flames, his arm shaking.
"Sir. Please."
Now the Captain's voice cracked.
"You have failed us! You have failed the thirteen! And you will be punished! Now put your hand in the fire, I want to see you burn!"
The soldier put his arm near the fire and the flesh steamed. He gritted his teeth as it started to sizzle and spit as he moved it closer. 
Through gritted teeth, he screamed.
"For god's sake there are only a few of us left now. The thirteen is destroyed!"
The Captain shuddered. His face contorted in a vile sneer as he spat his next command.
"Hold his face in the fire and burn this shame from memory."
Two of the soldiers rushed forward and grabbed the injured man.
They twisted his good arm behind his back and lifted him, he screamed at the forthcoming agony and was helpless as they lifted him and threw him face first into the blaze. His head landed in a pile of red embers sending sparks all over his assailants. They winced at the heat as they held his body down to let the flesh burn to the bone. He thrashed and twitched as they held him steady for what felt like an age to the assembled soldiers. All the time, the Captain grinned at the screams and spasms of pain. The rest of the men in the room knew this was the only time he ever let the mask fall and show his emotion.
The body stopped twitching shortly after the eyeballs exploded into the flames and the two soldiers who had carried out the order stood. They were steaming from the heat on heir skin and their clothes smoked with light burns
But, in a room that should have been silent, they heard a roar coming from outside. An engine gunned to its full capacity, being pushed through the night, towards the castle.
They turned and looked at the giant wooden doors. Heavy, fortified doors designed to withstand battering rams, trebuchet and sustained assault by an army of medieval foot soldiers.
But they were also doors held together by nails and brackets as old as the stone walls. Nails that had been at the mercy of the elements for hundreds of years.
The men guessed what was about to happen, a car was racing toward the doors at breakneck speed. It should take the weight of a tank to crack these barriers. But all the same, they felt themselves backing away from the huge wooden guardians as light burned through the cracks at the base, the sides and in-between each of the long large carved lengths.
The car engine roared as it was driven at its limits, the gears roaring like an army of devils. There was a tremendous screech before the almighty smash of the back end of the Mercedes Benz 260D swinging round in a handbrake turn to shatter the wooden metal frame of the doors from their stone housing. The doors were forced forward and dropped as one large slab with a deafening crash. As the German soldiers looked up from their instinctively blocking arms, they saw the red rear lights of the large car glaring out from a cloud of dust like devil's eyes.
The car door opened and a man smoking a cigar and carrying a heavy machine gun stepped out.
Dryden Black grinned behind the clenched smoke he'd found in his pocket.
He raised his left hand and let his fingers form a V shape.
"Knock knock you Nazi fuckers!"
He opened fire with the Heanel Mkb Machine gun. He felt the sudden kick of a field gun normally braced by a tripod and saw the air fill with large blasts of fire as a stream of lead was sprayed into the room.
The first German had no warning and no time to react, his head was cleaved open by three ruinous bullets striking within inches of each other through his mouth, nose and forehead, his head burst and belched brain across the ornate tapestry behind him.
The trail of destruction then snaked across the wall, blasting holes in the stone as it looked for the next victim. Dryden caught the next man in the chest with two hammering blasts. Before the first had hit the floor and the second had left his feet, the blasts were seeking out more enemies to rip through, for all their speed, bullets were still much faster than vampires.
Dryden's third target reacted more quickly and dived for cover behind a freestanding suit of armor by the brightly burning fireplace. His eyes widened as he watched the bullets blast holes through the thin metal, pockmarking it from the head to the chest. The German behind it scrambled to hold the armor before him.
And then, Dryden saw the figure charging him. Before he could swing the gun about to meet his attacker, he was frozen in fear by the beast that came for him. A burning black skull with sizzling dark liquid where the eyes should have been, advanced, its fleshless mouth wide, teeth bared, and the black stub of a tongue stretched out from the bloody throat. Dryden raised the gun to block the charge and was knocked high and wide, hitting the side of the car, the beast on top of him snapped with a guttural, bestial hunger.
Dryden was pinned to the smashed refrigerated trunk of the car, the thing's only hand scratching at his eyes.
He found himself screaming incomprehensibly as he struggled to push the thing back off with the flat of the gun.
There was a blast, a flash and Dryden's eyes and mouth were filled with hot, thick blood. He felt the beast die and slump against him. He fell down with the weight and shock.
He breathed hard and managed to reach a hand up to wipe one of his eyes clean. He saw the officer with the smoking Luger.
The German spoke.
"I believe the correct response to knock knock is... Who's there?"
With that, he fired two bullets into Dryden's gut.

He regained consciousness in agony. There were the screams of a woman, and intense heat. He couldn't move his arms or legs and the pain in his gut was worse than he'd ever experienced.
Dryden opened his eyes to see the fire blazing with a fresh pile of logs. He was strapped tightly into a high backed oak chair, his arms roped behind him, and legs strapped to the chair legs.
"Let him loose you bastards!"
He turned his head and saw Nicole high on a balcony overlooking the room, she stood with a small girl and beside them, he was surprised to see the Frenchmen. Bruno's eyes were wide with fear. Behind them, an older man in a white lab coat pointed a gun casually at their backs and smiled down at the unfolding scene.
Dryden heard the clip of the Captain's heels and the man stood before him.
"You did well. You've defeated more of my men than you deserve to have. But you fought with no honor."
He moved to one of the weapon displays in the room and pulled a sword from a gleaming splay of dozens of thin blades.
He held it up and examined the blade.
Then, in the blink of an eye, he plunged the sword into Dryden's left shoulder.
He screamed.
The German smiled.
"The Schlager blade. A Prussian officer's weapon of choice... Of birth in fact."
He swung the blade around in an arc and stood en garde, at the side of the chair.
"The scars these swords make are a sign of pure Prussian blood, and of nobility. They say it dates back to the Prussian crusade, when the Teutonic Knights arrived, spreading their catholic lies."
He touched the blade high on Dryden's right cheekbone and wiped the blood across his face, mocking the scars he proudly displayed on his own cheekbones. The Schlager scars that distinguished a Prussian officer over any other in the German army.
"The Teutonic Knights were not welcomed by the Prussians. Do you know any of this history?"
The bound man shook his head.
"The Knights were Christian fanatics. They slaughtered women and children in the name of the Pope. They forced the Prussians onto the battlefield, where they outnumbered and outweighed the ancient people in arms and armor. They were brutal. And the Prussians were decimated. But they kept fighting. They fought until their entire race was wiped from the face of the earth."
He pointed the sword at one of the bullet holes, where a steady flow of blood crept from Dryden's abdomen.
"The Catholic army had no mercy, no honor. So, the Prussians, before they were completely consumed, created a very special death for the Knights they captured, something to remember them by. They disemboweled them. Pulled their intestines out inch by inch and foot by foot with metal hooks, then they burned the Knights' insides on the grill of a fire pit, before their eyes." 
Dryden shuddered despite the heat from the blazing fire before him.
"You fought without honor, and you will die as such.
High in the balcony, there was a shocked intake of breath. Dryden looked up at Nicole and managed half a smile.
"If you've got such a turn-on for honor, give me a sword and I'll cut your balls off with honor."
The Captain laughed.
"You think you can tease me into a duel? And deny my men seeing you tortured?"
"I think your men would rather see you fighting than torturing."
The Captain's eye twitched. Dryden knew this transparent challenge had actually struck a nerve. He held the stare of the other man. He knew not to try to press home any advantage by goading him any further. He'd seen men try that before when they were in a losing position. It normally ended quickly and brutally.
The Captain stepped back.
"Untie him and give him a sword."
In a few seconds, his binds had been released and he found himself standing from the chair. The pain from the shots ripped through him as he rose.
He looked around at the remaining three German soldiers. The one from the woods stood toward the back of the group. All eyes showed suspicion and hate.
Dryden held his gut with his bleeding left arm and reached out to take a sword that was handed to him. He limped out into the middle of the room and glanced up at Nicole. There were tears in her eyes as she held the little girl close before her. Pascal crossed himself and closed his eyes in prayer. Bruno tried a nod of encouragement, but knew he was watching a bloodied, mortally wounded man stumbling across a room to face his end.
Dryden turned and lifted the blade, pointing it out before him as best he could. The closest he'd every come to swordplay was as a child using sticks to reenact scenes from old movies he'd seen.
His opponent stood ready. He pointed the blade along his eye-line directed at Dryden's face.
"I'm going to make you beg for death."
Dryden was exhausted and in pain. And in the first time in his life, after years of warnings not to be a smart-ass... he had no smart-ass answer. He was surprised by this, but shrugged indifferently, knowing he was spared death by torture for something hopefully quicker and less painful.
"Meh."
Denied a duel of words, the Captain swung his sword in a quick short backhand slash, aiming to flick out Dryden's right eye. But he wasn't used to his own enhanced reactions being equaled and to both men's surprise Dryden easily parried the blow.
Dryden stepped back, ready for the next attack and felt a surge of confidence flood through his veins.
The next attack came, a feign at the head and lunge for the stomach. Dryden dodged the feign and turned his body to avoid the point of the blade that pierced the space where his body had been. He swung his own sword desperately, connecting with nothing, but showing his opponent he wouldn't go easily.
The two men stepped back and the German spoke.
"I see you have some instinct for this, though I doubt you..."
He didn't get to finish his speech, Dryden had backed up to a table and in a flash grabbed a heavy silver candlestick and threw it at the Captain's head. He ducked but it glanced off his elbow with a loud crack. The German's face showed fury.
Despite the pain in his left shoulder from the effort of pitching the candlestick, Dryden managed a grin in response.
"Shut up and fight you stuck up asshole."
The German attacked, his sword raised high. He swung down with blow after blow. If Dryden didn't catch it with his own blade, he was able to step back across the length of the giant room to easily stay out of reach.
Glancing back, Dryden saw he was running out of room and grabbed more things from the tables along the walls, he threw a pewter bowl, a single silver candlestick and a claret jug, the Captain dodged or parried them with his free hand but kept his attacks coming. His face was filled with murderous hate and his attacks showed none of the elegance he'd begun the duel with.
"You are a coward! You fight like the inbred filth of the cesspit America."
Dryden saw one more item on the last table. He picked it up and threw. He threw a long thin, perfectly weighted, gilded blade. And it flew past the parrying sword to pierce the German's gut, just below the belt.
The Captain's face showed utter shock as he grabbed the handle sticking in his bladder. He reached down and pulled the blade out, and rather than a gush of blood, a stream of pink piss flooded out wetting his grey trousers with a damp cloud all across his groin. The Captain tried vainly to stem the flow. Dryden tried not to, but couldn't help involuntarily pointing and letting out a loud howl of laughter.
"Ha!"
There were a few murmurs from the other men. 
The Captain glared at them in fury, instinctively fearing that they were mocking him. Dryden took his chance.
He swung the blade down at the Captain's head with all his strength, the Captain, from his prostrate position, still holding in his bladder, dodged back and parried. The blades clashes with a shuddering scream that both men felt through heir arms. He swung again from the opposite side, not aiming just swinging. Again the German blocked the blow as he stepped back, again and again, Dryden attacked with all his strength and his opponent moved back, frantically blocking. They had travelled halfway back across the room in a few flashes of blurred steel. Dryden could feel his arm and opponent slowing, he kept going, something had to give.
It was the Captain's sword.
Attacking in an upward arc at the German's face, Dryden stepped in close, the German could only block with the end of his Schlager and the thinner piece of metal gave way to the accumulated vibrations and force. It snapped losing a third of its length and Dryden's blade found a target, landing under the arm of his opponent, opening an artery that bled a lot more enthusiastically than any other injury. The Captain fell back to the ground, his eyes wide at the broken blade and a hand covering the new gash.
Dryden, was stunned, he had his chance. There would be no reprieve, no final words for his opponent and no message of triumph from him. He pulled his arm back, aimed the point of the sword at the Captain's heart and lunged.
His blow didn't hit home. Instead Dryden felt an explosion in his head and saw blackness as he flew across the room, the sword flying out of his grip.
He shook his head and saw the light return. Standing over him was a soldier holding a long shining mace.
"Don't move. You've lost."
Dryden shuffled back toward the wall as the three soldiers surrounded him in a small semicircle. They each carried heavy medieval weapons taken from the displays around the walls. The mace he'd been bludgeoned with a huge double-headed axe and a broadsword.
Dryden looked up at the balcony and saw Nicole gripping the edge of the rail with white knuckles. He nodded sadly at her. He was beaten, he only hoped she would take her chance to escape.
Behind the soldiers, their Captain stood slowly. He looked at the broken blade in his hand and frowned before tossing it aside. He shuffled over to one of the displays and pondered the weapons. He settled on a morning star, a spiked heavy ball of iron on the end of a long leather-strapped shaft.
He swung it around himself to test the weight. The air hissed through the spikes. He nodded, satisfied this brutal weapon would do the job.
The group broke ranks to let their Captain through to his victim.
Dryden stared up at the German. There would be no speeches this time. The Prussian officer had learned how to deal with someone from in New York. He raised the weapon.
"Wait."
Dryden raised a hand.
The attack paused.
Dryden put his hand into his jacket pocket.
"I have a cigar I'd rather not waste."
He pulled the tube from his pocket and looked down at it, glad in a way that his last smoke would be of such fine quality as a Cuban hand rolled cigar.
But it wasn't a cigar.
He patted his pocket again and disappointment hit him. It wasn't the cigar, it was a vial of thick, dark liquid marked with a large black X. He remembered pocketing it in Herzog's lab. 
And he remembered what Nicole had told him about the strength of the formula.
He uncapped the tube and tipped it at the Captain and his men.
"I'll see you in hell."
He drank, letting the black syrup pour down his open throat.
The taste was a sour twist on the flavors he'd grown so used to in fresh blood. It was as though concentrated through a high-pressure still, a whisky of blood. He swallowed and felt himself gag as his stomach lurched from the unfamiliar potency.
Then the pain hit. 
It hit every inch of Dryden Black's being. He felt his blood burning up through his veins, the pain rising into his head. His hands squeezed at his temples frantically trying to hold in the pressure. His head was about to explode.
The Captain smiled and lowered his weapon.
"He's poisoned himself. Leave him to suffer."
The others obeyed and stepped back.
Dryden thrashed and writhed, and the four watched as a dark pool of sweat spread out on the floor.
His back arched unnaturally as his muscles spasmed. He screamed, the agony echoing around the stone walls of every hall, room and corridor.
Then, he stopped.
He was still.
The Captain stepped forward to the dead man. There was no movement. Not a sign of life. He turned away and looked up at Machlis on the balcony. Then spoke in the direction of his prisoners, Nicole, Pascal and Bruno.
"A cowardly way to escape. You will not be so lucky Frauline. Or you Joshuans."
Nicole held the railing. Her options were limited. She could jump for the door and hope to outrun the pack. But would have to abandon Pascal, Bruno and the child. Or she could fight... But the odds only pointed at one outcome. And again, her thoughts went back to the small, pale girl standing before her.
It was over. Dryden was dead. Her eyes crept over to where his body lay. And she saw a twitch.
The Captain heard it too.
Behind him, there came a scrape of nails on stone. He turned to see Dryden rise, straight and fast.
His eyes were black with blood and the tendons in his neck bulged. He stood shaking like someone in a terrible fever.
And then, something primeval awoke. His muscles twisted and jerked under the surface of his skin like battling snakes. His body grew out of shape. In seconds, the thing that had been Dryden Black was a demonic version of a man. Its muscles warped and grew massive but in no order or pattern, his head was twisted to one side and his jaw distended and open. The soldiers backed away from the beast in their midst. The transformation stopped as quickly as it had begun. The black eyes stared at them with hunger. A growl from the bulbous veined throat. It stepped forward slowly and as one, they reversed. 
It was a hideously misshapen echo of the man they'd been about to kill, the limbs, twisted at angles as though broken looked human, but a human badly stuffed with something evil.
The beast appeared to grin, its teeth spaced wide and angled where the muscles in the jaw had bulged.
The Captain moved further back and managed a whisper.
"Kill it. Kill it now."
The soldier with the double-headed war axe swung.
Its shaft was caught and halted instantly. The beast turned the crooked deformed head to its attacker. It snatched the axe away and the soldier flew forward with the jolt. His throat was caught in the beast's other hand and the mouth opened. The German screamed as the giant mouth opened over his face. In a slow crunch of bone, the man's skull was destroyed and his eyes ripped out. Leaving a gaping hole through to the brain behind.
The thing dropped him and looked up for its next victim. There was a guttural laugh as bone and black blood fell from the mouth, chased by a swollen dark tongue.
The soldier with the broadsword raised his weapon. At the top of his backswing the beast swung the double headed axe and gutted him, his insides pouring across the hall and against the wall like a thrown slop bucket. He screamed and fell into his own pool of entrails, grabbing desperately to pull them back into his severed abdomen. The beast raised the axe and slammed it through the dying man's head, cracking the stone floor beneath with a loud crash of steel on stone.  
Then it struck again, again and again. It grunted as the axe smashed flagstones into rubble, dust mixing with thick blood and bone. It struck at least thirteen times with imperceptible speed before stooping to look curiously at the pile of carnage. It was crouched now. When it lost interest in the mess it had made, it snarled. The soldier with the Mace dropped his weapon and ran.
In a flash of speed the beast leapt across the room and was on him, he screamed as he felt the agonizing grip of the twisted hands close around his neck. It forced him to the floor and pulled. The soldier first felt the searing burn of the muscles in his neck and down his spine rip, then his veins pulling loose. His spine detached from his nervous system and the agony screamed through his body. Then the spine came out and his head was off. The soldier was still conscious when his wrenched head was turned to face the demon who looked at him with a gaping snarl of teeth before tossing the head and half a spine across the room and into the fire. He was still conscious as his head burned.
The beast stared straight ahead at the last man, the Captain. It raised one hand and licked at the dripping mess.
The German played his last card, he swung the spiked ball at the beast's head. But the ball was caught. It's long sharp spikes digging into the twisted hand, the thing not flinching.
The Captain looked into the black eyes in primal terror.
"What are you?"
He didn't get an answer, instead he was consumed. His neck ripped open in the twisted jaws of the most terrifying thing he could ever imagine. And he felt his blood being sucked out of his body. As his world darkened, he had one last thought.
"So this is how it feels..."
The creature lay heavily on its last victim, gorging among the carnage. The prisoners on the balcony watched in silence and fear.
Machlis was the first to move. The advantage had disappeared, all sanity had fled and he chose to survive. He moved back, the gun pointed at Bruno.
Nicole turned, pulling the girl to her side.
She looked at him with a sly grin under arched eyebrows.
"You lose."
His face was pale. He moved the gun between the Frenchmen and Nicole as he backed away to the door.
Desperate, he screamed.
"Give me the girl!"
Bruno shuffled forward, he sneered.
"You know the answer."
Machlis had reached the door. He reached behind, searching for the handle.
"So be it."
He pointed the gun squarely at Bruno's head, the Frenchman ducked aside. Nicole grabbed him to shield him from the bullet. There was a loud crack as the gun fired, Nicole and Bruno flinched, eyes tightly shut. When they looked up neither of them were injured. She turned to see Pascal's face in shock. 
But he was unhurt. He was staring down at the girl. Nicole screamed.
"No!"
The girl's stomach was a red cloud of blood, her face stared in shock at the door Machlis had disappeared through. Bolts were drawn from the other side.
Nicole turned the girl, whose hands clutched at the blood flooding between her fingers. In a faint voice, she whispered.
"My blood... My blood"
Nicole picked up the girl, she looked up at the bolted door. The other end of the balcony held another way out.
"We need to get her to safety."
Pascal ran to the other door. He turned the handle but it didn't budge.
"Bolted also."
He looked around. In the shadows to his right, a spiral stairway was built into the thick brick walls.
"We must go down, quickly."
He started down the stairs, Bruno followed.
Nicole stood cradling the child and was on her marks to follow when she noticed the sounds in the room. The feeding had ended. She looked down at the trail of death. In the middle of the room, a long twisted shadow was cast by the fire, the beast stood, soaked in gore. Its eyes filled with hunger.
It closed its eyes and the twisted neck and bulbous throat turned up to sniff the air. It caught the scent carried down from the girl cradled in Nicole's arms. It licked its blackened teeth and saliva dripped out of the bent mouth.
She backed up to the wall, holding the girl as tightly as she could.
"No Dryden. Please, no."
The beast leapt, high into the air between two chandeliers hanging in the rafters, its flight was arching down toward Nicole. She watched as the world seemed to slow and the black eyes met hers. Death was descending. And she heard the whistle on the air.
The scientific community calls it fugue, the world seems to slow, time crawls instead of flying and the eyes and mind take in every millisecond. Nicole had never experienced it quite so vividly as at that moment of her life.
The walls were the first thing she noticed. They seemed to bulge inward, the stone itself expanding like a balloon, then the dust burst from between the ancient bricks in a slow cloud of powder. The fire that followed was the last thing she saw as the red spikes stabbed through the fracturing stone. Then, the deafening, blast and intense heat of the direct hit of a 1,000lb bomb struck the castle and everything was gone, blowing the whole side of the hall in on itself. She saw the eyes of the thing that had been Dryden stay on her, even as the explosion shot it like a rag doll against the opposite wall in a burning hurricane of shattered bricks.

Ears ringing, eyes clogged with dust, and smoke filling their lungs, Pascal and Bruno stumbled down the stairs to a pile of rubble. They clambered down over the freshly cut shards of rock, feeling the cold of night air battling with the fires raging inside. The castle rocked as another bomb hit the other side. They felt the ground shake and the night was filled with the orange blast. 
They ran as best they could.
They were carried by adrenaline away from the hell.
Their eyes were closed to anything ahead as the darkness of the forest stood like a wall before them. Pascal turned back to look for another way and saw the armored vehicle the German soldiers had used to travel from the village to the castle. He hobbled toward it, his body straining as he took more and more of Bruno's weight.
There was another blast as part of the castle exploded, no more bombs had fallen but the two direct hits had done their job and fire was spreading through what remained of the roof, the blaze lighting the sky. The avalanche of wood and stone echoed around the mountains.
They reached the vehicle and Pascal pulled the door open. He supported Bruno as the older man climbed inside, before collapsing into the seat. He gasped a question as Pascal pushed the door closed.
"Nicole, the child, we must go back for them."
"No time."
Pascal slammed the door as he answered and sped around to the other side of the truck. He climbed in and looked around for the ignition. The keys were in. He turned them and pulled out the choke at the same time. The engine woke with a deep growl, the truck shaking itself to life. He flipped a switch for the electrics and turned the large vehicle away from the blaze. It bumped and climbed over broken slates and shattered wooden beams that had been fired out by the explosions. The truck was soon turned away from the castle and the headlights lit the wet road ahead, he shifted gears and pushed the accelerator.
"Stop!"
Bruno pointed in the road ahead. 
A figure was there.
Pascal slammed the brake and felt the vehicle strain as it slid along the cobbled street. The lights illuminated and blinded the figure and they saw Nicole holding the little girl in her arms, her hand outstretched hoping to stop the charging machine.
The wheels screeched to a dead stop just inches from them and the Frenchmen looked up from their own braced positions.
Bruno shouted.
"Get in quickly!"
Still blind from the explosion and burn of the headlights, Nicole felt her way around the vehicle and the door swung open for her. Bruno took the lifeless girl and passed her to Pascal before helping Nicole up and over him to the middle seat.
He leaned out to pull the door shut and glanced back at the castle. His blood froze as he saw the figure silhouetted by the wall of fire burning in the hall. The figure was bent over, the clothes smoldering, and its head was cocked, watching them make their escape.
"Sweet Lord."
He slammed the door and screamed across at the Priest.
"Get us the hell out of here Pascal!"
Pascal didn't need an explanation, the terror in the eyes of a man he'd never seen scared was enough.
The truck took off with a grind of climbing gears.
Bruno kept his eyes on the side mirror and watched as the figure leapt high out of his view.
"He's coming."
Nicole's eyes flashed.
"Black?"
Bruno was turning his head around the windows in a frantic search for their pursuer.
"Yes, or whatever he became."
Pascal pushed the engine harder.
"It survived the bombing? God help us all if that thing's running wild."
Nicole leaned over to the window.
"We need to wait for him. Stop the truck."
Pascal answered by swerving around a steep corner at speed.
"You saw what it did. That thing has a bloodlust that won't end."
They came to a straight on the hill and the truck picked up speed, Bruno craned his neck to see the road behind in the large side mirror.
"There he is again! He came from the trees."
And as before, within seconds, the form had leapt high into the shadows again and out of the background of flame that rose from every side of the castle.
They screeched down the last hundred feet of road and Pascal made a slow turn around the right angle that led them onto a length of single track that was hewn into the sides of the sheer cliff.
The headlights showed the drop to the left and the wall to the right, the road ahead was mercifully empty.
Behind them, from what Bruno could see of the red road illuminated by their rear lights was empty too.
The truck quietened to a regular hum as Pascal concentrated on keeping his wide wheels away from the edges.
Nicole was about to issue an order to stop when there was a loud thump on the armored roof.
They all drew breath, awaiting the worst.
There was a scratching on the roof of the vehicle.
Nicole looked up.
"Dryden?"
There was no answer. She called louder over the engines.
"Dryden, answer me!"
Again there was nothing. She turned to the Priest.
"Put your foot down Pascal"
He stamped hard and the truck jolted as it came to life again
They raced along the wall, Pascal held the truck as close to the side as he could and they saw the dark drop on the left begin to rescind as treetops crept out of the darkness of the 300-foot descent.
There were no more noises from the roof, Nicole pressed her ear to the top of the cabin to search for a trace and Bruno kept his eyes on the mirrors. Pascal slowed the truck as the road widened and leveled out. He breathed deeply.
"Perhaps it was a dump of snow that hit the truck. I think we overreacted. We can drive normally now."
They carried on for half a mile and came to a crossroads. A sign pointed to the Oster Airfield, five miles to the east. The road south would lead them to the Alps and possibly the Swiss border, so they pressed hard and straight south.
Then a voice they all knew called from outside the truck.
"Take a left here!"
Pascal hit the brakes and they all lurched forward to the dashboard. There was a tumble of movement from above as the body clattered down onto the hood and fell over the front to land in the arc of the bright lights.
They watched as the blackened torn form rose and stared in at them. His eyes were red with fury, his muscles tensed.
"Your driving is bloody terrible Priest! I should kill you for that."
They stared out the windscreen at him as he straightened and brushed down his jacket. He looked at the charred clothes and pulled open his jacket in puzzlement. He saw the blood that covered his ripped, burned shirt.
Nicole shouted out to him.
"Why didn't you speak sooner? You nearly made us drive off the road!"
Dryden didn't answer. He looked at the coating of carnage on his hands, his anger disappearing. And then he vomited.
Up came a stream of thick black blood, it snaked out in an uninterrupted gush to form a glistening pool that covered the ground in front of the truck, and it kept coming. Pints of it.
Finally he retched and nothing more came.
He was grey and his eyes streamed.
He looked up at the three people in the truck, his eyes were clearer but bloodshot, the rage gone and his body and soul drained, he collapsed.

Dryden woke to feel a hand on his forehead.
He was lying in the back of the armored truck. They were parked with the engine off and the light minimal. A small girl wrapped in blankets was next to him, and Nicole sat over them both.
"Dryden, do you remember being on the roof of the truck?"
He thought back, there was nothing but blackness.
"No. Last thing I remember was losing a fight with some Germans. How the hell did you get us out?"
"We all got ourselves out. The castle was bombed."
He squinted as he thought back into the lost memories, but it was as though a mask had been placed over him and only just removed.
"Apparently the Joshuans sent the coordinates to The SOE who must have gone straight to Bomber Command. Curiously, they forgot to mention that we were still alive and on our way there."
"Where are we, how long have I been out?"
"We took your advice, we turned left and we're a mile away from the airfield. We're five hours and several heavily manned roadblocks north of the Swiss border."
He looked round at the pale, serene face of the little girl. Her breathing was shallow.
"How is she?"
"She's stable, her pulse is very weak but the bleeding's slowed, I think the bullet may have missed her vital organs. But I don't think she’ll survive a charge at the Swiss border. What's your plan?"
He sat up on his elbows, wincing at the pain in his gut and wiped his blood soaked hair back from his head.
"I once knew a guy who had a scheme to sneak into Germany, kill Hitler and steal a plane to make a getaway. At the time I thought he was crazy, but, you know, it's such an insane plan it might just work, we'll need something with enough fuel to get home"
"Home?"
He nodded.
"Even if we get to Switzerland, they won't let us land, they'll shoot us down. The Germans make them a lot of cash. We'd have to land somewhere in the countryside. But if we can get to England, we can radio ahead to Croydon and have medics waiting."
She sat back, shocked at the prospect of flying across Nazi occupied Europe, across the sights of a hundred anti aircraft weapons and through skies dominated by the buzz of Luftwaffe fighters.
Dryden stood and looked around the inside of the truck, he found a towel under one of the seats and started to wipe down his face.
"And we'll need to fly low under the radar, just above tree level or either the Germans or the English will blow us out of the air."
"You can't fly that low in pitch darkness."
"Oh, I don't know, low flying is one of my many talents... I also mix a damn fine Martini."
He grinned.
"Do we have any other choice?"





Chapter 40

The plane was easy to locate. A small cargo plane normally used for supply drops, it was parked up near the edge of the fenced strip. It was a refueling airfield manned by a handful of guards who were inside the tower huddled around a radio relaying the news of a targeted bombing by the RAF just a few miles Northwest from them.
Nicole had made a quick run of the perimeter and found no guards on the airfield. Their protocol must have been to wait for orders during the threat of a raid. With no pilots in sight Dryden assured them that any fighters they had stationed at the strip had already been dispatched to seek out the RAF Lancasters that had destroyed the castle.
They broke through the fence and broke the lock on the door open. Dryden prepared the plane for takeoff while Nicole secured Bruno and the girl on pallets at the rear.
Pascal took the seat next to Dryden and copied Dryden by placing a headset on.
"Can I help?"
His voice crackled through to Dryden.
The men in the tower suddenly stood and rushed to the window. Dryden knew they'd just heard a French Priest ask a question in English relayed through one of their plane's radios.
"Ever flown before Priest?"
"No."
"Better just stick to praying then."
He fired the engine and the propellers coughed a couple of times before roaring to life.
Dryden glanced over at the light in the tower, the Germans stared out at the plane taxiing down their strip. Inside, a man waved at them.
By the time they'd grabbed their guns and run down the flight of stairs to the airfield, the plane was at full speed and racing away from them.
Inside, Dryden pushed the throttle, raising his speed and pulled back on the yoke he felt the air run under the wings and nodded, they had plenty of runway to make the takeoff. The trees at the end would be close, because they'd taxied from a third of the way down the strip, but he'd had bigger challenges and now he could see everything. Snow outlined the trees and the moon was still high enough to light the skies. Even without his enhanced vision, he was quite convinced he could make this takeoff.
The Priest next to him didn't seem so convinced and muttered prayers.
The empty cargo plane climbed easily and Dryden felt the rush of flight fill him with a mix of relief to be away from the immediate threat and the joy that the freedom always gave him. 
He leveled out fifty feet above the trees, lower than he'd ever dared at night, but high enough to still make a slow turn to adjust course without clipping any tall pines.
He took the plane northwest. From memory there wouldn't be any Major cities until they reached Luxembourg and then there was a channel free of cities along the line of the failed Maginot defenses. His biggest concern was being able to spot barrage balloons. But, thinking back to one of the briefings he'd managed to stay awake through, the Germans weren't as convinced by barrage balloons as the British and preferred anti aircraft batteries.
Pascal looked down at the trees rushing past, he gulped.
"We are very low, wont we be seen easily?"
"We would be seen and heard very easily, but only by someone directly below us, and they'd have to be pretty quick on the draw.'
Pascal nodded.
"Is there anything I can do?"
Dryden looked over at the other man and rather than the arrogance and distain he'd detected before from an upturned nose or sideways glance, he saw deference, fear perhaps. Pascal's eyes were furtive, his head bowed.
"No thanks Priest. Why don't you go see how Bruno and the child are?"
"Yes. I should."
He went to remove the headset, but paused.
"Monsieur Black. What happened back at the castle?"
Dryden raised the nose of the plane as they skirted over the brow of a snow-covered hill.
He was about to answer when he noted the tone. Pascal wasn't asking about the rescue, or the moment he'd found himself vomiting in front of the truck and passing out. He was asking about a period of time Dryden had no recollection of. He had no idea how they'd made their escape. Why he was covered in blood but unhurt, why he felt different... Invigorated, braver. And why he'd been smoldering like a doused fire when he landed in the headlights.
"I'm not sure Pascal. What do you think?"
He kept his eyes on the tree line and waited for the Priest to answer. There was a pause. All Dryden heard was the static of the headphones and the constant charge of the twin engines.
"I've no real idea... Something I never though possible. Two of the worst of the curses in one..."
"Hold tight!"
Dryden tilted the plane sharply avoiding a tall radio mast that jutted out from the trees.
"Whoops, didn't quite see that sorry."
Pascal took a breath, his face was pale from the shock of the plane tipping so suddenly.
"I'll go to the back"
He removed the headphones and stepped carefully out of his seat moving back through the plane.
Dryden scanned the horizon and looked up into the night. If anyone on the ground spotted them they wouldn't be able to track their direction accurately, he was confident they'd make it to the channel, but that's when they'd be in British radar range, and the real danger would begin.

The hours passed and Dryden kept their course.  He felt a curious mix of energy and elation spread through his body as time ticked by and their distance to England grew shorter. He could feel the aches in his bones subsiding as they knitted together and the tissue mending. The moon flitted in and out of small clouds and he checked the skies for a glimpse of silhouetted fighter. Finally, he saw the sea, the moon casting a long silver line across the darkness that was only lightly interspersed with the blink of a few small fishing boats heading out to local waters. 
He looked back into the plane and saw that his passengers had managed to fall asleep. Bruno and the child lying under blankets on the pallets, Nicole propped up against the wall and Pascal had fashioned something of a chair from a few crates.
They all wore headphones to muffle the din of the engines. They too looked like distance was healing them. He thought he saw a jerk of movement from the small figure covered in blankets. At least the little girl was still alive.
He turned back to his instruments, and noticed his altitude had dipped slightly and adjusted, staying just under the radar safe zone he knew would be ignored by operators. Or at least untracked because of their infrequent appearances.
Dryden leaned forward, again looking up at the silvery glow in the sky, listening for the diving scream of a Spitfire emptying its guns.
He sat back in the seat again and saw a pale smiling face next to him. He jumped, the little girl's eyes were red, her skin pale. She grinned at him and opened her lips to show a row of sharp, long teeth.
"Oh my god! A little girl vampire!"
She pounced and Dryden shifted in his seat, her teeth dug into his shoulder and pulled. He kept his left hand on the stick and pulled up, shaking his right arm to loosen her.
The plane climbed and the pitch in the engines changed, he felt them tilt back and the girl lost her footing, but kept her jaw clenched.
Behind them the plane was thrown into disarray as the sleeping Frenchmen were tossed to the back among a pile of pallets and crates. Nicole snapped awake and grabbed hold of the walls. She looked up to see the girl shaking her head into the attack. Dryden screamed and the plane lurched to the left as he struggled to stay in flight and defend himself.
Nicole screamed for him to stop but he didn't hear through the raging engines. The girl dug her fingers in hard, he felt her sharp nails pierce the flesh around the shoulder. There was a sensation of agonizing grinding. She was through to the bone and her teeth were gnawing from side to side, deeper and deeper. Dryden had to decide, he was losing an arm or the plane was going down. He let go of the stick and the plane tumbled left. He had no idea of altitude as the engines leveled out taking the plane towards the sea, he had to be fast. He grabbed her throat with his free hand and pulled it away from his shoulder, the teeth scraped gouges across bone and severed muscle. He screamed in pain as she pulled hard against him. Finally she came loose and their eyes met for a second. Hers full of rage and hate a chunk of flesh gripped in her teeth. His own eyes registered terror for the first time in his life. Terror at what lengths the enemy would go to. An enemy that would even use children as weapons.
He threw the little girl through the windscreen and saw her disappear into the night. No scream, just the eyes that stayed set on him as her hair flapped like a crown of black flames before she disappeared with a white splash into the sea.
He grabbed the stick again, he knew the distance to the water now and had to pull up fast. Air swept through the shattered glass buffeting the plane, making the whole fuselage act as an air brake, he pulled as hard as he dared and fought to keep the wings straight. The plane responded and slowly crept its nose toward the horizon. Behind him he made out screams. The nose wasn't at the horizon when they felt the spray of saltwater through the windscreen. Then the bottom of the plane bounced. A gentle touch on the crest of a wave and the engines were pulling up again. Dryden was stunned, they'd kissed the waves and lifted away. The lowest flying he'd ever experienced without a landing strip.
He pulled up and saw the altimeter climb.
There was a crackle of static through the headphones, he looked down he seemed to have knocked one of the radio dials.
The static broke and he heard a voice.
"...Flying erratically. German aircraft, no sign of any others, over."
"Fire at will Bravo fifteen."
Dryden froze. He had seconds to stop the attack.
Nicole was behind him staring at the open wound in his arm. Her face turning to anger.
"What did you do to her? What did you do?"
He looked round at her, shocked. She had the same eyes and flailing hair as the little girl.
He didn't have time for explanations and argument. He pulled up sharply and Nicole tumbled back head over heels.
He pressed the broadcast button on his yoke and shouted into the receiver.
"Bravo fifteen! Come in do not fire! Repeat do not fire. British agents on board..."
He felt the bullets hit the wings before he heard the shots.
"Oh Jesus H Christ!"
He turned the plane to the left to evade the diving Spitfire. Bullets continued to pepper the metal and a shot ripped through the empty copilots chair.
He pulled away and turned the plane again, weaving right, but knowing he couldn't compete with the speed and maneuverability of the attacker.
He looked up, the Spitfire had pulled around in a loop preparing for another attack but rather than dive, it steadied out.
The radio crackled.
"Luftwaffe f-297 this is Bravo Fifteen. Please tell me, what is your current condition?"
Dryden smiled and affected an RAF accent.
"Bravo Fifteen. I think I need a very large gin."
There was silence for a moment then the crackle as the voice returned.
"Well Dryden, since we all thought you'd been dead for the past few months, I rather think you deserve one. I'll accompany you to Caterham, and radio ahead now for clearance. Over."
He leaned back and steadied the plane. Nicole was standing behind the shattered copilots chair, her teeth clenched.
"She attacked me Nicole. She was infected."
She didn't answer, but her eyes narrowed without surprise. As though she knew the child had been a vampire.
"I need some clearance codes to radio ahead. Not every pilot and anti aircraft gunner in England's a drinking buddy."
She nodded and took up the second set of headphones.
She started listing off a combination of clearance codes and passwords that RAF command would use to ensure their safe landing.





Chapter 41
Godstone Manor

A week later, Dryden Black was almost completely healed. He had taken a walk with Herzog to a set of benches across the lawn from the manor.
In the house, Bruno and Pascal were still receiving treatment. They'd also been receiving daily debriefings from Major Strang until a call from General De Gaulle to the Minister for War had put an end to Strang's questioning.
Madame Helene was still invalided though recovering quickly but in her incapacity Nicole had filled her Mother's position, a situation the Prime Minister backed fully. Her family had founded and funded the whole programme and she knew more about the research and intelligence than anyone else available. She had been it debriefings and negotiations since the day after their return and things didn't look like changing.
Dryden however, hadn't managed to merit a conversation from her since the plane. She only directed orders to him via the staff. 
Whenever he asked if he could leave, or go to London he was met with a simple reply from any of the guard.
"It is Miss De La Roche's express wish that you await further orders. Any attempt to leave the grounds will be met with immediate punishment."
Herzog was in a wheelchair. The surgeons had put his knees back together as best they could but it was unlikely that at his age they would heal enough to allow him to walk more than a few steps at a time for the rest of his life. He was quite stoic about the situation and had merely ordered that the tables in his lab have their legs shortened.
He'd quipped.
"If I don't need legs, neither do they."
Herzog held a book in his lap over a green blanket that kept his damaged legs warm. He'd taken it from a shelf in the library and asked Dryden to join him outside for some fresh air. Partridge the Butler had accompanied them to wheel Herzog through the gardens.
The air was crisp and the scent of freezing nature crept around like a deathly pall.
They watched the smoke from the manor's many fires drift lazily from the chimneys into the low white clouds of the afternoon.
Dryden lit a cigarette and inhaled. He leaned back on the bench and stretched out, a few numb pains and a number of scars where he'd been shot, cut, dropped, bitten and blown up, a small price to be able to enjoy a woodbine again. He looked over at the old leather bound volume Herzog held so tightly.
"What's the book? More monster stories?"
Herzog didn't reply.
"Doctor?"
"Oh, I beg your pardon my mind was elsewhere. What is it?"
"The book."
He pointed the cigarette.
"More vampire mythology?"
"No."
He looked down and patted the cover.
"Not vampires, something else that I think you should know. It's about the night at the castle, the time you can't remember.
Dryden nodded. He'd read the depositions from Pascal, Bruno and even Nicole. All describing him as becoming a monster... Or a demon, depending on whose word you took.
Dryden shrugged.
"It was your serum. I was poisoned. I probably convulsed but I very much doubt these stories about me turning into an unstoppable beast."
He smirked to himself. He'd reasoned that the shadows from the great fire in the hall had probably cast him as looking slightly different, but shape changing was a bit of a leap of the imagination.
"If I've learned one thing in my time here, it's that there's no such thing as the supernatural. Science always has an explanation... Even for vampires."
Herzog didn't respond with any form of agreement. He opened the book and started leafing through a collection of illustrated stories.
"At first I looked in my medical texts, but nothing came close to the possible metamorphosis you underwent. But that's not where we started with Vampyrs either. Where science has no answers, very often folklore does.
So I looked. I looked at every possible myth and legend recorded since the dark ages.
And then it occurred to me..."
"What?"
"You're genetically from an older race. One that has been hidden on the edges of Europe since before the Romans. The Pictish Celts."
"Well, yes."
Herzog shook his head.
"I know, it seems obvious now. However, I got there in the end. And, I think I may also have stumbled across one of the reasons they built Hadrian's Wall."
Dryden was curious now.
"So? What did you find?"
Herzog found the page he was looking for and turned the book to Dryden.
He took hold of it and saw the twisted shape of a man, his muscles bulging like inflated pig bladders, the lumps of knotted veins jutting out. His spine was twisted in a hump and his fingers bent in every direction. The man, if you could call him that, was holding a giant sword and fighting a pack of black dogs.
Herzog tapped at the page.
"Cú Chulainn. He was a legendary Celtic warrior, renowned for his ability to transform... His 'riastrad'."
"Riastrad? What is it?"
"Well, it's been variously translated as a 'spasm' or 'torque' but it was, more simply put, an altered state. A battle frenzy that could realign the entire muscle and bone structure of a warrior, transforming him into a monstrous killing machine who knew neither friend nor foe. 
I showed this image to the Frenchman, Bruno. He was in no doubt.
And neither am I."
Dryden shook his head.
"I thought it was the serum."
"Perhaps partly. But I think that in the same way the virus brought out some primeval strength from Machlis' man from the Georgian Steppes, so it brought this ancient Celtic beast from the deepest genetic memories of your bloodline, it was a kind of catalyst. "
"So what does this mean for me?"
Herzog closed the book.
"It means you can't leave.  Miss De La Roche has secured a government order transferring your sentence to this institute for the duration of hostilities or until your duty is fulfilled."
"She won't let me leave?"
"No. You're too valuable to the programme now."
Dryden muttered.
"A weapon, or an experiment..."
They were both silent and watched a solitary Magpie hop around on the lawn pecking into the ground.
After a while, Dryden asked.
"Herzog. Who was the little girl?"
The Doctor sighed and looked away.
"It was Machlis' daughter, Kirsten. She was a sickly girl, her illness was terminal, that's why he got into the field of research. I think Nicole, identified..."
Dryden stood and started to walk across the lawn back to the house, he turned back briefly to the older man.
"Battle not the monsters, lest you become the monsters."
Herzog nodded and looked surprised.
"Nietzsche."
Dryden turned again and continued walking.
"Too late for some, don't you think?"

THE END

Thanks for reading, if you enjoyed it, please Like or Follow and see how the next book comes along.

https://www.facebook.com/drydenblackbook

https://twitter.com/S_A_Campbell



Dryden Black and City of Zombies

Prologue

Outside the bunker, Berlin was in flames, the SS was making its last stand against the Red Army.
The city that had once sounded to cheers of triumph, marching and rallies was now dying to the screams of slaughter, rape and fire.

Inside, on the lowest level, he was alone.
Alone with the maps of his lost empire. Maps covered in markings for non-existent armies, fleets and tank divisions.
Thousands of soldiers imagined by his staff so he could keep his war going, at least in his imagination.
A war that had raged across Europe for six years. A war that had burned fiercely around every corner of the world, killing millions.
And it had begun just like this. A frustrated artist hunched alone in his room scribbling on maps of the old Weimar Republic seething at those he believed had denied the Germanic people of their rightful place as the masters of Europe.
And tonight, that same frustrated artist was still scribbling and seething.

His room was the largest in the concrete complex. A simply designed wooden desk dominated the far end and the concrete walls were covered in looted oil paintings interspersed with his own work. A phonograph on a corner table lay silent. The chairs around the conference table to the side, lay empty.
A wide black carpet, commissioned especially, dominated the largest expanse of the room. It was a black eagle clutching a swastika. An interpretation of the Roman standard designed personally by the Fuhrer.
Across this expanse, a steel door stood closed.
On the other side of the door were corridors sealed off by more and more doors, followed by reinforced tunnels and bunkers packed with the Reich's last surviving fanatics; Goebbels, Speer, Himmler and more.
They were guarded by the most elite personal guard ever assembled, fanatical Waffen SS who would gladly die for their leader. 
The bunker network had thirteen feet of concrete built into the roof alone, it could withstand thousands of tons of explosive, was filled with supplies and even boasted its own water system and air filtration.
Nobody could get in not even the Americans with their hydrogen weapons. He smiled to himself as he drew a line dragging another imaginary tank column toward the advancing red tide of Soviet infantry, he was safe from the world, safe from everything.

And then, the door opened and a man he'd never seen before walked in. The man wore a charcoal suit with a dark silk waistcoat and a black tie. A golden pocket watch was attached to a chain in his left waistcoat pocket. He was unarmed, but carried a black suitcase in his right hand. He was a thin man, though not tall, or short, somewhere in between. His thinning hair was slicked back straight and indistinguishably.  But more than anything else, his shoes shone with a brilliance that must have taken hours to create, they clicked at he walked across the stone floor to stand silently on the plush carpet. 
The Fuhrer watched the gleaming shoes as they settled over the black swastika, he wondered why he hadn't really registered the face, or the eyes. Just the shoes. He started to drift, in his mind he was standing before his father, terrified of the old man's scolding. He was looking down, down at the shoes, his heart fluttering, his knees shaking.
"Good evening her Hitler. Forgive the surprise intrusion!"
The thin man set the case down at his side.
The Fuhrer stood sharply looking at and seeing the man's face for the first time.
"What are you doing in my office?"
He was sweating, he hadn't spoken to someone outside of his own staff and guard for months and he didn't know this man, he was filled with an inhuman fear and felt his body weaken, his voice wailed uncontrollably.
"Guards! Guards, intruder! Help me!"
The thin man smiled.
"Don't bother. They won't hear you. They'll only hear me now."
The accent was eastern. Czech perhaps.
He scrambled to open his desk drawer and grabbed the loaded Luger but felt it slipping in his quivering hands. He managed to hold it and point somewhere in the centre of the room.
Then the heels clicked.
He froze.
"Adolf. Give me the gun."
He immediately held the gun out on the flat of his hand.
The thin man stepped slowly to the desk and took the gun. He glanced briefly at the weapon before swiftly moving it behind his back.
"Sit down Adolf."
He sat as he was told.
"You ask what I'm doing here?"
The thin man picket up the case and walked over to the long table at the side of the room, he gently placed the case on the table and opened it, inside was a tripod. He spoke as he set it up, extending the legs and screwing them tight one by one.
"I am a representative of some parties, who will remain nameless, who would like this war to end cleanly, and without danger of any repetition. You may not have learned from the lessons of Napoleon, but my employers certainly have. There will be no exile for you Adolf. No second chances, no Waterloo".
Watching the tripod stand fully assembled next to the thin man in the shining shoes, he understood that these were to be his final moments.
"You're here to kill me?"
The thin man stifled a laugh. And moved over to the case once more. He picked up a heavy film camera and placed it on top of the tripod.
"I've never killed a man in my life."
He screwed the camera base onto the tripod and straightened it until satisfied that it was pointing at the centre of the room.
He mustered another question.
"Did the Joshuans send you?"
The thin man moved over to the case and took out a film can. He opened it and inspected the reel.
"Not the Joshuans, no. Quite the opposite in fact."
He looked over at the forlorn, sweating figure.
"Come over here please Adolf. Stand in the middle of the room."
The thin man started threading the reel onto the camera as the shaking, hunched figure of the man behind the darkest days in history obeyed and shuffled to the middle of the room, his hands shaking.
The thin man focussed the camera on the pale figure and satisfied with his angle stepped back. His heels clicked on the floor as he circled the carpet, the black eagle, the swastika and the old man in the grey suit who stood in the middle, subdued, submissive and after years of war, surrendered to his fate.
The thin man admonished him.
"Adolf. Stand up straight, this is to be your final appearance."
He straightened.
The thin man continued circling.
"When I was a child. I used to read a lot of books. Books about magic. Not Carter or Houdini. But real magic. The kind that lives only in the darkened rooms, under candlelight. The magic the Vatican suppressed, that the Joshuans hunted and the inquisition wiped out."
He was behind his subject, looking at the maniacal scrawling all over the jumble of maps. He picked up a tack that sat in a pile next to some tiny wooden tank units.
"I became obsessed."
He started walking again, the click, click of his heels like a metronome.
"I left home in search of my own form of enlightenment, I travelled far into the east, where a man masquerading as a monk controlled the emotions of Russian royal family with simple tricks."
He clicked his heels and the old man stood up straight and rigid. His face a rictus of pain as he strained to be straighter and taller as commanded.
"I travelled further and found men who could resist the pain of burning coals, nails through their hands, freezing and starvation."
Behind his back, he pressed his thumb and forefinger together, the tack sank easily into his skin and stayed there. He didn't react.
"And I travelled further still. In the furthest reaches of the east I saw men make other men move with sheer force of their own willpower."
He stretched out a palm and Hitler swayed uneasily.
"And in all those years, I never found magic. It doesn't exist. All nonsense."
He moved over to the camera and looked through the lens.
"However, what does exist, is the incredible ability of the mind. That, is our power. You had great power once. The power to make an entire nation follow your every word, to take on the world in a fight to the death."
Tears rolled down The Fuhrer's cheeks as he stared up at the ceiling listening to the voice that bound him.
"In 1924 I arrived in Louisiana and met some Haitians. They told me a ghost story. An incredible story that I just had to track down. It took me six years to find my final teacher.
He flicked a switch on the camera and the reel started to spin, the recording began. He walked over to the door and opened it, the corridor was lit by a series of caged bulbs, flickering yellow. And the entire length of the space was filled with still figures. They began shuffling forward and into the room. Hitler's eyes widened.
They were deathly pale, their movements slow and their breaths came our in uneasy rasps as though asleep. But the eyes were what really filled him with fear. They were black, full of dark, lifeless blood. They were men Hitler knew, men he'd taken with him to the bunker; Goebbels, Speer, Himmler, Bormann, Krebs, the SS officers, the giant Sergeant Jol, the most decorated of his personal guard, who had killed dozens in Stalingrad, Captain Strek of North Africa and Schultz with his team of killers from the camps.
They formed a circle around their leader, the black eyes set on him.
The thin man spoke over the chorus of groaning breaths.
"But, wait, where is your queen?"
Two more guards came through the door. They carried the limp form of a woman between them. They scraped their feet slowly across the ground like sleepwalkers as they made their way through the circle, before dumping the unconscious form of Eva Braun in the circle. They took their place and closed off the human cage.
The thin man clicked his finger and Hitler's body loosened, sending him to the floor with a bump.
The thin man pulled a chair from the table and sat behind the whirring and clicking camera.
"What happens now is not my doing. Well not really. It's nature."
Hitler stood, his face red with rage.
"What is the meaning of this, what have you done to these men?"
He went to charge through the wall but was pushed back by the emotionless creatures.
He tried again, but once more, the slow, deliberate strength of the soldiers pushed him back into the middle.
The thin man smiled.
"Herr Hitler, have you ever heard of Zombies?"
The old man stopped trying to squirm through the wall.
He didn't answer, but looked into the faces of the men who only an hour ago would have been willing to die for him.
"A zombie is a servant to a voodoo Priest. They are in an unconscious state, not quite awake or asleep, not quite living. Perhaps even you could say, like the living dead. They have no free will, all they can do is serve, and incidentally, that’s what you're facing right now."
He pointed at the men around him. Their lifeless eyes unflinching.
"When I got to Haiti and met the men who created zombies, everything came together. Through the power of suggestion and manipulation, you can create slaves. Slaves without willpower, without a sense of pain or fear, with inhuman strength and unquestioning loyalty. Think what you could have done to Europe with an army such as mine.
Well, now I have your army. And at my command, they will devour you. As only zombies can or will."
He stood and moved over to the phonograph. He wound the handle and watched the record spin. He gently touched the needle down and the music began. It was Wagner of course, the Fuhrer's favourite. As soon as the mass of the Berlin philharmonic struck their first note, the zombies moved forward for their kill.
Hitler screamed until his breath was gone, even after his face had been ripped off.

When the record ended, the needle scraped and jumped along the last notes. The room was still filled with noise. Crunching, groaning, sucking and chewing. The men who'd been so easily controlled, woke from their stupor and saw what they were doing. They weren't surprised, it was as though they'd woken from a dream to find it bizarrely, to be true. A dream or a nightmare in which they'd fed like never before. They lay in a mess of blood, shit and guts, a pile of entrails covered the carpet and all the men around the room. Goebbels looked down at the hand he'd been chewing, the flesh had been scraped off the fingers to the loose jumble of bones. He saw the other men taking in and finally seeing what they'd done. Himmler, such a small unassuming man, was grinding down on the shredded and chewed face of Eva Braun, he was half naked and aroused, another man was pushing his hand deep into Hitler’s shattered skull to pull out chunks of brain, the pale pink mass was all over his face. Slowly they all stood and looked around at the gore, some immediately vomited, a couple reverted to god and prayed on their knees. But Goebbels only saw the whirring camera in the corner, an empty chair behind it and a missing film reel.
He stood and was joined by the pale figures of the other men.
"It is over. We burn the bodies and send word of our surrender."
He looked at the blood on his hands.
"And if this is their new weapon... god help us all."


Coming soon


Please remember to like or follow, so I can justify finishing the next book.

https://www.facebook.com/drydenblackbook

https://twitter.com/S_A_Campbell

