FLOOR FOUR


A Novella of
Horror and the Supernatural


A. LOPEZ, JR.

ACE-HIL-INK

FLOOR FOUR
Copyright © 2013 by A. Lopez, Jr.
Published by  Ace-Hil-Ink  2013
Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 9781301173464

All rights reserved. No parts of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other forms) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this book, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication and or use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

For any questions about the book or author, please refer to our contact page at: www.ace-hil-ink.com


Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - The Mangler
Chapter 2 – R.S.V.P.
Chapter 3 – New Beginnings
Chapter 4 – Washing Dishes
Chapter 5 – A Dark Alley
Chapter 6 – Old Friends
Chapter 7 – Reunion
Author’s Note


“Anyone who sees me must die!”
~ David Henry Coleman ~


1
 THE MANGLER

The rain continued to pound the top of Mary Tompkin’s car while she sat in the parking lot of her client’s restaurant. She was talking to her husband on the phone. She needed to finish this business dinner, and after that she would be done for the week and get to spend time at home, while enjoying a long three-day weekend. It wasn’t too late for a Thursday night, but she wanted to get this meeting over with as quickly as possible. 
Lightning flashed outside as she finished her call. Mary took a quick look up at the dark sky as the thunder from the lightning finally made its way to her. The thunder was loud and she could feel it vibrate in her chest. She grabbed her umbrella, opened the door, and the strong gusty wind hit her face. As she closed the door and pushed down on the alarm remote, she heard the sound of chains hitting the ground behind her. Before Mary could turn to see what it was, she felt a sharp, hot pain in her back. The pain was intense; her head shot back as she felt the middle of her back split open. A gust of wind and rain blew the umbrella from her shaking hand. She didn’t even have time to scream, her eyes closed as she died while still standing. 
The killer held Mary’s body upright, with his tool of choice, a razor-sharp farming sickle, still lodged in her back. He wrapped the heavy chain around her head and neck and pulled the sickle from her back. Her body slumped and the slack in the heavy chain tightened around her neck as she fell. He dragged her with the chain to a dark corner of the parking lot that opened into a vacant lot, and then down a ditch that disappeared into a small creek. Dark red blood from Mary’s body stained the path the killer had taken, but it was quickly washed away in the heavy rain. 
It was a perfect night to commit a murder—dark, rainy, and very few people out. Mary Tompkins was the eighth victim of serial killer, David Henry Coleman, also known as The Mangler. His murders were always very well planned and executed, and took place in different cities and states. Authorities were having a hard time tracking him. Coleman was a violent serial killer, much more violent than most. The FBI described his murders as angry outbursts, but Coleman was not sloppy, and he never left clues that would get him caught. He always left a calling-card though, making him the most feared serial killer in years. When Coleman killed his victims, he took the bodies to a place where they would be found the next day. His calling-card was the sickle. In each murder, the victim’s face was sliced and cut, beaten, and mangled beyond recognition. The sickle would be lodged in the chest, his trademark. It was determined that some of the victims were alive when he cut up their faces, some were already dead. Authorities had their murder weapon, but could never get anything from it. The Mangler was toying with them and knew exactly what he was doing. 
The Mangler’s murderous run had gone on for four years. He averaged about two killings a year, with his path taking him from the east coast, to the Midwest, and down south. Mary Tomkins lived in Florida. There was no way to tell when and where he would strike next, and this made it hard to pin him down. 
Police got their first break in August of 2002. They received a call from a resident in Liberty County, Texas. The resident told police that a suspicious man had been up and down their road at night a couple of times. This was a farming area and was generally not walked on by anyone but the few people who lived there. They sent out a patrol car with the officer treating it as a routine call, but everyone had the serial killer in the back of their minds at all times, especially the police. The patrolman didn’t find the man, or find anything out of the ordinary. A call went out to surrounding counties to be on alert in general, but most kept in mind that the serial killer was still out there somewhere.
Coleman chose his victims at random, but planned their murders in a very precise way. There was no connection between the victims, no similarities. Half were men and half were women. They ranged from married people with kids to single, without kids. Those things, combined with him traveling from place to place to find his prey, left everyone on edge from the authorities to the public. They were all waiting for him to make an unlikely mistake. The break the police got began with a resident spotting a stranger dressed in black, wearing a black hat and long coat, walking the country road. Without making the communities anxious, law enforcement moved to a higher alert level. 
<><><>
“David Henry Coleman planned his ninth murder in September of 2002, close to the Old River-Lost Lake area in Texas.” The old man began telling the story to the boys. “A very small, quiet community, Old River found itself in the middle of a major manhunt. Coleman chose the time just after dusk to make his way to the home of a Mark and Jean Ellis. They had just finished working outside around the house and were cleaning up for dinner when Coleman peered into their kitchen window. They didn’t see him, they were lucky; The Mangler had not planned out this murder like the rest. He was rushing it and it didn’t fall along the same time frame as the others. He felt the need to kill and murder again, maybe to get more notoriety than he had before. He wanted to be taken seriously.” 
The boys listened intensely. 
“He watched the older, married couple get things ready for dinner. His plan was to wait until Mark came back outside, as he usually did, and then use his sickle and chain to end his life. Coleman waited patiently. A sly smile came over his face as their dinner ended and Mark got up from the table and walked to the back door. Coleman moved into position in the shadows. Mark grabbed a water bucket from the back porch and headed towards the stalls. Coleman waited until Mark entered the stalls and then walked in his direction. Just as he was about to enter the stalls a truck came driving up the dirt road to the house. The sound of the truck brought Mark back outside just as Coleman was entering. Coleman had no choice but to strike down at Mark with the sickle as he entered the stall. Mark screamed out, shocked and surprised by the stranger. The blow from the sickle hit Mark on his left shoulder after he partially blocked it. The momentum of Coleman walking in and striking down on Mark pushed them into the doorway and inside the stalls just as the headlights from the truck shined on them. They fell to the ground; Mark struggled in pain as Coleman lifted the sickle out of his shoulder and prepared to strike down on him again. Mark shifted his body enough to cause Coleman to barely miss, as the pointed end of the sickle slammed into the dirt floor. Dust rose around them in the struggle, the long chain clanged between them. Coleman was going to make one last attempt at killing his prey when he heard Jean’s screams behind him. He took one last swing down at Mark and hit him in the forearm. The sickle sliced halfway through. Coleman got up, grabbed his chain and ran towards the back of the small barn. The driver of the truck was a neighbor from down the road. He grabbed his shotgun from his truck and ran to where Jean was screaming. He made it just in time to see Coleman running to the back of the barn. He fired a shot and hit Coleman in the right leg. The shot knocked him forward, but he didn’t lose his footing, and was able to run out the back of the barn and into the surrounding woods. The bloody sickle, standing on its own, was still stabbed into the dirt floor with blood. Mark was the only victim to survive an attack by the serial killer. He was taken to a hospital as the manhunt began.” 
The three junior high boys, still curious and listening, looked at each other. 
Jake continued, “Two things worked in favor for the police you see; the suspect was shot and bleeding, and he had left his murder weapon behind without killing his victim. At this point they didn’t know if it was The Mangler or a copycat, but this man had to be found and arrested. The manhunt continued through the night, with police using helicopters and dogs. With dogs locked in on the scent, the trail seemed to head in this direction. Around four in the morning, police were called to a neighborhood here in Baytown. A resident spotted a suspicious-looking man walking through an alley. By the time police arrived, the man was gone. They decided to seal the area for four or five miles, and work their way in.”
“Just as dawn broke, and the sun began to rise, another call came in to police just a short distance away from the original call. A resident was taking out his garbage when he saw a man sitting in a brushy, wooded area across the street. He couldn’t give a good description, but he thought of it as unusual. Again, when police arrived, he was gone, but this time, the dogs picked up a scent. The helicopters were called in, and the hounds barked and howled louder than you ever heard before. They felt that they were closing in on him. The wooded area led to another neighborhood just on the other side.” The old man was very dramatic in telling his stories.
“This area had less people, and with daylight on their side, the police felt that they would find him as they approached from both directions. The hounds closed in on a garage next to a vacant house. After getting in place, they burst into the garage and found some bloody clothes and a mask that matched the description that Mark Ellis had given them earlier. The suspect was not in the garage, so they focused on the vacant house. Surrounding the house, they broke through the front and back doors at the same time,” he said with excitement building in his voice. 
“Police were shot at as gunfire erupted in a backroom. They had no choice but to fire back, hitting the suspect several times. They called an ambulance to try to save the man, who they suspected to be The Mangler. The ambulance crew stabilized him on the way to Saint Vincent Hospital,” the old man said, as he pointed across the main road, “right over there.” The boys looked over their shoulders at the vacant hospital. 
“After arriving, Coleman’s condition worsened, but not before he told a FBI agent that he was indeed, David Henry Coleman, The Mangler. He confessed to all the murders as two other agents looked on. Coleman’s expression was heartless, and one of a remorseless murderer.” 
“A day later and still in ICU, Coleman’s hand began to shake violently.” The old man paused here, looking at the ground in front of him. “The nurse walked over to him and he grabbed her arm quickly, just in reach of his handcuffed wrist, looked her in the eye and said, ‘I will be back, and I will return, and kill again and again. I will haunt this place forever!’ They say his eyes stayed open, staring at the nurse, until he died. She screamed and shook her arm away from his grip. The FBI rushed in, but The Mangler was already dead.” Jake paused, making the boys wait a little longer. “They say he walks the halls of the old hospital with his sickle and drags his chain. The anniversary of his death is coming up this week.”
The old man paused again, and lit his cigar. “That’s the story of The Mangler.” Old Man Jake knew how to tell a story.
The three, wide-eyed, thirteen-year-old kids, on their bikes, stared at Jake. Two of them, Doug and Kyle, heard stories from him before, but it never got old. The other boy, Brandon, was new in town. They brought him to Jake’s so he could hear the tale of The Mangler. 
Jake, an older black man in his sixties, lived in the neighborhood across the street from Saint Vincent Hospital, for thirty years. He knew the hospital in its hey-day, when it was the only hospital in town. He saw the demise, as the new times rolled in, and newer buildings were built, all in the name of business and opportunity. 
After hearing Jake tell them the story, the boys headed out on their bikes towards the hospital, but not without one last word from Jake. “Y’all be careful now,” he said, as he took one last puff from his cigar before smothering it under his shoe. The boys, way up the sidewalk by then, waved back as they sped off.  
“Best be careful,” Jake said quietly to himself, knowing how kids rarely listened to advice from adults.
<><><>
Built in the late 1940s, Saint Vincent Hospital, stood tall at five stories, overlooking that side of town. At the time it was built, it was a massive hospital, covering over 280,000 square feet. It stayed in business until 2004, when its ownership had completed the transition to a newer, more modern version of the hospital, built on the other side of town. Since the closure of the original hospital, there have been many reports of it being haunted. A private business used the building for a short period after its closure. Most of the reports of hauntings came from staff and late-night security guards. The old building was finally shut down in 2006 and sits on top of a small hill making it appear taller and bigger than it was. Set against the evening western sky, it is a dark and menacing site for those who believe the place is haunted. To keep trespassers out, the windows were boarded up, and a fence was put up along the edge of the property.
Not too long ago, the property owners hired a contract company to do some minor, structural repair work on the lower level. Just as the three-week project was about to end, contract worker Ed Payton was found one morning, hung to death from an overhead rafter, a chain wrapped around his neck. There was no suicide note, or any reason in his personal life as to why he would hang himself, but the death was ruled a suicide anyway. His death sparked the rumors of The Mangler still haunting the building, especially since a chain was involved, one of his trademark tools. The thing that made his death peculiar was that there was no stool, no box, or no ladder for Ed Payton to climb up on to do it himself. He just hung freely, in his work clothes, his feet more than five feet from the ground. Rumors circulated that his face had a look of fear and terror, not the look of someone who wanted to kill himself. After the investigation was complete, more fencing was put up to secure the grounds around the old building. But during the summers, it was hard to keep junior high kids like, Doug, Kyle, and now Brandon, from finding ways in and exploring. High school kids were the bravest, and were always being run out of the area by police.
David Henry Coleman died on the fourth floor in ICU—that floor is said to be most haunted. People have reported hearing chains rattling and the sound of scraping metal, possibly along the pipes and railings. Rumors can get exaggerated over time, but when a haunting is suspected, like that at the hospital, the reported sounds are much more believable. An assessment for structural integrity was required for the building once a year, and over that time only once have any of the people in that group reported something strange. A woman who was inspecting the fourth floor said she heard noises coming from near the old ICU hall. She walked further down the dark hall with her flashlight. About halfway down she said she heard the sound of a chain dragging on the floor, coming from the next room up. That scared her enough for her to turn around and head back down to the first floor. She wouldn’t go back on the fourth floor, even after her coworkers went up there and found nothing. Not many dared to go up there after that.

<><><>
Doug and Kyle took Brandon over to the back of the hospital so he could get a good look at the scary side of it. Even in the day, the hospital took on an ominous look. The backside of the hospital is where all the kids would sneak in through a spot in the fence near the sidewall. Brandon stood, straddling his bike, with one foot on the ground. His eyes looked over the building from top to bottom. Doug and Kyle were riding their bikes around the fence line to the far corner. He quickly jumped up on his seat and peddled towards them. The lower portion of the back of the hospital resembled a huge patio. The covered area was extended to provide shade from the evening sun, making it a makeshift break and lunch area. A couple of the concrete tables and chairs were still there. They hid their bikes behind some overgrown shrubs and went in through their secret spot in the fence and walked towards the covered area. 
“You’re pretty brave Brandon. I never made it this far my first time,” Doug said.
“Quit trying to scare him,” Kyle said. “It’s okay, nothing to be scared of,” Kyle said to Brandon, as they walked further in. The covered area was at least sixty feet wide and another forty feet from the edge of the cover to the back entrance. Despite the afternoon sun, the further they walked, the darker it got. They stopped a few feet from the entrance. The owners had the doors boarded with plywood and locked with chains. 
“Most people think you can’t get in, but we know a way. Want to go in?” Doug asked, as he looked at Brandon. 
Brandon was usually game for things like this, but he was a little nervous, and Doug was pushing him to go further. “Yeah, let’s go,” Brandon said. Kyle looked on. They had done this a few times before, and it was always fun to show someone the haunted hospital for the first time. 
Doug led them to a corner where the walls intersected and disappeared behind a piece of plywood. Brandon and Kyle waited for a moment before Doug reappeared smiling. “We can still get in.” Then he promptly disappeared again. They followed him behind the plywood and through an old rusty door that opened enough to allow them to pass through. 
The hall was dark and damp, accompanied by a wet, musty smell. Doug and Kyle turned on their flashlights. Graffiti lined the walls in various colors and styles. Some represented gangs, some professed their love, and others were just there in the form of street-art. They could hear water dripping at the end of the hallway, most likely caused from the rainstorm the day before. 
“Still looks the same as before. The fourth floor is where The Mangler died,” Doug said, looking at Brandon. “The only way to get up there is through the stairs down the hall.” 
He pointed the flashlight towards the stairwell. Brandon’s heart was beating fast with excitement, but leery now that they were inside. Shining their lights in all directions, they started walking towards the end of the hall. Old pieces of metal and pipes, detached wiring, and broken sheetrock filled the floor and forced them to walk in a weaving pattern as they closed in on the door to the stairwell. Despite Doug’s brave appearance, he stayed pretty close to the other two. 
Finally, they were at the door. “Here it is,” Doug said. He pushed the door, and surprisingly, it swung easily on its hinges. The metal door, covered with rust around its edges, came to a creaking stop. The stairwell was completely black. They stepped forward and shined their lights upwards. The lights shined on every wall and corner, casting eerie shadows in every direction. 
“You ready to go up?” Doug asked Kyle and Brandon, but secretly he was just as scared as them. They nodded okay without taking their eyes off the stairs above. Kyle held tight to his flashlight as Doug led the way. Brandon trailed Kyle as close as he could. Once they got to the second floor Doug paused. “Shhh, just checking to see if we can hear his chain dragging on the floor.”
“Come on Doug, quit trying to scare him,” Kyle said, on Brandon’s behalf, but also reassuring himself. 
“There’s nothing to be scared of, until we get to the fourth floor anyway,” Doug said with a laugh. 
“Have you ever been to the fourth floor?” Brandon asked them.
“No, not...” Kyle began to say, before being cut off by Doug.
“Sure, many times. We’ve never seen The Mangler, but we know he’s there,” Doug said, trying to keep the tension up. 
A loud bang was heard from above, scaring them, and they quickly shined their lights up the stairwell. The sound of something falling down the stairs followed, until it stopped, and everything went dead silent. They continued looking up and noticed dust being stirred up by something above, it floated across their beams of light. Someone or something was up there. Doug tried to hide his fear and stepped up a couple of more steps. Kyle and Brandon looked at him, their feet locked into place, they had no intention of going any further.
“Probably just a cat or something,” Doug said. He took another step up and craned his head at an awkward angle to see what had stirred the dust. 
“Maybe we should go Doug, it’s too dark,” Kyle said. 
“No, I want to see The Mangler,” Doug said in a deep haunting voice, trying to scare them.
Just as he finished his sentence and began to laugh, the unmistakable sound of a chain being dragged down the stairs hit their ears and wiped the grin off of Doug’s face. Frozen in place, and listening intently, the boys heard the sound of the chain dropping slowly, one step after another. They looked at each other with the same look and at the same time, as if to say, Let’s get the hell out of here! 
Their flashlights no longer shined above, they didn’t want to see what was coming, but the dusty light that shined on their faces showed the fear that neither of them could hide any longer. The sound of the chain was getting louder, getting closer. Then, the high-pitched sound of metal grinding against metal, accompanied the sound of the chain. At the same time, all three boys turned and ran out the stairwell door, and straight to the door that they came in from. The sound of the metal grinding on the handrails of the stairway, in the boys’ minds, was that of The Mangler’s sharpened sickle. There were no words as they squeezed out the door; they were thinking the exact same thing. Get out! 
Brandon was the last one out. He couldn’t help but look down the hall to the stairway door. Just as he made his last push to slide out, he saw the stair door being pushed open. He screamed, turned away, and ran to his bike.
<><><>
Seniors in high school, Russell, Jesse, Craig, and Christy, had been friends since fifth grade. They did the normal high school parties and get-togethers, but for the most part stayed away from trouble. They hung out with other friends many times, but they kept their own little circle. One thing they did like to do for kicks was to sneak into the old hospital. They had done it three or four times, but never went deep into the upper floors. They loved testing the rumors of the haunting by wandering around the first floor, and most recently, going to the spot where the worker was hung. Russell and Jesse were teammates on the varsity football team and kept their options open on the dating scene. Craig and Christy were dating and looked forward to going to college together. 
With the anniversary of the The Mangler’s death coming up over the weekend, they had plans to throw a private party on the fourth floor with some friends. None of them had ever been to the fourth floor, but figured, as a group, that it would be fun and adventurous, and a lot safer than going alone. Russell and Jesse were letting only a handful of close friends know of the party. They didn’t want to have too many people there, or for anyone to find out, especially the police. Their plan was to have a keg of beer, some precooked food, and music to make it all fun. They also planned on having a few flashlights and candles to make sure there was plenty of light. With Russell, Jesse, Craig, and a couple of other guys, along with the girls, they wouldn’t have any trouble getting all of their party décor up there on one trip. It was Friday afternoon and their plans were going well. Keeping it a secret was a must. 
Jake loved telling the story of the serial killer to the kids that stopped by. He did it to try to scare the kids enough that they would stay away from the old hospital, but he knew that the killer’s ghost haunted the building on the anniversary of his death. He knew that kids were sneaking in and out of there at different times, he couldn’t stop that, but he would make sure they couldn’t get in on the day of the anniversary. Since Jake lived in the neighborhood across from the hospital, he always took a walk to the park that was next to a creek. The walks helped him free his mind of his wife, who passed away three short years ago. His favorite spot at the park was the gazebo. The octagonal-shaped structure was set out over the water, about thirty feet from land. A nice cool breeze usually accompanied anyone who stood or sat there. Jake always enjoyed watching the kids play basketball on the concrete courts, or the sounds of the younger kids playing on the playground. This was his place to get away from it all, at least for a short time. He hadn’t taken his normal walks in the last few days because of the thunderstorms that recently hit the area. Jake never told the kids, or anyone he told the stories to, that he was the one who called police when he spotted Coleman in the alley that day. He had a personal attachment to the murderer, but saw no reason to tell anyone about it. Jake had never been visited by the ghost of Coleman at home, so his thought was, it only existed inside the walls of the hospital. After all, he was the one who called police and got him shot. Jake figured if there was anyone he was going to haunt and seek out for revenge, it would be him. The anniversary of that day was coming Saturday, and he planned to do his usual walk for that, which was walking along the fence of the old building and checking to make sure that the door the kids used to get in was locked down. This was Jake’s ritual. 
<><><>
Saturday morning brought a sunny sky that put Russell in a good mood. He was looking forward to the party, and also looking forward to having a little scary fun with some of the party-goers. He and Jesse needed to sneak into the hospital before the party to set up some pranks to scare everyone. 
What harm could it do?, he thought. It would all be in good-natured fun. 
Doug woke up Saturday morning and rode his bike the short distance to Kyle’s house. Kyle was still getting out of bed.
“Why are you up so early?” Kyle asked, as Doug sat down at the computer desk in Kyle’s room. 
“Guess what I heard? Russell and some of the other guys are planning a party for tonight,” Doug said with excitement in his eyes. 
“So? They always have parties on the weekends. What’s the difference?” 
“The difference is that the party they're having will be at the old hospital, on the fourth floor.”
Doug waited and watched Kyle to see his reaction.
“Are you serious? They plan on having it there?” Kyle looked surprised, but with a little gleam in his eye.
“Yes, I heard my sister talking on the phone about it. It starts at ten tonight. I think we should go around ten-thirty and sneak in,” Doug said proudly.
“I don’t know Doug. How will we be able to stay out that late with our parents expecting us in by then?”
“Simple.” Doug already had a plan. “We say we are spending the night at Brandon’s, and he says he is staying at one of our houses.” Doug smiled again. Proud of his plan.
“I don’t know if that will work. Did you ask Brandon?”
“No, but I will this morning.” 
“What about all those noises we heard when we were there? You were just as scared as us,” Kyle said.
“Come on. Do you want to do it or not? Russell and the rest will be there anyway. Nothing to be scared of, right?” said Doug, doing his best to convince Kyle. 
“Okay, if you can get Brandon to go along, I’ll go.” 
Kyle hid his excitement, but if Doug could make it work, then he knew it would be a fun night. The only question was . . . what was making those noises in the stairs the last time?
The party was going to start at ten, so Russell and Jesse planned to meet at the hospital just after dark to take some things inside, set up for the party, and maybe plan a few pranks. The day darkened earlier than usual because of a thunderstorm in the afternoon that left the skies cloudy and overcast the rest of the day. 
Russell and Jesse arrived at the back entrance to the hospital in Jesse’s truck. The truck bed was filled with a few chairs, a table, and a small sound system for the music.
“We’ll have to take this stuff in two loads. The truck should be okay parked here,” Russell said. 
The faded, dark blue paint on the truck blended in well against the dark bushes.
“Yeah, we just need to be quick,” said Jesse. He was excited about the party, and the possibility of having some fun with the rest of the group that night. 
They grabbed the chairs and the table first. As they made their way to the hidden spot where they always entered, they noticed the door was open. They always shut the door completely when they left. This meant that someone was inside, or that someone had been there recently. They pushed through with more caution than usual. Russell carried the four chairs, two in each hand. Jesse held the plastic table at his side as they moved along the first room towards the stairway. Both boys carried flashlights, but Jesse, holding his light out with his freehand, led the way. After a bit of a struggle they were standing at the stairwell door. The old door was also open, when it was usually closed, they looked at each other, but then laughed it off. They were scaring themselves before they could even pull the pranks on their friends. 
Jesse went in first and shined his light along the stairs as they walked one step at a time to the next floor. Their shoes slid against the dust and grit that had built up on the steps over the years. The crunching of debris under their steps awakened the dead-quiet stairwell. The boys tried to break up the awkward verbal silence by joking about the upcoming night. 
As they got to the third floor Jesse stopped suddenly. Russell bumped into him. 
“What happened? What’s wrong?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I thought I heard something.” 
“Come on. Now you’re sounding like a scared pussy. Keep going,” Russell said. Unaware that something was stirring above them on the steps leading up to the fourth floor, he nudged at Jesse’s back to move him forward.
“Listen! Can’t you hear it?” asked Jesse. His heart was beating fast. His eyes focused on where his light was shining above. Russell also looked, but neither could see anything. There was dead silence for a moment. Then, the sound could be heard again, the unmistakable sound of a chain dragging the floor. Russell didn’t want to show his fear, but his heart was beating as fast as Jesse’s. Russell set the chairs down and grabbed his flashlight. He shined it alongside Jesse’s light. They could only see dust particles floating around and the rails that led to the fourth floor. The sound of chains grew louder, coming closer. The boys were frozen, but Russell found some bravado, despite his fear.
“Who’s there?!” he demanded. “You better show yourself or we’ll kick your ass!” The sound of the chains dragging the floor stopped one flight of stairs above them. 
More silence.
The clanging of the chains began again. The source behind the sound was about to show itself. The boys wanted to run, their minds told them they had to run, but they couldn’t. Their hands shook, causing the beams of light to dance around the walls like strobe lights at a party. Only, their party hadn’t started yet.
Or had it?
“I said who’s there?” Russell asked once more. His voice was not as demanding as before, and the sound of his voice, along with the uncontrolled shaking of his hand, showed his fear. The unknown scared him shitless, but his determination, and stubbornness, kept him still. He had to see what was there. 
Then, there it was, the chain dangling around the turn for the next flight of stairs. Holding the chain was a hand, followed by a man. The flashlights beamed through the specks of dust and simultaneously, both the lights were directed at the face of the man carrying the chains.
They recognized the face to their shock and relief. 
“You boys better quit messing around in here.” It was old man Jake. He was carrying a good-sized link of chain. “It’s too dangerous in here to be playing around.” Jake stopped and shined his own light down the stairway at the boys. They stood in silence. “What are you boys planning? What’s all that for?”
Russell spoke, “We were just gonna have a party up here tonight. It won’t hurt nothin’.” His nervousness all but stopped once he realized it was only Jake. Everyone knew Jake from his stories about The Mangler. Russell’s bravery showed itself again.
“That’s not a good idea. The floors upstairs aren’t good. You boys leave this chain lying around?” Jake lifted the chain. It looked new and not like it had been there for some time. Jake began walking down towards them. “Get that light out of my face, and you boys best be heading home.” He walked past them as they moved out of his way.
Russell and Jesse didn’t know how to respond. Even at his age, Jake could be intimidating when he wanted. Jake took one more step past them and turned around. “This building is old. Listen to what I tell you.” He turned and walked down the stairs towards the second floor. The seriousness of what Jake said settled in the their minds for a moment as they heard him work his way down.
They looked at each other. Russell didn’t show concern, but Jesse had his confidence shaken. “I don’t care what he said. We’re still having this party. He just came down from the fourth floor and nothing happened. Everything will be fine,” Russell said. 
“I know what you’re saying, it’s just kinda weird. What was he doing in here anyway?” Jesse asked. His question was a good one. One that Russell couldn’t answer.
“I don’t know. Maybe he has a thing for old buildings. Who knows? All I know is that we’re having this party no matter what,” Russell said, as he turned off his flashlight and grabbed the chairs. He started moving up to the fourth floor as Jesse, his flashlight still in hand, reluctantly followed him. 
Jesse’s head rang again with the question, 
What was Jake doing in here? 
<><><>
Known to the neighborhood kids as, Old Man Jake, The Ghost Storyteller, Jake had a secret, and special attachment to The Mangler and the old hospital. No one he told the stories to, mostly kids, knew that he worked at the hospital for a short time. He had a part-time job there doing odd jobs and delivering the inner-office mail throughout the hospital. On the day after David Henry Coleman was brought in, Jake was working. Jake was working on the fourth floor, but was not allowed in the ICU area unless he was taking mail or documents that needed to be delivered or signed.
He had to walk by Coleman’s room to get to the nurses’ station that day. As he walked by he glanced at the two FBI agents. They stood at the doorway in the typical law enforcement style, looking straight ahead, hands crossed in front. The FBI agents wore dark shades, even though they were indoors. After dropping the paperwork at the nurse’s station, Jake made his way back down the hall. As he got close to Coleman’s room he took a look in. Coleman’s eyes were closed, wires and tubes attached all over his body. Just as he was about to take his eyes off of Coleman and nod to the officers, David Henry Coleman opened his eyes quickly and stared directly at Jake, as if he knew he was walking by. The stare was so intense and frightening that Jake unknowingly paused. Coleman raised his cuffed hand as far as he could and pointed at Jake. His eyes grew more intense and his hand began to shake. Jake felt like he was saying, I’ll get you! Jake broke Coleman's trance and quickly walked away. Just down the hall he heard a nurse scream and a computerized voice spoke over the speakers indicating that a patient was coding. 
Jake learned soon after, that Coleman had died. That one moment that Jake had with the serial killer, no matter how brief, along with him making the call to police, would haunt him and connect the two men years after. This was the secret that Jake kept inside. This was why he walked the hospital after it was shutdown. He needed to face his fears and not let Coleman take his mind. The experience he had that day scared Jake. He felt he was exercising the demon every time he walked on the fourth floor of the old hospital—a walk he took once a month. He knew that it would be haunted on the anniversary of The Mangler’s death. He had seen Coleman five times; each time they stood at opposite ends of the hall. Only, it wasn’t Coleman anymore; it was The Mangler who stood there, chain in one hand, sickle in the other. He would stand and laugh out loud down the hall, as if he knew something no one else knew. The first time Jake saw him, he was paralyzed by the same fear that had grabbed him years earlier. He knew it wasn’t someone playing around trying to scare him, because each time the killer laughed, he would stop suddenly and point his finger at Jake like he did before. Then as he gave him that same demonic stare, The Mangler would slowly fade away into the darkness like magic . . . dark magic. It was a secret Jake planned to take to his grave. He didn’t mind telling the stories to the kids, he knew they were safe, even if they got curious and ventured in the old hospital. But he made sure no one could get in on the anniversary of his death. He felt that he protected the people and the place, as long as he was able to confront the monster in the hall, and until it disappeared into the mist, like it always did. He knew that sometimes the stories would make the kids more curious, and want to find answers, but he really wanted to scare them enough to keep them away.
He held some type of power over Coleman. The power kept the killer in the spirit world. The only time Jake failed to make the anniversary walk was the week the construction worker was killed, or as police say, committed suicide. Now that he knew the kids were planning to have a party there, he had to make sure they could not get in through that door.
Despite Jake’s warning, Russell and Jesse continued up to the fourth floor and set up the tables and chairs. They figured that if Old Man Jake was able to walk alone on the fourth floor, they surely would be safe with a lot of people up there later. After they finished with the things they had, they left and made phone calls to everyone who was invited. They let the select few know that the party was still on.


2
R.S.V.P.

Doug and Kyle got Brandon to go along with the plan—a little peer pressure can go a long way. The plan was for each of them to say they were staying at the other’s house for the night. That way their parents wouldn’t know the difference, and they could actually stay at Doug’s older cousin’s house. Brandon was the least sure of the idea, but went along, trying to fit in. The noises they heard earlier at the old hospital were forgotten, as the excitement about the party grew. 
The sun was fading into the western sky, and darkness began to consume the town. Kyle and Doug were at his cousin’s house and waiting to hear from Brandon. They were getting excited about crashing the party and finally getting to go up to the famous fourth floor. Kyle worried that Brandon would screw up their plans. 
“Maybe we shouldn’t have let Brandon know what we were going to do. He might tell on us, and we’ll all get in trouble,” said Kyle.
“He’ll make it. He wants to check it out as much as we do.” Doug didn’t have faith in Brandon showing up either, but he wasn’t going to let Kyle know, or Kyle might back out too.
Brandon sat at home, nervous and scared. He didn’t want to get in any trouble at home and he had a bad feeling about the party. He was really looking forward to his first year of high school in his new town. Now, he was less than a year away and didn’t want to ruin it by getting in trouble, but he didn’t want to lose the friends he had in Doug and Kyle. He still had a little time to decide before his mother would ask why he hadn’t left for his friend’s house to spend the night. He didn’t live far from the hospital, maybe a five-minute ride on his bike, just in case he wanted to meet them there later. 
Jake went back to the hospital a little after dark,  picked up the chain he had brought down earlier and used it to secure the door with a padlock. There was no way he was going to let those kids fall into any danger goofing around in the hospital, especially at night. After he locked the door, he had a look around, and didn’t see anyone lingering in the area. 
Jake went home.
Russell and the rest of the party-goers showed up around nine o’clock. Russell and Jesse had already set up a couple of pranks for later. They had a couple of friends drop them off and they each had coolers full of food and beer, flashlights, candles and whatever else they felt was needed for the party. The friends that left them there parked their vehicles just down the street at the twenty-four hour grocery store, then walked back. 
Jesse made it to the door first and saw it was chained and locked. 
“Damn!”
Russell walked up soon after. “What’s wrong? Door locked?” Russell began to laugh.
“What’s so funny? We can’t get in now.”
“I figured the old man would do something like this. I expected it. But, I know another way in,” Russell said, with a smile. 
“What? Another way?” Jesse had never known of any other way to go in. 
“Yeah. Not many know about the entrance in the delivery area. You have to go down some steps to get to the door.”
“And you never told me?” Jesse seemed offended.
“There never was a reason to say, as long as we could always get in through here,” Russell said as he tapped on the lock with his flashlight. “Besides, my older brother told me about it, and made me swear to not tell anyone.”
Without another word, they started walking back to the rest of their friends. Jesse wasn’t satisfied with the explanation, but it didn’t matter right then, it was time to get the party started. As they got back to the group, Russell was all smiles. 
“Looks like we have to use Plan B.” 
They grabbed their things and headed down the steps to the delivery area on the lower floor. 
Doug checked the time on his cell phone: 9:25. “He’s not coming. I don’t care what he tells you on those text messages,” Doug said, “we’re gonna have to go alone and hope he doesn’t get us in trouble.” 
“You think we should still go?” Kyle wasn’t as into the plan as he was before. 
“Yeah, it’ll be fun,” Doug said, as he put his phone back in his pocket. 
The boys got some things together and planned to leave at ten o’clock. They didn’t expect to hear from Brandon. 
The party was going well. They had made it through the lower entry, just as Russell had told them. Their climb to the fourth floor was a little bit of a walk, but no one complained. They were there to have a good time. The music was loud, but not too loud, and they had enough candles and battery-operated lights to make the hallway of Floor Four a perfect place for their idea of a morbid party. No one could hear them way up on the fourth floor, and with the windows being boarded up, no one would be able to see their lights. Russell and Jesse overlooked the party in progress and smiled, proud they had pulled it off. There were eight kids altogether, and some were dressed in black, with small chains hanging from their necks as a tribute to the anniversary of The Mangler’s death. For most of the eight high school kids, believing that the ghost of the famous serial killer actually haunted the halls was just a myth, or they would not be there. One girl, Linda, wasn’t so sure about the stories being a myth. She had to see for herself, and was glad she got invited. Russell was waiting for two more people to show up. They were running late, and would be there around ten-thirty.
Jake sat on his porch smoking his cigar. He glanced over at the front of the hospital and didn’t see anything unusual. Every time he smoked one, he thought of his late wife and how she detested him smoking, and the awful smell, in her opinion anyway, that a burning cigar makes. He didn’t smoke too often when she was alive. He tried to respect her wishes, and her genuine concern for his health. As he sat and thought of everything, he planned to take one last walk for the night around ten, and check on the chain and lock he had put on the hospital door. 
Doug and Kyle rode their bikes in and out of the soft glow of the street lamps down Memorial Drive on their way to the hospital. Once they made the turn west on Memorial, the dark, ominous look of the five-story hospital came into view. They had seen this view many times before, but this time it took on a completely different look and feel. Almost simultaneously they both stopped peddling and let their bikes glide towards the main road. They both knew that this time was different because, if everything worked out, they were going to see the fourth floor for the first time.
After the boys made it to the back of the hospital, they hid their bikes and walked to the door. 
“Look! It’s locked!” Doug said. A look of despair and disappointment came over his face. 
Kyle walked around Doug and shook the chain and lock, as if it would make a difference. “There has to be another way in. They had to have found a way in,” said Doug, as he looked around the building searching for another way in. 
They walked a short distance to the side of the building and Doug grabbed Kyle, holding him still to keep him quiet. He had spotted two high school kids walking down the steps to the secret entrance. The two boys walked down the steps carrying a couple of bags, as they laughed and joked. Doug smiled, knowing they had found their way in. 
They waited awhile and then worked their way through the shadows to the stairs that led down to a place they had not been before. Kyle reached into his pocket and pulled out his flashlight. 
Doug looked back at Kyle smiling, “Even if Brandon decides to come he won’t be able to get in now, too bad for him.” He let out a soft chuckle. 
Once they made it to the bottom they peered into the darkness through the half-open door. They listened for the other two kids. The coast was clear. 
The feeling of betrayal, even for a thirteen-year-old kid, was too much to take. Doug and Kyle weren’t answering his messages, so Brandon decided to sneak out and ride his bike to try to meet them at the hospital. The bike ride to the hospital would only take a few minutes. 
“I might be able to catch them before they go in,” he said to himself, peddling faster.
Carrying his flashlight, Jake made his way through the fence and into the plaza at the back of the hospital. Lightning lit up the sky to the west; the rain was on the way, it wouldn’t be long. He carefully walked through the area leading up to the door. Pleased and satisfied to see that the lock and chain were still in place, Jake turned and began to walk towards the fence when he thought he heard music playing. He stopped walking to listen closer. The sound was coming from the side of the building. 
Jake walked around the corner and the music grew a little louder. Nothing that could be heard by anyone driving on the main road, but it was just audible enough from where he was. His emotions went from being happy that he had stopped the kids from going inside the building, to anger and fear. He knew what was at stake, and he knew that these kids had no idea of the danger they were in. He walked faster towards the source of the sound. 
Brandon made it to the hospital and parked his bike by a tree. He reached for his flashlight and realized he had forgotten it. 
Too late now, he thought. 
At a pace between walking and running, he got to the door the boys had shown him earlier, but to his shock, it was chained shut. He did the customary, grab-and-pull, but it wasn’t budging. Now he really didn’t know what to do. Just then, he caught a quick flash of light out of the corner of his eye. At first he was cautious, thinking it might be the police, but his curiosity got the best of him and he quietly walked in the direction of the light. 
The party had just started, but it was already going good. Everyone who was invited had made it in, and now it was time for Russell and Jesse to put their pranks in motion. A total of twelve kids were enjoying the music, food and drinks. They placed lights and candles in different locations to cast shadows and give off a creepy look, but also needed to leave enough lighting so everyone could see. The candles outlined the party area in the hall, just outside the room where The Mangler died. The battery-powered lights lit the center of the party circle. Russell and Jesse had to slip out one at a time, to dawn their props for the big scare. They had planned on waiting until midnight, but they really didn’t know how long the party would last, or if the police would crash it, so they decided to play their prank. Russell had placed a good length of chain and a sickle in the ICU room where Coleman had died. He planned to sneak in there and jump out at the party at just the right time. Jesse was to sneak away down the long hall and get his hidden sickle and chain, along with a mask, and walk towards the party group to get their attention, just before Russell jumped out at them from behind. 
Doug and Kyle made their way to the third floor without any problem. They could hear the music and good times just above them. They were excited, yet nervous, to finally get to see the famous floor, and also, to be around the older high school kids. That excitement had blocked out all their fear of what might be lurking on the floor above. The door that led to the third floor hall was to their left. It was half-open and Doug shined his light into the darkness. 
“We better get up to the next floor,” said Kyle.
“We will. Don’t you want to look around a little bit? We’ve never been up this far before,” Doug said. He pushed the door open to get a better view. “Besides, the party will be going on for a while,” he said, looking back at Kyle. He walked into the pitch-black hallway of the third floor. Kyle had no choice but to follow.
Brandon walked around the corner in the direction of the light. He was standing at the steps that led down to a lower level, but without a flashlight there was no way he was going to go down there. The only thing that kept him from leaving was that he could hear the party’s music. He knew that his friends were in there somewhere. 
Suddenly a light flashed from behind!
“What are you doing around here this late at night?” The voice scared Brandon, and he turned quickly to see who it was. 
Jake.
“I told you boys to stay away from here. It’s too dangerous to be in there,” Jake said.
Brandon was shaking a little with Jake looming over him, the light shining in his eyes. He wanted to turn and run to his bike and go back home. “I’m sorry sir. I was just looking for my friends,” Brandon said, tears welled in his eyes.
“Look son, you best go home now. I’ll find your friends and get them home too. I didn’t mean to scare you, but I had to see if you knew the way into the building.”
“The only way I know is the way we went in before, but it’s locked,” said Brandon. 
“I know it’s locked, I’m the one who did it. Now it sounds like they found another way in.” Jake pointed his light to the steps leading down. “You go home. I’ll get them out of there before it’s too late.” 
Brandon was scared, he nodded and turned, then walked away towards his bike. Jake shined the light along the path to help him find his way back. 
Russell and Jesse eased away from the party and got in position to scare the others. The props of the sickle and chain were just where Jesse had left them. Russell went right to the place where he had left his props, but they weren’t there. He anxiously looked around the room, they were gone. He knew exactly where he had left them, leaving him puzzled as to where they could have gone. The only explanation was that someone at the party had found and moved them, but it was too late now. They had to go on without them, and he hoped that Jesse’s chain and sickle were still there. He quickly sent a text to Jesse to start the plan. 
Jesse put on the mask and the butcher’s apron, splashed with fake blood, and grabbed his sickle and chain. He was a good way down the hall, and walked out into it, moving towards the unsuspecting party-goers. No one noticed him at first. He made it halfway down the hall before a girl at the party saw something moving slowly towards them. 
The lights from the party gave off an eerie glow from Jesse’s view through the mask as he methodically walked towards the group. The girl who spotted him froze at first, then turned to the others. 
“Look! Who is that?” 
Everyone turned and looked in silence at the slow-moving figure as the sound of the chain dragging on the floor could now be heard. The sickle came into clearer view, raised high, as he approached the outer circle of the lights.
“Oh my God!” one girl screamed. The entire group backed up slowly, and as they did, they moved directly in front of the entrance to the room where Russell was ready to scare them from behind. 
“Who are you? What do you want?” Craig said as he stood out in front of the scared group. “Is this some kind of joke?” he demanded. 
“Let’s get out of here!” another girl shouted. 
Just as the screams and shrieks became louder as a group, Russell made his surprise entrance from behind them. He jumped out at them with a scream made for Hollywood, just as Jesse started running at full speed towards them with his sickle and chain. Russell’s leap at them from behind left the group no choice but to run in the darkness down the opposite end of the hall screaming. Craig took one last look, trying to see who it was, when he saw Russell. 
“Son of a bitch!” he yelled. “What the hell is wrong with you?” 
Russell and Jesse began to laugh loudly, and Jesse took his mask off. Craig was furious and walked up to Jesse and pushed him in the chest, knocking him back a couple of feet. 
“What the hell?” he said again, his eyes on fire.
“It’s just a joke man, just a joke,” Russell said, “lighten up.”
The rest of the party saw what was happening and slowly made their way back down the dark hall. Some laughed, while others were just as upset as Craig. 
Once everyone was back, Russell had to make an apology, despite a couple of people clapping in appreciation of the joke.
“Sorry everyone, we didn’t mean to scare you. Well, maybe we did, but we didn’t want to ruin the party, only to have fun.”
Craig and a couple of others were still angry, but were listening. 
“He’s right,” Jesse said, as he stepped forward, “we just wanted to have some fun, and figured that we were all here because of The Mangler. That’s why we did it.”
They slowly let go of their anger in response to what Jesse was saying. 
“Really, it was just in fun,” said Russell.
Victor, a linebacker on the football team and a friend of Jesse, walked up to him, grabbed the chain from his hand, and raised it. “I’ll let you slide, this time, but if you pull some shit like that again, I’ll strangle you with this chain myself,” he said. He raised the chain to Jesse’s neck and looked him in the eye. “Just a joke, right?”
The group was silent; the tension was at a high. Then, Victor smiled. Jesse smiled, and relief set in on him and the party-goers. 
No matter how mad some of them were, the party would still go on. Russell was relieved, and patted Victor on the shoulder as Victor placed the chain around his own neck and walked away. 
Russell looked at Jesse. “That was great, but I didn’t think they would be so mad.”
“Where is your chain?” Jesse asked him.
“I don’t know. I thought you grabbed them, or someone at the party found them, but they weren’t where I left them.”
“Let’s go look in there again,” Jesse said.
The party continued as if nothing happened. All seemed relieved that it was just a joke, and that gave them a false sense of security. 
Doug and Kyle walked the third floor hallway shining their lights in all directions. The dark corridor looked much like the rest of the hospital that they had seen. They heard screaming from up above them. They stopped walking to listen. They were hearing screams. The hairs on the back of their necks stood up, and just then they realized that what they had seen in the movies was real. That fact scared them even more. The boys turned and ran as fast as they could to the door. Just as they made it there, the door slammed in their face. Dust and debris flew into the air and floated through the beams of light emitting from their flashlights. They yelled and pounded on the metal door not knowing who, or what, slammed the door closed.
Jake walked into the lower level of the loading dock and was shocked to find out that there was another way to get in—he thought he knew every inch of the place—and he knew that trouble was coming for those kids above. He carried his flashlight and crowbar that he brought from the house. Coleman would be waiting for him, he was sure of that. He had to get those kids out of there before Coleman had a chance to crossover to the real world and kill again. He heard the faint sound of screams coming from the party. He hurried his pace, climbing the stairs up to the first floor from the lower level. Once he got back up to the main level he went to the stairwell and made the ascent, one step at a time. 
Halfway to the second floor, he stopped to catch his breath, when he heard the sound of a door slam. He shined his light upwards, but could not see anything. He hesitated, hoping that the screaming and the door slamming was all part of the kids having their fun at the party. He was relieved, for the moment.
Bang! Bang! Bang! The banging on the third floor door startled Jake.
“Let us out! Let us out!” Doug and Kyle screamed from behind the door. 
Jake made it to the door. “Who’s in there? Is that you kids?” Jake asked.
“Yes, it’s Doug and Kyle. Is that you Jake?” Doug asked, his voice shaky. 
“What the hell are you boys doing in here? I told you to stay away didn’t I?” Jake was angry. He reached for the door handle and twisted the knob, it wouldn’t turn. Jake leaned against it and pushed. The door budged a little. “Pull the door!” he yelled. 
The boys pulled as he pushed, the door creaked loudly as it opened. The light from the three flashlights intersected between them. The boys were wide-eyed and scared. Jake’s eyes were full of anger and fear.

Brandon had fooled Jake. He walked towards his bike, but stopped once he was out of Jake’s view. He quietly followed, making sure he was able to see Jake’s light as he walked ahead. Although Brandon was scared, he knew he had to see what was up there, and prove to his friends that he wasn’t scared. He had no light, but stayed close enough behind Jake that he was able to use Jake’s light to guide him up the stairs. 
Brandon heard the commotion in the stairwell above him. He stopped, straining his eyes to see what was happening. The only thing he could see were beams of light flashing in all directions. Beyond the commotion, he could hear the sound of music and laughter coming from the party. He continued walking up, doing so as quietly as possible. 
“You boys get out of here now. Understand me?!” Jake said, not asking, but telling. 
“Yes… Yes sir.” Doug and Kyle were scared enough, after being locked in, to gladly get the hell out of there. They ran down the stairs towards the second floor. Brandon was close enough now to hear Jake’s demand. He didn’t want them to see him, so he ran a few steps down and ducked just inside the second floor hall. He wanted to prove to them that he wasn’t afraid, that he was there, but at the same time, he wanted to follow Jake. He wanted to see if he was hiding something. He wanted to see what was on the fourth floor. 
The boys ran by, never looking into the second floor hall. Brandon hid behind the door. He didn’t realize how much he was shaking until the boys had rumbled down the stairs on their way out to safety. Brandon came out and quickly made his way back up to where Jake was. Afraid, he needed to stay as close to his light as possible.

Victor, after making his point to Russell and Jesse, walked down the hall, chain still dangling around his neck, on his way to use the restroom. Although there was no running water, the kids did use the actual restrooms when they had to go. Victor, feeling brave, walked in with his flashlight and found the toilet stalls, along with the terrible smell. He smiled—he was in the right place. 
Victor positioned the flashlight so that he could see when he took his leak. He felt as if someone was watching him. His intuition was right. The chain that dangled around his neck and over his shoulders was grabbed from behind. It startled Victor, he tried to turn. 
“Hey! What the hell? Don’t you see I’m trying to take a piss here?” he said, thinking it was a joke. The chain tightened around his neck and was pulled back violently, Victor’s upper body flew backwards, the flashlight dropping from his hand. He tried to keep his feet planted, as he was taught many times during football practice, but whoever was pulling him was strong . . . very strong. The air was being sucked from him quickly; he tried desperately to take in air, grabbing at the big chain around his neck. 
“Come on, quit playing!” he cried. 
His adversary quickly twisted him around. His eyes bulged from losing air and in fright, as he saw that the person strangling him was not one of his friends, nor anyone he knew, but he was someone he knew of . . . The Mangler.
David Henry Coleman struck down on Victor using the sickle and drove it straight into Victor’s chest. The razor-sharp point of the blade cut through and lodged in his chest easily. Victor, eyes bulging and in shock, had no time to react. Coleman stepped away after loosening his grip on the chain and let Victor take the last few steps of his life into the hallway. Victor walked like a zombie into the hall, the only thing keeping him alive was pure adrenaline, but even that could only last for so long. Coleman smiled as he watched Victor try to save himself. 
Sarah was the first to see him. She screamed at first, and then thought it was another prank. She walked up to the wide-eyed Victor, his hands clutching the blade lodged into his bleeding chest. 
“Another joke huh? It won’t work this time. So cut it out!” she said. 
Victor’s bloody body fell forward in front of her. He landed face down forcing the sickle up through his chest and partly out his back. 
Sarah screamed, realizing it wasn’t a joke. The other kids at the party ran to her. They saw Victor's body and had trouble believing it was all real. The blood was pooling under him. The sickle stuck out of his back like a calling card and warning from The Mangler. 
Jake made his way through the fourth floor door just in time to see the kids arriving at Victor’s dead body. Sarah, shaking and sobbing, still in utter shock, looked up and saw Jake and screamed loud. Everyone looked at her, then Jake. Jake had come in the only way they could get out. More of the girls screamed and then Jesse realized it was only Jake and the group felt a slight sense of relief. 
Russell kneeled at Victor’s side doing whatever he thought he could do to save him, or bring him back. Russell was sobbing. 
“What the hell are you kids doing!?” He walked closer to the group and saw the dead body on the floor. He paused. “Shit. You kids get out of here,” he said softly. Thoughts ran through his head about what he could have done to prevent what just happened—something he knew would happen sooner or later. He finally snapped out of it. “GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE! NOW!!” he screamed at them. They didn’t hesitate. All, but Russell and Jesse, ran down the hall, some crying, some screaming. Their sounds of terror faded as they hit the stairs going down. 
Brandon had just avoided them as he stepped to the side of the door. He was more scared than he had ever been, but he was too close now, he had to see. 
“Come on Russ! We gotta get out of here,” Jesse pleaded. Russell looked down at his friend, trying to absorb what happened. His hands were full of blood. 
He cried. 
Jesse grabbed at his arm and helped lift him to a standing position. 
“Go. You boys need to get going now,” Jake told them. “Did you hear me? I said NOW!” he yelled. 
Jesse got Russell up and they both ran up the hall and down the stairs. 
The thunder and lightning that was in the distance earlier was now over the town and hospital. Not all of the upper floor windows were boarded up, which allowed the lightning to cast its eerie flashes of light down the hallway, as Jake stared down at the dead body, shaking his head. Anger swept over him, he had enough of The Mangler. No more visits, no more visions, no more secrets. He had to settle this now. 
The music was still blaring from the stereo as Brandon carefully peered around the doorway of the entrance to the fourth floor. He saw Jake standing over a body on the floor. Scared and afraid to speak up, Brandon knew he should have left to safety with the others. 
Jake found a blanket that was left at the party and used it to cover Victor’s body. He walked over to the stereo and turned it off, the hip hop tune that was playing silenced. He knew this would all end now. He felt responsible for the boy’s death. There was no way to keep the secret now.
The unmistakable feeling hit him again, one he knew very well. Coleman was with him again. Jake turned to find Coleman standing not more than twenty feet from him. This was the closest that they had ever been to each other, but this time, it was not Coleman, it was The Mangler. 
This time, he was not a ghost. 
This time he was real. 
He smiled at Jake. Jake tried to hide his fear and use the power, a power which he did not understand; the power that he had used over him before, to make him disappear. “That won’t work now old man,” Coleman said. “I have been released and tasted blood again. I can smell my victims, their sweet smell of fear.” He laughed, never taking his eyes off Jake.
Jake had never heard him speak, which proved to him that Coleman was indeed alive. Jake stayed calm, not revealing his fear. He studied the killer, who, this time, did not look like a cloud or mist. No, this time the thing that stood in front of him was now alive.
Brandon stood in the shadows, in awe and amazement. 
Was he really seeing the ghost of The Mangler? He wanted to run down the stairs, but the shock held him there. He felt the warm fluid running down his leg. His fear was causing him to lose control of his body. Brandon was shaking so much that his vision became blurry. He was about to go into shock.
“You don’t scare me,” Jake told him. “Dead or alive, you don’t scare me.” Jake calmly put a cigar in his mouth and lit it, trying to hide his shaking hand. 
Coleman was changing in front of his eyes. 
Maybe, just maybe, whatever power I have is working, Jake thought. 
But Coleman wasn’t disappearing into a mist like before. He was growing more human, more real. Jake realized that Coleman was now holding a sickle in one hand and a chain in the other. 
Jake knew this meeting with the killer was different. He had just killed an innocent boy and that was giving him the power to come back to this world and murder again. The power he had over Coleman, one that he did not understand, he needed now. The only thing he had done since he began coming up here was standing his ground and looking right into the eyes of the murderer, never wavering. This always worked, and kept Coleman in the spirit world. 
Since the day in ICU, when Coleman pointed at him just before he died, the two were connected. Now, it came down to this, and he had no idea how to stop it.
Jake puffed on his cigar, fire burned and crackled at the end. The smoke swirled and drifted up in front of him as he exhaled. 
If this bastard is real now, I should be able to hurt him.
Brandon didn’t know what to do. With his body shaking so bad he couldn’t move. He was far enough away and peeking through the crack in the door that they had no idea he was there, as long as he stayed in the dark.
Jake reached for a small piece of pipe that was lying on a table.
“Go ahead, take it,” Coleman told him. “It won’t do you any good. Your power over me is gone.” Coleman stepped forward raising the sickle and chain. Jake tried to grab the pipe, but it slipped through his fingers and clanked on the cement floor. Coleman quickly stepped within three feet of Jake, sickle raised, about to strike down in his trademark murdering style.
Jake closed his eyes. 
This was the end. 
Brandon watched, mouth wide open, and began to cry. 
Behind his closed eyes, Jake waited to be struck down, but nothing happened. He opened them; the cigar fell from his mouth. 
Coleman was gone. 
Jake looked around, not knowing if he had made him disappear like before, or if he had escaped. 
He heard a noise behind him coming from the stairwell, turned quickly, bent, and picked up the piece of pipe. He walked cautiously towards the door, raising the pipe as he did. He heard Brandon crying just inside the doorway. “What the hell are you doing here?” Jake asked, as he lowered the pipe. “I told you boys to get out of here. I’m not gonna say it again!” Jake was very mad now—damn kids.
“I’m by myself,” Brandon said.
“Here, take this flashlight and get out of here,” Jake said, “and don’t come back, ever again.”
Just as Brandon took the light, he glanced over Jake’s shoulder and saw The Mangler looming a few feet behind Jake. Fear returned to Brandon’s eyes. He tried to point to Jake, over his shoulder, but fear kept him from raising his arm. The flashlight in his hand felt like it weighed a hundred pounds. Jake saw the look in Brandon eye’s and knew what was waiting for him.
Brandon turned and ran down the stairs with the shaking, erratic light beam out in front.
Jake reached out and closed the old metal door. He was now alone with Coleman. He turned to face his fate. 
Coleman, for the first time, looked more threatening to Jake, more like The Mangler. This time was different and Jake knew it. The Mangler stood with a shiny new sickle in one hand, and a brand new chain in the other. He wasn’t in a misty state as he had been before. He had transformed into the real world after killing Victor. 
Jake reached for a cigar, but the one he had earlier was gone. He smiled. 
“You know what I just figured out?” The Mangler stood silent listening to Jake. “I don’t know why, never have, but I still have power over you, because if I die, you die forever.”
The Mangler raised the sickle again, lifted the chain and took a step towards Jake. 
“You’re not leaving here without me, old friend,” Jake said, running towards Coleman, with the pipe raised high. The Mangler’s eyes were fixed on his next victim . . . Jake.
Brandon had made it down to the second floor when he heard a long groan from above. The sound of it made him stop and grab the railing. He looked up into the darkness, knowing it was Jake. He let go of the rail and ran faster than before. He was sure he was running for his life.

Jake’s body was found hung from the old piping on Floor Four. He, like the contract worker, was hung by a chain. But, unlike the worker, Jake’s throat was slit, with the sickle lying below him. It was not the trademark killing of The Mangler—with the sickle lodged in the chest.
After a long investigation, the case was unsolved and considered a homicide. Everyone from the party was a suspect, interviews were done, with no leads found. 
Brandon was interviewed, after he came forward about being there that night, but no one knew that he saw The Mangler. Being young and scared, he never told the whole story. He was afraid that The Mangler would come after him since he was the last one to see him, and know the truth. He knew who murdered Jake. 
3
NEW BEGINNINGS
One Year Later…
“We are standing just outside the site of the soon-to-be-demolished, Saint Vincent Hospital,” the female news reporter from Channel 13 said. “Almost a year to the date since the double- murder of Jake Felder and Victor Ramirez, the old hospital has been secured and boarded up for safety concerns, and for the ongoing murder investigation. Investigators tell us, over that period of time, that all possible evidence and clues have been taken from this location.” The reporter talked over old footage that was being shown to viewers. “Despite protests from some members in the community, the sixty-two-year-old hospital will be demolished tomorrow. Rumors continue to persist that the ghost of serial killer, David Henry Coleman, known as The Mangler, still haunts the building. Even after a year has passed since the last murders, some say that the ghost of Coleman is responsible.” The reporter paused as a picture of Coleman was shown to viewers. “But after the demolition tomorrow, we may never know the truth. On location in Baytown, this is Cynthia Hanson reporting for Channel 13.” 
The demolition took place the next day. News stations, reporters, citizens and all the kids that were at the party that rainy night watched from behind the safety barricades. Brandon also watched. 
The hospital went down without a problem, in a heap of concrete, steel and rubble. Most curious onlookers left after it met its fate, but Brandon and few others watched as crews moved in to remove some of the debris. Brandon, being a kid, found many things to keep his mind off what he saw that night, but he had to see the old building go down for himself. 
A large truck with a front-end-loader was slowly plowing towards a pile of debris when a ground worker signaled for him to stop. “Stop! Stop!” The worker bent down and began sifting through a small pile of rubble. “What the hell?” he said to himself. “No way.” 
The big piece of machinery suddenly stopping, and the yelling of the worker, caught Brandon’s eye. He watched as the worker bent down and lifted a couple of pieces of metal away and then lifted a thick, shiny, silver chain. 
Brandon looked on in horror as he realized what it was. He shouted out loud, to no one in particular. “LOOK!” His eyes wide, he pointed at the worker. 
“This looks brand new, no way,” the worker said. Then he reached down and lifted the other piece he had found, a sickle. It was as new as the chain. “What the hell is going on? How did this get here?” 
Brandon looked on, almost in shock, as the worker lifted both the sickle and chain high over his head. 
“Look. I’m The Mangler!” the worker said, as he laughed out loud. 
The light from the sun reflected off the sickle's blade and shined right into Brandon’s horrified eyes. The worker turned his head and looked right at Brandon. The sun's reflection was bright, but Brandon saw, not the construction worker holding his tools of murder . . . he saw The Mangler. 
<><><>
That night Brandon lay in his bed, unable to sleep. With the hospital now gone, he was avoiding the latest text messages from Doug and Kyle, not wanting to share what he saw the night of the murders—that was something he never told them—and what he thought he saw at the demolition. He was thinking, trying to understand his visions of The Mangler, when he heard a knock at his window. 
It has to be them, he thought. 
He got out of bed and walked in the dark room to the window. The lightning briefly lit the room with a flash of light, as he stood at the window. Brandon slowly lifted one of the blinds to peek outside. Another flash of lightning hit, but he could not see anyone. 
Maybe it was the wind. 
He walked away, but stopped in the middle of the room when he heard the unmistakable sound of something sharp scratching slowly on the glass. A chill came over him. 
Lighting flashed. 
The scratching was slow and deliberate. He had two choices—run out his bedroom to his parent’s room, or see who was out there. 
Despite being young, and with all that had happened, Brandon was still a curious and a brave kid. He turned and walked to the window. 
Thunder shook the room, and as the rain started, the scratching stopped. Brandon took a deep breath, grabbed the string, ready to pull the blinds up. It was time to face what was out there. 
He pulled on the string, the blinds lifted, lightning flashed again. No one was there. 
Then, suddenly…
Jake appeared, the palms of his hands hit flat against the window. It scared Brandon, he took a step back. Jake put his face to the window as rain poured down. He had a terrible look of despair. Brandon trembled. 
“Run boy, run,” Jake pleaded. “Run!”
Tears filled Brandon’s eyes, sorrow setting in. In a flash, a chain flew over Jake's head and around his neck. It wrapped tightly as Jake grabbed at it. Jake's body was slung backward by something more powerful than any living man. Jake’s body hit the wet mud and grass, and there stood David Henry Coleman. With his right hand he lifted the chain, lifting Jake off the ground by a foot. Jake’s body shook as he grasped for air. In The Mangler's left hand was his sickle. He stared at the scared young boy. 
Thunder and lightning struck again.
“You can’t escape me. Anyone who sees me must die,” The Mangler said, coldly. He dropped Jake’s dead body. It landed in the mud, with a thud and splash. “I’ll be coming for you,” he told Brandon, who was now crying. 
The Mangler burned one last evil look into Brandon’s eyes just before he turned and walked towards the woods, Jake’s lifeless body being dragged by the chain behind him. 
Brandon watched, scared and crying, knowing the ghost of Jake tried to warn him one more time. He turned to run from his room and as he took his first step, he looked up and saw The Mangler’s bloody sickle lodged into his bedroom door. Trapped between the window and the door, Brandon had to make a decision. Afraid to look back to the window, he glanced at the sickle in the door before running to it and reaching for the door knob. Not looking up, he tried to turn the knob, but either in his scared and panicked state, or because of the sweat on the palm of his hand, he couldn’t get the knob to turn. He closed his eyes and tried to will the fear from his mind. He stood there a couple of more seconds, thunder shook the house again. 
Taking a deep breath, he tried the door once again. The door knob turned easily. His eyes closed; he let out a short sigh-of-relief and opened the door. The sickle swung on the door, and after a quick look into the hall; he ran to his parent’s room. 
Bursting in, the thunder rumbled outside and just as he ran into their room, lightning flashed revealing his parent’s empty bed. Panic set in again as he caught something out of the corner of his eye. 
Standing completely still, while only turning his head, Brandon looked to his left. Something loomed in the dark shadow of the room. Lightning flashed through the windows again and to his horror; he saw his parents hanging from the ceiling. Their lifeless bodies slowly swinging from the chains wrapped around their necks.
Darkness fell over Brandon’s eyes and he passed out, dropping to the floor. 

“I don’t remember anything,” Brandon told his parents. They woke up to find their son lying on the floor, passed out. “I must have had a bad dream or something,” he said. 
Brandon’s mother didn’t hide her concern. She sat right next to her son on his bed, holding his hand. Brandon’s father stood over them, looking at his son, silently contemplating what they should do next. 
Considering everything over the last year, from the murder at the hospital, to the recent demolition of the cursed building; his father knew Brandon had gone through a tremendous ordeal. And while they were very shocked and upset with him for being in the condemned hospital that night of the murders, they were very thankful that their son was still alive. 
“Do you remember anything from your dream?” his father asked. “Did it have to do with this thing at the hospital?”
His mother gave his father an angry look. She felt that it was best if they put this behind them and concentrated on moving forward with their lives.
Brandon remembered everything from the dream, if that’s what it was, and he remembered everything from a year ago at the hospital. He never told anyone about what he saw that night on the fourth floor, and he wasn’t going to start now. To the police, and everyone involved in the investigation, he was just one of the kids that were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
He was happy that his parents were still alive, which made him think that he may have dreamed the whole thing. He thought of it for a second, but knew better. He looked up at his bedroom door. The sickle was gone. Everything about the night before pointed to it being a dream, but he knew that it was real, and The Mangler was coming for him. 
“No it wasn't about the hospital. I think I just got scared by the weather,” Brandon told his dad. “I’m okay,” he said, turning to his mom. 
Her concern still showed on her face, but she smiled at him as she leaned in to kiss his cheek. “Get some rest dear. I’ll check on you later.” 
“You sure, you’re all right?” his father asked.
Brandon nodded yes and smiled at his father. His father wasn’t so sure, but he let him be for the time being and left the room with his wife.
Brandon's parents, Daniel and Alicia, were concerned, as any parents would be if their child had gone through an experience like their son had. Brandon was fine physically, but the emotional scars left behind is what worried them the most. 
Brandon got up and walked to the door. He slowly pushed it closed and looked up where the sickle was the night before. He reached up and felt for a split in the wood. He ran his fingers back and forth over the smooth surface, finding no trace of a cut or gash. 
Somewhat relieved, he walked to the window and raised the blinds. The sun was bright, and shined through the window—much different than the previous night. He looked out into the yard. He was looking for any trace of The Mangler’s footprints in the wet mud and grass, or anything that might look like a body was dragged across the yard. Everything looked normal. 
As he backed away, his eyes focused on the window pane. He stopped when he saw something on the glass. He took a couple of steps towards the window and stopped again when he saw, very clearly, Jake’s smudged handprints still on the window. His eyes grew wide and he reached to touch the glass. To his shock, the handprints were on the inside. Small pieces fell to the floor as he touched the dried mud. Brandon pulled his shaking hand back, and quickly lowered the blind, jumped back in bed, and cowered under the covers. 
It wasn’t done with him, but he couldn’t tell anyone. He felt scared and alone.
<><><>
Over the past year, most people put the idea of the serial murders and the old hospital behind them. It was old news, as they say, but for Brandon, everything he had experienced was as if it just happened. No one knew what he had seen. No one knew that The Mangler was still out there searching and hunting for more victims, with his first victim being him. No one knew that the ghost of David Henry Coleman grabbed a new energy by killing Victor and Jake. He was planning more murders. The only ones who had any idea that there was more to the story, were his new-found friends, Kyle and Doug. 
Kyle and Doug were the ones who took him to the old hospital. They showed him how to get in, and if they didn’t believe in the ghost before that night, they did now. For some time after the night of the party, they were almost relentless, especially Doug, in asking him about what he saw. He didn’t like Doug and always denied seeing anything, and after a while, the questions slowly stopped. But with the hospital's demolition, and all the media coverage of the rumors of The Mangler being responsible, Kyle and Doug found themselves gripped again by the unanswered questions. 
As the hot summer weather began to break, and the temperatures turned cooler, he found himself riding his bike a lot more in the evening. And this is where he would run into his friends, and when the questions started again. Brandon continued to hold his ground, and never told them what he saw. He knew they didn’t believe him because they believed that The Mangler's ghost was real. Not admitting anything to them began to create friction in their friendship. That didn’t really bother him, as they weren’t life-long friends. The problem for Brandon was that they knew that he had indeed experienced something. He had seen what happened to Jake. If he thought it would help, he would just tell them everything, but that wasn’t the solution. He knew he was in it alone. 
Brandon pulled up to the Quick Stop convenience store on the corner, a couple of blocks over from his street. He liked stopping at the little store and getting some candy and soda. Digging deep into his pocket, he discovered he had a couple of dollars more than he thought, so he picked up a bag of Funyuns. As he paid for his snacks, he saw Doug pull up on his old Huffy bike. 
Great, he thought. 
Doug, recognizing Brandon’s bike, waited for him outside. 
“What’s up Doug?” Brandon said, as he walked out the store. 
“Nothing, just riding around. What are you doing?” Doug asked.
“The same, just picking up some stuff to take home.”
“You been by the old hospital lately?” asked Doug.
“No. Why?” 
“They’re building something over there. I don’t know what it is, but they plan somethin’.” Doug said, looking at Brandon, watching for a reaction. 
Brandon took the cap off of his Dr. Pepper and took a drink. He didn’t mind making Doug wait for a response. He didn’t like him, especially after everything that had happened. 
As the sweet taste of the soda washed down his throat, he put the plastic cap back on, twisting it tight before he spoke. “Maybe they’ll build another one,” he said.
“Another one what? Doug quizzed. “Another hospital? Are you kidding? Doesn’t that bother you?”
Doug had asked more questions in the last ten seconds than he parents did in an entire day. “It doesn’t bother me. Maybe it will make people forget that anything ever happened there.” Brandon shrugged, dropping the Dr. Pepper bottle into his bag. 
“You’re crazy. But you know more than you’re saying,” Doug said, looking at Brandon distrustfully. “Building something there will bring it back.” He laughed.
Brandon shrugged again and shook his head. “I don’t know.” He did his best to hide his real feelings despite Doug looking right through him. He got on his bike. 
“You’re hiding something or just crazy if this stuff about The Mangler and the hospital doesn’t bother you.” Doug looked at the expressionless Brandon and turned his bike and rode away. 
Brandon watched him ride off knowing he was right, but there was no way he could tell anyone.
He rode his bike to the store intending to pass by Jake’s old house after. He had only been by there once in the last year. Now with this last vision of Jake, he needed to see Jake’s house—maybe for old times, old memories, or maybe to find some security in Jake’s spirit—if that was even possible. He didn’t know for sure, but now that Doug told him about the land where the hospital stood; he wanted to ride by there too. 
No one lived in Jake’s old house. Brandon heard that Jake’s family cleared out his belongings after the reading of his will. Straddling his bike, he stared at the For Sale sign that slowly swung back and forth on its hooks in the wind. Grass was growing tall along the chain-link fence and he could see a few weeds popping up along the edge of the porch, where he first met Jake. That was his favorite spot to sit and watch people go by, and occasionally tell kids, at least the ones who knew him, scary stories. 
He didn’t know Jake for too long, and had only visited him at his house a couple of times, but he always felt a comfort being there. Now, the deserted house looked different and felt strange. A year had passed and he could see, from outside the gate, that some of the paint was chipping. The curtain-less windows stared back at him. Against his better judgment, he got off the bike and dropped the kickstand on to the sidewalk. 
The gate door wasn’t locked and made an awful creak when he pushed it open. No one was around, but it felt like the whole world was watching. Closing the gate behind him, he looked at the front door, and even with it being the middle of the day, he was still scared. He really didn’t know why he wanted to get a closer look, but he just felt like he needed to face it. His sense of security left him as soon as he got inside the gate.
The steps groaned under his feet as he made his way to the porch. He smiled when he saw the old, now rusted, metal rocking chair that Jake always sat in. Written across the seat of the chair, in faded and barely legible writing, were the words, gRAnDpAs ChAiR. The words, written with crayons, were obviously a tribute from Jake’s grandchildren. He couldn’t help but smile again.
Just behind the chair was a window. Brandon slowly moved in front of it, and despite the dust, could see himself in the reflection. He moved closer to clean the window and peek inside. Using his hand, he cleared a spot and pressed his face to the glass. Not knowing what to expect, his eyes looked left and right, revealing nothing more than an empty house. A house, Brandon thought to himself, once full of life—a life that was taken by The Mangler. 
Feeling braver, he jumped off the porch and made his way around the side of the house. Leaves crunched beneath his feet as he got closer to the backyard. Everything seemed so quiet around him except for those leaves, when suddenly he felt his heart stop. The neighbor’s dog, just on the other side of the wooden fence, surprised him with a deep angry growl. Brandon almost ran into the side of the house moving away from the dog. The dog continued barking until its owner whistled for it to stop, and with a final bark, the dog left its post. 
Breathing a little easier after the scare, Brandon noticed how much darker it was in the shadows between the houses. He walked to the middle of the small backyard where the sunlight was still shining. The warmth of the sun made him feel safer. This was the first time he had been in the backyard. He looked at the back wall of the house. The paint was dry and chipping more than the front of the house. 
The wood-framed house sat on blocks as many of the older homes did in that neighborhood. Brandon noticed how dark it looked beneath the house and changed his view to the backdoor. A padlock fastened to a latch, secured the door. He was too short to look into the back windows, but the door had a small window that he could look in. 
The back porch was half the size of the front. The wooden door looked newer than the rest of the house, and the window on it was too small for anyone to climb through. To his disappointment, Brandon was a couple of inches too short to look in the window, but after a quick look around the yard he saw a plastic milk crate. After placing it at the base of the door he climbed up and looked inside the house through the little window. The back room was the kitchen, stove still in place. Assorted paper and trash were on the dusty floor with a doorway to the front room on the right, and on the left a hallway to the rest of the house. His eyes left the hallway, moving back towards the door, when out of the corner of his eye he thought he saw something move in the hallway, his eyes stayed fixed in that direction. Nothing moved as he looked in. Just as he was about to climb off of the crate, he saw a shadow moving at the end of the hall.
“Hey! What are you doing there!?” A voice called out from behind. 
Brandon froze, afraid to turn around, his eyes still looking into the hallway.
“Get away from there boy!” the man said, his voice sounding familiar. 
Hesitantly, Brandon turned around to see who was at the bottom of the steps. The familiarity of the voice became clear when he saw who was standing there. 
The man looked just like Jake. Brandon, still standing on the crate and shocked by what he saw, fell back against the door. He shook his head trying to clear his vision, while he tried to figure out what was happening, the man spoke again.
“Who are you?” he asked.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The door rattled against Brandon’s back. The banging came from inside the house. Brandon felt trapped. He gave a quick look at the man, jumped off the crate and ran off the side of the small porch. He turned the corner of the house and ran to his bike, never looking back.
Jake’s brother, who Brandon did not know, was taking care of Jake’s house while it was being sold. He shook his head as he watched the scared boy run away. 
“Damn kids!”
He walked up the steps and to the door. He thought he had heard a knocking on the door too. After looking inside the house through the window and seeing nothing, he picked up the crate and tossed it off the side of the porch. 
Scared and breathing heavy, Brandon rode his bike home as fast as he could. Originally, before his visit to the backyard, he had intended to ride by the old hospital. Now, all he wanted to do was get home. He wasn’t sure about what he just saw, but he knew that Coleman wasn't done with him.
<><><>
Two days passed before Brandon decided to do anything, outside of leaving his house. He was scared, but made up his mind to fight back against his dead enemy. He hadn’t heard from Doug or Kyle during that time, which was a relief, considering how Doug always put the pressure on him, knowing he knew more than he was letting on. Kyle was Doug’s friend, but was nothing like him. As a matter of fact, Brandon liked Kyle. He could see them turning into good friends if it wasn’t for Doug’s mental bullying. Kyle was his own person, but as Brandon had come to learn, Kyle was a prisoner in Doug’s world.
Brandon rode his bike to the library. The library was next to the land where the hospital once stood. His new-found bravery willed him to find out as much information as he could, so he could defeat his nemesis. 
Before going into the library, Brandon stopped by the old hospital site. He wondered if what Doug had told him was true—that something was being built on the land. The empty piece of land looked a lot smaller than when the hospital stood there. And true to Doug’s word, most of the ground was cleared, and piles of dirt stood at various spots on the outer edges of the property. A sign, propped up by wooden stakes, stated something about the new happenings, but it faced away from where he was standing. He was sure it said: COMING SOON…
Thinking back to that night, and everything he witnessed, standing near it again made him feel uneasy. He didn’t know how to feel about something being built there, and he guessed it really didn’t matter what it was as long as it didn’t bring it back to haunt whoever worked there. One thing he did know was . . . it would find him.
Brandon pushed his bike forward and headed for the library entrance.
A storm, much like the one the night he saw Jake and The Mangler in the window, brewed outside. At first, it could be heard off in the distance coming from the north. The sounds reminded him immediately of the hospital and of Jake. 
He found out as much as he could about David Henry Coleman. Articles in magazines and newspapers reported the serial killing spree over the years and he found most of the information online. He heard that someone planned to make a movie, but he didn’t have time to wait for that. He didn’t really know what he expected to find out about Coleman, but if he could find something, anything, maybe a weak spot, he might have a chance.
One show ran on the BIO Channel and Brandon took notes. He had to watch it when his parents weren’t around, but a lot of what they covered, he had already found out in his own searching. The more he researched and learned about Coleman, the more confident he became that he might be able to stop him. Since that day at Jake’s old house, nothing strange had happened, leaving him unsure when he would appear again.
<><><>
The school day went well and Brandon felt like he was finally picking up what Mrs. McChessney was teaching in American History. He had done very well on the last two tests and hoped to raise his grade by the end of the six-week period. He liked that the school was close enough that he could ride his bike, and that his parents trusted him enough to do so. All things considered, he felt older. The house and his school were on the other side of town from the hospital and Jake’s house—something he was grateful for. He didn’t have a fear of either, but not seeing them every day helped him grow stronger against whatever The Mangler had planned next. He knew that more was to come. 
The sun was still high in the sky when he glided the last few feet up his driveway to the front porch. He didn’t notice at first, but stuck in the front door of the house was a sickle, just like the one Coleman used. The sickle, shiny and new, was about three-quarters of the way up the door. The black handle, suspended in the air, attached to the brand new blade stuck in the wooden door. 
Brandon let go of his bike without dropping the kickstand, and it fell with a rattling clunk to the ground. He stared in disbelief, mesmerized by the sight. After a few seconds, he looked around the front porch for any other things that might be left around, mainly, a set of chains. 
With apprehension, he slowly walked to the front door, his eyes never leaving the sickle. Now standing only a couple of feet from the door, he looked up at the intimidating sight. Trying to decide what to do next, he took a quick glance around the front yard. The only comfort in the moment was the sun shining brightly down on the yard and street. 
A mother pushing her baby in a stroller, another feeling of comfort, walked happily down the sidewalk, never noticing Brandon. He turned back to the door, and just as he made up his mind to grab it and pull it out of the door, he heard a thumping coming from inside the house. His hand froze, now only inches from the black handle. His eyes darted around both sides of the door, waiting for more sounds. The scene reminded him of his visit to Jake’s house. 
Is The Mangler haunting me? 
He tried to clear his head of the thought, and while scared but determined, he reached out to dislodge the tool. 
Something crashed against the front window. His body tensed. Small rocks bounced off the window to the porch floor. Brandon quickly turned to his right and saw Doug with some other boy he didn’t know, poking their heads up from behind the hedges just in front of the house. They laughed and ran away. Brandon wanted to chase after them, but thought better of it. He could hear them laughing and saying something about The Mangler coming back. 
Now, he was alone again and turned back to the sickle. Just as he reached up to grab it, a pounding from the other side of the door caused it to fall to the floor, scaring him. The sickle rattled on the floor. He stepped back, now near the steps, and grabbed the railing. Taking a deep breath, and determined to fight through his fear, he walked to the front door, eyes on the sickle. He took a quick glance over at the rocks that lay on the floor—a reminder that this was all a joke. 
Despite not knowing what pounded against the door from inside, he summoned his bravery and picked up the tool. He slowly stood with the tool in his grasp. The handle felt good in his hand, surprising him. He was no longer scared, and he almost found a smile come across his face when he jokingly thought of using it to get back at Doug. Now standing straight, he looked up at the door and could not find the hole where the sickle was lodged, an uneasiness set in. The rocks were still there, a reminder of Doug’s joke. 
The sound of a car coming up the street made Brandon hide the sickle in front of him, his back still turned to the street. Hoping it wasn’t either one of his parents, he glanced over his shoulder. The white station wagon belonged to a family a few houses up the street. 
Breathing easier, he looked up at the door again, still looking for the hole. He reached up, not finding the mark, and only felt the smooth surface of the painted door. Looking down at the sickle, he decided to hide it with some of his old bicycle parts. As he walked around the house to the backyard, he looked back at the door and wondered who or what banged against it. A breeze blew across the porch, giving him a chill. 
<><><>
Brandon’s father brought home a copy of The Baytown Star a couple of days later. The headlines read: Old St. Vincent Hospital Land Purchased. The article told of the coming business, Bay Coast Medical Center, and how long it might take to build it. The official ground-breaking would be the following week. It was all just another reminder of everything that had happened. It just wouldn’t go away. 
As far as his parents were concerned, the hospital's demolition was the best thing that could have happened. They felt that it would help him get past that tragic night. And if that night was the only time that he had experienced any of the evil, then maybe, it could be something he could put behind him. But as he knew, and no one else did, he had experienced much more than just one night. His experience over a year ago, and the things still happening now, were enough to last a lifetime. With Jake gone, there was no one to talk to about it, and surely no one who would understand, much less, take him serious. 
He thought of Jake every day and always felt a sense of guilt over Jake being murdered by Coleman. If it hadn’t been for him and all the other kids being there that night, Jake may still be alive. Jake had it under control until everyone messed it up. In the back of his mind, he knew he would see Jake again as a ghost, or in some other form, but he knew that he was pretty much on his own. 
Knowing that Coleman was just as dead as Jake, Brandon waited each day for The Mangler to strike again—this time, maybe, finishing him off for good. Although he knew more than everyone about what happened, he still felt helpless. 
Thursday after school, Brandon got home without any jokes being played on him like a few days earlier. He took a glass from the cabinet, filled it at the sink, and looked out into the backyard at his pile of old bike parts, knowing that the sickle was hidden underneath. After his third gulp of water, and with the glass still up to his lips, he stopped swallowing and stared at his little junk pile. Hanging from a hook on the side of the storage room, just above the pile, was a long rusty chain. His mind raced with questions as he lowered the half-full glass to the counter. 
Placing both hands on the counter, he leaned over, trying to get a better look. 
That chain wasn’t there yesterday. 
He found his heart racing faster, trying not to think of how it got there. Looking to find the sickle, he stared at the pile of bicycle parts, but from that distance he couldn’t make out anything in the garbled mess. Now he noticed how quiet the house was inside. Quiet and deserted. Goose bumps covered his skin, and with that realization, his mind told him to leave, but he didn’t want to take his eyes off of the chain. He wanted to go outside and see if it was real, but felt that if he took his eyes off the chain, it would disappear. 
Everything felt strange, the house, the chain hanging outside, and the feeling that he was being watched. He decided to walk out the back door and across the yard to where the chain was hanging. As he opened the back door, he was a little surprised that the chain was still there. The wind picked up as he crossed the yard, adding to the cold feeling in his body. He looked to the left and to the right as he stepped into the sunlight. Stepping slower but closer, he was only a couple of feet from it. The chain hung as if it knew it was on display for everyone to see, as if it warranted a display in a museum. It was creepy and scary for Brandon to think so deeply about a stupid chain, but he couldn’t help remembering how Coleman used one to hang Jake. 
He was also reminded of his visit to Jake’s backyard, just like this . . . in the daytime. Taking a half-hearted step closer, trying to decide whether to grab it or not, a rattling from inside the storage shed made him stop. He took a step back and heard the shed door opening on the other side. Another step back, and he was now in view of the door. The door creaked to a stop. Leaves cracked underneath him as he stepped outside the door.
His father came around the corner, much to Brandon’s relief.
“Dad?”
“Hey son, did I scare you?” his dad asked.
“No,” he said, trying to sound brave. “Why are you home so early Dad?”
“My truck broke down this morning, so I got off early to get some things in case I need to tow it home,” his dad told him, as he set a small tool box down near the chain. “I borrowed this chain from Mr. Herring, next door.” His dad reached over and lifted it off of the hook and hung it over his shoulder. 
Brandon almost laughed out loud at his overreaction, and for letting his imagination get the best of him. 
His dad looked at him. “Everything okay, son?”
He looked up at his dad and smiled. “I’m okay. I better go do my homework,” he said, looking to get away from the awkward moment.
His dad looked at him, still not convinced.
“I’ll be inside,” Brandon said.
“I’m getting a ride to my truck. Will you be okay here alone?”
The word, alone, made Brandon stop and think. Normally, he was never afraid or worried about staying alone in the house, but this time, with his imagination running wild, he didn’t care to go back in the house by himself. Not wanting his dad to suspect he was afraid, he said, “I’ll be okay Dad.”
“Okay. Make sure to lock the doors until your mother gets home.” 
The chains rattled as he walked away. Brandon watched his dad disappear around the corner of the house, moving to the front. He quickly walked to the back door and inside, locking it behind him. He walked a few steps to the front room and opened the blinds and could see his dad throwing the chain into the back of his friend’s truck. 
The truck drove away, and suddenly the house felt darker. 


4
WASHING DISHES
The day of the groundbreaking at the new hospital was one day away. Brandon hadn’t given it much thought in the days before, but now with it just one day away, and with the newspaper running a big article about the hospital, it was hard not to get caught up in the past—the past that only he knew of.
The night before the ceremony, Brandon was watching TV later than usual. He dozed off a couple of times and the short naps made him hungry. He walked to the kitchen and opened the fridge door. There was one piece left of his mom’s homemade apple pie. He smiled as he pulled it out and set it on the table. He didn’t want to eat the last piece so he got a knife and fork and as he started to cut it in half, he heard footsteps coming from down the hall. He looked in that direction and saw his mother walking towards him, smiling. He blushed, feeling he was caught in the act. 
Her smile turned to a look of shock and horror as she called out to him. “Brandon, what are you doing?!” She wasn’t looking at his face, only at the table below. She ran to him.
Brandon’s smile turned grim, not understanding what she was doing. He looked down at the table, to the pie and knife. To his own horror, there was no piece of pie, only his hand. His hands shook as he saw that the knife had sliced into his hand. Blood flowed from the cut onto the table. He let go of the handle as his mother rushed over to him, throwing the knife to the floor. 
He looked up at her, not understanding what just happened, as she began to cry.
“No, Brandon, no,” she cried. “This isn’t the answer baby.” She held him close, her hand tight over his bleeding cut. 
Brandon was in shock, hoping to wake from a dream. 
“Daniel!. Get in here!” she yelled. “It’ll be okay. It’ll be okay.” 
Brandon’s dad ran down the hall to them. Brandon looked up at his dad running towards him. Just before Brandon passed out in shock, and with his vision blurring, his dad’s face was that of a smiling David Henry Coleman. 

The investigation into what happened required extra time, so Brandon was kept in the hospital for the night and most of the next day. 
The cut took eight stitches, but would heal, and Brandon felt fine. The bigger problem was evaluating his mental state, and determining if he was a suicide risk.
His parents reported it as an accident, but were inwardly concerned, and because of Brandon’s past in dealing with the murders, doctors were skeptical and wanted to keep a close eye on him. 
The groundbreaking for the new business came and went. Brandon was still in the hospital, and missing it was fine by him, but being under observation was almost too much to take. He often tried to eaves-drop on the doctor’s conversations to get some idea of what they were thinking. But by the end of the next day, they released him to his parent’s care, which seemed dumb to him since he lived with them anyway.
His parents smiled at him, even if he could see the worry on their faces. He was as worried as them, but glad to be going home. He didn’t really remember what happened with him cutting his hand with the knife. That was a blur. But he did know that Coleman was tormenting him, and again, he found himself feeling alone, with no one to turn to. 
In the week after being released from the hospital, Brandon's parents, as any would have, kept a real close eye on him. And during that week, Brandon thought a lot about Jake and his warnings. Some days his thinking was very clear, but on other days he felt tormented by the 'dead' serial-killer. The one thing that haunted him most—after he cut his hand and he looked down the hall to see his father running towards him—was seeing Coleman's face instead of his father's. He felt weak and vulnerable when his thoughts went into this dark area of his mind. He felt he was being drawn in, and wasn't sure how to stop it.
<><><>
Over time, Brandon's parents felt comfortable enough to let him go out on his bike and do most of the things that he had always been able to do, except that his time allowed away was cut in half. They were doing what any set of concerned parents would do, being cautious. 
One day while out on his bike he felt drawn to the ground where the old hospital once stood—a place where his parents forbid him to go. He pulled to a stop across the street. A bulldozer was rolling across the dirt, smoothing and spreading it. To the far corner, part of a building was constructed and in place. Looking over the land and the ongoing construction, it was hard for him to imagine the hospital ever being there. He knew better, but in the back of his mind he thought he might find The Mangler among the crowd of workers, staring at him. The thought gave him a chill.
He peddled down the sidewalk, his curiosity satisfied for the moment. As he turned up Memorial Drive, he thought back to the day that Doug had stuck the sickle in his front door. That still made him angry. Angry enough that he wanted to get back at him. That time would come sooner than he thought.
That Friday night, Brandon's parents planned on going out to have a pre-anniversary dinner. The only thing was, they wouldn't let him stay at home alone like they had in the past. He was upset at them for treating him like a child and not trusting him. But at the same time, he didn't want to ruin their night out. His babysitter for the night was their neighbor, and mother's good friend, Susan Davis. Brandon always liked her because she always made him his favorite, homemade peanut butter cookies. 
They preferred for him to stay over at her house, and although he didn't argue with them about the babysitting, he protested not being able to stay at home. They compromised, and asked Susan, if she didn't mind staying at their house. She agreed with no problem, and as usual, brought a plate full of homemade cookies. 
“Thank you again for doing this Susan,” his mother told her. A concerned look showed on his mother's face.
“Everything will be fine Alicia. You two go and enjoy your night,” Susan reassured her, patting her friend's shoulder. 
Brandon's mother nodded and leaned down to kiss his forehead. “Be good for Mrs. Davis,” she told him. “Be sure to call me if you need anything,” she told them both.
The sound of the car's horn from the driveway broke the short silence.
“Well, I better go.” 
“Have fun,” Susan said, closing and locking the door behind her. 
Susan turned to Brandon. “I know you want to do your own thing here at home and I don't blame you. I made those cookies for you so feel free to have as many as you like, without getting sick of course.” She smiled at him.
Brandon had always liked her. He smiled back at her. “Thank you Mrs. Davis.”
“I'll be here in the living room watching TV if you need anything,” she told him. 
Mrs. Davis was in her late forties, young by most standards, but to most kids Brandon's age, she was old. 
Brandon went to the kitchen and peeled back the shrink-wrap and immediately stuffed one of the warm, fresh-baked cookies in his mouth. 
Heaven.
He continued chewing as he pulled a glass from the cabinet and poured himself a glass of milk. He grabbed a paper towel, wrapping two more cookies in it, and headed to his room.
Mrs. Davis exchanged smiles with him as he walked by. 
The Friday night felt like any other night as he finished off his last cookie while playing his PS3. He was killed for the twentieth time on his game and hit the pause button. He stood and stretched and walked over to the window. He could hear the TV from down the hall in the living room. The breeze had picked up outside with the tops of trees, visible in the glow of the streetlights, slowly swaying back and forth. Looking into the darkness outside, he had to admit,  he was glad that Mrs. Davis was there with him. 
An hour had passed since he came to his room. He looked down at the healing scar on his hand—a reminder of something he wanted to forget about. He understood in some ways why his parents were acting so protective towards him. He truly could not remember cutting his hand, and anything that happened in between then and when he woke up in the hospital, except for the clouded vision of Coleman running towards him. Other than that, he felt fine, and although he knew that The Mangler's ghost was still out there, he wasn't afraid of facing him if it came down to it. If anything, he felt that he owed it to Jake. 
The sound of laughter coming from the TV broke him from his thoughts. Looking down at his screen on his TV, he read the words after his last defeat on his video game, You're Dead ... Game Over! He needed a break and decided to grab another cookie from the kitchen. The end of the hall opened up to the living room where he expected to find Mrs. Davis sitting on the couch watching TV. She was not there, but her reading glasses were sitting on top of a paperback book she was reading. The volume on the TV was louder than usual, but he paid it no mind and walked to the kitchen. Entering, he heard water running. She was standing at the sink with her back to him, washing dishes. 
“Mrs. Davis? Is it okay if I get another cookie?” he asked.
She did not respond, and the top of her body slumped over the sink, her arms dangled to her side. Brandon's hand froze as he reached for a cookie. He stared at her. Something was wrong. 
“Mrs. Davis?”
Her knees buckled and her face plunged into the water-filled sink, arms still dangling. 
Brandon took a step back and looked around the kitchen. Nothing else seemed out-of-place. Not knowing if he was dreaming or delusional, he stepped towards Mrs. Davis. Her head began bobbing up and down in the soapy water in the sink. Soap suds and water splashed over the edge, hitting the floor. 
Brandon stopped and watched in disbelief as the white soapy water began turning pink, and in seconds, a darker red—the unmistakable color of blood. 
Her head rose higher and splashed down violently into the blood-filled water. Her arms still dangled and her legs, slightly bent at the knees, were limp—her body being held up by some unseen force. 
Brandon's unbelieving eyes grew wider as he saw a tall, dark figure appear behind her. It held her by a chain, tightly wrapped around her neck, and continued to slam her face down as blood spilled over the sink's edge and ran down the counter to the floor. The all-to-familiar feeling of shock and helplessness held Brandon in place. He knew who this murderer was.
The Mangler, dressed in black, looked over his shoulder, staring back at Brandon. His evil grin was followed by laughter. He lifted her with the chain, her feet slightly leaving the floor. He spun her body around and Brandon immediately saw the source of the blood. Her eyes were gone, and blood poured from the dark holes and down her cheeks. 
Brandon finally snapped out of it and turned to run. He ran through the kitchen doorway to the living room, desperately seeking safety outside the front door. He tried to open the door.
Locked!
He turned the deadbolt and unlocked the door, never looking back. He opened the door to escape.
The Mangler, holding his chain, waited for him just outside the door. 
Brandon screamed.


5
A DARK ALLEY
The murder of Susan Davis, two weeks prior, was still unsolved. The trail left behind by the murderer had all the calling cards of The Mangler. The chain, the sickle and the style of murder. The police could not deny the almost perfect similarities, but they knew that Coleman had been dead for years and assumed that, like the murders at the hospital a little over a year earlier, this was the work of a copycat-killer. While they considered everyone a suspect, their general suspicion was that the same killer from the hospital abducted Brandon. With the time that had passed, privately, the authorities believed that Brandon had possibly been murdered, and either buried or disposed of. 
But for Brandon's parents, his sudden disappearance, left them grieving and worried with uncertainty. And like it or not, their son, even at his age, was once again involved in the authorities search for the murderer. They knew that their son did not murder their neighbor. Their only focus was to find him and get him home safe. They made every attempt through media, newspapers, and word-of-mouth to get the word out about their missing son. They pleaded on the news for the killer to return their young son. But in the time since he disappeared, there were no clues or tips in solving the mystery. 
The town was once again on edge with the possibility that another serial killer was roaming their streets. Halloween was only a couple of days away and it was almost a certainty that most parents would keep their little ones at home. Law enforcement discouraged trick-or-treating. Even teenagers seemed reluctant to embrace the dark holiday, with very few parties planned. The town was afraid and most people took care of their errands by the light of day. It just felt safer that way. 

Police patrols were more visible than normal Halloween night. And despite the overall sense of fear, surprisingly, there were quite a few trick-or-treaters out—mostly older kids and teenagers. A party was even planned at the community building, but was moved to the house of a high school senior for safety. A patrol car cruised the neighborhood as a precaution. 
Doug had talked Kyle into sneaking out with him to crash the senior party, but at the last second, Kyle changed his mind. His parents had a tight leash on him since Brandon disappeared. Doug called him a wimp and turned his attention to his new friend. Cliff was with him when they pulled the prank on Brandon, putting the sickle in the door. Doug influenced Cliff easily, partly because he was just like him—unafraid and mean-spirited. 
They both sneaked out of their houses and made their way to the party. Luckily for them, the party was only two blocks away. 
Even with Cliff being so much like Doug, he was still a little worried about all the rumors of a killer. He was trying to make a friend in Doug, so he never let on about his fear. 
“How far away is the party?” he asked Doug.
“It's just up the road and around the corner. Not too far. Why? Are you scared?” he asked laughing. 
“No. I just don't want my parents to catch me.”
“Don't worry, we won't stay long if it's a lame party, or if they act like assholes,” Doug told him. “Hear it?”
“Hear what?”
“The music.” 
In the not-to-far distance, the sound of rock music could be heard. 
“Sounds like it's already going good.” Doug smiled and slapped Cliff on the shoulder.
The party was just up the end of the block and around the corner. Doug stopped.
“Let's cut through here. We can get there quicker this way,” suggested Doug.
Cliff looked down the dark alley. The only light was an old street light hanging about halfway down the path. Overgrown bushes and tree limbs from the backyards of houses reached over the fences, giving the alley a creepy look. It was a shorter route, but Cliff did not like the idea of going that way. 
Doug started up the alley and stopped and turned around, when Cliff didn't follow.
“Don't tell me you're gonna wimp out too?”
Scared, but not wanting to show it, Cliff slowly walked towards Doug. 
“It won't take long. I can hold your hand if you want?” he told Cliff, offering his hand, laughing. 
Cliff slapped his hand away and smiled, feeling braver now. 
They walked up the alley midway, nearing the light. The light made them feel safer, and the sound of a dog barking, which normally would have been irritating, gave Cliff a sense of security. They emerged from the shadows into the lighted area below the old street lamp. The light covered only a small portion of the alley, and after a brief pause, they continued on. 
From the darkness on the other end of the alley, they heard leaves crunching—someone was walking towards them. They stopped, not saying a word, and noticed that the dog had stopped barking. Everything was eerily quiet, except for the footsteps coming their way. They waited, but no one emerged. They looked at each other, no longer able to hide the fear on their faces.
Doug turned and spoke. “Who's there?”, his voice cracking a bit.
No answer.
“It's some kind of Halloween joke,” he told Cliff. 
The sounds of chains rattling from the dark put the fear back in them. As hard as they tried to see into the darkness, they could not see who or what was there. A piece of chain flew from the blackness and crashed loudly on the dirt road. 
Cliff didn't wait to see who was responsible, and turned and ran back the way they had come from. Doug turned quickly to watch him run to the dark on the other side of the light, then turned to look at the chain lying in the alley. He wanted to be brave and call out the pranksters, but he was scared and had a feeling that this was not a joke. 
From behind him, down the alley, Cliff screamed. Doug was almost in tears, doing his best to not show his fear to the unknown thing in the dark. He turned and saw Cliff. He appeared to be floating towards him. His body stopped just outside the darkness, suspended and wrapped in chains. The chains were wrapped around his chest and neck, and covered his mouth. Something dark was holding Cliff, his eyes wide with fear.
Doug had no idea what to do. There was nowhere to run or hide. He looked at Cliff hanging helpless. Now the sound of the chains rattling behind him made him turn once again. 
There stood Brandon, hanging the chain over his shoulders. A sudden feeling of comfort came over Doug, seeing his schoolmate, but he did not approach him. There was something about Brandon that told him to stay back. He looked different, not the usual happy, gullible kid he used to pick on. No . . . Brandon's eyes looked angry and menacing, even in the dimly lit alley. 
“Brandon? Is that you? What's going on?” Doug asked. He took the smallest of steps in Brandon's direction. He could still hear Cliff struggling with whatever was holding him.
“Remember me?” Brandon asked. The voice sounding nothing like his. “I'm back.”
“What do you mean? You know me, it's Doug.”
Brandon walked towards him, a sickle in his right hand. “Yes, you remember me well. You saw me at the hospital.”
Doug was confused. It was Brandon, but it wasn't Brandon talking to him. The voice was deeper and darker. “Brandon, it's me.” Doug looked over his shoulder. Cliff, eyes still wide, was shaking his head, desperately saying no.
Brandon was now only a few steps away from Doug. He was dressed in black, head looking down. Doug's eyes were focused on Brandon's right hand, and the sickle tightly wrapped in it. 
“Anyone who sees The Mangler must die,” Brandon told him. “You must die.” He raised his head and his eyes met Doug's. Brandon's eyes were black as coal, staring blankly at him. 
Doug stepped back. “I... I... didn't see anything.”
Brandon smiled and raised the sickle above him. Doug took another step back and bumped into a body and a dangling chain, causing him to gasp. Not wanting to take his eyes off Brandon, he had no choice but to look up. Above him was Cliff's dead, limp body, his head looking straight down at him—eyes still wide, but now in a dead stare. The chain had been pulled so tightly that it crushed his neck, rendering it less than half its size. Blood dripped from his mouth.
Suddenly, Cliff’s body was thrown to the side, The Mangler, eyes full of pure evil and death, stared down at him. 
“Wait. You're dead, you're supposed to be dead,” Doug mumbled. He dropped to his knees and he lost control of his body. Urine began to flow in his pants and down his legs. His body convulsed with fear.
Brandon looked and admired the way Coleman took control and put the fear in anyone who saw him. His mentoring was paying off now. 
“Kill him!” Coleman shouted. “Kill him. He has seen me, and anyone who sees me must die!”
Brandon looked at Doug, still shaking, and raised the sickle again. 
Coleman smiled.
Doug looked up at Brandon. It was no longer him. The black eyes and blank stare displayed no hope for Doug. “Please. Please don't do this,” he cried. Tears filled his eyes, and just then he saw a difference in Brandon's eyes. The black in his eyes flickered and suddenly didn't seem as evil—a glimmer of hope. 
Brandon's hand dropped. His grip on the sickle loosened. 
“Kill the little maggot!” Coleman screamed. He lifted Doug by the collar and thrust him forward, in perfect position for the execution. 
Brandon shook his head, and tears formed in his eyes. Coleman's influence was losing its grip on him. His mentoring, his power over the last two weeks, slowly fading.
“Do it or you will die too,” Coleman said calmly.
Brandon looked up past Doug, and into the eyes of his supernatural mentor. His eyes were hypnotizing to Brandon. Coleman's influence grew strong again. 
“Kill the punk,” Coleman commanded.
Brandon's eyes returned to the black, blank look. Doug shook his head now, slobber ran down his jaw. Coleman set him down for the execution. 
Brandon raised the sickle high in his hand. 
Doug closed his eyes. 
Coleman smiled again.
Brandon yelled, and charged forward. Just as he brought the sickle down, he pushed Doug to the side. The sickle came forward; its point fixed perfectly into Coleman's chest.
“NOOOOOO!” Coleman screamed. 
The blade was not stopped by flesh, nor did it impale his body. Now, no longer Coleman, The Mangler's body faded and disappeared as Brandon swung forward. There was a quick burst of light and he was gone.
Brandon fell forward not expecting to swing the blade into a lifeless, disappearing figure. He tripped over Doug and fell on to the alley's dirt road; the sickle falling from his hand. The chains rattled around him.
Doug looked up from his crouched position, not believing what just happened. Not believing that he was still alive. He rose and watched Brandon as he pulled the chains off of him and slung them on the ground. He turned to face Doug. 
Doug slowly crawled away from him. He could see that Brandon's eyes were no longer black. They looked normal, but he was still afraid of Brandon. 
Brandon tried to shake out of his confused state. His mind trying to take in everything that had happened over the last two weeks—him being taken by Coleman into some supernatural world. He was trying to remember how he got him to almost kill Doug.  
The one thing he could not forget was The Mangler's rule—'Anyone who sees me, must die.' He didn't understand any of it, and now had helped to kill another kid. 
He looked over at Cliff's body and shook his head in regret. 
Doug stood and looked at the twisted, dead body of his friend wrapped in chains. He was confused, shocked, and scared, almost as much as Brandon. He didn't know what to do. 
Brandon, his head beginning to clear, picked up the sickle and turned towards Doug. He reached down to lift the chains.
“No. Please don't do it. I won't say anything.” Doug said, wanting to run, but afraid to leave the lighted area and escape into the darkness—a place where The Mangler might be. 
The chains rattled as Brandon put them over his shoulder. His confused emotions running wild, he was enjoying the fear he saw in Doug's eyes. He had always wanted to get him back, scare him, maybe even make him pee his pants, but he didn't want to kill him. 
“I'm really messed up,” he whispered to himself. 
“What?” Doug asked softly, still considering running away.
“I said, get out of here.” Brandon raised the sickle. “Get out of here!” 
Doug nodded and ran down the dark alley in the other direction. 
The dog began to bark again. Faintly, in the distance, he could hear the music and laughter from the party. He felt that he was safe again, for the moment, safe from The Mangler. But, the dead body of the boy lying in the alley was real. He knelt by his side and passed out.
Doug ran to the party and got help. He was afraid and didn't want to be alone. He finally convinced the kids at the party to go to the alley. His panicked and frightened look, at first, drew laughter from the teenagers. It was only when Doug began to cry, did they take him seriously. 
When the twenty party-goers, all dressed in different costumes, from some of horror's favorites to Batman, including one in a mock-up of The Mangler, made it down the alley, the only one there was Brandon, still passed out. There was no blood, no sickle, and no chains. And, there was no Cliff. Doug looked around in disbelief, desperately searching for some sign of the murder, and of The Mangler.
Jason, Frankenstein, and Michael Myers knelt down to help Brandon and called 911. The others looked around the alley from side to side, and down to the other end. They didn't find anything other than garbage and trash. They turned to Doug for answers, but he had none. He was more afraid now. He couldn't say it, but he knew that The Mangler was still out there. 


6
OLD FRIENDS
Almost a year had passed since Brandon was found in the alley Halloween night. Eventually he was returned to his parents, but during that time many questions were left unanswered. The investigation and search for Cliff Elkins turned up nothing, but continued despite Doug's claims of seeing him murdered that night. With no one to back up his story, investigators and family members kept the door open that he would be found. But after a year, the search was only maintained at a high level by family members. 
Through the year, Doug never wavered in his account of what happened. He told anyone who would listen of how Brandon was going to kill him and that he too saw Cliff being murdered. Brandon was questioned in every way possible, from every angle possible, about his whereabouts during the two weeks he was missing, and about the night in the alley. He claimed only to remember being taken by a man who never showed his face. He didn't remember anything else about those two weeks or about that night in the alley. With no evidence, and nothing else to go on, doctors and authorities released Brandon to his parents and put him under a schedule of mental evaluation and therapy. 
Doug felt alone and betrayed during this time with no one believing him, and grew worse mentally, slowly pulling away from his parents and the world around him. He began having nightmares of that night, and his vision of The Mangler returning to kill him. After six months of visits to a psychologist, he wasn't getting better. He was becoming more frightened. He knew he was not crazy, and felt everything he had, and was experiencing, was very real. He was regressing because no one believed him. 
He and Brandon were not allowed to correspond unless it was in a controlled, monitored setting. This never worked, as Brandon continually told Doug that he didn't remember anything. Frustrated by the same story, Doug refused to go to the sessions. Instead, he tried to talk with Brandon in other ways, but it never worked out. He didn't trust Brandon, but he knew that Brandon was the only other one who knew the truth.
While Brandon's mental health seemed to improve, Doug was getting worse. His nightmares of The Mangler coming to get him scared him and drove him to a more reclusive and dangerous state of mind. 
<><><>
The brand new, five-story, medical complex was a very high-tech looking building with blue-tinted, mirrored glass. It was smaller than the original hospital that stood there for over sixty years. This new business model brought three different levels of care all rolled into one. The first floor was administration, with floors two and three used as a ultra-modern assisted living area. The fourth floor was used as a hospice, and the newly opened fifth floor was a mental health facility, with the claim of 'The Newest in Technology and Healthcare'. 
A smaller building accompanied the main one and was used as a registration hub for the three different services offered at the new facility. The complex looked nothing like the old hospital, and most people around town were excited about the new jobs created by this new business.
<><><>
Eleven months passed with no murders and no serial killer found. Life was just about back to normal. Cliff had been missing so long that his family were the only ones who had not given up hope, but Doug knew the truth. He knew that there was no need to search for the missing boy. No one believed him, but he knew that Brandon knew the truth, and knew much more than he was letting on. He was acting innocent and Doug hated him for it. The Mangler was tormenting him, and Brandon was the only one who could help him. 
Having given up on trying to get his parents or the doctors to believe him, Doug decided to wait for the right time to confront Brandon. Doug knew there was nothing wrong with him. But feeling separated and alone from the rest of the world drove him further into being reclusive and non-responsive to most of his parent's and doctor's questions. He knew his parents were planning to get him more help, which meant new questions by new doctors. 
His plan was to confront Brandon and try to shake him up, maybe get him to admit something, anything about that night, or even better, something about The Mangler. He knew that he could catch him before he got home from school. 
October was nearing, and the cooler temperatures gave the town a more festive vibe. Things were beginning to return to normal and even the new medical center had the entrances decorated for Halloween. 
Doug no longer went to the same school and skipped the day so he could surprise Brandon between school and home. His anger, since he decided to force Brandon to tell the truth, was building all week. He knew that Brandon was fooling everyone, but he wanted to know if The Mangler still had hold of him, or mentoring him, teaching him how to kill. Doug felt that they were waiting for Halloween night to start again. He felt that he was going to be their next victim. The words, 'Anyone who sees me must die!', rang in his head for the past year. He was scared, but not so afraid that it would stop him from trying to find out the truth. 
<><><>
Doug waited down the street from Brandon's house. The sun was high and bright in the sky and he stood under a tree near some bushes. He knew Brandon's route home—to cross the street and head up the sidewalk—a block down from his house. 
The paint shined off the rounded top of the yellow and black bus as it turned the corner up the block. Doug moved from his position and walked quickly to a nicely trimmed set of bushes along the sidewalk. The well-kept bushes stood at least six feet tall. He had plenty of room to hide and wait for Brandon. 
The air brakes of the bus locked into place and dust blew out in all directions from underneath. 
Doug peered through the thin branches and small leaves as four or five kids exited the bus. Brandon made his way down the steps carrying a backpack strapped over his shoulder. He was on a phone call as he crossed the street. The call ended, and just as Doug had guessed, Brandon walked his way. Doug got in position, his heart began to race faster; he wiped the sweat from his face. 
As Brandon got within few feet, Doug jumped from his hiding spot and finally stood in front of his ex-friend. 
Brandon stopped, and his surprised look brought a smile to Doug's face.
“I finally get to talk to the guy who ruined my life,” Doug told him.
Brandon remained silent, only looking at the obviously agitated boy in front of him.
“I've been waiting for a long time to get to talk to you.” Doug stepped closer. Brandon didn't move, holding his ground. “Do you know everyone thinks I'm crazy? The people at school, the doctors, and my parents, they all do. They think I'm making this all up,” he told him, now standing only a couple of feet away. 
Brandon looked around and finally spoke. “They thought I was crazy at first, too,” Brandon told him, trying to show that they were going through something in common. He could see the angry look in Doug's eyes. “My memory started coming back and things got better.”
“Your memory hasn't remembered the truth. Why don't you tell the truth?” Doug asked, his voice more agitated. “Why did you lie to the police?”
These were questions that, early after it happened, Doug did get to ask Brandon before they went their separate ways for mental rehab. Brandon as he did then, and did now, claimed to not remember anything. 
“I didn't lie. I was kidnapped and don't remember anything about the time I was gone.”
“That's a lie!” Doug said loudly.
“It's the truth.” Brandon no longer felt intimidated by Doug as he did in the past. He stood his ground. And while he was only partly lying. He was telling the truth about not remembering a lot of it, most of it was a blur. The one thing that he would never tell, and had fooled everyone about, was him being mentored by Coleman. He did remember that. He didn't understand or know how he was able to enter the supernatural world and be brainwashed. The one thing he did remember was Coleman telling him he would spare his life if he took his place in the real world and continued his legacy. He also remembered being scared, but, once he accepted the killer's demented request, the fear left him, with everything else becoming nothing but a blur. He knew that he would show up and tell him when it was time to kill next. Part of the reason that he was able to mentally recover faster than Doug was that he had not been contacted, visited, or had any visions of the Coleman in the past year. 
“No it's not. You're a liar. You have everybody fooled, but I know better,” Doug said, very close to yelling now. 
An older woman across the street, hearing Doug's outburst, stopped raking her leaves and looked over at the boys. 
Brandon shook his head, disagreeing. 
“I know all about The Mangler killing anyone who sees him. Me and you are the only ones who believe it. He has stalked me since last year.” Doug's anger and frustration for answers, turned his face bright red. 
Little did Doug know that Brandon was trying to protect him. He didn't know why, but for some reason, The Mangler had not killed Doug. 
“I'm trying to forget about everything that happened at the hospital. I need to go,” Brandon said, trying to walk around Doug. 
Doug moved in front of him, fists balled at his side. Brandon could see the tension in his face. 
“I need you to tell everyone the truth and quit making them think I'm crazy. I know what I saw,” Doug said.
“I have to go,” Brandon said, once again trying to get past Doug. 
Doug pushed him. The blow rocked Brandon's chest and moved him back a couple of steps. He turned to run in the opposite direction, but Doug was too fast and attacked him from the back, grabbing him by the shoulders and dragging him down.
“Hey! You boys stop!” yelled the woman from across the street. 
Doug was bigger than Brandon and easily overpowered him. He hit Brandon in the back with his fists, paying no mind to the woman who had dropped the rake and was now at the curb, getting ready to cross the street. 
“You're gonna tell them the truth!” Doug yelled. He turned Brandon over and used his weight to hold him down. 
Brandon was almost out of breath, but raised his arms trying to throw him off. 
Doug's tightly clenched fists pounded down on Brandon's chest and then on his face, his eyes crazed. 
“Stop! I said!” The woman was almost to them. 
Brandon blocked most of Doug's punches, but one finally slipped through, solidly landing on his nose. As his fist connected, blood exploded. The dark red liquid flowed immediately over Brandon's face. Doug paused for a brief moment, as if surprised by his work. Seeing the blood flow gave Doug another adrenaline rush, and he raised his fist high above him. Brandon threw his arms to the side. 
“Come on! Hit me again,” inviting Doug to do more damage. “You can't hurt me,” Brandon said, laughing through blood-filled gums and teeth. 
Doug paused, shocked that Brandon wasn't afraid of him. He was breathing heavy as he brought his fist down. 
The end of the metal rake crashed against the side of Doug's face, forcing him to draw in his fist and fall to his left. 
“Leave him alone!” she shouted. “Quit hurting that boy.”
The blow stunned Doug as he looked up at the woman. She prodded at him, forcing him off Brandon. 
“Go on. Get out of here,” she told him, holding the rake like a spear. “Are you okay?” she asked Brandon.
Brandon laughed louder, still lying on his back, blood running down the sides of his face. 
Doug wanted one more shot at him. He wanted to hurt him real bad. He grabbed the end of the rake and pushed it, forcing the woman back. She lost her balance and fell backward into the street. Her head slammed on the asphalt with a sickening thud. 
A car honked and swerved, barely missing her. The one behind it didn't have time to swerve and the driver slammed his brakes. The tires screeched to a stop only a couple of feet from her. 
The boys' attention was momentarily taken by the woman's close call. Brandon was the first to refocus and quickly turned and grabbed Doug, pulling him to the ground. And just as fast, he rose and straddled Doug before he had time to get up, pinning him with his knees. 
Brandon reached to his back pocket and pulled out a small knife that he carried for protection. He smiled as he took his time unfolding the blade. He didn't want to kill Doug, but now he wanted to hurt him bad. 
Doug's heart raced, his breathing labored with the weight of Brandon on his chest. His bravery, all but taken now. 
Brandon raised his hand above him, knife gripped tightly within it. 
“Hey!” the man from the car yelled.
As if Coleman was guiding his hand, Brandon brought the small knife down and the two-inch blade sunk into Doug's upper chest, near his shoulder. Doug cried out in pain as Brandon pulled the blade out and raised it above him again.
The man had a running start and dove at Brandon, hitting him in his side, the momentum carrying them both over Doug and to the ground. The knife fell from Brandon's grip and the man got to his knees and held Brandon on the ground. 
Three other people either walked up or stopped their cars to help. A young woman dressed in hospital scrubs knelt over the woman in the street. A small amount of blood was beginning to form under her head on the asphalt surface. Another man came to Doug's aid, while the other helped subdue Brandon. 
A police car arrived first, quickly followed an ambulance and fire truck. 
The knife wound to Doug's chest was not deep enough to do any major damage. The doctor told Doug's parents that the wound in his chest was in the best possible place. Doug would be okay.
The older woman wasn't as lucky. Despite barely missing being run over by a car, her head slamming into the road knocked her unconscious and gave her a very severe concussion. She was being kept in a coma with hopes that the swelling in her brain would go down enough to take the next step in her recovery. 
Police took Brandon into custody and charged him with aggravated assault. He was held in a juvenile detention center. 


7
REUNION
Brandon was in a daze again, a common feeling for him over the last couple of weeks. His head hung low, chin to his chest, as the medication took its effect. He was being pushed down the hall for yet another round of mental observation, or diagnosis. Arms and legs strapped to the wheelchair, the ride seemed to take forever. Although the medicine was injected into his body as a mild sedation, and while it did leave his body feeling heavy and lifeless, it didn't affect his thinking. His mind was clear and always knew what was happening around him. 
After three weeks in the detention center, things had not changed for Brandon. His mental state had deteriorated to the point that he was going to be transferred to a mental hospital for a more thorough diagnosis. 
<><><>
The killings started again each week in October. 
Gary Holloway was murdered, in his bed, while he slept. His throat was slit, and his chest impaled by a sickle. Police could not find a motive. 
The shocking double-murder of Mark and Jean Ellis followed the next week. They were found by a family member, murdered in their barn, hung by chains from the rafters, their faces, barely recognizable, carved and sliced—one of The Mangler's trademarks. Mark and Jean had escaped Coleman's murder attempt years earlier.
Anyone who sees me must die. 
Their murders had some citizens questioning the impossible—could it be the ghost of The Mangler? Authorities were asked by reporters about the Ellis family's connection to Coleman, and the murder attempt years before. Their answer was always, 'no comment'. 
Law enforcement, from local police to the FBI, knew they had a serious copycat on their hands. The public found themselves questioning all logic, and some started to believe that The Mangler was responsible. 
Most alarming, was the death of thirteen-year-old, Doug Sellers, one week later. While recovering at home from the stab wound, he was found in his room in a sitting position with his back wedged in the corner. Doug was not hung, nor was his throat slit. The coroner's early opinion was that he died of a heart attack, and unless he had a history of heart problems, his unofficial opinion was that Doug was, for lack of a better term . . . scared-to-death.
When his mother found him, his open eyes were filled with terror, and gazed upwards, as if still staring at something. His body was stiff, locked into the sitting position, as if rigor mortis had set in, although he had only been dead for a couple of hours. 
The police knew that they had a very serious problem, and once again, they had the makings of a copycat killer on their hands. Not one of the law enforcement officers believed that this was the work of Coleman, or the ghost of The Mangler. They didn't deal in the supernatural. The facts were that he died years ago. But around town, people were scared, and the myth of the famous serial killer was back and again haunting the town. No one felt safe, and an after-dark curfew was finally issued for anyone under eighteen.
Brandon was not allowed access to the outside world, and was never told of the killings, especially Doug's death. He was not in the proper mental state to take in negative information like that. His parents did their best to help him pull out of his withdrawn state, but nothing seemed to work, and because he was not making progress, the court decided, based on medical advice, to admit him to a secure mental hospital, better equipped for his condition.
The truth was that Brandon was trying to reconnect with Coleman since stabbing Doug and tasting blood for the first time. It was Coleman who mentored and took care of him, and that's how he saw him, not as a monster, but as a man. But since that night in the alley, Coleman had not appeared in his dreams, nor within the strange supernatural world like he did before. 
He knew what was going on around him. He wasn't responding to his parents or the doctors for fear that Coleman would not approve. 
His improvements over the past year began to turn dark just before he stabbed Doug, and within his rage in the fight, he proved to Coleman that he was capable of doing his work. He was now sorry that he had tried to attack his mentor last Halloween, and while he didn't know about the recent murders, he felt that something was building again with the killer. He had to keep a guarded distance from the doctors to get closer to his mentor. 
<><><>
Halloween...
Based on Brandon's degrading mental condition, doctors decided to admit him to the newly opened Bay Coast Mental Health Clinic, located within the new medical complex. Brandon was not told that he was being moved to the same location of the old hospital. His parents and doctor felt that there was no need to tell him just yet.
Before they transported him, Brandon was slightly sedated, just enough to make him drowsy. The effects would wear off by the time they got him situated in the new hospital. 
The transport van arrived at the back entrance where Brandon's parents were waiting with his doctor. After a kiss from his mother and a hug by his father, he was placed in a wheelchair and pushed into the back entrance to access the rear elevator. The Psych Ward was on the fifth floor. 
His parents, the doctor, and a nurse, pushing Brandon, all loaded into the elevator. As customary, and for legal reasons, his wrists and ankles were lightly strapped to the chair using two-inch wide leather straps. 
The building and the elevator had the look and smell of a new hospital. Brandon's mother looked out into the lobby as the elevator doors closed. Brandon was aware of his surroundings, and of being moved to a different location, but did not know where.
The doctor leaned down. “Brandon, you are being taken to a different place, a place where you can get better care.” He waited a moment, but got no reaction. He stood up and nodded at Brandon's parents to let them know it was okay to speak to him. 
His mother bent down. “Honey? Brandon? Are you feeling okay?” she asked. 
Brandon nodded, but did not speak. 
Half-satisfied, his mother patted his shoulder and stood up again, looking at her husband's concerned expression. 
The elevator passed the third floor as Brandon focused on the digital display. The fourth floor, and a moment later, the fifth floor displayed—Psychiatric Care. The elevator came to a stop.
The doors did not open. Instead, the walls began to shake. The lights flickered and blinked on and off. Whatever the effects of the mild sedation given to Brandon earlier, were gone now. His mother let out a small scream.
“Everything will be okay,” the doctor said. “Probably just a temporary maintenance problem.” 
The elevator shook worse, banging and rattling sounds of metal clashing. And then, a sudden drop, a quick free-fall. Everyone let out a shocked… “Ohhh!”
The wheelchair rattled and vibrated. Brandon's heart raced. He looked behind him, looking for assurances. He saw confusion in their eyes. 
Then, everything went still. Everything went silent. 
A red light flashed inside the elevator as a buzzer sounded from within the panel. 
The red digital display flashed, '4'...'4'...'4'. Brandon looked at it and fear immediately set in. His only comfort was that he was not alone. 
Ding. 
The door opened. A dark hallway greeted him as the door slowly parted. Brandon, who had wanted to reconnect with Coleman, now wanted nothing to do with him. He wanted to leave and tried to pull against his straps, only they were no longer leather straps. He looked down and saw that chains now wrapped his wrists and ankles. A dim light glowed at the end of the dark hallway. 
Brandon twisted his neck to look behind him. His parents, the doctor, and the nurse, all stared straight ahead. Their faces expressionless, bodies motionless. They stared at the end of the long hallway. 
The wheelchair started slowly rolling forward. Again, Brandon turned; no one was pushing him, the chair was moving on its own, leaving the safety and light of the elevator and into the darkness. Lights flickered in the hallway, creating just enough light to see his surroundings. 
Brandon struggled against the chains. The lights went out completely. From a short distance, a light moved toward him—a flashlight. The light went out, the chair stopped moving, then the light flashed on again. Brandon screamed as an old nurse, wearing a nurse's hat and uniform from the 1940's. She wore bright-red lipstick and appeared in front of him. The light only illuminated half of her smiling face. Brandon leaned away from her as his heart pounded faster.
“Welcome to Floor Four,” the nurse said with a big smile and a creepy look in her eyes. Her lipstick was smeared on her face in a maniacal-looking pattern, most of it missing her lips completely. She stepped aside as the chair began to slowly move forward. Her arm outstretched in front of him, moving in the direction of the hall, inviting him in.
He tried to shake loose again as the doors down the hall began to open and close, slamming shut each time. The sound of the doors slamming closed was so loud he thought his ears would pop. He turned and looked back at the elevator once more. The door was closing. His eyes widened and he screamed. His mother, father, doctor, and nurse hung in the elevator, necks wrapped in chains. 
The door closed sucking the last bit of light from the hallway.
He continued moving down the hall, doors still opening and closing. Papers were scattered on the ground and some were floating and falling softly back to the floor. Brandon was sweating, his wrists starting to bleed from his struggle to free himself from the chains. 
The doors all slammed at once, then opened. The hall went silent and the lights started flickering. Appearing in each doorway were the hospice patients. Brandon's eyes looked at the first one, an older man. The man was in a hospital gown and grabbed the top of it, pulling it down to reveal his chest. His chest was split open, revealing his two damaged lungs, blackened by years and years of smoking, cancer staking the last claim. 
“Got a cigarette?” he asked Brandon.
Shocked, Brandon tried to turn his head away, but it was now held in place to the back of the chair by another chain. He could not close his eyes, he had no control, and to his left stood an old woman holding something in her hands. As the chair neared, she stepped forward. 
“How's your heart dear? Want to trade?” the woman said, laughing hysterically. The heart pumped in her hand, but where there should have been blood, thick black liquid oozed down between her fingers.
He tried again to close his eyes. The chair continued down the hall passing patient after patient. All of them dying. Each there for their final days. He was getting closer to the light at the end of the long hall.
Now to his right, another older man stood in his doorway looking straight ahead. He removed his sunglasses. His eyes had no pupils. They glowed a solid white. He reached for Brandon. Brandon tried to lean away from him, but the man's shaking hand grabbed hold of his arm and squeezed. His other hand reached for Brandon's eyes. 
“I got my eyes on you,” the man said. 
Crying, tears filling his eyes, Brandon leaned as far away as he could. The chair rattled, and the man let go as it continued its roll. 
The silhouette of a man stood just before the frosted-glass door at the end of the hall, his features not visible because of the light behind him. The chair stopped in front of the figure. The lights flickered, and through the quick flashes of light his face became visible.
Jake.
His eyes were closed and body limp. 
This was too much for Brandon, and he struggled against his restraints, trying desperately to get free and leave the evil place. His heart was beating faster. His breathing heavy and labored. Blood was building around his wrists and ankles. 
Jake fell forward on to him.
Brandon screamed again.
Jake's dead body slid and fell to the side of the chair with a thud. 
Now, in front of him stood David Henry Coleman, and even through the dim light, he could see that evil sneer. Brandon started to pass out. 
“You can't hide that way,” Coleman told him. He stepped forward and grabbed Brandon by his hair. “You betrayed me, and now you must die by my rule.” 
Brandon looked at him, and strangely, didn't feel afraid. He no longer wanted to be his student and wasn't worried about what might be done to him. Somehow, he was at peace. A sense of calm came over him and he smiled.
“I see you didn't miss me at all,” Coleman told him. “I came back exactly one year later to offer you a choice and to tell you what I have been up to.” He reached over his shoulder and pulled out his tool of death, the sickle. “In the past three weeks I have murdered again.  Each one, a connection from the past. The ones I planned to kill before. You're the only one left,” he said, bringing the tip of the sickle to Brandon's chest. 
Brandon almost threw up, no longer at ease. The cold metal of the sickle's blade gently slid up to his neck, as Coleman walked around him. Brandon's heart pounded in his chest, sweat poured from his forehead, blood dripped from his wrists and ankles. 
“Anyone who sees me, must die,” he told Brandon, “but I will give you the choice to live or die.” He now stood behind him. 
The wheelchair spun around quickly, The Mangler grasping the handles. 
Brandon's eyes widened further, and standing in front of him were his parents. Strangely, they were smiling. He tried again to break free, desperately wanting to run to them, be saved by them, and ask them to forgive him.
“Do you want to live or die?”
The chains that held Brandon, unwrapped and dropped to the floor, hitting in a simultaneous clang of steel that echoed down the long hallway. He wanted to stand and run, but instead looked up at his parents, and they remained standing, looking at him and smiling, seemingly oblivious to what was going on around them. 
“Your choice . . . you or them,” he told Brandon, as he walked and stood behind his parents. 
Brandon now realized what he meant. This quickly shook him free from the spell of the moment, he cleared his head. 
He tried to reason with the killer. “But, my parents never saw you. Why do you want to kill them?”
“You know so little and you think you know so much,” Coleman's voice sounded deeper and darker. “I will not be killing them . . . you will,” he said, as he walked between his parents, knocking them apart, and reaching for Brandon, grabbing him by his shirt and pulling him up in a standing position. 
Brandon's eyes showed fear again as he stared at the man in black, face-to-face. 
“You or them!” Coleman yelled, as he reached behind him, pulling out his famed sickle and slamming the tip down and into the arm rest of the wheelchair. He let go of Brandon and walked around behind the chair.
Brandon stood, not knowing what to do. He looked up at his parents, and there they stood, shoulder to shoulder, still smiling. He was frightened more than any other time, but he knew it was time.
He reached out with his shaking, bloody hand and grabbed the handle of the sickle tight. 
The Mangler smiled.
Brandon paused, looked back at his parents, quickly pulled the blade from the arm rest and faced them––their smiling faces still greeting him. 
He quickly turned to The Mangler and swung the blade with all his might. He yelled––a yell that perfectly represented all of his fears, frustrations and anger, all at once. He closed his eyes as he felt the blade drive into its chest. 
He opened them and his heart sank, as a deep inner pain took over. 
The blade, now dripping with fresh blood, was lodged into his mother's chest. He looked up at her, then to his father; their eyes met his, shocked, they no longer smiled. Their faces did not express anger or pain. Their faces expressed sadness . . . only sadness.
Tears filled his eyes as he screamed at the top of his lungs, just as The Mangler's blade came down over him.
<><><>
The day was sunny, the air crisp and cool, as Brandon was moved from the transport van to the waiting wheelchair at the new hospital. His parents, his doctor, and a nurse all greeted him with smiles.
Now awake, but still drowsy from the sedation meds given to him earlier, Brandon could make out the people around him. The situation and surroundings seemed eerily familiar. Fear struck him as he raised his head and looked around. 
Did I just have a nightmare? Brandon was afraid and confused. He tugged against the straps.
The doctor patted him on the shoulder.
“You'll be fine,” the doctor assured him. “Just relax, we'll be in the room soon.”
Brandon wanted to get out of the chair, but the meds still had hold of him. The nurse pushed him through the lobby and to the elevator doors. Lighting in the new hospital was very bright and everything was so new. He could hear employees talking and laughing. He was still apprehensive, but he didn't feel in danger. Everything seemed normal. 
The elevator's stainless steel doors opened, and a young couple exited, nodding at Brandon. For some reason he felt like he knew them. The nurse pushed him in and turned him, facing the slowly closing doors. 
The young couple stood in the middle of the lobby, waving and smiling at him. The door closed as he stared out, trying to figure out why they looked so familiar. He closed his eyes, thinking harder. 
The elevator shook briefly, then lifted.
Then it hit him. They were his parents, from when they first got married. They posed that same way in a picture on their nightstand. He opened his eyes and looked up behind him. His parents looked down, smiling, just like the picture at home.
Strange. 
His eyes shifted to the doctor. He was typing something on his phone.
Brandon looked up at the elevator's digital display. The numbers 2, 3 and then 4 displayed on the panel. He held his breath as the screen continued displaying the red number 4. 
The dream he just had was becoming clearer.
This scared him, but the lights were burning bright, not flickering like in his dream. Everyone seemed okay, no panic, no worries.
Finally, the number 5 displayed, as the elevator came to a stop. 
Brandon lowered his head, anticipating that the elevator would start shaking again. The young Hispanic nurse smiled down at him, making him feel better. 
“Here we are,” the doctor said.
The doors opened. 
Brandon let out a relieved breath. 
The long, well-lit hallway, with its newly polished floor, was busy with activity, full of nurses, patients, and some maintenance personnel. Halloween decorations were visible throughout the lobby and hall. He relaxed a little more as the chair moved out of the elevator. 
He glanced at the nurse's station, and to his relief, he saw a big number '5' mounted in the middle of the reception counter, signifying he was on the fifth floor. 
More relief. 
Everything was normal, but he didn't notice that the wheelchair was slowly rolling forward without anyone pushing it. 
Feeling safe and secure, putting the dream he had earlier further behind him, he almost let himself smile. He turned to speak to his parents, but saw no one. 
No parents, no doctor, no nurse. 
Brandon's fear and anxiety came back quickly, and he twisted his body around, only to see the elevator doors closing, the light inside flickering on and off. Panic struck him as he tried to get out of the chair. Chains wrapped around his wrists, ankles, and neck, securing him to the chair. The supernatural force was back.
The chair stopped rolling.
Brandon's eyes widened as he screamed at the top of his lungs. 
From down the dark hall, running towards him, and dressed in black, was The Mangler. He held long chains in both hands, dragging the bloody bodies of his mother and father behind him. 
Brandon passed out.
<><><>
“Brandon? Brandon how are you feeling?” 
He started to come to. He tried to see through his blurry vision. The light hurt his eyes. A hand gently shook his shoulder.
“Hello, Brandon. I'm Denise. I'll be your nurse today,” she said.
His vision and thoughts became clearer. 
The beautiful young nurse looked him in the eyes, smiling. 
He wanted to speak, but only managed to slur his words. 
His thoughts were clearer than his speech, happily realizing that he had only had another bad dream. 
“Don't worry about talking right now. They gave you a strong dose of sedative. It might take a little longer to wear off,” she said, straightening his pillow. 
“Where am I?” he asked, speaking a little clearer, trying to sit up.
Helping him, by raising the bed, she said, “You're at the brand new Bay Coast Health Center. You're one of our first patients.” She smiled again.
Everything was coming back to Brandon now. The old hospital, the new building, built on the same land. His heart rate increased, taking it all in. “How long will I be...”
“You just lay back and relax. We will take good care of you.” She paused, her head still down, adjusting the blanket. “Anyone who sees me must die,” she said, her voice changed, slower and much deeper now.
The voice and words shook Brandon to his core, his body stiffened.
“Wait . . . what did you just say?!” he asked, frantically leaning over the rail, away from her. “Anyone what...?” 
“Anyone who sees me must smile? That's our slogan here to keep patients smiling. Kinda corny but...” She pointed to the embroidered words on her uniform.
“If you need anything, just hit the red button . . . Happy Halloween.” 
Brandon went from stressed to totally relieved, and almost started laughing. He knew now that his mind was playing tricks on him and he was acting paranoid, probably because of the medication and the dreams he just had. Maybe, just maybe, this was all behind him now. He laid his head back against the pillow, feeling better.  
“Oh, I almost forgot,” the nurse said, pausing at the half-open door. The lights flickered in the now dark hallway behind her. 
“Welcome to Floor Four.”
Hearing those words again, stunned Brandon. His body tensed, and he quickly closed his eyes, refusing to look.
The Mangler's maniacal laugh echoed in the hall, as the door slowly closed.
Author’s Note

In this story, I have taken certain fictional liberties in changing the names of places and things. For anyone who reads this, and for those who live in the town where this story takes place, you may be able to piece together, one chain link at a time, the real places that inspired this novella. If you do locate the old hospital (it still stands, by the way), my advice is to not venture in and explore as the boys did in the story . . . safety concerns, you understand.

But . . . if you do stand at the fence line on a quiet night, listen real close. You may hear the unmistakable sounds of a sickle scraping against metal or chains dragging along the stairwell and floors from within. And while you’re there, take a glance up at the fourth floor windows. Let me know if you see anyone stirring around up there. And if your imagination is anything like mine, maybe you’ll write your own scary story.  
The first part of Floor Four was first published in Purgatory-13 Tales of the Macabre. This edition is the complete story.

Also part of the A. Lopez, Jr. Library:

Purgatory–13 Tales of the Macabre - In the spirit of King, Laymon, Little, and Keene comes a collection of short stories of the macabre. One story begins in the name of research when a world-famous horror author spends the night in one of the most haunted houses around, Ritter House, only to discover that reality is much more horrific than fiction. In Road Trip, a man must travel across state lines to identify his brother’s dead body and drive him home in the back of his car to a mortuary run by a dead man. In Tic Toc, a man has two hours to try and prevent a catastrophe in the building that his wife works in, only, he can’t recall how or why. His only clue is the nightmare he had two hours earlier. Christmas will never be the same for a little boy in Santa Claws, and an old wooden box in a warehouse carries a story all its own in The Crate. A trip into Purgatory will open the door to these stories and more.

Night Dreams (series) - A Dream Psychologist, Dr. Joseph Rickettes, has no choice but to live out the nightmares of his patients in hopes of curing them of their demons. He is bound by the demons in their dreams, while he struggles to make sense of the nightmares that plague his own life. In the first episode in the novella series, The Beginning tells the story of how it all started for Joseph, and how he came to possess his power, or curse, to delve into and live out, the nightmares of others.

(titles available in eBook and print)





~ Coming Soon ~

Night Dreams – Episode Two
“ANDREA’S DEMON”

The haunting novella series continues with episode two answering more questions about Dr. Joseph Rickettes and the power he possesses. The power, or curse, as he calls it, spills over into his family life and directly into his marriage. His wife, Andrea, is being tormented by a powerful demon in her dreams, one that threatens to cross over into the real world. Joseph struggles with the decision to tell his wife of his secret gift, so that he can try to help her.   


“31 DAYS”
A Horror Novel

   “Tomorrow starts the countdown to Halloween, folks,” the radio DJ announced to the listening public. “Yes, tomorrow is October 1st, bringing in the cooler temperatures, shorter days, and     the one creepy night of the year that we love so much . . . Beware of the goblins!” 
Little did he know that the countdown had already begun, long before he spoke his prophetic words.
The terror that was coming was far more hellish than he, or any of his listeners could imagine. The terror that is coming, begins in 31 Days.

For more information on the author
 please visit his blog:

www.alopezjr.com
Book cover art and formatting done by Ace-Hil-Ink
For more information please visit: 

www.ace-hil-ink.com


