
playlist link

Smashwords 2019

To Amanda Martins,
For r/nosleep readers

Table of Contents
1.SixTwelveSilvia
2.Carolinas
3.The Journal of Dr. Elsa Morgan Monroe
4.The Cove Inn
5.The Misters J
6.Seven Signs of a Psychopath
7.Persephone
trailer cue
beginning credits cue


SIXTWELVESILVIA
1
I used to be a dispatcher for the county fire and police, and it was when I first started working there that I learned the county holds auctions for items and property confiscated during crime events. These auctions weren’t publicly advertised (I only knew of them because I was a dispatcher) so the crowds were always the same group of law enforcement, firemen, and pencil–pushers like me.
Most of the time, the stuff up for auction was just cheap jewelry, weapons, household items, and so on; or it would be super weird, like a velvet painting of an Elvis–looking, kinda Asian Jesus Christ rocking out on the xylophone. Every so often there’d even be big-sale items, which drew the largest crowds – like cars, or the time they put up a gaudy boat named “The Pussy Dragon”.
And it was during one of these large–sale police auctions that I came to buy my first house; a house that I also helped seize.
It all began with a spike in heroin overdoses.
It was apparent from the day it started, even to me as a dispatcher. One day it was quiet and then, all of a sudden, ambulances were racing all over the county to help unresponsive people in vehicles, at home with children, in retail bathrooms, even in the most rural places. This lasted for weeks (it was even on the national news) and we were able to help save a good deal of people…though not everyone made it back. My county gets its fair share of emergencies, usually burglaries or DUIs, domestic disputes, house fires, etc. – but this was the first time several jurisdictions had to join together with the FBI in order to stop it.
Dispatch only became aware of the case when detectives, working together with two senior FBI agents, were confident they had located the source of the heroin – a house in a wealthy suburb square in the center of the county – and I was on the line to update the separate jurisdictions holding the perimeter.
SWAT approached the house.
The first explosion let us know it wouldn’t be easy.
The second explosion reinforced the idea.
Then came thunderous gunfire, louder and more vicious than any I had ever heard before.
As much as I don’t like to give drug dealers and mass murderers’ credit, the operation inside that house was incredibly well orchestrated. The explosions were landmines that had been strategically placed in the front yard—but that was only the beginning. They were equipped with an arsenal and even had mounted a 50cal machine gun to a wall in the garage, and they opened fire immediately. The backyard was also a nightmare of hidden barbwire that tripped additional explosives while several suspects were unloading cover fire. The beginning hours were pandemonium. Houses were evacuated up to a mile. The garage was so well fortified that Homeland Security had to assist; they imploded it with a tiny cluster bomb to prevent further damage to nearby houses. The other suspects were killed in a gunfight soon after – none of them surrendered. And the drug–trafficking operation inside was so carefully constructed and subversive that it could have gone unnoticed forever, if not for the fact that their heroin was apparently thirty times more potent than anything else available.
Jump to over a year later, when the successful raid’s been mostly forgotten, and the beautiful, two–story house gets put up during an auction with a low turnout. I had been saving up for a down–payment on a house for quite some time and had already been in contact with lenders to establish my price range – so when I saw a house for sale, in a wealthy neighborhood, 60% below market value, I sweat and prayed and quickly bid…and I bid alone. Turns out, since four officers had lost their lives on the property, it was tradition for them not to buy it – and no one else wanted anything to do with it.
So, I had a new house.
The crime scene had been professionally cleaned before the auction but there were still property issues, obviously: the garage had to be rebuilt, the septic tank had issues, the bullet holes would have to be patched and repainted, the wooden kitchen cupboards needed replacing, and on and on—but I didn’t care. I finally had a house. And I’m moderately handy so fixing it up wasn’t much of an issue…at least, not in the beginning.
I immediately noticed there was an issue with the tap water, which I hadn’t been made aware of. Since the house had been practically abandoned for a year, and the septic tank was having issues, I thought they might be linked and didn’t think else about it. I scheduled a plumber to check the water pipes and drank bottled water in the meantime. It wasn’t until the cleaners came out to fix the septic tank that I realized I may have made a mistake…
“Tank…no clean…” the one cleaner kept telling me. (He spoke little English so we had a bit of a rough time communicating, and the other cleaner had vanished.)
“No clean?” I kept asking, since the inspector had told me the septic tank wasn’t working properly.
Eventually, their boss had to call me as an intermediate.
“It’s not that the septic tank needs cleaning,” their boss told me, then paused.
“Then what’s the issue?” I had to almost encourage him to tell me.
“The tank isn’t working because of the contents inside it. We can’t clean it. It needs replacing,” he told me.
This came as horrible news to me since a new septic tank was extremely expensive.
“What?! Why?”
The boss couldn’t give me a straight answer and, at first, I thought he was trying to rope me into unnecessary expenses…but I would get my answer soon after.
The plumber showed up later that same day to fix the water-main and he turned on the faucet to find the water a greyish color. It stank, too, almost like sewage. “Weird,” he told me, eyeing the dirty water suspiciously. He explained to me that normally it was rust or dirt but this wasn’t either; in fact, he had no idea what it was. When I asked if it could be a result of the septic tank not working properly, he shook his head no. “Definitely not,” he said. “Maybe if you drew from a well but you don’t. Septic and water pipelines are completely separate from one another.”
The plumber checked the pipes throughout the house but, when he couldn’t find an issue, he explained that he would have to come back with more tools and dig up the piping behind the house.
So I spent the first night in my new house completely alone and without lights (as the electricity had yet to be set up) or water or toilets. Luckily, first thing in the morning, the plumber returned and dug around in the backyard for the water line. I was in the kitchen, replacing cabinets—when I heard him scream. I quickly ran into the backyard and found the portly plumber, pale and wide–eyed. The hammer was still in my one hand, which I forgot. The plumber saw the hammer—then he took off in a sprint to his car parked around front. I didn’t chase him; in fact, I was too confused to do anything but freeze in place and gape at the hole with a stupid expression on my face. He had dug an impressively large hole in the dirt and I walked over and peered in. There was a pipe that had been dug out and the plumber had wrenched the pipe open…and, from inside, he dislodged what appeared to be a nest of dead black spiders.
It creeped me out, of course, and it stunk to all get–out, but it wasn’t so scary that I’d run. I got a bit closer since the spiders were long dead and grabbed a nearby stick and began poking at them – when I realized they were all somehow connected, their bodies rotted together. Further perplexed by this, I used the stick to try and drag it entirely out of the pipe—but it was stuck.
So I half climbed in the hole.
The smell was overwhelming, like a port–a–potty on fire, but I covered my nose with my shirt and rolled up my sleeves. Up close, I could tell it wasn’t dead spiders that I was looking at. The black clumps looked like congealed oil. I carefully bent down and leaned forward and slowly reached my hand inside the pipe. And that’s when I felt something hard, something else connected to it. I pulled and it broke free and I pulled the rock–like clog I and tossed it aside. There was something else in there so, slowly, I reached back in…further…further…trying to get at the rest, but I had to tilt down…further…further… pushing my hand so deep that my whole arm was inside…and that’s when I noticed something.
The chunk I had removed from the pipe, it had a black, decomposing lip. And teeth, one with a filling. The black clumps weren’t a nest of spiders or congealed oil; it was hair. Long black hair that belonged to a skull that had been cracked apart. And I had just yanked a piece of the jaw. Skin was still clinging to bone but barely, like gooey flakes of old cake batter.
The police were never able to identify the woman we found in the water–line. They weren’t even certain how half of a skull had even ended up in the water–line. They just assumed it to be a remnant of some human–trafficking that had gone on there but their theory was vague and I never got much more about it. Apparently, in the year the house had been in police custody, not a single person had used the water. To make sure there weren’t any further issues, the borough paid to replace my septic tank so they could search it, too.
That night, in the candlelight of my bedroom, I began to doubt my choices. Half a skull in the water–line, who–knows–what in the septic tank, and I was even hearing weird creaking noises in the walls. It was probably just the house, normal creak-and-crank sounds that all houses make, but when coupled with half a decomposing skull in your backyard, anything can become scary.
I had a rough time falling asleep.
First thing the next morning, my phone woke me up.
It was a familiar voice.
“You got a minute?” the local Sergeant asked.
“Yeah, what’s up?” I groggily responded, rubbing sleep from my eyes.
“Is everything alright?” he inquired, a tinge of worry in his voice.
Kind of a strange question.
“Uh, yeah,” I replied, fully awake.
“I need you to gather your stuff. Two squad cars are on their way to pick you up.” I asked him several questions but the only real answer he would give me was, “We’re gonna put you up in a hotel for a short time.”
It wasn’t until I refused to leave my house without a reason that he answered more completely.
“We have reason to believe that you’re not alone in the house.”
2
“…the fuck?” I asked, wiping the haze of sleep from my eyes.
“Everything will be fine,” he repeated twice in a patronizing tone, like he was dealing with a rambunctious child. “Just gather some things and step outside. But stay on the line with me, okay?” He was using a pretend–calm, one I was quite familiar with – working in emergency situations as a dispatcher, it’s imperative to seem calm, no matter the situation – but knowing that didn’t make it any less horrifying when on the receiving end; in fact, I would have rather heard him scream, “Get the hell outta there now, you’re in danger!” Acting as if nothing were wrong made the fact that something was wrong all the more glaring, all the more chilling, all the more real…
Floorboards creaked.
I dropped the phone and froze with a stupid expression on my face.
The sound came from somewhere on the second floor but I couldn’t place where exactly.
Sirens in the distance. The screech of swerving tires in my neighborhood.
pit–psssssh…pit–pssssh
It was approaching the bedroom door – a step, then the sound of dragging…
A step, then the sound of dragging…
I whimpered, naturally; then, slowly, I turned to the doorway.
The sight was a gut–punch, bone–deep.
“Oh God…” I mumble–groaned.
It wasn’t a hulking threat that was approaching—no, this was worse.
This was so much worse.
The person was naked, that I noticed first, but it was so emaciated that I couldn’t tell their gender or even their age. The body was hairless and taller than a child, about 5’8, and their skin was an unnaturally yellowish brown but I couldn’t tell if it was caused by jaundice or dirt, or both, or worse. Their right arm – it caused my breath to choke in my throat (the first time in my adult life that I actually gasped). The right arm was missing below the middle of the bicep; in its place was a hunk of gore, skin dangling black and rotting. It was an old, festering wound, long infected. Both eyes were open but the sockets were empty. The stain of running blood had tattooed itself down both cheeks. The poor creature was blind as it lumbered forward.
One step forward, then a drag of the back right leg…
pit–pssssh…pit–psssssh
The calf muscle was missing from the right leg.
The police were able to catch my escape in all its glory as they rolled up, both cruisers parking in front of my lawn:
I blindly grabbed and threw whatever object was nearest to me at the window to break the glass – but, sadly, the object happened to be a pillow and it bounced off the window glass without any damage whatsoever. I ignored this failure and instead threw myself out the second floor window, landing on the slanted awning that hung over my front door—which I then tumbled down, falling a good thirteen feet into the grass with a loud, breath–taking thump.
Miraculously, the only thing I hurt was my pride – as it quickly became a running joke between local officers and fellow dispatchers for months.
("Remember when Richie threw himself out that window?"
"Don’t pull a Richie."
"Dispatch, we got a situation here. Should I jump out the window?"
"The Richie Tumble" even became a motion where you just pretended to roll in place.)
Let’s skip through the next week with tidbits:
The police found the one–armed, no–eyed victim laying in my bed and immediately transported her to the nearest emergency room. She was an adjunct English professor from a college three states away, and she had been declared missing for several months. I visited her in the hospital after a few days, just to pay my respect. She had been through so much that her brain was mush, they told me, and her tongue was gone – so she had no ability to communicate and no means to explain what had happened.
Her condition may have been the worst of the situation and all but, in a close second, the police were unable to tell me where the hell she had come from. There was no blood, not anywhere. There was no evidence of her hiding in the crawl space, not that she had the mental capacity to do so. It was as if, one day, she just mysteriously appeared in the second floor of my house.
True to their word, the county put my up in a mediocre hotel while they continued to scrub the house. The FBI returned with their resources but, again, they found nothing and, again, they disappeared into the night air. Detective Hernandez was assigned to work as an intermediate between me and the active case. He was hesitant to provide me with much insight into the situation but I did get some information:
The septic tank had evidence of multiple, partially digested human remains – that is to say, pieces of human bodies had passed through the digestive track of another human and were then deposited in the septic tank – and it was recent enough that the bacteria hadn’t enough time to break it all down. All of this meant that a cannibal had recently used the toilet – until it broke, which looked to be recently. So, the cannibal (or cannibals) had been eating people and using the toilet even during the year my house had been in police custody. (The DNA of the waste, however, didn’t match the woman in the hospital – which was strange and unnerving but weirdly glossed over.)
I was in the hotel for a short period while police ensured that my house was completely vacant before letting me return. Once I was allowed back, the septic tank had been replaced, the electricity had been hooked up, the water main was unclogged so that each tap worked fine (though I continued, for a time, drinking bottled water)…and, for the first time, it was starting to feel like an actual house.
I was hesitant to be alone but, as I was in a town with zero friends or family, I didn’t have much choice – so I slept with the light on and spent as many hours out and about as I could. I didn’t have a lot of cash on hand at the time but the money I did have went toward amenities and furniture. And, over time, the house started to feel less menacing.
It’s bizarre what I can forgive and forget within a month.
Also bizarre: my first real order of business as a homeowner was to sign up for an online dating service. It didn’t take long before I began meeting women at a bar nearby bar called Rex’s, where we’d grab dinner and a few drinks (often with the last bit of money I had), and then I would offer to end the night at my house. For all intents and purposes, I became rather whore–ish – partially because I could but also (maybe subliminally) because I didn’t want to be in the house alone, and this was the easiest way to have company.
As far as I could tell, everything was normal with the house…until one night, soon after, when I was at work and received this call:
“Alpha–one–one–zero–one, what’s your emergency?”
The voice was male and deep and he breathed heavily into the receiver.
“Someone’s gonna get murdered.”
“What’s the location of your emergency?” I asked, taking notes.
“Six Twelve Silvia Circle.”
“That’s my address,” I corrected him; my immediate reaction was to think he was mistaken.
“I know,” the voice agreed.
And then the line went dead.
3
In any emergency call, the line is traced.
When tracing a call, first the signal connects to the nearest cell tower, and that tower connects to a satellite, which then gives a specific GPS coordinate within maybe 40 ft. of the caller; however, unfortunately, the satellite never had enough time to pin–point the location of the call, so we only know that the cell tower ping for the call was made within a 2.1–mile radius that included my house – so, it was close but, then again, most of the town fit within that radius.
The caller could have been anywhere local, even the dispatch call center.
The phone number was through a Verizon carrier but a rep for Verizon said the number had been defunct for some time, and that was all they’d say. (Verizon wasn’t even legally obligated to release that much, as no real crime was committed and the call could’ve been construed as a mistake.) And, when it didn’t happen again, the police were also forced to write it off since they had no other option evidence and it didn’t continue.
Can’t chase the sound of a voice, they told me. (I tried, though; I listened to the recording of the incident so many times that I started hearing that deep voice everywhere – even to this day, it’s in my dreams.)
Surprisingly, in the month after the ominous call, life became quasi–normal. There were no further police interruptions, veiled threats, decomposing body parts, or emaciated victims. My shifts at dispatch were in three 12–hour days followed by four days off – which can feel like forever sometimes, especially if you’re alone in a two–story, mostly vacant, previously horrifying suburban house. To fill my spare time, I started driving for Uber to get out of the house, as well as make extra money on the side. Little by little, piece by piece, I filled my house with more – more furniture, more art, more flourishes, anything that could make it more welcoming. I got side–tables and two couches from Goodwill, ordered framed posters of my favorite movies (Goodfellas, Adaptation, Predator), vases with fake flowers, and more, including a large, scratched up flat–screen from a shady person on craigslist (guess I still hadn’t learned discounts come at a price).
And, as usual, I would meet women off an online dating site.
There’s a bar near my house called Rex’s (luckily, it was also the only bar in the area to have Pantera on the jukebox) and it was the perfect place to meet new people, always half–full and quiet–ish until 9pm – then all hell would break loose and the heavy metal would blare. The loud noise always made a good excuse to leave. Some nights it didn’t work out; other nights did and my date would come home with me.
This was how I met Kay…
The day started with a swipe–right on a beautiful, dark–haired woman. A conversation followed, which led to an exchange of phone numbers, further conversation, and plans to meet up at Rex’s. She was early and smelled of licorice. I was timid, with a sense of humor. Things were going well until Rex’s decided to blast their heavy metal early, around 7pm on a day when the sun didn’t set until 8:30pm. I invited her back to my house, as went my routine, but she batted me off and, instead, I walked her home as the sun set. It was…nice, for lack of a better word; not world–changing or explosive or dramatic, not a hilarious meet–cute we could tell as an anecdote at parties.
Which was different, at least for me.
The evening was pleasant, quaint, and the conversation was organic. We weren’t trying to impress or judge; we were just talking. She was sweet and inquisitive and something about her made me more honest and forthright than normal. I’m not a dishonest person but I tend to be guarded, especially against people I’ve just met – but with her, it was just…easier. (I didn’t, however, mention a single goddamn fact about my house yet – that’s not first date material, no matter how relaxed the conversation.) And the night ended with a peck on her cheek.
My Kay…
It’s with a deep, sorrowful sigh that we head back into dark territory:
It all began (again) on the night of our third date, after she agreed to come over and watch a movie. I had told her the stories about the house on the second date; why it had been confiscated by police and the evidence that had been found after I moved in. In telling her about the woman with the missing arm (who seemingly appeared out of thin air), I spared the grisly details – but still got the point across, that my house didn’t exactly have a normal history.
Surprisingly, the more I told Kay about the house, the more interested she became – to the point that I had to (politely) request we talk about something else, as it all still made me a bit queasy and nervous at the time (and even to this day). But once she came over, and we got comfortable on the living room couch, the conversation about the house resumed:
“Do you think your house is haunted? You know, because of all the bad juju?” Kay asked before I could even turn the television on. Her voice was soft and a bit high–pitched, like it might come from someone extra tiny. It was cute, endearing even. (I could have listened to her talk for hours; she was the opposite of the voice that threatened me and, like that voice, I can still hear her in my dreams.)
“‘Bad juju’? Is that a technical term?—and what should we watch?” I replied, trying to Netflix my way out of the situation.
“Whatever you want,” Kay dismissively answered before returning to the subject. “Like, did you ever wonder if maybe it isn’t a person doing this awful stuff? Maybe the bad people did awful things here and now the house is haunted.”
“The house isn’t haunted; if anything, it’s evil.”
My answer had been an attempt at humor but the thought made Kay’s eyes light up—and then the house creaked.
“What was that?!” she gasped, more curious and hopeful than afraid.
I explained to her that the house was always making noises like that and, even though it still creeped me out, I had come to accept that it was normal. Houses creak, pipes bustle, windows rattle – and this house had seen its share of issues and rebuilding, which only added to it.
The house creaked again – a slow, short rrrp.
Kay looked me dead in the eyes.
“My parents owned a ranch house and it was all wood…and I never heard any sounds like that.”
My face turned a slight shade of pale.
A slow, wry smile crossed Kay’s lips. “Wait, do you think there could be pounds of marijuana in the walls?!”
“No,” I shook my head, “police went through each and every wall, from what they tell me.”
“Yeah but they also missed a bunch of stuff, right?” She thought a second and then looked around the room, examining the walls. “There’s only one way to be certain – we’re gonna need a hammer and a stethoscope.”
There was a long, silent pause…
“Are you…you’re joking, aren’t you?” I finally asked.
Kay laughed; and so was her sense of humor. Then she asked me for a phone charger and yanked the remote from my hand and started flipping through the Netflix options. I had an extra charger in my bedroom so I excused myself and ran up the stairs—only to stop halfway. There were droplets of a black liquid on a stair – and it wasn’t until I wiped it up with my sleeve, mistaking it for dirt, before I realized that a) it was still wet (and therefore fresh) and b) it was sticky and c) it wasn’t black but stained my white sleeve a dark, brownish red. I tried to smell it but couldn’t, and I didn’t dare taste it. As I hadn’t been upstairs in some time, I found it bizarre that I spilled something—then I heard something so unsettling that my knees wobbled…
A child’s giggle.
And then a shadow dashed into an empty room on the second–floor.
“Fuuuuuuuuck…” I groaned, mortified.
“What’s wrong? Is it a ghost?” Kay joked from the living room.
In response, I exhaled for about a minute – until both lungs were bare pouches inside my ribcage and then some. My eyes had closed the millisecond I saw something move but, as there weren’t any nearby windows to “pull a Richie” (…not that I would have, exactly…), I once again froze with a stupid expression on my face.
(And this is the point where I feel obligated to tell you:
I’m usually the guy screaming at the movie screen when Mr. or Mrs. Peripheral Character is an idiot for investigating the strange sound in the dark house.
Sure, I could’ve jet straight back down the stairs and grabbed Kay (or not, even) and just run out the house…but the thought didn’t occur to me. It seems silly, I understand; and I’m not claiming to be some heroic tough guy. I don’t claim to be brave. And my thought process was simple: there’s a fucking child in my house?—is it a fucking ghost?—no, can’t be…ghosts aren’t real! ghosts aren’t real…ghosts totally aren’t real, though. right?—ghosts aren’t real…and maybe I misheard the sound, maybe it was a cry that sounded like a giggle—maybe someone else is up here, wounded – Lord knows the last person was…—there’s a beautiful woman downstairs—i really, really like her—i really, really don’t want to freak her out. (I also pussied out so hard the last time, jumping out a window to avoid an injured woman, that I just couldn’t do it again – especially not if it turned out to be an injured child this time.)
So I climbed the steps, one…by one…by one, only my right eye partly open as the way my head was turned made it the eye farthest from the back room (as if that helped ). I moved as if sneaking. “Whoooooo…?” I sort of culled, owl-like, before my voice broke. I couldn’t even really finish the sentence, “Who’s there?” because I was so scared.
I reached to the top of the stairs and stepped over another small pool of black liquid. It was sundown outside. There was still enough ambient light to see fairly well, but I turned on the hallway lights anyway—and then felt light–headed when I noticed the unmistakable print of a small, bloody hand just under the light switch. A hand–print with only a thumb and two fingers, spread wide apart. The red was still slowly, slowly dripping down the wall, but one thing was certain:
Whatever just created this hand–print had only done it a few seconds earlier.
“Alpha–seven–six–eight, what’s you’re emergency?” Franny answered when I immediately called the dispatch line.
“Franny, get any nearby officers to my house asap,” I whispered.
“Who is this?” she asked, though I could tell she was smiling; then I was briefly muted as she radioed a nearby officer to my house. (Brief history: She and I had met at Rex’s one night, and we had our own moment, and, in the end, maybe she was trying to torture me a little.
I would’ve deserved it, if that was the case.)
I hung up the phone.
rrrp…
The creak came from inside the empty room on the second floor.
I quickly ducked into my bedroom and turned on the light and grabbed the first thing I could, since I needed a weapon – but again it was a goddamn pillow. This time, however, I was still so scared that I didn’t let it go or throw it or anything; I just hugged it and went back into the hall and approached the back room.
I turned the light on in each room I passed walking down the hallway. The spare bedroom. The bathroom. The overhead bulb in the closet. I left each door open, too.
And then I approached the open door at the end. My breath was heavy as I rounded the door. It was an empty room I hadn’t begun filling with furniture yet. (Even the spare bedroom didn’t have a bed.) The curtains were closed and the hallway light only lit a small area of the room, so it was darker—but there, in the back corner, stood a child-like figure. It was wearing a hoodie, no bigger than 4’10 –but when I turned the light on, there was nothing…just another pool of dark liquid in the back corner of an room.
The puddle was still spreading out, though, as if it had just been made.
Sirens in the distance. The screech of swerving tires in my neighborhood. The police were closing in. I moved to investigate the puddle in the back corner as the police pulled up on my lawn—and then, they got a familiar sight.
But this time – I swear – something fucking pushed me out the window.
And just before it did, it giggled.
4
Coming to, I could hear “Not again,” and “Goddamn it, Richie.” It came from the approaching officers as they walked over. Officer Wright had a gut and ugly hair, and he radioed for an ambulance as he approached me. Officer Reinhart had a bushy ‘stache and tight, eager eyes as he drew his gun and headed towards the front door. (I spoke with them on a weekly basis, while they were on patrol.)
There was a pretty nasty gash in my right forearm from the glass, and the wind had been knocked out of me, but I was otherwise okay. I had been holding a pillow but lost grip as I rolled down the slant of my roof and fell. It landed on me as I tried to sit up. (I fall out a window with a pillow in hand and the pillow lands on me – pretty much sums up my life.) Officer Wright told me to stay down until the ambulance arrived and asked me to describe the situation inside. I told him there had been something on the second floor, in the back room, and that I had heard a child laughing, and when I went to investigate the mysterious sound, something pushed me out the window.
“Anyone else in the house?” he asked, but before I could answer—
A woman screamed.
We turned toward the house.
It was Kay—in all the confusion, I had forgotten about Kay.
Officer Reinhart had opened the front door but didn’t enter the house until the scream. Officer Wright was close behind and, ignoring his request, I came in behind them. I followed Reinhart into the living room, checking each room on the way, while Wright ran up the stairs to check the second floor.
“Ew. Jesus Christ, Richie…” Reinhart grumbled as he slowly entered the living room.
I was too shocked to respond.
The stench got me first—it was so unexpected that it hit me like a jab. My nostrils stung and my eyes watered and I could feel bile rising in the back of my throat. In the center of the living room, on the floor between the couch and the television, lay a small mound of dead, rotting animal caresses. Half a house cat. A skinned fox. Dog legs. Tails. Fur caked in dried blood. Buzzing flies. Pulled teeth.
But no Kay.
There was another scream – again, it was a woman’s…but I couldn’t place it. I couldn’t tell if it was upstairs or near us or in the kitchen or a bathroom, almost like stereo. I could hear Officer Wright call out in the upstairs hallway, “Ma’am, where are you?”
No response.
Reinhart asked if there was anyone else in the house and I told him that it had just been Kay and I, as far as I knew.
Officer Wright came back downstairs. “Second floor’s empty,” he said. His gun was out, too.
The men kept both hands on their weapons as they trained them at the ground.
Officer Reinhart and I moved out of the living room to escape the disgusting rot and met Officer Wright in the hallway. All three of us shared confused expressions, then both officers turned to me for some sort of answer—and that’s when I noticed a hallway door ajar…the one leading to the basement. Both officers saw my attention shift and, without a word, they both prepared to enter the basement.
Officer Reinhardt opened the door and called down into the darkness.
“Ma’am, we’re coming down.”
No response.
“Goddamn it, Richie! Where’s the light?” he asked, searching the walls for a switch.
I reached behind him and turned the light on by pulling a string attached to a hanging bulb.
The light swung a little but the stairs lit up.
“Oh shit!” Officer Wright exclaimed, lifting his gun toward the bottom of the stairs.
“What?” Reinhart asked, startled.
I, too, was startled and confused.
Officer Wright had obviously seen something at the bottom of the stairs, something that panicked him…but he shook it off and didn’t answer. Then, he let Officer Reinhart take point.
“Stay here,” Wright told me, his voice solemn and his eyes serious, before he, too, (hesitantly) walked down the stairs behind Officer Reinhart.
I did as I was told and stayed at the top of the basement stairs.
Officers Reinhart and Wright reached the bottom of the stairs and disappeared around the corner.
It was dead silent.
The light above me calmly slowed it’s shaking.
All I could hear was my breath but, the more nervous I grew, the less I could breath, completely terrified of whatever awful thing was to come next – gunshots, screams for an ambulance, ghastly woman, hoodie–wearing monsters…
But nothing happened.
It remained dead silent…until—
“Richie,” a voice whispered into my ear so close I could feel the hot breath on my neck. It had sounded like Kay, like she had been right behind me, had whispered right into my ear. I spun around—nothing. The hallway was empty. The top of the stairs was empty. And the basement was silent.
The stench of rot reached me once more and I gagged—
“Richie!”
I nearly jumped out of my skin—but this time it wasn’t a voice whispering in my ear. It was Officer Reinhart – he was at the bottom of the stairs looking up. He had called to me. Frozen, I stared down the stairs with another goddamn stupid expression plastered all over my face.
“Richie, there’s nothing down here,” he called up.
Both officers came back to the first floor hallway and I had to explain to them that Kay had been in the living room just a few minutes earlier – and I had no idea where she could have gone except maybe out the back door or something. (Her scream sounded awfully close, though, I thought but didn’t say.) And she hadn’t come out the front door or we would’ve seen her. I had picked her up that night so she didn’t have a car. Her house was too far to run to. Kay was still around, somewhere – she had to be.
Officer Wright headed toward the back door in the living room
“Ew. Jesus Christ, Richie…” he said as he saw the pile of dead animals.
Officer Reinhart asked me to take him upstairs and explain what happened, step-by-step. So I showed him the spot where I found blood on the stairs. I showed him the three–fingered, bloody hand–print just under the light socket. I showed him the bed where I grabbed the pillow. I showed him the doorway where I had seen a shadow move, and where I thought I heard a child giggle. I walked him to the empty back room and pointed toward the window I had been pushed out.
The officer entered the room and checked the puddle in the back corner, and then he looked over the broken window, and then he turned back to me—and that’s when something caught his attention, something he had missed the first time around…
“Oh, Richie…what did you do?” Officer Reinhart asked, turning his eyes to me. He kept his gun down…though I couldn’t help but notice it was more in my direction than previously.
The room was empty so I was confused…and I didn’t understand what was talking about until I entered the room, until I turned around, until I saw the wall…
In blood, someone had scrawled the word
H^E^L^P
Most baffling, the bloody scribble got smaller and smaller, as if disappearing into the wall.
5
When I was young, my family adopted a mini–Pincher mutt from an abusive owner. We loved her even though she wasn’t very bright, and the abuse she suffered caused lifelong emotional issues. She’d confuse joy for anger and ate everything from food to carpet and worse, and she never did learn even the most basic commands. And because of the emotional confusion and idiocy (I say that with love), the dog would seem like an absolute lunatic. She’d be excited, you’d pet her belly, she’d love it – and then nip at you. She’d eat trash, you’d kick her out of the room, she’d back up as much as necessary…and then head back to the trash as if you hadn’t said anything at all.
Ironically, we named the dog Angel.
My house felt like someone had shackled me to my old dog Angel…
People always think I should’ve just run from the house, run for the hills, left, peace, been real, see yah. But I can’t, and here are the many reasons: I’m broke 90% of the time, no matter the circumstances, and the remaining 10% has to go towards the small, simple pleasures I need in this world in order to stay sane – like food; leaving, which would result in a foreclosure of the house, would relegate me to a nomadic, broke, smelly life as a homeless person, a life that would ultimately lead to a death by the elements (and if the plan I choose ends in my death, it’s gonna be a death on my own goddamn terms and not scrounging and hiding); I didn’t (and still don’t) believe in ghosts, which means (to me, at least) that whatever’s doing this is real enough that it can be stopped. Hell, even if it turned out to be a poltergeist or demon or what–have–you, there were still ways of stopping it. And now, most important of all, an innocent person for whom I genuinely cared for was now involved, involuntarily. This was no longer about faceless victims and bad guys – someone blameless, someone sweet and caring and completely unrelated had just gotten involved because of my decisions.
No, there wasn’t any leaving; not yet.
Something of mine had been taken and I’ll be GODDAMNED if I wasn’t going to get her back. I’m not a tough person but there’s a line between what’s right and what’s cowardly – and I refused to be a coward anymore, to “pull a Richie.” I would stand my ground, even alone. And since the hospital kept me overnight, with nothing else to do, I began to form a plan from my bed. Using the internet on my phone, I learned how to reinforce doors with steel and comparison–shopped for specific items like surveillance equipment and construction tools. If I had to return there, which I did, then I was going to do it right: with a plan.
Detective Hernandez, the detective in charge of the case, also stopped by while I was in the hospital.
First thing he told me was, “Kay’s missing.” She hadn’t been to work. Her house and car were untouched. It was now a missing person’s case – and I was the last person to see her. Det. Hernandez even folded Kay’s case into the re–opened investigation in the house, as he deemed it relevant. He also informed me of a few other things: Even though the investigation was on–going, my house was no–longer a crime scene, a fact I found surprising. It had been such a short period of time. But he said that forensics had already been through the place, photographs had been taken, and all that could’ve been done had been done within the span of 24 hours. (This, to me, was troublesome; I’m no expert but I’d think it takes a bit longer to collect every strand of DNA evidence.) In addition to that, the blood they found on the floor and walls had little consequence – the only thing they could determine was that it came from at least four different people and included animal blood. They also found semen in the pile of dead animals but, again, all they could tell was that it had come from two or more people.
None of this information was reassuring; in fact, I’d say it was quite the opposite.
And then Det. Hernandez left me to sleep.
It took a bit to finally doze off but the painkillers helped and, eventually, I did sleep—until I woke in the middle of the night to find the Chief of Police sitting in a chair beside my bed. His name was Roy Harber – well, Chief Harber to most. He wore a long–brimmed, black cowboy hat at all times, even when impolite. His face had a million creases, like a tan shirt that had been stretched out after being crumpled at the bottom of a closet for years. His glasses were wide and the frames were a cheap gold.
And he was a grave sort.
“I wanna tell yah a story, young–un,” he said, waking me. His harsh eyes crossed over me as I stirred but then returned to staring off into the nothing in front of him.
I was bewildered, to say the least – less startled and more confused. I had met the Chief a few times but not often, and this was the first time he had ever spoken directly to me.
“I was a Sheriff – hyuh, was way back when. And we got a tip that there was someone in our town that uh, that just didn’t belong. Older gentleman, prolly late–sixties, an’ he had been in a house not two or three miles from yer very own.” He cleared his throat. He had the voice of a smoker and I could smell it on him; his teeth, the bare few times I could see them, were also yellow.
I leaned on my arm, forgetting that it had just gotten seventeen stitches, and grimaced at the pain.
The Chief glanced at me but continued his story, undeterred.
“Based on the tip, we did a bit of surveillance. Got his DNA off outgoing mail, his fingerprints, everything. Come to find out the man had been a Serbian warlord, of all things. Wanted by the Hague and what–have–you. They referred to him as ‘Lovac’ back home, which meant Hunter. He worked for the Serbian government and he was known for gathering up groups of insurgents and taking a crowd of them to a lake. Then, in front of everyone, he would unarmed insurgents into the water strangle the helpless insurgents while holding them underwater. ‘The Underwater Strangler,’ the headlines read. Seems redundant to me but, to his credit, it was effective. The rebellions against the Serbian government were especially low during his tenure. He would murder one rebel while the others watched from the shore, helpless…and then he would leave the body in the water and walk over to another rebel…and grab them, and drag them into the water, kicking and screaming…and he would strangle them, too. And leave their body in the water. He’d do this to each of them, no matter how big the group, just over and over and over – twenty, thirty, forty rebels – picking them at random. And he just loved every second of it… At the end he would leave one rebel alive so that they could go back and tell all the other rebels what he’d seen. It installed fear like fire, spreading without control. He became a legend over time.”
Hell of a way to wake up, I thought and rubbed sleep from my eyes. Since the Chief wasn’t really staring at me – and it felt like he was half–telling the story to himself – I kept my eyes on the bedside hospital table swung over my lap. There was Jell–O waiting for me to eat—though I quickly lost my appetite.
“So this war criminal – this mass murdering serial killer – snuck into a house, way back when. And he murdered the old couple that lived there. And he stayed for years and years, without anyone knowing. He was right in our back yard and we had no idea. Had no one given us a tip that he was suspicious, we never would’ve even looked. But we did look. And we found him and raided his house but ‘the hunter’ swallowed cyanide before we could bring him in. Worst of all, though, was what we found in the basement: the old, dried-up corpse of a woman. The body wasn’t fresh but there still weren’t any external wounds – so we thought maybe he poisoned her. We found the culprit halfway up her intestines. Lovac had forced a snake up her vagina.”
Chief Harber got up from his seat.
“Just goes to show,” he said in a thoughtful parting, “you never can tell what’s in your own back yard.”
And then he left.
I never did fall back asleep.
At mid–day, the hospital let me go home.
I got a ride back to the house but, instead of going in, I got inside my car and sat there. I didn’t know what horrors were waiting for me. I didn’t know what was still there from before. I didn’t know if I should even go inside; but, if I didn’t go inside my house, where would I go? My parents are dead. No brothers or sisters. No girlfriend or kids. No out–of–town friends. No one. I’d always been a loner and, especially at the moment, I regretted it.
When I did go inside, it was slow.
The house was eerily still and it felt like many others had been through my house since I was last there. The dead animals were gone but there was a massive, circular blood–stain in the middle of the living room. The bloody hand–print under the living room light socket was there, just a bit faded, as was the word H^E^L^P. I didn’t touch a thing, didn’t clean it off the walls, didn’t even return to those rooms again – these were going remain as they were until I had figured this out, like horrid tattoos. Reminders. Evidence. I did do my best to quickly search the empty room for anything the police might have missed, as well as each corner of the house for any answers, but, without tools, it wasn’t as effective.
So I would wait, bide my time.
I parked down the street and slept in the car, only heading into the house when I absolutely needed food or water or a shower or clothes. In order to get everything I needed for my plan, I’d have to work extra hard for money – so I continued as a dispatcher and drove for Uber as much as I could, until I’d get so sleepy it became a danger, and then I’d sleep in my car for a bit.
But then I couldn’t even Uber anymore, not after one situation…
It was late into the night and I had logged onto the app while actually inside the house. I had just finished a 12-hour shift at dispatcher and went into the house long enough to take a shower and dress – but, as it was night, I kept myself ready to immediately get the hell out of there. It took a few minutes but, as I finished dressing, the app gave a quick bwip bwip for a new ride. I checked the phone and saw that the pick–up location was one minute from me; the rider was close. Lucky, saves on gas, I thought and booked it to the car. Put my cell phone in its holder on the dash, accepted the ride, pulled up the map—and the pick–up location was an aerial view of my street.
Weirdly close – but okay, saves gas.
It was dark out. I reversed out of the driveway and checked the map to determine which direction to head—when I realized the map wasn’t just over my neighborhood – it was over my house.
And then something moved outside my car.
I had been so preoccupied with the map on my phone that my headlights were still off, so I flipped the switch—and that’s when I saw him. Slender, with needling arms like a praying mantis and a square head. The face was ghastly pale like a bloated corpse, and blood trickled from his mouth. I yelped and peed a little – only to realize that it wasn’t a monster; no, it was my neighbor decked out in his creepy magician gear.
I let out a sigh of relief, though still a bit freaked.
He lived in the house directly next to mine but we hadn’t shared more than a passing pleasantry once before…and I did my best to avoid him after that. He might not scare me as much if he dressed like a normal magician but, this night especially, his appearance was decidedly more gothic and clown–like. His tuxedo and dress shirt were black and finely–pressed, but his face was caked in a flakey stage makeup that made him a pale, almost sickly shade of white. In stark contrast, his lips were covered in a vibrant red lipstick, with slight, downward smears in each corner that made him look sad. And his dark eyes were half–hidden by the brim of a tall, Victorian stovepipe hat.
“Hail, young man!” the neighbor magician called from my driveway (which, to this day, I still consider to be a peculiar greeting.)
He opened the car door and got in back.
The car filled with the stench of B.O. covered by an obnoxious amount of cologne. It immediately made me uncomfortable when he sat behind the driver’s seat, since I couldn’t really see him. I tried to break the awkward silence that followed by admitting he “startled me.” I didn’t say it in an accusing way but more light–hearted, with a chuckle.
“Sorry, I was trying to save you the trip next door. What scared you? Was it the black tuxedo?” he asked in a booming voice. He was a constant announcer—which was tremendously annoying. He spoke clearly, enunciating each word, and purposely commanded people’s attention by speaking two notches louder than necessary. And his enthusiasm was intentionally over–the–top. It was so pretentious, in a way, as if talking to a person stuck in a bad performance.
“Your pale face–paint scared me, actually,” I lied while clicking through the Uber app, beginning the trip. (Really, I was frightened that he was in my yard, watching me get into my car, and I had no idea he was ten feet away.) My cell displayed a route to the destination and I finished backing out of my driveway.
“You wanna know a secret?” he asked in a mischievous tone, practically goading me.
“…sure?” I hesitantly answered.
“My white stage makeup is actually arsenic!” laughed the neighbor magician, shaking the car. (I didn’t see the humor in it.) “Just like a woman from the Elizabethan era.”
“Fascinating,” I feigned interest and then went quiet.
Usually I was silent when I drove, to better focus.
We get a few minutes outside of town—
“Pull over a moment! Here, to the right,” the neighbor magician shouted out, startling me. I did as requested and pulled the car onto the shoulder of the road. It was a desolate stretch of back road and I assumed the immediacy was because he wanted to use the darkness as a quick bathroom—but instead I heard him scribble something into a pad before telling me to drive on, which I quietly did.
“I have this trick where I invite a volunteer on stage and scalp ‘em, like a dirty in’jun.” He paused and, for a moment, I briefly considered the possibility that he was actually scalping people; but then he asked again, in a tone both mischievous and goading, “You wanna know a secret?”
“Uhhh…phhhhhh,” I just sort of muttered back. I didn’t want to be rude but I also didn’t especially want to hear anything more so I ended up stuck in–between.
The neighbor magician took this as a yes.
“Since I can’t really scalp ‘em,” he said with an obvious glee, “to make it look real…I use the skin of roadkill.”
I was too shocked to reply outright and let this new information digest for a period.
Perhaps sensing my repulsion, he continued:
“Everything must be real, you see. A single disingenuous prop can ruin an otherwise perfect show. So the performer, as well as his performance materials, must remain real.”
I nodded in agreement, as if I understood, since the destination was (thankfully) just a short distance ahead. But…I noticed we were heading deep into nowhere. The paved road turned to dirt. Telephone poles, businesses, even houses weren’t out that far; it was shadow and the twisting limb of bare trees.
“Like this other trick I have,” he went on, and my stomach tightened, “where I invite a volunteer on stage and remove their teeth, one…by one…by one…just like a crazy dentist.”
“Remind me to never volunteer at your shows,” I joked (though I’d never been more serious about anything in my life).
He laughed, drew a breath, then asked, again, “You wanna know a secret?”
“I think I’ve heard en—” I started.
“Once a week,” he cut me off, “I go to the hospital crematorium and stock up on teeth. For the trick. Real teeth, they don’t burn. And the volunteers never know I’m putting real, human teeth inside their mouths,” snickered the neighbor magician.
The dirt road led to a clearing and, in the distance ahead, I could see the flickers of a large bonfire. We passed the tattered outline of a run–down barn. The land was flat, dirt fields. It was eerily calm outside the car. Nothing moved, like driving through a painting.
“Aren’t magicians supposed to keep their secrets?” I interjected, ready for him to leave.
The fire ahead was at least a story tall. I could see people dancing around it as I reached the destination, which appeared to be nowhere, and slowed the car.
“Only if we’re afraid the secret will get out,” he answered, snickering again, and he leaned closer to my headrest so that, in the rearview mirror, I could see half of his pale, downturned face peeking out behind my own.
I stopped the car alongside an empty dirt road leading toward the bonfire.
“How can you be sure I won’t tell anyone?” I asked, trying to remain playful even as I grew increasingly nervous.
I want you out of my car, I kept thinking.
“I just know,” he said with a certain smile, and then he held out a twenty. The air in the car was so still I could feel my heart beating in the silence. I reached out to take the tip but he pulled back a little. “There’s this one, last trick…”
Oh God… I thought and cringed.
He was watching me in the rearview, his face half–hidden.
“I used to invite a kid from the audience to join me onstage,” he said in a calm whisper. “And I’d have the child lay down on a special table…and I’d tell them to close their eyes, as if they were sleeping…and then I’d pull out this long ice pick…and I’d perform a lobotomy on them.”
Something moved outside the car as he asked, in a mischievous, goading tone:
“You wanna know a secret?”
I expected him to explain some awful detail about child lobotomies—but he didn’t. “That girl you invited over the other night,” he said and lifted an eyebrow. He was talking about Kay. “I envy you, really. She was so hot…”
And then he was out of the car, disappeared into the darkness.

I immediately called and told each and every single detail of my Uber trip with the neighbor magician to Det. Hernandez. He listened close and I could hear him writing it all down. Before hanging up, he said he’d look into it and asked where to find me so I could take him to the field where I dropped the neighbor magician off.
“Probably asleep in my car in the driveway,” I told him.
And, the next morning, that’s where he found me just before dawn.
A knock on the car window startled me awake and I stared up at Det. Hernandez with eyes half–open. For some reason, instead of opening the door, I just rolled the window down partially.
“What’s up?” I tried to ask casually.
“Is this the man you saw last night?” Det. Hernandez asked, holding up the picture of a man with a red beard. The man appeared kind of short and stubby, with a round, fat torso. I’d never seen him before.
“No,” I answered.
Hernandez was a younger guy (probably in his early 30s) and he had a measured demeanor that always felt like he was studying the situation with more information that anyone else involved.
“You’ve never seen this man?” I shook my head no. “Well, this is your neighbor.”
“No,” I corrected him. “I called you last night about the neighbor who lived…there…” I said, pointing behind Det. Hernandez to the house where the neighbor magician had come from—except the house was now surrounded by evidence tape, with an ambulance in the street and several police cars pulled up. Red and blue and white lights were flashing every which way and I found it incredible that I hadn’t noticed it sooner; but, when I woke, Det. Hernandez had gotten my full attention.
“Yeah. Your neighbor – Henry David Allen. He lived in that house, the house you told me about last night,” he said in a stern, forceful voice.
“Maybe I didn’t recognize him in the picture because he was always in makeup. Sort of like a clown, since he worked as a magician,” I answered. The man I had given a ride to was tall and slender but maybe the photo I was looking at was old, or just a poor angle or something. “Every time I saw him he had makeup on so…”
“Makeup?” Det. Hernandez repeated, confused. “Mr. Allen wasn’t a magician – he was software engineer.”
6
My eyes remain squinted while I thought a moment, as if this would somehow help me see the answer clearer. I was confused. Det. Hernandez might as well have been speaking another language. (And even though his gun was holstered, I couldn’t help but notice that Det. Hernandez had undone the strap securing it in place.)
He didn’t wait for me to respond.
“I need you to come with me.”
Then, Det. Hernandez reached inside my car window, unlocked the door, and opened the driver’s side door to help me out.
I did as he said, still a bit groggy. He led me to his vehicle and opened the back door, which I took as a bad sign. Before getting in the driver’s side, he gave a motion to the other officers at the scene in front of my neighbor’s house – a gesture to let the other officers know that he “had it under control.”
“Show me where he took you last night. And everything he said,” the Det. Ordered once the car was started and he was driving away from my neighborhood.
I did as I was told and told him each of the creepy passengers “secrets” as we traversed the same back roads out of town. Each time I told him something horrid, the Detective shook his head with (what I assumed to be) disbelief. We passed a dead opossum by the side of the road—and then we passed the spot where I was asked to briefly pull over. (It was then that I realized the “neighbor magician” had me stop so he could accurately note the location of the road kill.) I was surprised to find the area of the previous night’s bonfire already covered in police.
“We the info from Uber. Not much to find, though – not even the giant fire you mentioned. And whoever used Uber did it with your neighbor’s phone and his Uber account so there isn’t much there, either.”
“So why did we come back?” I asked him.
“Because I wanted to hear you tell it again,” he answered, then pulled a U–turn and drove away. And that was all he said for the moment, so I sat in the confined back seat of Det. Hernandez’s unmarked police car as we drove the rest of the way in silence. It wasn’t long before I noticed he wasn’t taking me to the station house, as I expected, and instead we pulled up to a secluded area by the nearby lake.
And, once again, I was worried.
(I couldn’t help but think about the underwater strangler…)
Det. Hernandez got out of the unmarked police car and walked around the side and let me out. He motioned for me to walk and I did, if a bit hesitant, with him directly behind me and out of sight. When I did glance back, his walk was stiff with purpose. He told me to keep walking, which I did, and then finally had me stop when we reached the destination – a secluded picnic table. It was still dawn and the sun was rising in the distance, over the lake and surrounding woods. If it wasn’t such a daunting situation, the setting could’ve been serene and picturesque.
“I think there’s something more at play, here,” Det. Hernandez said as he sat me on the picnic table – not the bench but the table–top itself, so I could be eye–level with him while he paced. “Your neighbor was found dead in his living room. Been there a while, too. The stench was so bad they had to enter with independent oxygen masks. Found a puncture wound to the eye from a botched lobotomy. Scalp and teeth were removed, bagged, and set aside. Body was positioned upright and cross–legged. Cause of death is uncertain until the autopsy but it could have been from any of the traumas…but it happened before Kay was taken.”
The information was like an assault. Every detail was a shock. The gruesome details were horrifying; and their eerie relation to my predicament made it even worse. It was like the words were attacks and I needed a moment to recover. He said more but I didn’t even hear it. Someone had been murdered about 80 yards from my house. And then Kay had been taken.
When I was finally able to listen again, to really hear Det. Hernandez , it was possibly the most important piece of information he was to give me: “When the FBI had been at the house, I heard them refer to something they called Backburner on the radio frequency,” he told me, pacing. He was staring at the ground, working things out in his mind. His hands moved as if he was putting together puzzle pieces. “It was an accident. They have their own secured frequency but sometimes they’d hop on ours but I don’t think anyone noticed or cared; but I did. Backburner, it sounded like some sort of project or operation or something…” he said, thinking.
“Why…why are you telling me this?” I asked, bewildered; I honestly had no idea why he was confiding in me. I was the least capable person for him to do that.
“Because I know you from dispatch. Because, oddly enough, I trust you – as much as the Chief wants me to bring you in, I don’t think you have any clue as to what’s happening. I don’t think you’d hurt anyone…and because I’m also going to need your help.”
“My help?” I asked, confused but also kinda complimented.
Det. Hernandez stared at me for a long time before speaking again and I could tell he was judging just how much he could trust me; it must have been enough because of what he told me next:
“When I first started here—when anyone becomes a sheriff in this area, we always hear about Chief Harber uncovering and arresting that Serbian guy. Caught a war criminal, gets a promotion, eventually becomes Chief – and all because he followed a tip, looked in his own back yard…and blah blah blah. He uses the story as warning these days – don’t trust anyone ‘cause you never know. But something about the story never sat well with me. The informant’s information was never recorded, which is unheard of – no testimony, no deposition, no recording, nothing. And for a case that high profile, you’d think it would’ve been important. For some random person to one day point the finger across the street and say, ‘That guy’s suspicious,’ there’s nothing wrong with it – but the guy didn’t leave his house. No one even knows how the girl got there since no one had seen the man come in or out. No informant, no reason, big investigation. Even the arrest records are redacted in sections. The whole thing never sat right with me – still doesn’t.”
None of this really made sense to me; what did it have to do with today, with now?
Det. Hernandez continued.
“When the FBI came, they were only here for a short period of time. These were federal crimes, which usually involve indictments and further investigation – but this one, for whatever reason, didn’t. The drug bust, possible human trafficking, all of it crossed state lines, all of it should have warranted government involvement – but it didn’t. In fact, the FBI was only here long enough to slap labels and tie it off with a tourniquet. For a majority of the year your house was in custody, it was completely empty. The bulk of the investigation happened the week after the bust. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say the FBI were there for containment.”
“Oh shit, so this is like some big government cover–up?” I asked, now fully immersed. I always wanted to be involved in something like this. Alien life forms, covert operations, genetic experiments – I was game.
“Look,” he said, trying to calm me down, “it isn’t quite like that. But something is going on and it involves your house.”
And from there, we formulated a plan. Det. Hernandez listed the equipment he had on-hand to help but he refused to tell me his overall theory. I told him the money I had been saving from Uber and what I had intended to buy with it. Joining together, we could get our hands on everything we’d need. It would take days, possibly weeks to get it done – weeks I would have to spend inside the house – but there was no other choice.
And plan B was to burn that fucker to the ground.
Det. Hernandez still had to bring me into the station house for questioning, which we did directly after our stop at the lake. He asked me questions and I answered honestly; and it was all recorded by the camera behind the one–way mirror. Nothing new was discussed; just a thorough recounting of the details.
When we were done, Det. Hernandez dropped me back off at the house. He got out and walked a good distance away from the vehicle to talk with me. (I was beginning to assume the car was bugged and that’s why he refused to talk about these things there.) Our conversation was brief; he had a storage locker #187 with a combination lock. The code to the lock: 1–11–21. He would get the supplies we had talked about and put them there. Meanwhile, I’d begin work on the house.
It would be set–up for a warzone.

About two weeks later, I finished working on the house.
Det. Hernandez had continued putting supplies into his storage container: GPS devices, small cameras that were easily hidden, tiny mics, infrared cameras, and so on. I mostly spent my money on weapons, like a Mossberg shotgun and several containers of gasoline in case the house needed a quick cleansing; I also got smoke canisters, trip–wire, a taser (which I attached to my hip) and extra cartridges, to use for gunpowder.
Different officers brought me to the station house two additional times for questioning but no charges were filed against me for either the disappearance of Kay or the murder of my neighbor.
Everything was going to plan – working inside the house during daylight hours, dispatching, sleeping in my car, restocking supplies – that is, until one day…when Det. Hernandez stopped putting things in the storage facility. I called his cell but no answer. I called the department but couldn’t reach him. He had given me his home address on the off–chance I’d need it. Since I couldn’t seem to locate him, I deemed it necessary to pay him a visit.
So I went to Det. Hernandez’s house.
First thing I noticed was that his apartment door wasn’t locked; second was the stench, one that was becoming familiar to me. Like putrid milk and burnt hair. It was acrid and eye–watering and completely overwhelming the moment I entered.
The apartment was bare, even more so than mine – table to eat at, one chair, small couch, smaller television. The dishes were piled in the sink and flies were buzzing all over them. The fridge door was partially open and everything inside had spoiled.
I called out the Detective’s name but get no answer.
The lights were off and when I tried to turn them on, nothing happened; either the power to the apartment had been shut off or the light bulbs had all been broken or removed – a bad sign, either way. I had to use my phone flashlight, which gave off an sickly white light and made everything eerie and unnaturally still.
There wasn’t any blood on the floor, which was pretty much the only thing I found reassuring. The living room was empty. And the kitchen was empty (aside from the flies). And the bedroom was empty. And the bathroom—well, the shower curtain obscured the tub but it was otherwise empty.
The smell was much more intense when I entered the bathroom and that’s when I was certain—something horrible was waiting behind the curtain.
The sink had items strew everywhere, obvious signs of a struggle.
I kept the sickly light focused on the curtain as I approached.
There was a crumpled shape on the other side.
My hands were shaking when I reached out, took hold of the plastic curtain—and yanked it back.
Det. Hernandez lay in the tub…
His head had been twisted so hard that his chin rest on his back.

7
I took a moment to puke in the bathroom sink. I’d seen a lot of awful stuff but that was a first for me. His expression was horrified, his tongue blackened and hanging out the side of his mouth. Someone had just dumped him and it made me so sad, like they considered him trash. He had been the only person that was on my side; now I was alone again. I can’t tell you how selfish that (still) makes me feel, to see a dead man and think about myself…but I’ve been alone for so long. Then Kay. Then the Detective.
Goddamnit.
—I regained composure. I washed the puke out of the sink. I wiped my fingerprints off of everything. And I left for work, to keep up appearances.
I started my normal shift, white as a sheet. Two of my coworkers made comments, asking if the walls in my house started bleeding yet, or had I fallen out any windows lately – but I played it off as sick, and that life was otherwise fine.
The twelve–hour shift was relatively uneventful, until…
“Alpha–one–one–zero–one, what’s your emergency?”
A familiar sound – a child giggling.
I could hear something in the background, distant but distinct: a woman crying. And she was saying the same word over and over: “…help.” It was more of a moan than a statement. And I knew then, instantly, that it was Kay.
The child giggled again and I could hear the phone shake, movement, and Kay’s crying suddenly became screams of agony.
I jerked and backed away from my desk in horror, the headset ripping off my ears. The sound had scared me so bad it was as if it had happened right in front of me, and that’s how I reacted. But I have to tell you – after everything I’d been through, my fear was constantly fading into determination. First I’d be horrified; then I’d plan. Same thing had happened at Detective Hernandez’s house…
No one would believe me anymore; and whoever murdered him must’ve done so because he knew something they didn’t want him to know. But what could he have possibly found out…?
I told everyone at work that I still felt sick and needed to leave immediately, which they all believed as I had again turned pale.
But before I went home, there were a few more stops…

Kay had been gone for weeks but now I was ready. I set half a dozen lamps around the house, each in the center of the room and each plugged into the socket controlled by the light switch; then, I opened and filled light bulbs with a single shotgun’s shell of gunpowder before screwing them into each lamp.
I made tripwire alerts outside every closet and door using firecrackers, wood matches, and non–tensile fishing wire.
I reinforced every door and window with steel, from the inside – not just to slow police from breaking in (which I knew would come sooner or later) but also to prevent the inside from breaking out.
Each room got a small, Lego–sized infrared camera (courtesy of Det. Hernandez) so I could see body–heat in the darkness.
I also bought a parakeet on my way home…not for defense, not as an alert or weapon or anything – just company. I named him Tweeters and kept him with me in the living room, which I made my base of operations. I just didn’t want to be alone for this.
And there were canisters of gasoline in each hallway, as well as the kitchen, each with a soaked tee–shirt fuse.
This is going to end one way or another…
And, as the sun set on my final day in that house, Tweeters tweeted from his cage beside me while I watched an iPad switch between the infrared cameras stationed all over the house. The center of the living room was constructed like a fort from my youth, a blanket stretched over–top from couch to chair to chair, and me hiding beneath – except I didn’t have a loaded shotgun with me when I was a kid. (I also had a taser strapped to my hip, in case all else failed.) I’m not sure why I decided to make my last stand in a blanket fort but, no lie, it definitely helped. I felt safe under there.
The only downside was that the fort was still kind of close to the circular ring of blood and gore left on the carpet by the pile of dead animals.
“So, Tweeters, tell me a little bit about yourself…” Tweeters was blue and yellow and he twerped and hopped around and ate some seeds. “Really? That’s super interesting,” I replied. This was how I would stay sane. “Got any favorite movies?”…“Oh , you’re more of a reader, huh? Not much good out in theaters these days anyway. Big Will Smith fan?”…“Me too.”…sigh…“I need a friend, Tweeters. You a friend?” He happily twerped again; I gave an appreciative nod. “Glad to hear it, buddy.” And I was, I really was.
There was a long period of dark nothing—and then, as is life, everything happened at once.
It was crawling, that’s what I noticed first. Something scurried out of the closet on all fours. It was the empty room on the second floor. Their movement had been slow at first – so slow that I wouldn’t have noticed if it weren’t for the body–heat image. I clicked the screen so it stopped scrolling through the other angles and remained on that one. The room was pitch–black and the person…they seemed to round a corner that didn’t exist in the closet and emerged out of nothing. I had no idea what it could be – mangled human, weird creature, giant spider…whatever it was crawled out—and somehow, even in complete darkness, still noticed the tripwire and was careful not to touch it.
But something much closer wasn’t as careful—tssssss BOOM—and, not ten feet away, the tripwire in the kitchen went off.
Something else was with me, much closer.
I changed to the kitchen camera – nothing there. I switched to the other cameras – nothing…until I got to the one in the living room, just overhead, and that’s when I saw someone. It was definitely a person, and a big one at that. Tall and squared, like Frankenstein’s monster. My body–heat was half–masked by the blanket in the center of the room—and standing just outside the blanket fort was someone else. They weren’t moving; they just stared down at the blanket, at me. Looming. Lurking.
I grabbed the shotgun and pointed up and pulled the trigger.
The concussive blast made me deaf and disoriented – and the explosive shock instantly killed Tweeters. (Poor little guy didn’t even make it a day with me.) I pulled the smoking blanket off and found—no one. The living room was empty again. I checked the cameras and the figure was gone. But not the thing in the empty room upstairs – something was still crawling around up there.
The last thing Det. Hernandez gave me was an old pair of night–vision goggles and I pulled them over my eyes and leapt to my feet. Shotgun stock against my shoulder, I moved from the living room to the stairs, checking each corner. Nothing. I was moving quickly – and didn’t check the other rooms on the second floor, just ran straight to the empty room and kicked the door in and – turning my head away – I flicked the light switch.
The room exploded in sparks from the gun–powder light bulb.
And then—tssssss BOOM—the tripwire outside the closet was triggered.
A squeal – something small and frightened.
I rushed in—and that’s when I found it, when I trapped it, when I held it down with the shotgun aimed square at its face…
A child. Just a dirty kid with crooked teeth, a girl no older than ten.
I kept her pinned down with my foot.
“Where did you come from?!” I screamed.
The child whimpered and wiggled, distraught. When she did speak, the language was unrecognizable – I wasn’t even sure, it could have been gibberish.
Sirens in the distance. The screech of swerving tires in my neighborhood.
The police were coming for me.
8
I miss the days when I’d cook dinner. Most people don’t know this about me but I’m actually an amazing cook, and the best nights were the poor, lazy nights when I’d have to use whatever ingredients I could find in the kitchen to cook a meal. Box of ziti. Boil water with salt and then drop it in for about eleven minutes at a constant boil; then, the sauce. While the pasta drains, mix whatever pieces to make the puzzle complete. Onion and garlic, browned. Ragoo sauce with cream cheese, rosemary, and oregano. Mix the pasta into the sauce, stir, then layer into a glass dish with sour cream and extra cheese in each layer, topped with a heavy dose of parmesan. Bake for 20, 30 minutes. Maybe a glass of red wine with dinner, Pinot Noir.
It’s easy to take for granted the mundane.
So there I was, shotgun to the head of a child while screaming, “Where did you come from?!”—when there were sirens in the distance. The screech of swerving tires in my neighborhood. It was the police – and they were coming for me.
Come to find out later:
County dispatch had listened to the recording of my last call before I left work – 6 seconds of childish giggling, a woman (Kay) crying for help—then screaming in agony, all from an untraceable number without a GPS location. That’s also about the time when a nearby unit checked on Det. Hernandez after he didn’t report in for his shift. That was it. Kay’s disappearance. My neighbor’s death. Det. Hernandez’s murder. (And they didn’t even know about Tweeters yet.) With all that, the police felt they had enough evidence (albeit circumstantial) to scare a confession out of me. So they sent the Special Crimes Unit over.
What the SCU didn’t expect, however, was to find my house engulfed in flame as they arrived – which it most certainly was. In fact, they parked their cruisers and the van about a half–block away – just in time for the fire to reach a gas can in the living room. The explosion was so big it blew out the entire face of the house. A second explosion collapsed the top floor into a giant pile of rubble, one that burned higher and brighter than anything the town had even seen. (Pieces of my bedroom landed over two blocks away.)
I didn’t blow up with it, obviously.
I had had the young girl pinned down when the distant sirens distracted me – and it was just enough for the child to wiggle free and scurry toward the closet. A shooting pain in my right shoulder stopped from me from following her—the pain shot to my fingertips like ice in the bloodstream. My teeth clenched so hard they almost broke. I had never been stabbed before – and it’s something I highly recommend avoiding when possible. Easily, far and away, hands–down the worst pain I’ve ever felt in my life. My whole body became so sensitive, it was as if I could feel the tissue and muscle tearing on a cellular level – and the tip of the blade penetrated through the scapula bone itself. Even the goddamn bone got stabbed. And it was right in the back, in the right shoulder.
The child reached the closet and pushed back the crawl space in the wall and slid into the darkness of an extremely narrow passage that went straight down. It had been something I found before, a slim, dead drop down to a wood frame. (Believe me I had looked into it…though that may have been the problem – I hadn’t done much more than look. It was a normal crawl space, part of the interior between the first and second floors of all houses; but that’s not all it was, apparently, as the child disappeared head first down it.)
I spun around to find the neighbor magician behind me, bloody knife in hand.
The night–vision goggles gave me a bit of an advantage—he lunged and I was able to dodge, jump out of the way – closer to the window.
It’s not too late to pull a Richie…
The thought was quickly dismissed.
The neighbor magician had looked creepy in the back of my car—but he was exponentially more terrifying in the green contrast of night–vision. His face was flecked with peeling make–up and a black specks – I couldn’t tell if it was dirt or blood; I could barely even make out a human face. He was taller than me, too, and his long hair was matted and dreading. He wore the same stovepipe hat, and the same dark tuxedo – but his eyes, they burned with fury.
I’m not a fighter. In my whole life I’ve maybe been in two fights and both were in grade school. (Not to brag but I was the victor in both.) With the neighbor magician, it wasn’t like a fight, though; it was far different, something my body had never experienced before. Not just the stab wound slowing me down, or that the fisticuffs were in night–vision, but that this confrontation was unlike any other I had ever been in because this stranger genuinely wanted me dead. There’s nothing like it, to come face–to–face with an enemy trying to end you. Life makes a bit more sense, in a way. It was a moment when I understood there were no longer rules; just life. It’s not exactly horrifying, as one might imagine, but entirely visceral – blood pumping adrenaline, the mind sharper, time slower.
I raised the shotgun before he could lunge again—and, even in the darkness, he knew what was coming. The neighbor magician jumped out of the room and I fired two following shots into the wall, in the direction he leapt. The blasts were enormous, gaping holes in the wall – big enough for me to see through the hallway and into the bathroom and closet. It was hard to aim as each shot not only released an echoing BOOM but also a blinding light to the goggles. I cocked the shotgun—snick–snick as the empty cartridge hit the floor, smoking—and then fired a third shot downward, at the spot on the floor where he must’ve landed. Not only did the third shot miss him entirely but the buckshot nicked the plastic gas canister at the end of the hallway. Unlike in the movies, however, the gas can did not instantly burst into flame and explode—but gasoline did leak down the hallway and into my bedroom.
I stepped into the hall but didn’t see him. I froze a moment (probably a stupid expression on my face), unsure if I should follow him or the kid. (I wasn’t even certain I’d fit down that narrow–ass crawl space.) But I could still feel his presence – the neighbor magician was still around, somewhere. Waiting. And I wasn’t about to turn my back on him again.
So I began moving down the hallway, shotgun stock against my shoulder.
Nothing in the closet.
Nothing in the bathroom.
Nothing in the stairwell—and that’s when he jumped out of the bedroom and slashed at me. I happened to shield myself using the metal of the shotgun—and as much as I want to say I blocked him because I’m super–badass, the truth is that it was the result of reflex and complete accident. I had been startled and the blade was hit away by the barrel of the shotgun, but it was as I threw the shotgun, completely off–guard and panicking and frightened. It did give me one extra second’s jump on him, just enough time to kick the neighbor magician backwards, deeper into the bedroom and away from me.
He didn’t fall down but remained standing, ready to rush back.
So I flicked the light switch.
Life was slow motion for a moment:
The lamp had been to the side of the bedroom and set up like the others. When the electrical current hit the gunpowder in the bulb – sparks, a trillion of them in every direction like diamond–shaped supernovas. It was probably beautiful – I wouldn’t know, it was blinding to the night–vision goggles and I had to quickly pull them up on my forehead. I swiveled back into the hallway just as—tssssss BOOM—another tripwire went off inside the bedroom with the neighbor magician. I’m not sure which of the two caused the first spark to ignite the gasoline that had soaked into the bedroom floor from the plastic container in the hallway—but the fire was instant, thin and almost imperceptible but for the occasional flicker of orange and yellow. It spread through the bedroom and consumed the neighbor magician toe–to–head in a flood. I was already twisting, turned and running down the hallway, back to the empty room. The fire spread and I could feel the heat even without seeing the flame. I smashed into the closet of the empty room so hard that the plaster cracked and shattered—and then I fucking howled because it had been my stabbed shoulder that broke my momentum. The pain almost caused me to faint. It was easy to crumble down to my hands and knees, especially since it was away from the black, billowing smoke. With my last bit of strength, I kicked myself forward, squeezing into the crawl space, my body stuck—then, just barely, it fit—then, I was tumbling straight down, free–falling in darkness.
It felt like for a moment floating—but then I landed.
My head hit something solid.
And I was out cold.
9
Everything wasn’t just dark but absolute blackness—like a vacuum. Deep space had more light than the area where I woke. It didn’t even feel like reality, like maybe it was a fevered dream, some awful nightmare I couldn’t escape…but the pain made it real—so. very. real.
The ground was dirt and rock and it was agonizing to crawl forward. My right shoulder had been stabbed and my entire back was sticky and warm; there was so much blood that it was even seeping around front into my armpit. My head was bleeding from a wound on my forehead or on the top of my head, and it was trickling blood into my left eye – which stung and partially blinded me. I even tore open the gash in my arm (from when I was pushed out the window), an old wound which had only recently gotten the stitches removed. My body and clothes were also covered in ash and sweat from the fire. Dirt and rubble had stuck to my bare skin and open wounds from the crumbling house and wherever the fuck I had landed—and then I remembered: the house, it had been burning, collapsing, smoke and fire everywhere…but here I was, somehow okay.
I felt around, trying to get a bearing of my situation. My hand crossed over something that felt an awful lot like human hair—but it quickly pulled away.
I instinctively pulled my hand back, horrified.
Something skittered in the darkness and I froze.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck this isn’t good, I though.
I was well-aware that my situation, somehow, never got better but instead had gone from bad to worse to the last–fucking–place–on–Earth–anyone–would–ever–want–to–end–up. I did have a bit of luck as I felt the plastic of my night–vision goggles. I had lifted them up on my forehead when the fire started, when it got too bright; and they must have fallen off as I tumbled into the dark pit. The luck was truncated, though (as is my life). Only one of the lenses worked, the left – which happened to be the same eye that was hindered by the blood dripping into it.
I spit on the neck–line of my shirt and tried my best to wipe the blood from my left eye, and then put on the goggles—and immediately saw, in the neon green, two glistening eyes staring back. They glared from behind long, dirty hair; every other feature was hidden but for the cat–like, searing eyes. It was a human, and slender, I could tell, and they were wearing tattered, shredded clothes. (I’m only slightly embarrassed to admit that some bodily functions released the moment I saw someone not twenty feet from me.)
This emaciated person remained in place, their eyes watching me squirm…and then, slowly, they held out an arm…and extended their boney index finger…and then, ever so gently, they curled the finger, motioning for me to follow. The arm lowered again to their side, and the person turned and lumbered forward, disappearing down the dark corridor ahead – and behind them, the person dragged a dead housecat by the tail.
My obvious instinct was to head in any other direction – of which there were several, each a dark tunnel burrowed through dirt. I assumed we were well–below my house but I wasn’t certain how far or even where, exactly. I did find that almost all of the tunnels led to dead–ends that only went straight up. I wasn’t sure how they were able to do it but it seemed like, whoever was using these tunnels, they were actually crawling vertically up the dirt wall and, presumably, into different areas of my house. Or other houses. Or both. (There were a good amount of tunnels.)
There was one tunnel that didn’t lead to a dead–end and, of course, it was the one in which the horrifying stranger had disappeared. I didn’t follow at first; I stayed and contemplated if I should just lay there forever. Maybe someone would find me, eventually, when they dug through the rubble of my house…unless all the tunnels upward had collapsed with it. (Many of them visibly had.)
Also, as if it wasn’t already enough, the cave–like tunnel rumbled slightly with an ominous noise, an echoing, shaky wheeze like a nearby giant had just sighed. It was bizarre and completely random and only lasted about thirty seconds – but goddamn it was terrifying. I literally thought it was my life ending, for a moment. But then it stopped, and everything became silent, and I began to feel more helpless in the dead–end of a cave.
The shotgun hadn’t made it down with me so I had no weapon – except a nearby rock, which I grabbed and clung to like a pillow.
And then, quite hesitantly, I followed down the narrow tunnel…
It couldn’t have been more than 6ft tall by 4ft wide, the dirt walls covered in tiny scratches; and I couldn’t tell if the tunnel had been dug out by a hundred hands—or if countless people had struggled while being dragged there against their will. Maybe both (though the soil was hard and mostly rock, which I’d assume to be impossible to dig through by hand).
I stepped over the skinned housecat that the creeper had been dragging (must’ve just gotten bored with it and left it), and I followed along, close against the wall, when a light in the distance got bright enough for me to remove the night–vision goggles. And I could see something ahead. The tunnel, just before the light, became more jagged – and then it opened up. I could see concrete, and an overhead light, all of which made me more hesitant…but I continued, cautiously.
I reached the end, where the dirt became jagged and broken concrete, and then I emerged out a massive crack in the concrete wall to the other side, into something else entirely…
It was like a bomb shelter only much larger, like a fall–out bunker for soldiers.
The room in which I stood felt weirdly normal – a small bookcase to the side filled with old books, a purple area rug in the center, trophies and art on the walls, and the sweet scent of lilies. It was a warm, friendly environment.
“…the fuck?” I murmured, absolutely bewildered.
Again, there was a shaky wheeze that rumbled, this time much louder – and I could better identify it. The sound was from the bunker’s central air, either a purifier or air conditioning, something. As the sound filled the room in which I stood, so did a soft, cool breeze.
Faint music whispered down the concrete corridor to me – German opera.
The recording was scratchy, playing from a record.
Again I had blood in my eye so I grabbed a nearby piece of cloth and wiped away the blood—and that’s when the long–haired, lanky creeper passed by the doorway. I hugged the rock, not as a weapon but for comfort. The stranger kept going, though. I could see a hallway outside the room. As there was no real option to go back (and no better weapons in the room), I continued on with just my rock.
The music was louder in the long, plain hallway. It was grey concrete floor–to–ceiling, with no decoration. Both ways were clean and well–lit, and I saw the creeper, lumbering on, turn into a room to the right; it also sounded as if that was where the music was coming from – if not that room then close by it. The other direction down the hallway led to seemingly more doorways similar to the one I was standing in. Each room had a heavy door, all of which were closed but the one to the right.
I was slow entering the hallway.
Instead of investigating the many rooms, where any number of horrors were probably hiding, I just followed the long–haired, lanky creeper – at least they seemed weak and easy to overcome if they suddenly attacked me. I was also pretty sure it was a female, like the emaciated, one–armed woman who had stumbled into my bedroom that day.
Each room I passed had reinforced doors that were all closed.
Each also had a small, thick window, but I couldn’t see inside as they were all completely dark.
The music got louder as I approached the open doorway to the right…
Inside was a pleasant enough dining area, with a table set for six—but the table was otherwise empty, aside from one familiar face…
“You smell like piss, Richie. Have a seat,” instructed Chief Harber, calling out to be heard over the German opera. He was sitting with one leg over his knee, smoking a pipe, but leaned back to turn down the music on the record player and then pointed a finger at a chair across the table from him.
The long–haired, emaciated female was standing quietly in the back of the room, facing the corner.
He was a large man, older but obviously ex–military and still extremely intimidating; and, as if that wasn’t enough, he had a Luger pistol on the plate in front of him.
I did as I was told and took a seat.
“It’s nice, ain’t it?” he asked.
Having been through so much by then – so much madness and danger and horror – that sitting in the chair felt amazing, such a relief to be off my feet and able to just rest and bleed without moving. The blood had overwhelmed my left eye so it just remained closed and I glanced around, not really taking in the details.
Chief Harber puffed on his pipe, eyeing me up; then he looked around.
“Amazin’ it’s held up as well, considering it was built in the forties,” marveled the Chief in his low, gruff tone, “built specifically for them sum’bitch Nazis who were just too important to try at Nuremberg. Too evil to live in normal society but…too smart to die, I guess.” His voice was contemplative, just as it had been when I first met him – in my hospital bed, weeks earlier. “And they were just the original residents – never thought I’d say this but the bastards that came after were even worse. Dictators, war–lords, mass–murderers – Government can’t just have them walking around, though, can they?—so stuff ‘em in a deep god’amn hole where no one’d ever think to look.”
A part of me heard him talking but my brain wasn’t able to comprehend much more than a single detail at a time: the reflective china of the dishes; the words “sum’bitch” and “Nazis”; the tattered clothes of the emaciated woman in the corner; “mass–murderers”; a bottle of wine in the center of the table…
The Chief noticed me noticing the bottle of French red and he stood and poured me a glass, explaining the year and vineyard—I heard none of it, grasped the wineglass and chugged the sweet liquid, and then held it out for more before he could even return to his seat. The Chief obliged and poured me another glass, then poured himself one, and then he returned to his seat.
“I’ve gotta kill you,” he said, rather matter–of–factly. “You know that, right? Just like your nosy neighbor, and the detective…” He looked me over and added, as an afterthought, “Won’t make much of a meal, though – will ya…”
I nodded. Whatever, dude. I was about as close to the end of my rope as I could reach, so I just sipped the wine. He did the same. We shared a quiet moment—then, the Chief turned toward the emaciated woman in the corner.
“Kay, grab us the Bordeaux on the top shelf,” he ordered.
The long–haired woman stumbled a bit, turning away from the corner, and then, slowly, shuffled out of the room toward wherever the wine was kept. I couldn’t even recognize her; she’d lost thirty pounds, at least. Her arms were rail–thin and her hair was so dirty and matted that it blocked any real detail of her face, which was too caked in dirt to make out anyway.
Learning this woke me up—learning that the poor creature from the tunnel was actually Kay—this reinvigorated me, helped my adrenaline start up again, helped my mind focus – and then, carefully, I began to take in the details around me. I did my best not to show much emotion, shuffling in my seat a little to sit up and better drink my glass of wine. (There was a steak knife on the table.) My left eye remained mostly closed but the blood had started to congeal and I could squint through the sting.
The Chief wasn’t much led on by this; he rested a hand on the Luger and smirked.
“Sorry, the kids just wanted Kay more than you. And after the last girl was barren—and then escaped before they could finish with her – yah know, they just needed a new…uh, well, mom, I guess. And they weren’t gonna get any more brothers and sisters without one so – they did what they had to.” He gave an accepting nod.
I finished my glass of wine, set it on the table, and then slouched, letting my hands rest on my hips.
Kay shuffled back into the room with a bottle of wine in her hands. She seemed defeated, unable to speak, barely able to function. I didn’t know what he had done to her in the weeks since I’d seen her but it must’ve been hell.
The Chief looked from me to Kay, then back to me, studying my expression. I showed none, not because I was successfully hiding them but because I was actually focusing on something else.
Chief Harber dismissed me for the moment and leaned forward to examine the label on the bottle of wine.
“I told you to get the BORDEAUX!—” he scolded her, raising a fist.
But I stopped him.
zzz—zzzzzzzzt—zzzzzzzzzzzzt
After I finished my glass of wine, I rest my hands on my hip—and realized something was still with me, something that had been with me since the blanket fort. And I only remembered it when my hand accidentally rest on it. Because of the dirt and grime and soot on my clothes, the rectangle had remained well–hidden.
I barely moved, as it was excruciating to lift my right arm any distance, but the moment his eyes were off me, I lifted my hand about two feet—and the taser caught him right in the throat. Chief Harber jerked as 50,000 volts hit him hard, knocking him back into the chair; and he remained tensely seated upright as 1,200 volts continued pulsing through him, effectively shutting down his nervous system.
I sat the taser on the plate but remained seated, unable to move much; I had lost enough blood that life was getting a bit harder and harder to hold on to. I did stay conscious, though, watching.
Chief Harber’s eyes were wide with shock, his rough, stubbled face beat red and shaking.
Kay gazed down at him. And then she slowly lifted her chin so I could see the innocent, confused expression on her face. Her eyes followed the line from the taser on the plate to Chief Harber’s throat. Her frail body kind of swayed as she stared at the Chief.
The taser had lost its charge and stopped pulsing but Chief Harber didn’t seem able to control his body anymore, momentarily frozen with a stupid expression on his face – but he did have enough energy to focus his eyes on Kay, at least for a brief moment.
As if her fingers were made of glass, Kay delicately picked up a steak knife from the table. She wasn’t aggressive but more thoughtful, gentle even, as she slowly stuck the blade into Chief Harber’s throat. The blood dribbled at first, the blade just sliding deeper and deeper without much resistance. The sinew tore against the ribs of the blade—and then I could visibly see the outline of an artery just as it severed. Blood gushed all of Kay’s hair and face and tattered clothes but she didn’t react, her eyes on Chief Harber as if distracted by a twerping bird just outside the window.
The room actually felt brighter in the moment his life ended.
And his eyes never closed.
Kay carefully bent forward and took a small key ring off of the Chief’s belt, then shuffled over to me, her clothes and face dripping blood. With a small motion of her shoulder, she suggested I get up and follow her. I wasn’t certain if I could but I tried nonetheless—and though my legs were wobbly, I found that I could still stand.
Kay waited for me in the hallway outside the room. Several of the bunker rooms were opened and I could feel eyes watching us as we passed—but no one came at us. We found no further fight. Perhaps the most surprising action was when Kay took my hand in hers.
And so, hand–in–hand, we left the bunker.
music cue
10
I wish I could say that Kay and I walked out of that bunker hand–in–hand, and faced the dawn together, and everything that followed was rainbows and sunshine…but that’s not real life, is it?
My Kay…
The timeline in my non–fiction writing is always messy, exprès – that is to say, it’s meant to be messy. Sometimes things read as if they’re occurring now, or yesterday, or ten years ago – and it’s because the moment a reader can figure out the day and date, there’s a much greater chance of them finding the real crime, which then might compromise the situation or identities of those involved.
So when I say that Kay’s still recovering, I can’t tell you how long it’s been. But I can tell you that I visit her often. I can also tell you that, whenever I enter the room, her eyes light up; the doctor says I’m the only person she does it for. And I can tell you that she’s started communicating with us, which has been an amazing step in her recovery. I love my Kay dearly, I always will…and she’s my focal point, the one good thing in this world that keeps me circling the shallows instead of treading into the deep–end.
My Kay…
I also gathered the ashes from Tweeter’s cage and spread them at sea, just as he would’ve wanted; followed by a moment of silence, and then a quick reminder that Tweeters was more of a reader than theater–goer. (I think he would’ve liked the ceremony.)
The town I left has remained quiet. There was more to the story, so much more at play than I ever realized, but no one knows because there were never any news stories, no national reporters flooding the area, nothing; in fact, the only parts that made it into the local paper were the house fire and the deaths of Detective Hernandez (considered an accident in the shower) and Chief Harber (heart attack).
The FBI showed up and did a quick sweep and covered everything up, as they always do I’ve come to learn. (They’re like the highest–level janitors.) I wasn’t arrested, as I feared, because everything – and I mean everything – was swept under the rug.
They did give peace offerings – something that surprised me. In exchange for my silence (so keep this whole thing on the DL), the US government gave me a check for the amount I had paid into the house (it wasn’t much) and Kay’s health insurance bills will be covered forever; after that, it was a quick handshake by a federal agent named Johnson—and then everyone was sent off while the evidence was destroyed.
The end.
I was able to get a small amount of the real story, pieced together by evidence and assumption and the small amount I overheard from the local police while they were looking after Kay and I in the days following the event:
The initial “drug raid” that led to the seizure of the house had not, in fact, been a drug raid at all. The residents had gone mad after months of “haunting” by bunker mutants that had dug their way into the house; the homeowners were terrified and armed to the teeth in the end. By the time a firefight started, and the FBI arrived, the battle wasn’t just between police and the residents – who were shooting at everything – but several of the CHUDs, as well. (C.H.U.D. is the term I’ve come to use in reference of the bunker mutants – it means Chief Harber’s Underground Dwellers.)
And then the FBI came around just long enough to label the situation a “drug bust” while doing a shitty job to make sure the lid was sealed on a situation they already knew existed – a result of the habitation of war criminals with knowledge too valuable to the US Government to destroy. The bunker had actually been shut down in the 80s when President Regan cut funding and effectively shut down many operations, including this one – but instead of dealing with it, the US government just threw away the key. The few remaining criminals were supposed to die in their hole; more than one of them didn’t.
(The only thing I still don’t understand: the overdoses. After this, the epidemic of heroin overdoses decreased by 75%. I don’t know if maybe the people in the house were selling drugs or if the police had made a recent drug bust and used it to mask this situation or what; no one ever answered that question for me.)
It’s believed that Chief Harber learned of the bunker when he caught the last living war criminal – a Serbian who had escaped the bunker, murdered a family, and then lived in their house for decades. They pieced things together by using the bloodline of the four adult men and seven children they found living in the bunker rooms and surrounding tunnels: several had genetic defects from generations of inbreeding and were descendants of some of the worst murderers in history (several of which had long–been considered dead); and the youngest children were birthed by missing women (whose remains were found cannibalized) and they were all directly descended from Chief Harber…in fact, they found evidence of so many dwellers in that bunker that they were never certain that all of them had been found.
I’m not going into much detail of what Chief Harber used that bunker for, only that an inherently evil person had stumbled onto a secret which they then used to live out there sickest fantasies…but we put an end to it, luckily.
As for me, dispatch put me on indefinite leave so I was immediately homeless and jobless – with only a small amount of money. So I did what anyone would do: started an unlicensed private investigations business called The Richard Cunning Detective Agency – well, really I just got an llc., printed some business cards, made a website, and accepted a request to help someone find their missing sister (more on that in a bit). And, out of all those things, the hardest decision to make, weirdly, was in choosing a name for the website. I thought about it for a long time: I didn’t just need a name that told people Richard Cunning had started a detective agency but also a name that needed to be subversive, inviting but informational, memorable yet subtle…and then it came to me:
thecunningdick.com
Perfect, you know.


CAROLINAS
1
Someone messaged me asking for help. They had been reading my work and thought that I might be able to offer a unique perspective on their situation: five people (including this person’s sister) had set out to hike the Appalachian Trail and all of them were now considered missing.
But, there was something else…
When their sister hadn’t checked-in in over 48 hours, this person went over to the sister’s house and logged onto her iCloud account, since they knew that their sister would have been filming the whole trip (something she always did). And there, on the iCloud drive, was over 90+ hours of streaming GoPro footage of the five missing people…footage that was troubling, to say the least.
So this person handed everything over to the police, who then watched the footage—and immediately released an alert to the surrounding areas and began a missing-persons’ search. But before they handed the footage over, this person also made a copy – and they were requesting that I come to the area and have a look at it. Their thinking was: after everything I’d been through, maybe I might notice something that other people wouldn’t even know to look for.
Now let me tell you the reason I agreed to help, because it’s absolutely ridiculous: I had just watched an internet video where a group of small monkeys thought they had killed a robotic baby monkey and the group came together to mourn for it. I had just watched this video while dicking off on the internet, and when I went back to business and found the personal message, I instantly thought, If I can help someone, I should try. (So, just to recap: an internet video about sad monkeys led me to accept one of the most disturbing cases I’ve ever seen.)
So, off I went into the American southeast - and, the day after receiving the message, I arrived at a seedy motel (that had come “highly recommended” by the person who contacted me so I thought, Why not?). I always travel with a comfy pillow and my lucky rock, which I’ve come to call Rock Hudson ‘cause I’m not especially clever. I’ve learned over time that I can’t have animals so Rock Hudson has to do.
I set-up my laptop on the motel table, made sure Rock Hudson was comfy in the bathroom, and then sat at my computer, comfy pillow behind me, to make contact with the person who had asked for my help – but, this time, I got no response. We hadn’t contacted each other more than a few times so it wasn’t especially strange, and it didn’t slow me down: five people were still missing in the woods and I was there to help find them as best I could – so off to work I went.
First thing, I researched the five missing individual using what little public information I could find. They were: an attractive married couple from Philadelphia, an overweight male from Tennessee, an outdoorsy female who had set up the event (the sister), and a political science major from Raleigh.
Aside from the Philadelphia couple, there wasn’t much to be found on the others:
The overweight guy from Tennessee was trying to lose weight and really liked Lynyrd Skynyrd (who doesn’t, though?!) – let’s call him Craig.
The sister was a private person who liked to hike in her spare time. She hadn’t left much of an impression on the internet but I did find the original page where she had set up the hiking trip – let’s call her Jen.
The political science major was pro–choice and ultra–liberal (his twitter stream was non-stop politics) and he was cynical and kind of condescending – let’s call him Mike.
And then there was the married couple from Philadelphia, who had a ridiculous amount of information spread across every social media platform imaginable. They were both extremely attractive and covered in tattoos (which I knew because there was plenty pics of them butt-ass naked), and they had gone on this trip to strengthen their relationship (or so they claimed on FB; I even learned that the woman had begun taking hot yoga and it was helping her bowels – thanks internet!). The woman was a hair dresser for a fancy salon and the man was a bartender – let’s call them John and Sonya.
The only piece of information that the police had revealed was that all of their cell phones had been destroyed at the same time, way off path from the Appalachian Trail and in the middle of nowhere.
The police had already well-searched the last known location of the missing people but found nothing, not even the evidence of a campsite – just miles of winter forest; in fact, to me, the site seemed random – a little too random, maybe even purposefully random. Their last GPS location then served as the epicenter of the missing persons’ search – from there, volunteers were heading out in all directions…and I volunteered to join the searches on the same day I arrived (though I did so without saying who I was or why I’d come).
Since it was so late in the day, I was only able to register as a volunteer and learn a bit about the area before it was nightfall and the search party was recalled.
That first night I returned to the motel after dark. I walked into my room, removed my dirty clothes, gave Rock Hudson a quick pet and a spritz of water, and put a foot into the shower—
RING RING RING
No one knew I was there, so I waited bare-ass naked a moment before…
“Hello?” I answered.
“It’s the front desk,” said an old voice. “Package here fer ya.”
I quickly washed off in the shower and dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt (my relaxation-mode clothes, really) and then went down to the front desk. The old man behind the front counter pushed a small, iPhone–sized manila package at me, which I grabbed.
Neither of us said anything…so I just backed out of the lobby and left, which was kind of awkward on my part, I guess.
I examined the package once I was back in my room: no return-address, no postage or the address for the motel – just my name.
Meaning, someone had personally dropped it off…which was creepy (something I always assume is a bad sign – especially in the beginning) but, in this situation, I understood. The person who contacted me was being careful.
I called the front desk.
“Yea, what now?” the old man at the front desk answered.
“Hey, can you tell me who dropped off this package?” I inquired.
“Who’s this?” asked the old man, grumpily.
“It’s Obi-Wan Kenobi, I have the droids you’re looking for—who do you think it is?” I answered, quickly exasperated. (It had been a long day.) “I just picked up a package from the lobby. It doesn’t have any postage – do you know who dropped it off?”
“No, sir, I don’t rightly know. It was on tha desk when I come in off the commode. An’ it’s impolite to impersonate a Jedi,” he replied, gravely serious.
“I wasn’t really trying to impersonate—” I began to explain but the old man had already disconnected the line.
So, against my better judgment, I opened the package…and then, carefully, I poured its contents onto the motel room table. Plastic skittered over the wood as several SD cards fell out.
Seemed harmless enough…
And I let it play from the start.

—following a trail through the woods, mid-day. It was a bit foggy and overcast – which, according to the weather report, meant the video took place the day before their phones stopped pinging.
It also let me know that the footage I was watching had been edited in some way, as this was already two days into the trip.
The hikers weren’t often in frame, as the angle was from atop the head of Jen (the leader), but voices could be heard – and it didn’t take me long before I could identify them.
“So you don’t think he’s an absolute idiot?”
“How could he be a billionaire if he weren’t sum’kinda smart?”
Mike (the poli-sci major) was arguing politics with Craig (the chubby guy from Tennessee); it wasn’t heated or angry, more a back-and-forth on a specific political figure. Sometimes the married couple would interject, siding with Mike, but it was obvious that everyone wanted to keep a distance from engaging in politics so as not to exacerbate the situation…
“I don’t know,” replied Mike, “prolly with small pencils – on account of the tiny hands."
(Without taking a side, Mike’s political responses were often condescending and pejorative, as if he knew more than whomever he was speaking with; it actually got on my nerves very quickly. But Craig often stated “alternative” facts and a bewildering lack of reality, so…)
Not ten minutes into the footage, they all went silent…
I couldn’t tell what made them stop talking but it was obvious that something had happened, as the conversation just drifted and stopped.
They kept walking, though, just slightly off the path, toward a large rock.
Something had distracted all of them at once.
Dead silent, they surrounded whatever the rock—and then Craig busted out laughing.
He wasn’t the only one – the married couple also snickered.
“I’m not…sure this is funny. It doesn’t seem right,” Jen said, uncertain, from just below the camera. Her voice was the clearest, and this was the first time I heard it.
She sounded sweet in a kind of neurotic way.
“Haven’t you ever seen an animal sacrifice before?” sneered Craig.
The camera tilted down to get it in the shot—a stuffed animal that had been gutted and splayed on some kind of forgotten stone base.
It was more gruesome than silly.
The stuffed animal had been maliciously torn open, not cut. The insides didn’t appear to be stuffing but something stringy and black, and the blood smeared all over the stuffed animal’s chest cavity and face looked incredibly real. It was also displayed in a very specific, very purposeful way. Now, I could understand that it might be funny if you thought something was injured and went to inspect it, only to find that it was a stuffed animal—however, upon close inspection of the footage, it gave me the absolute-goddamn-willies.

And, at least to me, the whole thing looked like a warning.
“I guess it’s good it’s not real,” Mike said, trying to reassure Jen.
Jen agreed, though I could tell it still made her leery.
The group stared at the stuffed animal, and one of them poked it with a stick, but eventually they returned to the trail and kept going. The political argument resumed and I was forced to fast-forward a bit. They stopped to use the woods as a bathroom, and they sat on a downed tree for a few minutes, and the conversation turned to music.
About an hour later – when the routine had been consistently mundane and repetitive – the group had their first chilling encounter…and, this time, I could see exactly what they were looking at.
“Is that a child?” asked Jen.
Ahead of them, in the middle of nowhere, was a young girl. She was standing alone, with her head down and her face covered by long, dirty-blond hair. Her dress was black and way too big and she had something in her hand.
“Hey, where’re your parents?” John (the husband) called out as they quickly walked closer, all of them concerned.
The child remained still, standing in an unnatural pose – as if she had been hanged with an invisible the rope.
“Little girl, are you lost—holy shit, is that the stuffed animal?!” Craig wondered aloud, distracted.
He was right:
In the child’s left hand was the gutted, bloody stuffed animal they had seen earlier. It was in the girl’s hand and hanging down beside her – definitely the same stuffed animal that they had found about an hour earlier, the one splayed on the stone base. Just matching the video footage images together, I could give a 95% certainty that it was the same exact one (based mainly on the specific “blood”-spatter on the fabric).
The little girl remained still as they approached.
“Are you okay?” Jen worriedly called out.
For the first time, Sonya (the wife) was in front and joined beside her.
“How did she get the stuffed animal…and then get in front of us?” Craig asked no one in particular, and – even though Mike shushed him – it was a sound question: they left the stuffed animal behind and then traveled the path over an hour – so this child, who was alone, had somehow grabbed the bloody stuffed animal, traveled ahead of them without them seeing, and was now just waiting for them on the trail.

Once Jen was close enough, the child could be heard singing a lullaby, very low, through her hair. Her voice was high-pitched and squeaky (and I thought the words she was singing were gibberish – they weren’t), but the young girl stopped singing as the strangers get close enough, pretty much face-to-face. She lifted her head up enough to expose her face—
“Jesus Christ!” Mike whispered, horrified.
The child had no chin—that isn’t to say she didn’t have a mandible; she did. She had a jaw that was undefined at the chin – as if her mouth were below her nose and a part of the skin-wrinkles covering her throat.
“You’re all going to die,” she screamed—and then darted off, disappearing into the woods.
The group was momentarily stunned—then, they tried to follow the young girl, as she could have been lost and in danger.
A forest was no place for a child alone.
But, in chasing after her, no one could keep up…
And even though the child was gone from sight, they could still hear the faint sound of her giggling.
2
I spent most of my night studying the footage – and quickly learned how hard it is to scrutinize something so long (approx. 30 hours). Watching it in its entirety would’ve been like binge-watching the Netflix series from hell—but fast-forwarding through the footage might miss something important; something they saw, something they didn’t see, something they mentioned…but I didn’t have 30 extra hours so I’d have to cut down on time and skim small sections at twice the speed.
Aside from the gross stuffed-animal and weird, chin-less child, not much happened in the hours that followed. The five missing people would walk and talk, and occasionally rest or use the bathroom, and they eventually set up camp where something in the forest watching them from the dark, growing and closing in, dangerous and bloody and angry and ready—
I woke up to find the footage still playing on my laptop.
There was a stillness in my motel room that was particularly eerie. The air was palpably tense even though I was alone—and it was until I glanced at the screen that I knew why the room felt colder, why it felt like I was being watched, why I had woken up—and I quickly rewound the footage to understand what it was that I was looking at:

—walking, winter forest, daylight.
Mike (the poli-sci major) was pestering Craig (the chubby guy from Tennessee) about a woman. The night before, as they sat around the campfire, each of them had explained why they chose to go on the week-long hiking trip, Craig had admitted that he was doing it to lose weight so that he could look better, and feel more confident, so that he could ask out a female coworker.
“What’s she like?” Mike kept asking but Craig refused to give many details – so Mike kept needling, which seemed to be a reoccurring habit of his.
John and Sonya (the married couple) mostly kept to themselves and walked in back – but, every so often, they could be heard sharing a private joke and laughing. They seemed, by all appearances, a moderately happy couple.
Jen (the leader) remained silent but for the occasional breath; out of everyone, she was the quietest – only speaking to give direction or detail the hike ahead or plan out meals; all business, never much else.
And so was their routine—until something surprised them.
“Hey, man. You alright over there?” John called out from the far back.
Everyone stopped and turned—
“…the fuck?” I said in unison with someone else onscreen (I wasn’t sure which male).
—I quickly froze the footage. My eyes narrowed at the image on the screen. It was silly and weird and horrifying all at once, like something out of a fevered dream. If not for the tragic circumstances, it might have made me laugh. I turned the volume down and moved the video forward frame-by-frame, then back again.
In the distance stood a shirtless man wearing purple sweatpants, with burlap tied around his head and face. His body was extraordinarily muscular, and he was barefoot and holding a rusted scythe. The burlap had a red face painted on it. And he was just standing there, in an awkward pose, watching them.

I let the footage resume at normal speed to watch everyone else react to the situation.
Mike was reserved but Craig burst out laughing.
Jen gasped.
The married couple kept calling out to him, their words increasingly annoyed – until John was downright irate and his wife was snarling threats. (It was the Philly in them.)
And then, in the distance, Burle (as I’ve come to call the man wearing burlap) slowly turned around…and, very slowly, he lumbered off into the woods.
“What the fuck was that asshole doing?” Sonya asked as the group joined together.
They didn’t move on, not at first.
“There ain’t no houses this deep down the line,” Craig pointed out, speaking about the area in which they were hiking.
They could still see Burle hulking away and continued to wonder what the hell it was they’d just seen. I rewound the footage again and froze it. I leaned closer to study the image of Burle. It was so bizarrely haunting—
RING-RING-RING
“Jebus Creezy!” I cursed – the phone had startled the ever-lovin’ shit outta me.
“Police are here for yah,” grunted the old man at the front desk when I answered.
“Don’t you ever go home?” I asked him.
There was a pause.
“I am home, sir,” he answered – which was super weird…but, then his original statement sunk in.
The police were there for me?
Panic set in quickly. I dressed and ran out to the lobby – and, there, a deputy was waiting for me. I had met him the day before, at “ground zero” (that’s what they were calling the area where the missing people’s cell phones stopped pinging) and we had briefly talked when I registered for the search party. I had given my real name and where I was staying, though refrained from admitting that I had been contacted to help out. (Suffice it to say, I’ve had issues with the police.)
“Hey, Deputy…” I began, walking to greet him in the lobby and shake his hand.
“Deputy Bevin,” he introduced himself again, “but you can call me Steve.”
(I never did call him Steve.)
Deputy Bevin shook my hand with a firm, steady grip. He was shorter than me, kind of stocky, but also more muscular – perhaps not as muscular as Burlap, who was jacked, but definitely stronger than me. His attitude was laid back, which was reassuring, and even his khaki-colored Deputy’s uniform was informal – shorts and a short-sleeved shirt, weapon at his hip, two 9mm magazines, water, and cuffs in the back.
The two of us stood there a moment. I wasn’t sure why he was there but I secretly feared that he knew I had received a copy of the footage…but the Deputy just smiled at me, politely. And the old man at the counter glanced from me, to the Deputy, then back down at the copy of Cosmo he was slowly flipping through.
“So…what can I do for you?” I asked.
“You told me yesterday you got lost trying to find the search party an’ since the motel’s on my way to ground zero – thought I might stop in, offer you a ride,” the Deputy said. He had a very clear, very focused voice.
“Holy shit, good memory,” I blurted—then instantly regretted cursing.
The day before, I had briefly gotten lost searching for the search party – which, at the time, made me worry that my car might break down, thus forcing the search party to begin a secondary search for me. I briefly mentioned this to Deputy Bevin, just making conversation as he took my contact information – which I listed as the motel. The Deputy had chuckled at my joke but I wasn’t even certain he had heard me, as he was writing the entire time.
I graciously accepted the Deputy’s ride and considered it a good chance to learn more about the situation – though I quickly found that Deputy Bevin kept mum on all current investigations. The only information he’d give me on the five missing people were bits that the press had already released. I knew there was more going on – there was always more going on behind the scenes – but I wasn’t going to mention the footage since they already had a copy (even if they weren’t mentioning it to the press). They also had several days jump, as well, so every revelation to me was old news to them.
The police would have crews working on the footage; I was alone (as fucking always).
The search began each day at daybreak and ended at nightfall – but there were shifts, and we arrived in time to join the 9am party. “They’ve been missing over three days,” Deputy Bevin called out to the other volunteers at ground zero as we arrived.
The woods were dense but the foliage had withered for winter so there was a pretty clear line of sight in most directions; however, the terrain was hilly and covered in tall ridges that prevented seeing too far.
Also, Craig had been right – I hadn’t seen a house the entire time.
“Hold up,” Deputy Bevin called, running over as I set out. “I’ll join you, in case you decide to get lost again.”
I had a tail, and this was a bad sign…but, as it would have been rude to object, I agreed.
The Deputy kept a short distance from me, to better survey more land, but he stayed close enough to maintain friendly conversation.
“Is this poison ivy?” I had to ask soon after we started. There was a plant I had seen before but it was growing thicker as we went on – and I was growing concerned for the safety of my fragile skin.
Deputy Bevin walked over, took a look, and laughed.
“Not from around here, huh?” he asked.
I nodded, hesitant to give any further details about myself.
“That’s kudzu,” he explained. “It’s a weed, covers damn near everything around here.”
“Everything?” I asked, feigning interest; I was just trying to not look as stupid as I felt.
“Well, not areas at the highest elevation – but, otherwise, yeah. Pretty much everythin’.”
“Cool,” I said, pretending to be enthusiastic about a weed.
Deputy Bevin kept up the pleasantries while we put up markers to designate searched areas, and he seemed like a genuinely nice guy. 
“So…I’ve gotta eat something soon – I didn’t have breakfast. And I should probably get some work done,” I told him shortly after noon.
“I’ll take you back, grab some food on the way.” he replied. 
I stopped – he was lying about something.
Deputy Bevin noticed I had stopped; he turned to face me.
“What? D’you find somethin’?” he asked, curious.
“Level with me,” I told him, “what’s going on here? Why am I getting the extra attention?”
Not once had an officer of the law been willing to pick up lunch for me. Not ever.
Deputy Bevin let out a shy chuckle, as if I was silly.
“Please, Deputy,” I told him, using my serious voice. “I can tell when someone isn’t being honest with me.” That’s also a fact that’s not really true – people trick me all the time – but I could tell when he was lying, as his face was just so goddamn earnest.
“Call me Steve.” Deputy Bevin glanced away, sighed, and looked back. “It ain’t nothin’ personal. We look up every volunteer. Because…it’s commonplace for criminals to return to the scene.”
“I’m no criminal.”
“I know,” he responded. “You’re a writer and…sometimes that can be dangerous, too.”
I…didn’t know what to say, exactly. Not at first.
“I’m more of a private eye…sort of,” I finally said, correcting him. “And yes. I write about my experiences. But I only ever want to help.”
“Yeah, well, you still write about—”
Deputy Bevin’s radio cut him off. “Deputy, we need you westward about a quarter-mile. Volunteers say they found something,” it screeched.
“Copy that, send me the lat. and long.,” he said into the radio…and then eyed me up, deciding what to do next.
“I’m only here to help,” I assured him and, to my credit, it was sincere.
“Stay at my hip,” he responded and shot me an incredulous glance.
I was surprised to find Deputy Bevin so cooperative and followed close behind—when he admitted that I was only tagging along because he couldn’t leave me alone out there; they “didn’t have the man power to search for a sixth missing person.”
It took about fifteen minutes until we got close. And I knew we were close because there was a crowd gathering—and, to the side, one of the older volunteers was leaned against a tree, vomiting. Deputy Bevin walked over and asked if the gentleman was alright but got waved off.
Another volunteer pointed to the bottom of a tall, cliff-like ridge.
There was something in the leaves…
Deputy Bevin saw it, paused a moment—and then he began pushing me back.
“Everyone back a hundred paces,” he yelled.
But – it was too late. I had already seen it. John, the tattooed husband from Philly, lay at the bottom of the rocky cliff, his body mangled and decomposing.
Someone had smashed his face in with a rock.
3
I was quickly rushed away from the area and whisked back to my motel room by a volunteer, as it was all-hands-on-deck for local law enforcement.
For the next twelve hours, I watched the footage that had been given to me.
And this time I didn’t skip anything; in fact, I started transcribing every word spoken, timestamps, and location – though mapping their whereabouts was something I had already been doing, I also began logging their estimated GPS coordinates into a live map that traced it. They had been on the path, at least during what I’d watched so far – and their start location was still visible on the original meet-up site page where Jen (the leader) had set up the original trip – so I was able to trace them along a linear line from the start…for the time being, at least.
The footage continued from where I left off.

—purple-sweatpants-wearing, burlap-sack-faced Burle was walking away. The group discussed it for a bit but continued on, agreeing to tell someone at the next stop – which was a state park they reached just before sundown. While there, they set up camp and told the ranger about the child and the weirdo with the scythe.
And it was during this period that I noticed the dynamic of the group beginning to shift—well, crack might be more accurate.
Mike (the poli-sci major) and Craig (the chubby guy from Tennessee) were bickering more than anything. While they were setting up tents, Mike bragged about knowing someone that was sure to be in the cabinet of the (predicted) winner of the presidential election; then, he pestered Craig about whether he was pro-choice or pro-life. Craig did his best not to get roped in but, little-by-little, Mike wore away at him until he would respond honestly—and then Mike would pounce, criticizing Craig’s naïve and often backward thinking.
I understood this relationship best out of the entire group – both were lonely men, with wildly different perspectives and backgrounds, who were neglected by the others. Jen barely spoke for almost the entirety of the footage (except for one story, later) and the married couple kept a distance. (Even their tent was separated from the others.) These two men were forced to interact with one another, and Mike was pompous, and Craig was a bit of a rube – so, they argued.
That aspect was simple, but there always seemed to be more going on…
Just before nightfall, the married couple grew exasperated with one another. They weren’t fighting, per se, but their smiles and giggling had faded and they barely seemed to look at one another. I wasn’t certain what had happened but it looked as if they weren’t so much annoyed with one another’s company but fighting about something in particular; however, I’m no relationship expert – that’s just how it appeared to me.
Once camp was set up, Jen made a call to check in with family and then headed out to explore the area. During her trip, she found a rocky cliff that looked incredibly similar to the one where they had found John’s body – but I wasn’t certain if it just looked similar, as I hadn’t realized we were anywhere near a state park.
Jen returned to camp and they all ate together and it wasn’t especially eventful.
It wasn’t until nightfall that something creepy happened…
John and Sonya joined Mike, Craig, and Jen around a fire. The GoPro wasn’t able to film very well in the dark so everyone was a talking shadow, and they were all drinking beers, and the mood was light for the moment…then Jen and Sonya decided to go use the park bathroom together.
It would seem that Jen forgot about the GoPro as the only times she didn’t film were when she went to the bathroom, whenever she changed camera batteries, and when she slept; otherwise, from start to finish, the footage wasn’t uninterrupted.
Jen and Sonya walked into the bathroom and Sonya mentioned to Jen that the camera was still on her head, and, just as she removed the camera from atop her head, I caught the image…
Someone was in the shower area.
This person was in a chair with a shower curtain draped over them. Only the outline of a person was distinguishable, though it was obvious they had an ax across their lap. Their bare feet were visible, too, and the toes were wiggling – the small bit of visible leg was hairy and the person’s frame was wide and masculine. And the posture was abnormally straight. It was a man, and the image was incredibly unnerving.
Jen never did turn the camera off and, for a short time, I got to see her face. She took the camera off her head and had it in her hands, facing up, and there was a moment when she was looking at the camera, reaching to turn it off, just before she noticed the covered man sitting in the woman’s shower area with an ax – where I got to see her face clearly. I paused the video on this image, too, as it wasn’t often I got to see her. She had red hair and blue eyes and a smile on her lips. She had big, wondrous eyes, like they were always excited.
But then she noticed the maniac and the pleasant expression vanished beneath immeasurable fear—both women screamed and immediately noped their way out of the situation, running full speed back out of the bathroom. They danced and shook outside as if shaking off spiders and then stood just outside for a moment—and then Sonya scoffed. It had surprised her but now, having gained composure, she reached down and pulled a butterfly knife from her boot and flipped it open and went right back inside the bathroom, ready to kill. (It must have been the Philly in her.)
Jen dropped the GoPro to try to stop her from going back in. There was a period where all I could see were feet, then nothing but darkness and ground and a light in the distance—I could still hear, though, and I heard the door open, and then I heard Jen moan out an “Oh no…”
Silence for a short time after.
In the distance, with the camera on the ground, I could see the flicker of a shadow near an overhead light…someone was there, watching. I bent in closer to try and make out the person—AND THEN A SHOE!
“Jebus Creezy!” I cursed, startled.
It was just Jen as she bent down to pick up the camera.
The bathroom was empty, no trace of the person or the chair.

—grainy, a campfire. The footage skipped ahead a bit. Now, they were all together, shadows around a fire. Jen had turned the GoPro back on but it was beside her, on a cooler. And…there was something else in the corner of the screen. I paused the footage and squinted. It was a long, black, plastic leg – something I’d seen before…a tripod. Someone had set up a tripod at the edge of the fire. Which meant there was another camera.
But why would someone else film the event? Why film it separately at all?
The group started telling ghost stories and all of them were pretty lame…until Jen volunteered to tell one:
“This isn’t so much a scary story as it is a history of the area we’re heading into. And this isn’t one of those the-town-is-haunted-by-ghosts stories, no; it’s about land developers.”
Everyone chuckled.
“Laugh,” Jen urged them in a knowing tone, “because their story isn’t very funny. You see, we’re headed into a very poor area. You won’t find many houses in the area, just like where we come. You see, there was a real rural community not far from here. Farmers, old landowners, nothing modern. And then, one day, a man arrives, and he goes door-to-door. He was a hedge-fund manager with an idea to branch out and he was looking for investors.”
“Scam artist,” John (the husband) called out.
“Not quite,” Jen corrected him. “The investment was sound. Buy land. Build houses. Sell, or retire in them. Real estate was booming. Everyone liked what they saw so everyone invested – so much so that even the town bank got heavily involved in the deal. The land was cheap, the labor moderate, and the projected returns were sky-high – and it might’ve worked out if the housing market didn’t crash soon after the land was bought and only partially developed. Pretty much everyone in the small community had been invested so, these folks lost money. They lost savings. They lost retirement. They lost money for their children. They lost money they shouldn’t have been spending. Pretty much overnight, an entire community went bankrupt.”
“Wow, terrifying. Sounds like a story Mike should tell,” Craig chimed in, taking a potshot.
“Maybe that part – but that’s not the bad bit. Banks got bailed out, right Mike? But everyone else had to pay the tab. So, one-by-one, their houses – which had never been in danger before – were foreclosed. And those that didn’t lose the house didn’t have much to survive on. A good deal of the older folks killed themselves. About fifteen of them. You didn’t hear about it on the news, though. Maybe if they were younger, or they had done it all at once, in front of a live-streaming webcam…then maybe someone might’ve cared – but the older folk did it alone, in the woods, over a period of about three months…because they understood it as a way to unburden the younger generations.”
“Is this real? How do you know this?” asked Mike.
“I research every area I hike through,” Jen answered, and then continued. “And it wasn’t just suicide. A lot of the community starved to death. Some tried to survive in the woods so the elements got them – so many, in fact, that they never found them all. In fact, there are dead bodies still out there.”
The way Jen told the story, it was more melancholy, more of a tragedy – which made it that much more creepy.
“There was one article I read, in particular, that I found especially sad. There were these two millennials that were about teenagers when the community went bankrupt – just old enough to understand what was happening but too young to help. And they survived it because they were in love. Once everyone was gone, and it was just the two of them, they squatted in foreclosed houses. The man would hunt and build, and the woman would tend to their needs and ensure they were kept hidden and warm and safe and fed.”
“Kinda sexist,” Sonya interrupted.
“No, it’s just the way it worked out for them. And, by the time they were in their twenties, the man had built them a nice area hidden in the hills. And the woman had given birth to their child. And, for a moment, their life was fine…until the man contracted a skin disease. Acute dermatitis. It started wearing away the skin of his face, along his chin and cheek, until it eventually got so bad that you could see his teeth through the cheek since so much skin had rotted away.”
There was a long, pregnant pause after that, as everyone waited for Jen to go on…but she didn’t.
“And…?” inquired Mike.
“And what?” Jen asked.
“What happened next?” everyone seemed to ask at the same time.
“Oh, I don’t know. I never finished the article.”
Apparently that was the end of her story.
RING-RING-RING
I had moved the phone across the room so it would stop startling me.
“Hello,” I answered.
“We got complaints of you watchin’ hardcore porno,” the old man in the lobby scolded me, “so if you could turn it down, that’d be much appreciated.”
“What?!” I asked, confused.
“We got complaints of women moaning too loud in there – and I’ve made yer acquaintance so I sure as shit know you ain’t got no live human girl in there. Thus, yous watchin’ the hardcore porno. So—”
“Dude, I’m not watching porn,” I cut him off, realizing he must have been talking about the part of the video where the girls had screamed after entering the bathroom – something I had watched over and over again. “That was like ten minutes ago. When did someone complain?”
“…’bout ten minutes ago.”
“Why didn’t you tell me then?” I asked.
“I had sum pressin’ matters concernin’ none-a-yah-goddamn-business, that’s why,” he said and abruptly hung up.
I shook my head in disbelief and returned to the video.
RING-RING-RING
I grabbed the phone.
“What now?!”
“Yes, it’s Deputy Bevin,” the voice on the line replied.
I cursed and apologized.
“I just got your room number from that weird old-timer at the front desk, hope you don’t mind. Are you free to grab a beer? There’s a place you can walk to that’ll stay open for me,” Deputy Bevin said.
I checked my watch.
“Deputy, it’s two in the morning…”
“Yes, it is,” he concurred.
“Uh, yeah. Sure,” I finally answered.
“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes,” he said in a very official tone and then hung up.
I took off my comfy clothes and dressed in jeans and a t-shirt.
While I got ready, I let the video play.
Jen, with her weird, unfinished story, had sort of derailed the mood a bit and so everyone dispersed, heading back to their tents.
—early dawn, and everyone was gathered around, pissed.
“Yours is gone, too?” they were asking one another.
The footage was sloppy until Jen put the camera back on her head.
Mike and Craig were in front of her and Sonya was approaching. Her black eye-makeup was smudged from crying.
“Has he ever done anything like this before?” Jen asked Sonya.
And that’s when I realized…John (the husband) wasn’t there.
“He…he used to have…an issue…with heroin,” Sonya admitted.
“Oh great!” Mike complained. “So what? He’s gonna go sell all our phones at a pawn shop and use it to buy heroin?”
Sonya didn’t respond; instead, she sniffled and shot a guilty look off to the side.
Apparently their phones had been stolen in the night.
The group searched for a trooper but couldn’t find one.
I paused the video to think.
This was the third morning of the camping trip. From what authorities knew, the entire group left the state park heading north and no one had seen them since, which was almost four days ago now.
Then—I realized I was late to meet Deputy Bevin so I rushed out the door.
The bar was right down the street from the motel, just as he said, so I ran over and found the Deputy to be the only patron. He was still in his shorts and short-sleeved officer’s uniform, still wearing his belt, hunched over the bar, causally sipping a beer. I sat beside him but, before I could say anything, he stood and leaned over the bar and grabbed a beer, then popped the top and handed it to me.
I thanked him for the beer.
We both sat in silence for a moment, drinking our beers, before he finally asked, “Do you ever get used to seeing this kind of shit?”
The question took me by surprise and I thought a moment.
“Not yet,” I answered him, shaking my head.
I didn’t puke as often but it never got easy to see a dead body – and I had seen a couple by then.
Deputy Bevin shook his head. “We ain’t never had nothin’ like this ‘round here before.” He took a longer sip from his beer. “Whoever did this was smart, too. It would’ve been federal but they was just outside the state park limits, by about a quarter-mile.”
“Can I ask you something?”
Deputy Bevin set his beer down and faced me, focused much more than necessary.
I didn’t like what I was about to do but I felt it necessary…
I was about to tip my hand a little because there was something I just had to know:
“Why is ground zero so far in the middle of nowhere? I mean, if John stole their phones, aren’t we just searching the area where he turned them off?”
It just didn’t make sense to me.
Deputy Bevin narrowed his eyes.
“How do you know all that?” he asked.
I sighed.
The admission could lead to the hard copies being confiscated (though, as I always did with sensitive information, it had been saved on the same encrypted server as my website); but, it felt worth it now that one of them had been found dead.
It was time to work together – lives were most definitely at risk.
“I’ve seen the GoPro footage,” I admitted.
Deputy Bevin shrugged.
“The streaming footage. From Jen’s GoPro to her iCloud account. Filmed the whole thing.”
Deputy Bevin nodded, his eyes narrowed, and then, in a dead serious voice, he dropped this bomb on me:
“I’m going to be a bit frank with you, and I speak for my entire department when I say this: I literally have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about. What GoPro footage?”
4
As suspected, I instantly regretted admitting anything to the police.
All of my equipment was confiscated shortly after, in the middle of the night. (They even took my fucking pet rock – so it would appear that I also can’t have inanimate objects, either.) Police interviewed the grumpy front desk clerk (“He mainly watches them hardcore pornos and lies about who he is – tol’ me he was a Jedi, too,” the old man told them) and then they locked me in an interrogation room.
Several different deputies took my statement at different times.
“Did you watch the end of the video?” one of them asked.
“No,” I answered.
“Why wouldn’t you start at the beginning and work your way back?”
“Well,” I responded, “there’s several reasons: I needed to see when, where, and why they went off track – since they never made it to the end. Without knowing where they are, it might not matter what happens. Also, if one of them did something, caused something to happen, or they encountered someone – as it fucking seems like they did – then it might be good to have that background, too. Plus…I thought you guys already had the footage so I considered myself behind.”
The deputy also brought in my laptop (which was now considered evidence) so I could show them the message contacting me for help and all the work I had done on the video up to that point; it left about twelve hours of unseen footage.
Then, I was forced to sleep in the drunk tank…
Deputy Bevin woke me in the early a.m. and brought me into a small interrogation room. He sat me at the white table and took a seat in the gray chair across from me. There was another empty seat beside him. The room was bright, with a small, one-sided mirror along the wall.
“Tell me a little bit about your career as a writer,” Deputy Bevin said, his voice stern.
“Uh…well, as I told you before, I’m more of a…private investigator, of sorts,” I explained.
“Are you licensed?”
I shook my head no.
“Any weapons training?” he asked.
I shook my head no again.
“Okay then – so, tell me a little bit about your career as a writer,” Deputy Bevin repeated.
“Point taken,” I replied; then, I told him about my (unsuccessful) work as a journalist.
“And you’ve never had weapons training?” he asked again, once I was done describing my career.
“No, not really. Fired a shotgun a couple times, got the job done. Why do you keep asking that?”
The deputy got up from the table and left me alone in the bright interrogation room. A moment later, he returned with a thin, craggily gentleman who took the seat across from me while Deputy Bevin stood just behind, his arms crossed.
“You know who I am, young’un?” the craggily gentleman asked. He had intense brown eyes that were both penetrating and serious, and his dry lips kept flicking a toothpick from corner to corner of his mouth.
“No, sir,” I answered.
“I’m Sheriff Harmon. Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Cunning,” he said as we shook hands. His fingers were long and skinny and tanned but his grip was extremely firm, painfully so.
“Am I being charged with something?” I asked.
“Charged?” the craggily Sheriff laughed. “Son, we’re gonna deputize you. Ever had any weapons training?”

And deputize me they did.
Apparently, the Sheriff had contacted the last police department with which I’d been directly involved – and, to my absolute astonishment, they gave me a positive reference. The local deputies had also gone over my writing, so they knew my intentions weren’t for notoriety. (Actually, I’m fairly certain this line of work has relinquished me to the shadows permanently.)
Coupled with the work I had already been doing on the footage, and my background in figuring shit out (or falling into it; both are accurate), as well as the fact that my laptop had an SD adaptor and better video software than the station computers – and I had just become invaluable to the investigation.
First up was a breakfast sandwich and coffee – then a quick weapons training, which Deputy Bevin did at a shooting range adjacent to the police department headquarters.
“Do you guys deputize everyone?” I asked Deputy Bevin once we stood at the firing line.
“We deputized a golden retriever last month,” he replied, hooking up a target.
“Yeah? Did you give it as much shit about weapons training?”
“Sheriff can’t deputize someone that hasn’t had weapons training,” he explained and pressed a red button to the side. The black target was drawn down a long alley. “And since you’re gonna be a part of this, you gotta be deputized.”
For about fifteen minutes, Deputy Bevin taught me about the 9mm handgun: where the safety was; the slide, ammo, hammer; “never point a gun at another person unless you reckon to kill ‘em”; and how to fire in ways for the body to better catch the recoil.
Sheriff Harmon met us inside the shooting range. He had us send out a new target and asked me to load a “magazine” and fire it at the target.
I did as he asked, firing every round.
The Sheriff pushed the button to bring the target back.
Not a single bullet had hit it.
“You’d think you would’a hit it just out of luck,” he joked. “But you don’t got to be a marksman. Just got to know how to use a firearm properly.”
And then, right there in the shooting gallery, the Sheriff had me place my hand on a tiny bible while he recited an oath so quickly that I barely heard a word of it, aside from “protect and serve”…and, once he finished, they rushed me back into the station house, where a room had been set up to view the footage on a large projector from off my laptop.
Before shutting the door, the Sheriff told me his plan:
“Deputy Bevin was assigned to keep track of you so now he’s gonna…be your partner, guess you could say – but, really, he’s to keep track of you. Do what he says. When he says it. Understood?”
I agreed.
Deputy Bevin took a seat off to the side, leaving the table with the laptop for me; he also nodded at me upon hearing his name.
The Sheriff went on.
“As this case has expanded, more jurisdictions are coming onboard – but, as of right now, FBI won’t touch it and everyone else is stayin’ in their own areas, searching their own back yards. So we are alone. But, having said that, everyone’s also got copies of the footage you gave us so everyone else is workin’ on it, too. But, right now, we’re ahead. Finish the footage so Deputy Bevin can update the ground troops out there.”
And that was it; he left.
In less than an hour I’d gone from interrogation room to temporary deputy, with a partner, on assignment. We weren’t alone, either; there were three other men in the room, each taking notes and occasionally heading into the hall to make calls.
A map of the area was plastered on the wall as a visual help. On it were areas of interest, including the last place the group had been seen, John’s body, and the area where all of their cell phones had been taken and destroyed.
“Why do you keep acting like John didn’t steal the phones?” one of the other deputies asked me before I could start the footage.
Deputy Bevin sat up, interested to hear my theory.
I walked over to the map and pointed to the spot where the phones had stopped pinging – which was about 1.5 miles northeast of the state park. John’s body had been found southwest of that, in-between the state park and the last GPS point of the phones.
“He may have stolen the phones,” I replied, “but he wasn’t the one to turn them off, right? Unless he turned them off and headed back to the state park – maybe pretend his phone was stolen, too – but why take all your stuff with you? So, whether he’s a thief or not is secondary. Someone else was out there – otherwise, where are the phones and all his stuff?”
We discussed it a bit more and went over facts, like decomposition of John’s body and assumed time of death and so on, but everything was speculation until the autopsy was finished. My only question, which couldn’t be answered, was simple:
If he stole the phones, where are they?

—the group was deciding that it was best to veer off-path in order to alert the local authorities of the theft and discontinue the hiking trip. The state park was in the middle of nowhere, and their trail north and south took quite a distance before the next town – so the group saw it as their only option to head east, toward the nearest town.
“It’s about a day’s journey east through the woods or two-and-a-half days back, to the last town we passed,” Jen told them, letting the group vote on the decision.
Sonya (the wife), with her mascara smudged from crying, voted to head east; as did Craig.
“You sure you can get us there without the GPS on your phone?” asked Mike.
Jen gave a solid description of the area and the direction and timeframe.
We paused the video and checked her information with the map. She was accurate in her details so her proposed trip could have worked.
Deputy Bevin got on the phone and told the search party where to head; it was in the opposite direction of where they had recovered John’s body.
We resumed the footage…
This time around, the group hiked in complete silence. Craig and Mike stopped bickering. Sonya kept close to everyone. Jen led, quiet but for low grunts of effort. They were now more like soldiers heading off battle than hikers enjoying the scenery.
The trees and brush were all withered and dead so the only difficulty was in climbing the many hills and ridges that covered the area. It was boring to watch but we kept at it—and then, as they climbed a ridge that seemed identical to the last, Sonya gasped.
Right behind them, climbing the ridge as if one of the group, was Burle.
Again, he was shirtless, barefoot, and wearing purple sweatpants; and, again, he had burlap tied around his head, with a face painted on it in red. This time, however, he was much, much closer.
Everyone stopped…
Burle stopped, too, and slowly turned his head to look at each person, even though there were no eye holes—and a rip to the right side of the burlap showed part of the gruesome face beneath. It was only a sliver but it was easy to see his teeth and the tongue just behind – as if the burlap was his skin.
Sonya began screaming at him and pulled out her butterfly knife. Tears were streaming from her eyes and it was obvious she was cracking up a bit.
Burle just stared at her.
Everyone else remained in place, silent.
Burle looked at each person and then, slowly, turned around and left.
The group moved on a bit faster after that, and they checked over their shoulders repeatedly.
We kept track of their movements throughout the day but it was hard to track the bearing directly, as our only source was a constantly shifting GoPro camera. And then, just before nightfall, they passed another trail, one that wasn’t on our map. In fact, they should have been closing in on a nearby road that led to the nearest town, not some other hiking trail.
Mike mentioned this new hiking trail but Jen dismissed it as something probably local; however, to me, this could have been big. I duplicated the footage so that someone else could study it in a separate room and map out their exact bearing from the moment they left the trail.
While someone created a map of the exact path the group took, Deputy Bevin and I settled in to watch the last of the footage. The group set up camp (Sonya was sharing Jen’s tent; Mike was sharing Craig’s) and they made a fire, all of them staying close to one another. They also kept an eye out as best they could.
Just as dark set in, Jen suggested they maybe get rid of the fire so it would be hard to find them—

One of the deputies walked in with a new map, one showing the path of the missing people…and I didn’t understand what I was looking at.
Deputy Bevin got a call on his phone and excused himself a moment to speak in the hall.
“Who’s that guy?” one of the deputies asked while I was still studying the map they gave me.
I ignored the question and asked the other deputy, “What is this? This can’t be right.”
The map had a semi-circle painted across it.
“They walked in a giant circle,” the deputy answered.
“So the trail they passed…was the Appalachian trail again?” I wondered aloud.
“Who’s that guy?” one of the deputies asked again.
“What guy?” I asked, half-paying attention and annoyed.
“That guy,” the deputy said and pointed at the screen.
I turned and leaned down toward the computer screen and not the projector screen—and was horrified at what I found. The silhouette of a muscular, shirtless man could be seen just outside the light of the fire. He was watching the group but they couldn’t seem to see him because of the light of the fire.
…and, slowly, the figure disappeared into the darkness.
“That was creepy,” the deputy said.
“Yeah it—” I started, but the footage cut me off.
Burle ran out of the darkness and straight at the group. His arms were up over his head and, in his hands, was a rusted ax—which he swung down as hard as he could.
The ax landed square in the side of Craig’s head. His skull split open —
The footage went black; it was over.
Everyone froze with a stupid expression, completely caught off-guard by the final image.
Deputy Bevin came back inside the room, his face pale, and he looked at us. We looked at him, our faces just as pale.
We shared a moment of silence.
“They found another body,” he told us before we could describe what we’d just seen.
I was still in shock but was able to ask a single name: “Craig?”
Deputy Bevin shook his head no.
“It was Sonya. They found her body in a tree…”

We examined the last bit of footage over, and over, and over…but eventually my brain turned to mush and I needed a break. Deputy Bevin drove me back to the motel so I could shower and nap, and then I’d drive back in the morning.
I opened the motel door and collapsed on the bed, unable to move—
RING RING RING
“Ah,” I growled and got up and answered the phone.
“You got another package ‘ere,” the grumpy old clerk said.
My breath caught in my chest.
Even as exhausted as I was, I still got up…and walked to the lobby…and there, waiting for me, was my name on another iPhone-sized manila envelope…
5
Within minutes, the front lobby of the motel was a full-fledged crime scene.
The package, like the first one, was checked for DNA and finger-prints; it had neither.
There were no cameras in the lobby, and the one overlooking the rooms had been broken for years.
And the interview with the old man at the front desk went something like:
DEPUTY: Did you get a good look at the person who left this?
DESK CLERK: Nah, I was preoccupied.
DEPUTY: Where? Cleaning the rooms?
DESK CLERK (chuckle): Nah, the commode.
DEPUTY: Have you seen anyone suspicious hanging around tonight? Or lately?
DESK CLERK: Nah, none more suspicious than the last.
DEPUTY: Anything happen that might be of interest? Anything happen around here…at all?
DESK CLERK: Nah, don’t believe so. I just do ma’ duties an’ move on.
DEPUTY: …lead quite the interesting life, huh?
DESK CLERK: Candle ‘at burns twice as bright done burnt out twice as fast.
Suffice it to say, talking to him was like talking to wallpaper; and, according to the desk clerk, he “ain’t seen nothin’.”
Before we could get our hands on it, the SD card was driven straight to the nearest city so a larger, better-equipped stationhouse could immediately check it for digital finger-prints. They were quickly able to tell that the footage wasn’t recorded on a GoPro but a Samsung digital handheld. Also, the manufacturing company was able to confirm that the SD card had been shipped to a Walmart up north; the Walmart would then be able to track the date and time of the sale of that particular SD card and get the surveillance video – but it would take a resource we no longer had: time.
As far as we knew, Jen (the leader) and Mike (the poli-sci major) were still missing in those woods. Maybe they were hiding. Maybe they were dead. It was day five and, if by some chance they were still alive, it was getting down to the wire.
While waiting for the footage to be copied off the SD card and sent back to us, I tried to nap…but, as I lay in the drunk tank, door open, I could hear one of the deputies tell a story:
I was there, I seent her. That wife woman, that, uh…Sonya. I was there when we found her, jus’ before nightfall. We seent somethin’ up in the trees, lookt like a black bear cub…
We ain’t have no ladder but somehow Ned Hotchkins had his tool belt so we nailt in steady wood and climbt up. Phil was first and he climbt the ladder Ned built and he got to the stop and jostled her—and then…and then he made a noise I ain’t never heard no man make. Sort of like a whimper…but, like…scared. And he fell right off the ladder, sprained his shoulder.
So I went up. And I climbt them pegs one-by-one…and then I got to the top and I couldn’t tell…not right away…not until I touched her, and it felt like shoulder bone, so I pulled a little…and then she rollt over. Her hair frizzt-out. And her skin was pale…and her face, it was frozen in this look of…absolute terror. Her eyes were glassy but, whatever they had been looking at…it must’ve been horrible.
Just that look…I’ll never forget it. Her face was ghastly. And her eyes started to bleed. And I could hear a gurgle in the back of her throat and then she looked at me and she grabbed my arm and she screamed “SAVE ME!”—
I startled, the nightmare waking me just before dawn. It was still dark out and it was supposed to be overcast so it would probably be dark most of the day, too.
Deputy Bevin was in the doorway.
“The new video’s queued up for us,” he said and turned around.
I sat up and wiped the sleep from my eyes. There was freezing-cold coffee and I chugged two cups back-to-back. The taste was sour but it helped me focus; then, I washed my face, borrowed deodorant, and stumbled into the room where we had been watching the footage.
The room was dark and there was more people hanging around this time. We had the projector up but I still sat in front of my laptop to better see the video.
The footage was only an hour and a half long and we had received the various videos out of order, I was told; but, as it wasn’t tremendously long, we decided to just play it as is. The search party had grown in the days since I was there and they would be out there scouring the area at dawn; news stations would probably be out, too, though they would only have the information we gave them.
“You’re still around ‘cause someone wants you to see something and, whatever all this is about, you’re a part of it…whether you wanna be or not. So let’s figure this out. Who wants you to see this? What is it they want you to see? And why do they want you, specifically, to see it?” Sheriff Harmon told me as we got settled with notepads.
I hit play…

—heavy breathing, footsteps, all black. And then, the black turned bright green – night-vision. It was obviously a different camera; hand-held, not stationed on top of a head, and the model GoPro they believe recorded the original footage wasn’t capable of night-vision. (I had researched it.)
The person who was holding the camera kept it pointed in front, right into the darkness ahead of them. The quality wasn’t especially good, and it only showed about ten ft. ahead, but it was enough to navigate through a dark forest.
“Where’s Sonya?” Mike cried out from just behind the camera.
“I think she ran the other direction. Come closer to the camera so you can see,” Jen told him, catching her breath.
“What direction? Where are we?—where’s the fire? Did you—did you see that? He came right out of nowhere…” Mike sobbed.
“Just stay close. We keep heading toward town. We get to help,” Jen said, her voice strong; she was doing her best to hold together.
“How…do you even know…where you’re going?” Mike asked in-between sobs. He had a point; they were just heading forward when that was deceiving – especially in a forest at night. Not only that but, based on the map we’d created, they had already gotten themselves turned around – so, they weren’t anywhere near where they thought they were to begin with. Worse, we couldn’t track them anymore.
“We’re going to keep going this way until the sun comes out,” Jen said, her voice low and trembling.
“But I need a break—” Mike began to plead before the video cut out.
—time had passed but I wasn’t sure how much. They were still walking through the forest, in the darkness of night. Mike would try to talk but Jen would shush him, saying that it was important now to remain quiet. So they kept going, and going, passing trees and climbing hills with nothing more than night-vision to guide them. Jen would occasionally turn the night-vision off while they rested, and the footage would skip ahead—but, what I didn’t really understand was why she was still filming. Cameras could use night-vision without recording – might have saved the battery a little, too.
They reached another ridge and started to go around it. There were dead bushes and brush, and they passed tree, after tree, after tree…and Burle—he was there, breathing heavily. Shirtless, in sweatpants. Still as a rock. Rusted sledgehammer in hand. It was almost hard to notice him since everything was the same off-green, but his muscles caught the eye. He was only about nine feet away, staring at them in that horrifying burlap—
There was movement behind the camera—and the camera turned, quickly, to find Mike’s backside as he ran as fast as he could in the opposite direction.
Jen chased after him, the camera bumping with her running.
Mike was blind without the camera and his running was slow because of it – his head down and both arms out, protecting himself.
—Jen finally caught up with him and they slowed a moment. She put the camera between them so they could see. They looked back but couldn’t see Burle. They turned the camera back around to keep heading in the opposite direction—
A female child was standing right in front of them.
It wasn’t the same as the child from before, either. This child was tinier, younger – but there was something wrong with her eyes and face; they were old, wrinkled – like an 80 year old child.
Mike gasped when he saw this and took off at a full-run again, straight into the darkness.
And, again, Jen chased after him.
—then it was deep blue, dawn.
Jen was filming Mike. He was covered in dirt with a look of exhaustion on his face. They were sitting, resting, hiding.
Jen prodded Mike to get up so they could get out of there, get out of the forest, find the nearest town, find help – but Mike was slow and obviously scared. Cautious at first, they did begin to move, both remaining behind the camera.
Again, we did our best to track their movements but, since we hadn’t been able to follow their bearing at night, there was no starting point. Just their direction. And they were walking uphill, toward a small clearing—when Mike asked, “What’s that sound?”
Both of them stopped walking…and we could hear it, too. Faint crunching. I turned the volume as high as it could go on the footage.
“OH GOD!” Mike cried out.
Jen turned the camera—and there, running at them full speed, was Burle. Shirtless and barefoot. Burlap and purple sweatpants. He was sprinting straight at them and his vascular muscles made him seem inhuman, like a feral guerilla.
Mike took off running but this time Jen was right behind him. They reached the clearing—and Jen yelled out, “Look!”
The camera could barely catch a glimpse of whatever she was pointing at since the camera was bouncing too hard, but – whatever it was – once Mike saw it, he ran for it. Jen followed behind and they both ducked into it—
—the footage picked up in a dark area, lit only through slivers of wood. They were inside a wood cabin.
“What is this place? How did you even see it?” Mike whispered.
It looked deserted, as if no one had been there in over decade. Dust covered everything. There was a rotted fruit bowl in the center of a table covered in spider webs. The chairs were rickety and cracked. There was an old furnace, the black iron covered in so much dirt that it was brown. Leaves were all over the floor.
“Is that…is that what I think it is?” Jen asked, picking something up from out of frame. She held it up by the arm…
It was the same bloody stuffed animal that they had encountered once before.
“Oh—” Mike began to curse but they both hushed up as they could hear someone approaching.
“Hide,” Jen said in a whispered panic as she searched around.
There was a nearby door—and it led to stairs heading down into a basement. She grabbed Mike by the elbow with her free hand and dragged him back, leading him down.
If the first floor was dark, the basement was pitch-black—but Jen turned on the night-vision and they could see into the terrifying basement. Bones – human bones, animal bones, rotten skin flecked them. Old shelves, jars filled with questionable items, rusted tools, and a million other things I couldn’t make out.
Both Jen and Mike gasped—and then quickly became dead silent. Together, carefully, they navigated into a back corner.
The upstairs front door opened.
Above them, footsteps. Floorboards creaking. Dust falling between the cracks.
The camera remained focused on Mike’s horrified face. He was frozen with fear, petrified, glancing every which way – but then, occasionally, he would close his eyes tight, as if that would block out the world. His face was dripping with snot and tears as he silently cried.
And that’s when something happened that I never would have expected, not in a million years:
“HE’S DOWN HERE, BABY!” Jen suddenly screamed.
I’ve never seen a look of terror like I saw on Mike’s face the moment he realized that Jen had been behind everything.
Thudding, running footsteps—
“No-no-no-no-please-no!” Mike sobbed.
Jen just laughed hysterically.
The basement door tore open and heavy footsteps ran down—Burle barreled into the green of the night-vision. The burlap was missing and his face was plainly visible – at least the half that wasn’t missing. The right side had such little skin that you could see the eye socket. Even into his mouth and down his throat a bit, like a walking anatomy-skeleton.
Burle’s arms violently grabbed and locked around Mike’s body and he dragged him backward, toward the stairs.
Mike bawled wildly and pleaded for help and begged and struggled…but Burle was just too big.
Jen followed behind them at a causal pace, laughing maniacally.
Climbing the stairs, she turned the night-vision off and flipped the camera around so I could see her face in the upstairs light.
Hacking – sharp metal through skin and bone – could be heard nearby. And, while Mike was screaming bloody murder in the background, the redheaded leader, whom I had thought was named Jen, looked straight into the camera and said:
“Now come and find me, Richie.”
music cue
6
Sometimes I wake up and there’s a ten-second period where I have no idea where I am, no bearing, no orientation; like I’ve just woken up in outer space and everything I’ve ever known was wrong.
It’s a disorienting feeling, and it comes from sleeping in a lot of motels. I dream, and sometimes my dreams are more comforting, more friendly, and they lull me into a false sense of security. Sometimes my dreams are of my Kay, or sometimes it’s distant memories of the family I once had…
And then I wake up in a dark room, far from home, and nothing seems real, not the bed or the covers or my memories – like none of it is real, like nothing’s been real. And I don’t know where I am or what’s happening.
Like reaching the bottom of a dark staircase – when you think there’s one more step but instead your foot smashes aground. Like drowning, but then swimming to the surface – only to find out you can’t breathe the air, either.
Sometimes, everything’s in front but I’m so preoccupied with what’s behind me that I just don’t see it.
Her name really was Jennifer; in fact, she didn’t hide who she was, not at all.
But we’ll get to that…
There had been more footage on that final SD card, and it was given to us out-of-order – so we were watched it as it was given to us, with the events going from most recent to oldest:

—it’s green, night-vision. We see a person sleeping alone in their tent. The camera is slow, careful…as the person holding the camera climbs into the tent quietly, without waking the sleeping occupant. The person holding the camera gets especially close to the sleeping camper, and we can see it’s Sonya (the wife). She’s breathing deeply. The person behind the camera holds out a knife—the butterfly knife that Sonya kept in her boot. The person behind the camera opens the knife and gets the blade out and slowly slides it over the sleeping body, caressing the skin but not cutting it…then, the camera turns and finds numerous other things in the tent, like cell phones and wallets, and the person takes them all—

The FBI had gotten involved after the discovery of the second body but, with the new footage, they swarmed—yet, as intrusive as they were, they still kept a respectful distance. And they relied on drones (which had very poor lines-of-sight) to scour the forest.
The FBI did, however, acquire the only phone record still missing. It only made two calls; both were received by a number belonging to a phone on a similar provider. And the calls were only a hundred yards apart. This chilled me to the bone when I realized what it meant:
When Jen went to “check-in with family,” she was actually calling someone just outside their camp, someone in the woods, someone very close…
It also meant that no family had contacted me to help find her – Jen had been the one to contact me, to show me the footage. Jen had specifically brought me there, had given me the footage, had set me on the journey to find her.
But why?
The FBI also got access to the e-mail server she had used to contact me (which provided nothing), and the information from meet-up site where she had set up the journey (which also provided nothing), as well as the Walmart security footage showing her purchasing the extra SD cards, GoPro, camping gear, purple sweatpants, Samsung handheld camera, and various other odds and ends. She paid in cash. She left on a public bus. So, all of it provided almost no help.

—“Hold up,” a familiar voice whispered from behind the camera; it was Jen.
The footage was all black but suddenly a flashlight turned on and we could see John (the husband) standing in the darkness, alone.
He winced at the light.
“Are you going for a walk?” Jen asked.
“Look…I just wanna be alone,” he muttered and turned away.
“Wait!—do…would you mind if…please let me tag along,” pleaded Jen. “This trip isn’t going as I planned and I…I just want to go for a walk and get away but…but I’m too scared to go alone.”
John thought a moment, sighed, and then agreed.
Jen told him of a nearby ridge she’d seen out that way and that it was pretty, and so she helped direct them toward it. John had his phone held it out, using it as a second flashlight. They were quiet, stepping through the brush and trees, and it didn’t take long before they had reached the cliff-like edge of the ridge.
Both of them stopped.
“So…is everything alright between you and Sonya?” Jen asked, innocently.
John breathed out deeply before answering.
“You kinda brought up a lot of shit and…you know, it’s making us work through some stuff. But yeah. We’ll be okay.”
As he spoke, Jen used the camera to look over the edge of the ridge, which had about a twenty foot fall onto rock and debris.
“Do you mind if I ask what the issue is?” Jen inquired; she didn’t sound nosy, just helpful.
“Sonya doesn’t trust me – not with women, not with my friends…not even alone. This trip was to get us away from…things – and she thinks that as soon as we go back, it’s just gonna start all over again,” he admitted.
“Well, I don’t think she has to worry…” Jen said, pleasantly.
“Thanks,” he said with a nod.
“…because neither of you are gonna make it back—” Jen whispered and then grunted hard.
John was completely unprepared for the shove that followed and it pushed him forward so hard and so fast that he had no option but to fall end-over-end over the ridge and into the blackness just beyond. He yelped in the quarter-second before thudding against the rocks at the bottom – and the camera panned down fast enough to just catch the impact.
At a leisurely stroll, Jen walked around the ridge, down to the bottom, and over to John. His body had numerous broken bones and he had hit his head but he was still conscious and breathing, struggling, gasping. She set the camera down, so it could see everything…and she knelt beside him. He was shaking, probably in shock, and she shushed him, gently petting his hair…while the other hand reached over and took hold of a nearby rock…and she slowly lifted it over her head in an obvious motion, so John could see…and, with John watching helpless, she brought the rock down in one fluid strike and smashed in his face.
Giggling, Jen grabbed John’s phone and stood up and then reached over for the camera—

The last of the missing footage consisted of bits and pieces from interviews Jen that had conducted with each of them. In each interview, the subject sat in front of a beautiful scenic background while Jen, who was off-camera, asked questions:
“Do you think he’ll return to heroin once this trips over?” Jen asked Sonya, obviously speaking about her husband, John.
Sonya was adamant that John had been through the worst of it, and that he would stay better once they got home…but Jen chipped away her enthusiasm.
“Do you have many friends that still do it?” Jen asked.
Sonya nodded.
“Have you seen anyone recover?” Jen asked.
Sonya shook her head and began to explain but Jen immediately asked another question—
“Why doesn’t Mike think you’re very smart?” Jen asked Craig (the chubby guy from Tennessee).
“He doesn’t think I’m smart?” Craig asked, nervously…but still a bit wounded by the information—
“Do you think she’ll cheat again?” Jen asked John, obviously speaking about his wife, Sonya.
John faked a chuckle and scratched his chin.
“No,” he answered, shaking his head. “I think she’ll be faithful this time.”
“Did your heroin addiction drive her to cheat…or did her cheating cause you to turn to heroin?”
John thought about it a moment and opened his mouth to—
“Doesn’t it bother you that Craig’s going to vote for such an idiot just because he’s so misinformed?” Jen asked Mike, who immediately grew impassioned—
Craig finished parking his car and got out. He looked around and found no one else there so he began pacing around the path. It was the spot where Jen’s ad had asked everyone to meet and, apparently, Craig was the first to arrive. He was alone, waiting for the others. That was the end, the last three minutes of digital footage – just the camera watching Craig, without Craig knowing.
And then it was over.

“Wait!” I called out.
There was something there—and then I had an idea. I went back to the beginning of the footage (which was really the end) when Mike was running scared through the forest, just before they reached the clearing—and I froze the image. Mike running. The withered forest all around. A clearing just beyond.
I leaned in, studying the image.
“You see something?” Deputy Bevin asked.
“No…it’s what I don’t see."
“Huh?” he said, scratching his head.
I turned to face everyone in the room.
“I know where she is.”
7
I walked over to the satellite map on the wall and circled about 10 square miles of land—and then I quickly turned around, my eyes wide with excitement.
“There’s no kudzu in the video,” I told them.
Everyone just stared at me.
“This is the area of highest elevation,” I said, expecting an overwhelmingly positive response.
Everyone continued to stare at me.
“Kudzu…can’t grow at higher elevations…” I explained, beginning to reconsider what I had thought to be a breakthrough.
“Who told you that?” Sheriff Harmon asked, standing up.
“Deputy Bevin…and, later, Wikipedia,” I answered and looked to each face around me, reciting the bare amount of info I had gleaned from the website. “You know, kudzu. Japan brought it to a world’s fair. Spread like a sum’b—”
“We know what kudzu is,” the Sheriff gruffly cut me off, staring at the map. “And this area…”
“Well, Clingman’s Dome is about 6,600 ft. above sea level,” I said, turning back to the map to label everything I was talking about, “and, after that, the Appalachian Trail hovers around 2,000 ft. elevation, where kudzu can grow – however, it can’t grow at an altitude over—”
All at once, the room snapped into action.
Sheriff Harmon ran out of the room to speak with the FBI while dispatch radioed the search crew to immediately evacuate the area. No one was to enter the territory yet, not even law enforcement.
My work’s done – now, they’ll find her.
“Good luck,” I told Deputy Bevin as he got ready to leave.
“Good luck?” he asked, confused.
“Just be safe, man,” I said with a pleasant nod.
“Uh, you’re coming with me…” he said.
I chuckled—and then noticed his expression.
“Wait, what? I can’t go with you. I’m not trained for this kind of stuff—ah shit, don’t you dare mention the weapons training, neither.”
Deputy Bevin cracked a smile.

It was early afternoon when we arrived on-scene.
The original search party had spread out to cover the perimeter of the ten-square-miles but there just weren’t enough people and it left large, open gaps. When I asked Deputy Bevin why the search party hadn’t been called off the moment we knew there was a murderer in the woods, his response was brief: “Lord help anyone who’d mess with ‘em – every one’a them volunteers is well-better armed than we are.”
I found his answer to be so very, very disconcerting.
They had holstered a 9mm against my hip, and even pinned a metal Deputy’s badge to my shirt breast, but none of it was reassuring.
Usually I fell into danger; this time, I was seeking it.
The surrounding jurisdictions were also involved, and two agents from the FBI were searching the forest with their drones. This was no longer a search party – it was a full-blown manhunt for two armed suspects with possible hostages, including children. All law enforcement was to pair-off in twos and sweep in from all sides. The suspects were likely to have a police scanner so each two-person team was given an encrypted radio so they could check in with their jurisdiction dispatch every fifteen minutes.
Sheriff Harmon was there, too, and, at the start, he announced to his Deputies:
“As you are aware, we are searching for Jennifer and John Marcus Dewitt. Pictures have been distributed – if you do not have one, grab one! Jennifer was last seen with red hair. She has a pale complexion, approximately 5’8, with a tattoo of a blood sun on her right shoulder. John Marcus was last seen with brown hair. He is 6’2 with a muscular build and acute dermatitis – which means his face has damn near rotted off. They are brother-and-sister and they are considered to be armed and extremely dangerous. If you see anything, radio it in but do not approach – I repeat, radio it in but DO. NOT. APPROACH. There may be at least one hostage and children in their custody. Tactical units are local and on the ready. Am I crystal?”
“Clear, sir!” everyone shouted as a verbal acknowledgement—except me. I was confused and finishing a burrito we had picked up on the way. (It was my first meal in over a day.)
“Mruph, hur!” I shouted alone, a moment late, in an attempt to mimic everyone else.
The Sheriff shot me a glance…and then everyone set out.
Really, the entire thing was surreal. It was an especially lovely day for a manhunt, with the temp over 60 and a sunny, cloudless sky (not overcast, as expected). There were as many armed civilians mulling the perimeter as there were police heading in to sweep the area. Deputy Bevin and I followed a large group of officers and, every hundred paces, one group headed northwest; we were the second to the last when we headed uphill and deeper into the forest, just the two of us. Other Deputies could be seen in the distance on either side at first but, as time went on, they disappeared from sight.
“Adam-Mark-David, all clear – over,” Deputy Bevin would say into the radio every fifteen minutes. And, aside from checking in, the two of us were quiet at first – but you can only spend so much time walking before a conversation stirs…even if Deputy Bevin wanted no part of it to better focus on the search.
“How long have you been a Deputy?” I asked him in a low voice.
“We tend to keep silent on manhunts – you know, so the suspects don’t hear us coming,” he answered, also in a low voice.
I stopped talking.
The only sound was the crunch of trampling leaves and our breathing, which grew heavier the further we walked since it was all uphill.
“So you got a girlfriend…?” I finally asked, still low, after a prolonged period of nothing. Deputy Bevin shot me a sly glance and I couldn’t tell if it was in response to the question or a polite way of telling me to be quiet again. “…or boyfriend? No judgments here, man.”
Deputy Bevin chuckled.
“Adam-Mark-David, all clear – over,” he said into the radio and then, to me, added, “and I’m married.”
“Any kids?” I asked, willfully prodding.
There were two things I had learned in the short time I’d been an unlicensed (though newly deputized) detective: #1 with a bullet was to research every. single. detail. ever. – like when the Deputy mentioned kudzu, something I’d never heard of, so I quickly Wikipedia’d that shit just in case it ever became relevant (because cases always seemed to be advanced by random, “just in case” information); and, rule #2 was to always keep people talking – because, who knew what they’d admit…
“Yeah, two kids,” he said and took a deep breath, winded.
“Boys or girls?”
“Girls – here, take a seat,” he said and sat on the trunk of a downed tree.
I took the seat beside him.
“Do me a favor and face that way – make sure nothing sneaks up on us,” the Deputy requested.
“That story that Jen told everyone around the fire…was it true?” I asked, turning around to face the opposite way.
Deputy Bevin told me, in a solemn tone, “Yeah, sort of. A lot of houses got foreclosed ‘round here – but I don’t remember it being quite as dramatic as her story. From what I remember, it wasn’t a whole community but just a couple home-owners out there in nowhere who got swindled. Invested in property that never got built – so their money was tied up for years. And most of them went broke trying to sue to get it back. But there wasn’t no mass suicides or anything.”
(Truth was, I had researched the whole thing the moment after I heard Jen’s story – and the Deputy was downplaying the reality a bit, as the scam had a severe, lasting impact on a large area. About two dozen households had gone broke investing in the construction of retirement properties at an ocean resort – but, in the end, nothing was built, and their money was withheld, and the lawsuit to get it back was dragged out over years to weed out the poorest claimants. Also, not to side with a murderer, but Jen had been right: many of the older family members had either killed themselves or gone missing – and there had been a surprising lack of national coverage.)
“Were you affected by it?” I asked him.
Deputy Bevin sighed.
There was movement behind me—and I turned around in time to see Deputy Bevin stand up. “Nah, I grew up south of here. I didn’t even know about it until recently,” he said. “Now hush up. Only two hours of daylight left so we gotta move – and you keep givin’ away our position.”
I kept quiet for a period afterward.
“Adam-Mark-David, all clear. Nearing the meet-up, ‘bout twenty minutes out. Over,” Deputy Bevin said into the radio – and, exactly twenty minutes later, we joined the other officers at the center of the search area.
Sheriff Harmon was one of the last and, upon learning that not a single person had seen anything out of the ordinary, instructed everyone to “head back – but keep an eye out. I do believe these bastards are close. They just know these woods better than us.”
The sun was beginning to set when we turned back.
“Can we talk yet?” I finally asked Deputy Bevin once we had gotten far enough away from everyone.
“No—shhh!” he quickly hushed me.
Both of us stopped walking.
“You hear that?” he asked me; I didn’t. “Sounds suspicious. Maybe we should split up…”
I stared at him, bewildered—but then, slowly, a smile crept across his lips.
“Are you messing with me?” I worriedly asked.
Deputy Bevin nodded and continued walking.
“Damn near had a heart attack,” I confessed and followed behind him.
—but stopped when he held his arm out to me.
“Adam-Mark-David, may have located blood splatter at…” Deputy Bevin checked his phone and gave dispatch the longitude and latitude of our position.
I saw what it was he was looking at – and it did appear to be blood, a thin trail of it winding through the trees. We both looked around in all directions but there was nothing, not even nearby officers.
Deputy Bevin bent down to examine the red liquid closer without touching it. He waved his hand at me to back away from the potential evidence, so I took several steps back—and onto more blood. I nearly slipped trying to prevent myself from stepping on it.
“Watch your step,” the Deputy called over to me – but, when he saw my stone-faced expression, he walked over.
There was a second trail of blood leading into the forest.
“Adam-Mark-David, send tactical. We have multiple blood trails,” Deputy Bevin quickly radioed, backing away while keeping me close behind him.
I turned around to see if there were any other nearby officers—when I saw it. A body was in the tree, half-hidden by branches and leaves.
“…the fuck?” I whispered, terrified.
Mike (the poli-sci major) had been gutted and strung up with his empty chest cavity exposed. His eyes were still open and they stared down, his face frozen in an expression of absolute horror.
Twisting around, the Deputy saw it, too, and let out an immediate, “What the h—”
But, instead of finishing his thought, there was a sickening thud—and Deputy Bevin’s head blew apart. Gore exploded out in all directions – and I was covered in brain matter before any of it could even register. The Deputy’s body dropped – a rusted sledgehammer planted so deep in his skull that it reached his throat – and he hit the ground, dead and twitching.
There was another Deputy behind me—swinging, his fist connected with my eye.
A flash of light.
Darkness.
8
I have a routine before I leave for any assignment:
I pack up everything I’m taking with me and store it in the car – and then I forget about it, forget about all of it for a period. Instead, I go to my kitchen and I crack open a Miller Lite and I focus on cooking the bare few ingredients in my apartment. I’m never home very long so my cabinets and fridge are mostly filled with miscellaneous items – and, since I’m leaving, I have to cook anything that could spoil with anything else lying around.
This ritual started the day before I left to find the missing people, when my ingredients included cheese dip, thawed chicken breasts, sour cream, three mozzarella sticks, tomato paste, one small onion, and six pieces of precooked lasagna pasta. So I boiled and shredded the chicken in a separate pan. Browned the onion in oil and then combined it with the sour cream, cheese dip, and tomato paste in a sauce pan, added water and a ton of seasoning, and then brought it to a simmer.
My favorite part of baking is when I use a plastic sandwich bag to grab a tablespoon’s worth of butter and then spread that butter all over the glass baking pan. Then, I layer the ingredients: tomato sauce, three wedges of lasagna side-by-side, pulled chicken, more sauce – then repeat until everything’s gone. Top it off with grated mozzarella strips, cover with tin foil, and bake at 375 degrees for thirty minutes.
Once it finished, I cut out a large piece of the lasagna and stored it in tupperware to keep it warm, and then immediately took it over to the only friend I have left in this life…
Kay always beams at me when I walk in. I love her, I truly do. She’s a ray of sunshine in otherwise gloom; she’s a smile I can’t live without.
I gave her the lasagna and she ate it slowly – enjoying every bite. I watched, sitting beside her. She would glance over just to make sure I was still there.
Over time, she began to realize that bringing her food was a sign that I wouldn’t be around for some time and, once she caught on, she’d be appreciative…but also, a bit melancholy and distant—but that first time, when I brought lasagna on the day just before I left to help the five missing people, she didn’t know. She just enjoyed the food and then laid back and looked at me with adoration in her eyes.
I took her hand and sat beside the bed. Nurses would stop in, as well as an occasional doctor making the rounds – but they often left us alone. I tell her nice things and occasionally show her my facebook page, which I keep stocked with silly animal photos and jokes and things. It’s just a wall of nice, happy things – just for her. She smiles at the memes I show her but I know she either doesn’t understand or she doesn’t care, and she tries to look at me more than whatever I’m showing her.
“I love you, Kay,” I tell her—clank—and pull the blanket over us so it’s like we’re in our own universe, and I embrace her. Our hugs last abnormally long, almost like short-term cuddling. I kiss her cheek and nose and forehead—clank—and she holds tight so I can’t get away. And we stay like that for as long as we can because, I know, one of these days I might not make it back—
—clank.
I opened my eyes…
“…the fuck?” I groaned.
I noticed the details around me in fuzzy hints, still a bit hazy from the blow to my head: bright lights and oak décor; table and chairs and a raging fire in the living room fireplace; crystalline chandelier overhead; children…
My head fell back like I was dozing off and I caught it, straightened my posture, sat up—and then I stared around – really staring, intent on every detail.
clank clank
My hands were chained to the chair I was in.
Two familiar children were sat on either side of the dinner table, and they both stared at me. The girl with dirty brown hair had on a bright, normal outfit – and, as in the footage, her face sloped into her neck because she had no chin. Her younger sister was across from her, kicking her feet under the table – and, as in the footage, she had wrinkles around her eyes, like the face of an eighty year old woman on the body of an eight year old child. They were both wide-eyed and staring at me with fascination.
I looked around the room once more.
This certainly isn’t the cabin from the footage, I thought – they had taken me somewhere else…
“Here you go, sweetheart,” said a woman from somewhere behind me—and I was startled to find out she was talking to me.
Jen came around front with a frozen bag of peas in her hand. She had on an apron and her red hair was tied back in a ponytail. “Tilt your head back, like this.” She put the frozen bag of peas on my eye and then helped my head back to balance it on my swelling jaw.
Even though she was my age, it felt motherly.
“Can I just say…” she went on and knelt beside me, staring directly into my eyes, “…that I am just one of your biggest fans!” Her cheeks beamed red and she touched my hand—I flinched but the chains kept them in place.
Jen gave a dismissive nod toward my immediate repulsion of her and just kept staring into my eyes—until I could hear the thumping of heavy feet walking down stairs.
Jen’s eyes quickly darted away from mine and she got a guilty look on her face and she stood up and quickly walked behind me.
The young girl stopped fidgeting.
The older girl stared down at her plate.
Someone large walked down the stairs and over to stand in front of the living room fire. The man was wearing a Deputy’s outfit but he removed the hat and shirt and set them both on a nearby chair. He was in a clean white t-shirt, muscular and tall, and when he turned away from the fire, to face us, I didn’t recognize him—that is, until he pulled off hunks of skin from his face. I winced at the gruesome act…then, slowly, realized the man was pulling off latex. It was makeup.
Burle walked over and took a seat at the head of the table, directly across from me—and, finally, I could see his face – his real face – in graphic detail. The skin of his right cheek was missing from eye to chin and ear to lip. His cheekbone, teeth, tongue, uvula, and eye-socket were all visible – and the remaining skin surrounding it had scarred over. His right eye was bloodshot and the pupil was milky-white in the center, probably blind. Strangely, the rest of his face was fine; in fact, if not for the right side, he would’ve been considered classically handsome.
Jen set a plate down in front of Burle, then a plate in front of each girl, a plate in front of me, and then one at the only remaining empty spot, between one of the kids and Burle. The meal was meat, carrots, and potatoes in gravy…and it smelled delicious – which made me kind of nauseous. Jen also set small glasses of milk down in front of the girls and a beer in front of Burle, another in front of me, and then one at the empty setting.
Burle gave a nod and, as a last order of business, Jen came to my side with a key in her hand. “I’m only gonna say this once,” she whispered to me, sticking the key into the lock on the chain, “…but, whatever you do…don’t try to escape. Please.” Then she unlocked the chains around my hands and backed away with a wide smile across her lips. She removed the apron and hung it up and took her seat between Burle and the chin-less child.
Both children reached a hand over to me as everyone took hands for prayer.
“Sissy, why don’t you say a blessing…” Jen told the young girl with the face of an eighty year old.
Sissy nodded.
“As Abraham said to Lot, ‘Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren,’” the young girl said, her voice squeaky but focused.
Everyone said, “Amen,” except me…so everyone patiently waited.
“A…men…” I said, warily. (I still hadn’t the slightest goddamn clue what was happening – after murdering a bunch of people, they decided…to make me their dinner guest? I kept wondering.)
Everyone began eating…except me. I stared at the food with a mixture of horror and curiosity. Were they eating Mike? Or Craig?
“It’s venison,” Jen told me. “Nothin’ to be worried about. We ain’t total savages.”
I chuckled. They had recently murdered a bunch of people – not to mention, their choice in beer was Bud Light – so there wasn’t no way they were gonna talk me out of their crazy, no matter how Norman Rockwell their evening dinners got. These people were fucking bananas. I did, however, take a small sip of Bud Light…and, since it didn’t taste poisoned, immediately followed it up with a larger gulp of the swill.
My other hand had slipped under the table after the “amen” so, while chugging the beer, I fished into my pocket and found my cell phone, turned off the ringer, hit the center button twice (the face of it was cracked, probably from my fall), and then tapped the bottom left corner—
Burle grunted.
Jen looked up at Burle, then over to me.
“Your phone ain’t gonna work,” she told me.
Burle grunted again.
Jen looked at him and then back at me.
“Ain’t no one gonna find you, neither,” she said, matter-of-factly, “so just eat yer food, get yer strength.”
My gun had been removed from the holster, as well; I checked before setting my hand back on the table. I picked up a fork and poked at the food while sneaking glances toward the windows. Outside, I could see forest; nothing defining, nothing peculiar. The house was nice, a two-stories wood cabin, polished and clean, lived-in, warm, friendly – and fancy enough that it wouldn’t have been in the area we had been searching earlier. Best I could guess, we were so far south that the trail was a day’s walk, at least. Wherever we were, it definitely wasn’t where the police thought we were – that was for sure.
“Try it,” Jen said, noticing that I hadn’t had a bite yet.
“I’ve…lost my appetite,” I admitted.
Burle let out an angry growl.
“I’m insulted,” Jen whined.
I stabbed a hunk of the sopping brown meat…and lifted it off the plate…and opened my mouth…and brought it to my lips, oily juices dripping off it…and—
The front door suddenly opened.
Jen had a gun drawn and pointed at the door faster than anyone could realize what was happening – and Burle was out of his seat, ready to fight.
“Pappy!” Jen happily cried out. “Why didn’t you tell me you was bringing groceries over tonight? We’d have waited to eat.”
“Nah, didn’t wantch’all ta trouble yerselfs,” an old, familiar voice said.
I didn’t need to look up to know who it was.
The old front-desk clerk from the motel walked in carrying plastic bags.
Both kids ran over to give hugs and help him.
And then it all made sense:
Jen had contacted me, pretended to be someone else, got me to come to the area, and recommended a motel – where she could watch me. They’d been watching me every second I’d been there….but why?
“Pappy, sit and eat with us,” the children pleaded.
Jen made up an extra plate with silverware and a napkin in the spot between Sissy and I; and, once all the bags were in the kitchen, the old man took his seat.
“Look’t the scared young’un over here,” the old man said of me as he got comfortable.
I was definitely scared but had yet to realize that my face was frozen in a stupid expression until he said something—then I switched it up to my best poker face (which, truthfully, wasn’t much better).
“He’s just gettin’ settled in,” Jen told him.
Everyone went about eating their hearty dinner…well, everyone except me.
“Y’all tell him why he ain’t dead yet?” the old man asked and looked around.
Burle let out a small grunt.
Jen shook her head.
The old man turned to me and gave a smile so wide I could see the yellow and black of his teeth, could smell the decay on his breath…
“Well, son,” he said to me with a laugh, mouth full and meaty juices dripping down his chin, “yer gonna help us.”
9
I wasn’t responding yet, just listening—and that’s when I happened to hear one of the greatest sounds in the world, a sound that caught my breath in my throat and made my heart beat faster…it was a police siren.
The old man gave a quick chuckle.
“That’s a fire truck – tell by the siren. And they ain’t comin’ for you, I guarantee that,” he said and nodded. “They on their way to a blaze in that for’ist. Gonna find a lot of bones and bodies – but they ain’t gonna find you.” He laughed harder. “Hell, they ain’t gonna be comin’ for you any time soon—they think you all dead, son!” And then he laughed so hard his face turned red and he almost choked on the bite in his mouth.
I eyed up the nearest window – it’s close – and wondered if I could make it through the glass and onto the ground outside before anyone got to me; it was unlikely I’d make it. However, if there was one thing I still found reassuring – there was a road nearby. Wherever we were, it was close to a road, and that road was close enough to a town for a fire truck to pass.
So, we weren’t in the middle of nowhere.
Still, none of it made sense yet:
“So you staged all this?” I asked, looking between the old man and Jen, who was quietly eating and sneaking glances at me. “You kill…what, five strangers—”
Burle slammed his fist on the table, his shoulders hulking up and down with each heated breath.
“They wasn’t strangers,” Jen said, her eyes on her plate.
Boom – the investigator in me snapped to life and, for a moment, I lost sight of the threat on my life and instead focused on the story of what was happening, what had happened…
“Who were they?” I asked, picking up my fork to fish around the food on my plate. It was an innocuous, calming action; I wasn’t trying to escape, no – I was just sitting here, eating dinner, asking these horrible people a few questions.
“Pappy…” Jen said, asking permission to speak further on the situation.
I put one of the slimy carrots into my mouth and chewed it…and, to my horror, it tasted amazing. It was juicy and the hints of rosemary were revelatory—ah! I caught myself. I would continue to eat the meal but only for appearances, to seem “settled” and participatory.
Pappy nodded.
Jen perked up and stared at me with a fiery glint in her eyes.
“They was bastards of the highest order!” she angrily spat. “We got their kin!”
I was confused.
“Who’s kin?” I asked.
“The kin of the folks who broke our town!” she exclaimed, happily.
“Wait – start from the beginning…”
The local bank went into business with a hedge-fund manager working with a billionaire land developer; this much I knew from my own research. The plan was to develop beach-front land into a retirement village/resort and the bank, considering it a sure thing, leveraged their equity – as well as local retirement plans, public funds, and savings – into the project.
Four years later, nothing had been built and the financial crisis was well underway and the developers backed out of the deal – and all of the money was sunk, gone, pfft. The town went bankrupt and many were destitute. Lawsuits against the billionaire went nowhere, as he had merely leased his name, so the developers were held accountable – however, after years of litigation, the folks settled out of court for crumbs, and the developers moved, etc.
“We went after the bank-men’s kin,” Jen said, nodding her head at the two kids. “They told everyone not to worry.”
“They told us, ‘It’s a sure thing.’ Ha,” Pappy interjected, with a sour tone. “It wasn’t no sure thing – it was gettin’ in bed with a crook so they could line their own pockets.”
“So Craig in Tennessee, Mike, the married couple in Philadelphia…?” I began, shoving a huge piece of tender meat into my mouth before finishing the question – I wanted to hear them fill in the gaps.
“Kin of the bank’s board of trustees,” Jen said, smiling at me.
It had never occurred to me to research the bank’s board of trustees even though they were essentially behind the decision that led to the town’s bankruptcy – seems like an oversight but, seriously, not even I could have seen that one coming.
“Buh how ed you geh em to come?” I asked with a second mouthful of meat.  Fuck it was good… (The words came out muffled but the translation was: “But how did you get them to come?”)
“Contacted each of ‘em. Pretended it was a vacation. Paid to get ‘em out here. Asked ‘em to ‘sign up on this stupid internet meet-up site’ just to throw all y’all off. Bing-bang-boom,” Pappy said and excused himself to the kitchen, plate in hand, to get more food.
The scope of their elaborate plan was coming into focus. Literally everything had been for revenge…except me. I had nothing to do with any of it. I was the only piece that didn’t fit the puzzle.
“So why—” I said and tried to shove another piece of meat into my mouth – when I realized I had eaten everything off the plate.
Jen immediately stood up, grabbed my plate, and went for seconds. I didn’t stop her, as all of this was weirdly normalizing everything – in fact, I sipped at my beer.
Burle was across from me, staring into my eyes. His elbows were on the table and he was leaned forward, over an empty plate, glaring at me. I could see his tongue licking around inside his mouth. His brown eyes were narrowed, sizing me up; at no point in time did I feel safe from Burle. He was threatening at a distance, and I could sense that he wouldn’t hesitate to bash my head in with his fists, if need be.
“So how do I help?” I finished my question, taking my eyes off Burle to turn my head back.
“You’re gonna write this whole thing,” Pappy called out, staring into the pot as he ladled himself more food.
This was gold to my ears. As a writer, I could be anything: I could play the friendly role, no matter what they wanted – my words could be sympathetic, understanding, an addition. “It totally makes sense killing a bunch of people in an overly elaborate plan to get published!” It also meant they wouldn’t kill me immediately, as they needed me to do something for them. And it bought me time to get the fuck out of that nightmare—plsu, they couldn’t watch me every second! This, to me, was finally something I could use.
Jen ladled more food onto my plate, brought it over, set it in front of me – and then knelt to get eye-level again.
“We was lookin’ for a writer – and I had seen that stuff you wrote about your house, and buyin’ it from a police auction and the no-good things that happened afterward – with the pillow and all them windows. I said, ‘Pappy’—” Pappy joined in and they spoke in unison, “‘—we gotta have this writer.’”
“You know I’m, like, the least successful writer you could have picked, right?” I told them in a moment of honesty. (Really, I felt it was an odd, poor choice on their part – good rule of thumb: if you want your word to get out, don’t choose a writer whose material is always getting fucking destroyed.)
Jen actually looked sad.
“Yer…yer a good writer,” she said and nodded and then she stood up.
Burle’s attention had shifted off me and he was now watching Jen—and Jen seemed to notice, too, as she walked over to Burle and put a hand on his shoulder and leaned down and kissed him – and it wasn’t just a friendly peck, either; I could see her tongue enter his mouth, the two of their tongues sloppily intertwining, strings of saliva.
My mouth dropped…
(It’s to be mentioned once more: they were brother and sister.)
Pappy beamed at the lovers proudly.
The two children giggled. (Their physical deformities began to make a bit more sense.)
uum rumph
There was a muffled sound from somewhere close by…then rattling – which grew into banging and thrashing. A nearby coat hanging on the wall fell to the ground because of the thumping.
“Goddamnit, John Marcus! That cop wasn’t supposed to wake up!” Pappy cursed.
Burle pushed Jen back several steps (she hadn’t been expecting it and nearly fell over) and then he got up and stormed over to a nearby door and opened it to reveal a closet with walls covered in thick plastic—and I nearly vomited.
A torso was hanging from a meat-hook and I couldn’t tell if it was human or animal – but, what really horrified me, was below it: a naked man, bound and gagged on the floor, covered in blood that had dripped off the hanging torso.
“Noo—he wasn’t supposed to see that,” Jen whined and then turned to catch my gaze. “It’s venison, I swear.” At that moment, I seriously doubted the meat we had been eating was venison – but I was too preoccupied by what was transpiring to throw up. (It was definitely on my list of things to do, though.)
Burle dragged the naked man out of the closet. His mouth was taped, his hands and feet hogtied behind his back. His face and hair and eyes were covered in blood but he still frantically twisting his head around to try and see what was happening.
“Sissy, get the bucket. Margarete, grab the saw,” Jen ordered the kids after regaining her balance.
Burle reorganized the naked man’s position so that he was on his knees, bent over, with his hands and feet tied behind his back and under his thighs. Sissy (the girl with the face of an eighty year old) and Margarete (the chin-less child) had run out of room and returned. Sissy set a large tin bucket in the plastic-covered closet and Margarete stood aside with a rusted hand saw.
“Make it quick, gabnabit!” huffed Pappy.
“I’m sorry,” Jen said of the inconvenience. “This’ll just take a moment.”
Burle was gruff in his movements. He grabbed the man by the hair on the back of his head, lifted him higher, shoved his head over the tin bucket, and grabbed the rusty hand-saw.
The naked man screamed into the gag as the rusted blade violently slid back and forth into the skin and crack and crunch through the spine and hack-hack-hack until the screaming stopped and Burle’s hand was the only thing holding the head up.
10
Shock isn’t something I’ve become accustomed to, at least not yet. Grizzled police detectives look at the most grotesque crime scenes and then go out for lunch and beers, or they go home to family and sleep peacefully; because they’ve seen the deepest depravities. I, on the other hand, barely ate before all this (I’m muscular but lanky) and I don’t have any family, nor am I good at sleeping peaceful, so I was screwed from the beginning – but now I get horrifically surprising reminders that I wasn’t cut out for the path I’ve chosen, and I get these awful reminders on a pretty regular basis. Hearing a man pleading, begging, screaming into a gag as his throat was sawed through from the back – and by someone who performed the task with such a ridiculously brutal, almost mechanical efficiency – I mean, Christ almighty. Not only did I have to look away but breathe, focus on breathing to stay level, stay conscious.
Breathe…breathe…breathe…
The children giggled at the large fountain of blood and the sickening thump of the severed head as it hit the tin bucket on the closet floor—but Burle glared at they kids and both children instantly quieted. He shoved the crumpled-up corpse into the closet as if it was nothing more than junk, and then he shut the door.
Breathe, stay awake, focus…
My head felt weak and my eyes looked up and I was dizzy; death was a feeling, that loss of life, the absence of space when someone passed on – and I was crushing under it, like the air was a shoe and I was an ant—and next thing I knew, Jen was leading me down a hallway with Burle lumbering behind. My feet were barely working and I stumbled to keep up. It’s like waking, like shaking yourself awake from a short nap. Disorienting, a gap in time, confusion, a lack of focus.
Jen opened a door and entered and I could hear her walking down stairs. When I rounded the threshold, I saw old wooden stairs leading down to a dank basement – but that’s not what caught my attention. There was a weighted pulley system above the staircase – presumably to lift up the stairs, which led down a good fifteen feet into the stone basement.
Mnt! growled Burle and shoved me forward a bit.
“Oh fuck!” I cursed and nearly fell down the stairs.
The distance each step was wide and the full staircase itself was short, so it took a chain handrail to successfully navigate down. And, there was plenty of light at the bottom, with several shelves of miscellaneous junk and open space and cobwebbed rafters overhead. In one corner was the oldest Mac computer I’d ever seen – with a desk and fold-up chair both covered in pea-green pleather. There was also a cot in one corner with an itchy-looking grey rug/blanket—and, maybe most worrisome, was a giant metal tin beside the bed; I wasn’t sure if it was a blood bucket for my future decapitation or a makeshift bathroom – and I wasn’t really certain which was worst.
Jen stood in the center of the room, waiting for me with a giant smile. Burle followed behind. The three of us gathered together the only source of light, a hanging bulb in the center of the room.
“Pappy says you got three days to write about the crime…” Jen said and turned and pointed at the old Mac computer; then she turned back, beaming.
“The murders?” I asked aloud, certain I didn’t understand.
“No, silly. The bankers. The people that stole all’a Pappy’s money,” corrected Jen.
“Dump ‘em and get back up here!” Pappy yelled from the top floor.
I held up my hand.
“But wait – if Pappy’s up there, who’s runnin’ hell?” I asked, dead-serious.
“You mean the motel?” inquired Jen.
Neither Burle nor Jen seemed to understand sarcasm, which could prove entertaining in these final hours – though Burle still got annoyed, even when he didn’t understand.
He shoved my shoulder, pushing me toward the computer.
“Just use that computer to write,” Jen told me. “It’s what you do best.”
I cracked a smile – her comment had given me an idea.
But it would be an idea I’d need to save, at least for now…
“The world will be so anxious to hear from you – especially when they realize that your remains weren’t in the fire! You’ll be the most sought after writer in the world. And not only that!—your final work will be reviled by the world!” Jen said before leaving—but I had to stop her.
Final work, eh? So I guess I’m a dead man.
“Wait, reviled? You want them to hate it? Or do you mean revered?” I asked, ignoring the fact they were obviously about to murder me. (I had already assumed as much.)
“Yes! That’s it – revered.” She shook her head. “I get a little nervous talking to you and it makes my head all vit vit vit.” She whooshed her hands around her head.
And then they left me alone. 
Just as I had suspected, the pulley system above the staircase collapsed the stairs and pulled them up, entirely blocking off the only exit.
I was trapped, alone, and about to die.
72 hours…
They wanted something that would let the world know of the crimes that had been perpetrated against Jen, John Marcus, and ole’ Pappy Dewitt—not the countless crimes that they themselves had perpetrated, mind you, no matter how horrific those crimes happened to be.
I don’t have any fucking floo powder – how do they expect me to find answers?
They had provided no interviews, no evidence, no ability to research, no names, nothing; however, in this day and age, baseless stories didn’t seem to matter to the news media so…
The computer was an extremely old Apple Macintosh, complete with floppy disk drive, one-button mouse, and archaically click-y keyboard – all the color of desert sand. It took an extra minute to locate the button on the back that turned the machine on – DUHHHHN it chimed – and then I got to business.
Real business: taking inventory.
I searched every musty shelf in that basement. Mostly, I found spiders – but there were useful items here and there. A box of old, dust-covered batteries. Box of yellowed papers. A ton of gardening supplies. Spool of thin copper and random gauges of wire. Flint and limestone pebbles, chalk. Grille. Viola with bow and tuner. Rusted tools – none that could be used as weapons but a few with small, curved ends that could chisel or pry. And then, suddenly my luck changed—I found an entire, unopened pint of whiskey hidden behind some baskets. High proof.
“Score one for the writer,” I said to myself and grabbed it and unsealed the cap and took a large swig. The sweet nectar caught my breath and I made a sour face…and then took another swig, stuffing the bottle into my back pocket afterward.
My gun had been taken out of the holster but my wallet and keys were still with me. Also, my phone was in my pocket and I took it out and set it on the green pleather desktop. Jen had said “it wouldn’t work” but she hadn’t said why. The screen was cracked but that didn’t guarantee it wouldn’t work…not only that, the crack was very specific, a spiral out from the center. Someone had taken my phone out, smashed it with something, and then gently put it back in my pocket. I assumed it was Jen, as the act took delicacy – if it had been Burle, he’d have probably just eaten it or something, the goddamn maniac. The battery was also probably dead.
72 hours to figure out a way to fix the LED screen of a smart phone, as well as build a charger – without tools. Should be easy, especially since I know nothing about either of those things.
I shuffled the bottle around in my back pocket so I could sit at the old Macintosh computer. After navigating the black-and-white OS, I found and opened a text document and wrote:
The crystalline mountain creaks cascaded down miles of rock and rich soil to reach the rural town of Riverbend, population 3,000. It was never a bustling area, always keen to stay quiet and tucked back from the Walmarts and the highways and even the bourgeois comforts of Starbucks and Redbox and so on. To be sure, it was one of the last true vestiges of Americana, a community frozen in Make America Great Again anthracite, almost as a residual from the Cold War-era. And it’s here that a family of fucking psychopaths kidnapped me.
I sighed and deleted the previous line.
They may have been idiots for choosing the least successful writer in modern history to author their tale…but, if there was one thing these psychos had underestimated, it was my ability to write – even about shit I knew nothing about. (It’s how I got through school.) I could certainly finish whatever drib-drab they wanted within a few hours—hell, by the end of 72 hours I could write half a book – a book that’s, like, 90% flourish and nonsense but a pretty good book about their hardships, nevertheless.
So I had the perimeter of my situation: no exit, no weapon, murderous psychopaths, 10,000 words, broken phone, old computer, small amount of supplies, and a kidnapper who liked me.
…it’s not impossible, I thought and took another swig of the whiskey. All I gotta do is just suddenly get a lot smarter.

The first thing I did was write an extended amount of bubbly nonsense for their story, and then I spread it around the computer’s folders so I could get ahead and add sections of text to buy time. Then I remained at the computer desk and, using the jagged tools, carefully pried the LED screen off my phone—GRRRRRRK the stairs opened and landed solid against the concrete basement floor.
Jen came down the staircase carrying a tray of various things – and I waited for Burle to follow behind but he didn’t. She was wearing a timid, light-brown nightgown that hung loose and covered her whole body.
—I immediately snapped the screen back into the phone and put it in my pocket.
“I brought you a few things,” Jen said at a low volume and set the tray beside the cot to come look at what I was writing—but then she stopped and asked, “Where did you find that?”
“Oh, that?” I asked, turning away from the computer. “I pace when I’m stuck and I found it. Hope you don’t mind.”
Jen walked over and picked up the viola and bow that I had pulled from off a musty shelf and set out on the floor – close to the bed, so it looked nonchalantly placed, but in open space to make it more obvious to the eye.
“I…used to play it when I was younger,” Jen said and quickly grabbed it and picked up the viola and bow and walked them back to a shelf and buried them under things. “But please don’t touch things that don’t belong to you.”
She turned and walked back to the stairs. I wanted to stop her and keep her talking but she was up, out, and the staircase was gone before I could really say anything more – plus, I didn’t want to provoke. I needed to engage her naturally.

I tried to console myself but all I could think was:
Fuck, this is going to be the worst thing ever.
With the water Jen had brought down, and the cloth sheet on the cot, I’d spill a small amount of water and wiped the positive and negative connectors on each 9v. battery I could locate in the box of batteries I had found – and then, once clean, I licked them. It was awful for many reasons, not the least of which was the taste and mystery behind the batteries original uses; but, I didn’t have a battery tester.
“—uh! Fub,” I cursed when, finally, one of the 9v. batteries shocked me.

I was walking back-and-forth, thinking. It hadn’t been a lie when I told Jen I paced when I was stuck – but it wasn’t writing that had me caught up. I felt like there were enough supplies around me to wiggle some extra options free.

—GRRRRRRK.
“Don’t you ever sleep,” Jen asked, carrying down another tray.
Her last tray had been water and snacks; now she was bringing down breakfast – French toast, orange juice, buttered wheat toast, eggs (over-easy), and a flower in a tiny vase.
“Not really,” I confessed.
It felt like perpetual midnight in that basement – a time when I thrived most.
Jen set the tray down, picked up the one from the night before, and headed back toward the steep staircase.
“Hey, real quick…” I said, stopping her.
She gave me a wary look.
“Some of this stuff I’m writing, I’m going to need…I’m going to need to do research,” I said. “Like, on the internet. And I’m gonna need an interview with you. Is that okay?”
Really, I had reached 10,000 words in about four hours – half the time I had expected. Now I could say I was done at any point in time; however, it needed a lot of research, names, dates, etc.
“No internet,” she said, shaking her head as she left…but she didn’t say anything about the interview.
The stairs went back up.

With the cracked LED screen pried up, I was able to find one of the tiny cables connecting the phone and screen had been bent up and damaged. So, fixing it was questionable. On top of that, I was using spare wires I had stripped to connect the positive and negative of the 9v., and then connecting those to a strand of copper wire that was attached to the internal battery – but it didn’t guarantee the 9v. would charge the internal battery or provide it with enough life to make a call; and, since I had to detach the LED screen to fix the cables, there was no way to find out if the battery had charged until the screen was fixed.
I could feel my brain slowing from exhaustion – so I hid the phone, keeping the internal battery connected to the 9v., and actually fell asleep.

—GRRRRRRK.
I startled awake.
Jen walked down carrying a new tray – but, this time, she kept silent. I was beginning to assume that Burle was in the hallway at the top of the steep staircase, listening. Which was a bad sign, and supremely unhelpful to my escape…
She set the new tray down – and this time it had a new flower, in another tiny vase, as well as two sandwiches (with pastrami and cheese) and a bottle of water.
Before leaving, she gave me a glance and said, “We’ll give you an interview after dinner.”
“Everyone? All at once?” I asked, moving to the edge of the cot and wiping the sleep from my eyes.
“Yes. Pappy and John Marcus and me,” she replied.
“Not the kids?” I asked, curious.
Jen paused, surprised by the question.
“No,” she answered in a solemn tone, “not the kids.”
I nodded.
“Okay.”
And then Jen left, closing the stairs behind her.

It took hours of messing with the connectors on the LED cables before the screen lit up—and I gasped. (It was the second time in my life I ever audibly gasped.) It was hope. It was a win. It was possibly salvation.
No bars. No service.
I chuckled.
Something horror movies don’t tell people – and something young people should know, in case it proves useful – is that the monopolies running wireless coverage are obligated, by law, to connect emergency calls; even if your cell provider doesn’t cover the area you’re in, if ANY provider covers that area, they’re obligated to connect emergency calls. (I learned this at a previous job as a 911 dispatcher.)
Too bad the screen had been smashed so badly that it was barely responsive or I might have been able to hit the emergency line button right away and saved myself.
Nope, course not.
So I had to constantly unlock and touch the screen, hoping that wherever I hit happened to magically select emergency. My lock screen had an entire keypad of numbers, as well as emergency and cancel – which meant it would often tell me that I had entered the wrong password and I would have to hit the unlock button again and start over. I could tell the difference between the blank screen and the lock screen (where the emergency button was) – but, eventually, I got locked out of my phone after mashing the screen too many times. This did, actually, decrease the options on the screen, giving me a much greater chance of hitting emergency…though, to my absolute not-surprise, it still seemed impossible to hit the single goddamn word on the screen.
So I sat at the computer, with the phone in my lap, while I read over what I’d written and added more, touching the LED screen in the hopes that I’d finally reach—
“Dispatch, what is your emergency?” asked a distant voice.
11
Cooking multiple courses takes skill.
I unstrung the viola and then tightly re-strung the metallic strings tightly, all four strings together as one, on the high string.
Anyone can fry up meat in a pan with potatoes – but it’s the juggling, the multi-tasking prioritization of delicately balance each course, what needs what and when, that separates the lunch prep from the head chef.
Finding a piece of steel was a larger challenge than I expected – steel that was big enough to work but small enough to remain innocuous. In the end, I broke the handle off a dull hand-shovel and bent it and tucked it under the cot—where there was already so many things I’d hidden that it was an enormous risk…
My grandfather had been in the military and he always said, “Everything works together. From atoms in Physics to the arms of the Armies to the ingredients in each dish – every piece is important, and every piece needs to be treated as such. No one thing is more important than another because they all contribute to the whole. And if one goes up in smoke—well then, the whole thing’s a disaster.”
He had been the one to teach me how to cook…amongst other things.
“We’re gonna need three chairs,” I told Jen, pointing into the open area of the basement. “And I want you in the first seat, Burle in the middle – do we have a translator for Burle?” I asked. Jen looked at me, curious, and I chuckled. “I’m joking. He can use sock puppets or crayons or something. Um, and then Pappy on the end. Is that okay? Do you have chairs?”
Jen nodded – she was weirdly overwhelmed. I was in full journalist mode, serious and commanding and well-prepared – very, very well-prepared. I had already told her the article would be done tonight and, since then, there had been an electricity to her – a static excitement. She only came down maybe once or twice to ask questions or bring me more food but I could tell this was all very new for her.
As far as Jen was concerned, this was the nightly news and I was lead anchor.
“I may be over in the corner talking to myself,” I added, “ but it’s just so I can hear the questions out loud, not because I’m crazy.”
Jen let out a maniacal laugh that creeped me out.
“Yup,” I shook my head, ignoring the fact that she was, deep down, bat-shit fuckin’ crazy. “And please give me a ten-minute notice before you’re ready to come down, please.”
“Oh? Okay. Uh, ten minute warning then – they’re ready,” she said, setting up three chairs in the center of the basement.
“Think of the Spartan’s Phalanax,” my grandfather told me. “Every shield together forms a wall. Every blade ready. Push forward. Thrust. Every soldier is important or else the army gets through the line. Simmer too long and the sauce burns and ruins the meal.”
And then it was show time…
I was ready.
“Burle is gonna stand,” Jen told me as the other two came down the steep staircase.
Fuck! I thought.
Pappy came down first and he had my 9mm in his hand – cocked, with the safety disengaged (two details I only knew thanks to weapons training).
Double fuck! I thought.
The green pleather chair was facing the other three kitchen chairs and, even disheartened, I took my seat with a pad and pen that Jen had graciously brought me.
Pappy took the seat to one end and Burle stood behind the chairs and Jen sat in the middle. Pappy keep the gun in his hand and resting against his thigh, pointed toward me. Burle had his arms crossed; he wasn’t wearing purple sweatpants but ordinary blue jeans and a white t-shirt that accentuated his muscles.
“How many people do you think you’ve killed?” – it was my first question, possibly the most important to me.
“Not many,” Pappy answered, purposely vague.
“How long have you been doing this?”
Pappy rolled his eyes.
“Some time,” he answered.
“Look,” I stopped him, “this article needs a human perspective. If I tell everyone about a bank stealing people’s money, you know what readers are gonna think? ‘What’s new?’ – that’s what they’ll say. And then they won’t read the article because it’s old goddamn news. However, you’re all murderers. And it’s a result of corruption. So let’s tell your story. Change it however you want so that people can’t find you or whatever but the only way people care, the only way people take notice – tell your story. Help them understand. Help them identify, no matter how crazy the situation. Otherwise, what am I doing here?”
“Can I tell him about the Brazilian couple?” Jen asked.
Burle grunted and Jen looked down, discouraged—but Pappy gave her a nod, and she brought her head up, and…

Years and years ago, a married couple from Brazil had been hiking the Appalachian Trail. The woman was four months pregnant but the trip had been planned just before the pregnancy and the couple thought it might be good exercise to do at least a small portion of the trail. And after about two days of hiking, they encountered a young woman.
“They were both so sweet,” Jen told me. Her eyes had a slight glaze to them as she reminisced, as if reliving the event.
The young woman had been running the trail, for exercise, when she encountered the married couple – but their chance encounter led to an invite to dinner, which the married couple graciously accepted.
A hot meal sounded quite good to them.
This was actually something the young woman did on occasion – invite home hikers, campers, passers-by.
“They taught me a Brazilian lullaby, which I still sing to the kids,” Jen went on fondly. “But…”
Jen glanced at Burle, who was glaring at her.
The Brazilian couple came back to the house and ate a nice meal.
“It was just by chance, you know…that that would be the night John Marcus came home from the Marines.”
The sight of her husband – the man who walked through that front door – caused the young woman to scream. She knew he had been wounded but this—
“Wait,” I said, holding up my head. “Burl—John Marcus’ face is like that…from military service? Not dermatitis?”
“Nah, he’s a deserter,” scoffed Pappy.
“But he did have dermatitis when he was younger,” nodded Jen.
The young woman’s husband had abandoned his post – and ended up getting wounded on his journey out of the Middle East, when someone near him tripped a landmine.
“But how come I didn’t know that? How come the police didn’t release his military record when they—”
Burle grunted, cutting me off.
“Nah, I don’t rightly imagine they’d mention his military history,” chuckled Pappy…but he explained no further, and they refused to answer anything else about John Marcus Dewitt’s military history.
The sight of the hideous man standing in the front threshold – and the screaming, it was all too much.
The pregnant woman went into premature labor.
“We…we tried to help them. But John Marcus – he didn’t want no ambulance, no one calling the police…no one finding out what he’d done,” Jen said and shot a sorrowful glance down.
That night was the beginning, the line…

“Well that is just…incredibly awful,” I told them and stood up.
Pappy tightened his grip on the gun.
Burle tensed his entire body, uncrossing his arms.
“Sorry,” I told them. “It’s just…I need to pace sometimes. To think.” I set the pad and pen on the chair and held up my hands to show that they were empty.
Pappy nodded that it was okay.
Burle remained tense.
I only walked a few feet away, toward the bed.
“Once this is all over…do you think you’ll get away with all this?” I had to ask.
“Point ain’t to survive this,” said Pappy.
“It’s to let people know,” Jen nodded.
I walked over to the bed and absent-mindedly kicked at the mattress while thinking it over.
“But what about your kids?” I asked Jen directly.
“The kids,” she said in a voice deep with remorse, “have already been dealt with…”
I stopped kicking at the bed.
“Um…what?” I asked, a bit stunned by the response.
“And they just wen’ on to sleep,” Pappy answered for her. “No pain.” He patted Jen’s knee in a consoling way.
“Wait—you killed your fucking kids?” I asked, harshly, in an accusatory tone.
Jen didn’t look back up.
“Point ain’t to survive this,” repeated Pappy.
“Believe me, you won’t,” I said—and then kicked the bottom of the cot as hard as I could. The piece of steel stuck to the tip of my shoe sparked the flint hidden at the base of the mattress—tsss—and the spark caught the gunpowder and lit up bright with fiery blues and orange sparkles dashing along the short trail.
I dove out of the way.
—BOOOM!—
The explosion filled the basement with smoke and sparks and pebbles.
The overhead bulb blew out—the basement went dark.
12
How many times, dear readers, have I sat here, looking at this spot, ready and willing to write this part of the story, to finish this and move on…yet found that I cannot. There’s been something holding me back – which really means something’s wrong ‘cause I could write 10,000 words about a sneeze before lunch. I write; it’s what I do.
But sometimes life gets in the way – even though life is just a series of circumstances connected only by you personally. It was you that read that sentence; it’s you reading this one right-goddamn-now – and it’s you later tonight, or earlier, or when you forgot to pick up butter again, goddamn it! It’s always you – these words are your words and thoughts and pictures the second your eyes find my words. You are the main character of your life story. It’s like my favorite relationship advice: you are the only consistent factor in every relationship – so, if every significant other is a selfish asshole who doesn’t appreciate you…well, maybe your next relationship should be with a mirror and bottle of Wild Turkey—like Martin Sheen in the beginning of Apocalypse Now.
Point is: I’ve been many things in life, not all of them positive. But when the day ends, I want to wake up every morning knowing that, in my heart, I tried my best to be a good person.
My grandfather always gave the same toast, no matter the event:
“If you cheat, may it be death. And if you steal, may it be the heart of the one you love most. But if you fight – you fight for family and you go to the goddamn mattresses.”
Of course, he also turned out to be a world-renowned thief, so…
This is what I do know: in addition to (trying to be) a good person, I am a writer. (Technically a journalist – but that’s just semantics.) And some days I wake up and I’m not completely certain I’m a good person anymore—but I’m always certain I’m a fucking writer. A learner. An observant absorber.
Experience.
Write.
Share.
But sometimes that brings so much more and…well, it can make a person into something they don’t want to be, into something they never intended.
This is how I became a murderer.

I made a garrote from the four viola strings – about a foot’s length and twisted together as one tight, unbreakable wire tied to small wood plants and taped to fist-sized stone – which I kept hidden under my left sleeve.
I shredded the wooden viola itself, sharpening a shard of wood to tuck in my sock.
You can never be too prepared, right?
Of course, I’d also need a distraction…
“Charcoal. Sulfur. These things are at any gardening store. They’re common, especially in soil. And you can get saltpeter out of urine. KNO-three. Niter. British called it Nitre – R-E, not E-R. Sounds the same, though.” My grandfather would mix or muddle or squelch things as he spoke, always maintaining eye-contact. “It’s also common to ground fertilizers and gardening soil. And there’s a way…” he would continue, at length, about things such as naturally occurring elements and how to find them and concentrate them – but I would eventually tune out, so young that I couldn’t be bothered by such things as saltpeter in soil or piss or wherever.
At least, not until it became pertinent…
Sifting the grill got me unburned charcoal, and the gardening bags had enough saltpeter and sulfur – enough to eventually cause damage but nothing lethal – and not enough to blow a hole through the wall, as I had initially hoped. I also thought about using it on the stairs and setting it off as they came down, or detonating it at night to run out the door – but it was all just too risky.
Best case scenario was to have them in front of me; less surprises, easier to attack.
There were ceramic potting plants so I choose a narrow one and added a small amount of whiskey to the gunpowder to better concentrate it at the bottom of the pot.
“After you muddle it for about twenty-four hours, then you can add a small bit of water – or, better yet, a flammable liquid,” my grandfather had told me, “but no more than 8% of the whole – it’ll make it gooey, so you can stick it places. And the more flammable the liquid is, the bigger the concussive impact.”
Overtop the ground powder, I sprinkled a few small pebbles of limestone – so that, when the gunpowder blew out in a specific direction (thanks to the cannon-like shape of the ceramic pot), the limestone pebbles would scatter like marbles in a claymore mine…well, more or less. The pebbles were shrapnel, just not lethal – no chance of them shooting at a velocity that could mortally wound someone. More like chucking handfuls dirt and rock in someone’s face.
Then, where to fucking hide it?—I had to have it aimed at the center of the room for it to work as a distraction – since that’s all it would be, with the small amount of gunpowder I was able to make. So I hid the ceramic pot in an obvious place, near the cot, tipped over and long forgotten – pointed right at the center but nonchalant, like it had been there forever. I even covered it with cobwebs and dirt. No matter where they sat specifically, as long as it was in the center of the room, the diversion would work – though I wanted it to hit Pappy or Burle hardest, which it didn’t.
I kept a wedge of flint next to the pot, spare gunpowder and whiskey spread in line like dirt. It was a fuse between the flint and the gunpowder in the ceramic pot—and then I stuck a piece of steel to the end of my shoe, as kicking steal against flint naturally causes sparks.
But I had to remember: this might not even be an escape anymore.
Hopefully, this was now just biding time.
If only there was a goddamn window, I’d jump out that bitch so fucking hard…

The light overhead blew out in sparks and the basement filled with a stuffy, choking smoke in the darkness.
The most intense three minutes of my life followed.
“YOU CAN COME HELP ME NOW!” I screamed at the broken cellphone lying on top of the cot. I had left the speaker on so, hopefully, the police were listening to everything – but I had no idea of battery life (the battery symbol was too cracked to make out), and when dispatch had finally received the call, it was incredibly hard to use the microphone or speaker. And then the sounds on the other end died away even as the light of the phone remained on, giving me hope.
So I was probably all alone, but there was hope…
In the darkness and smoke, I leapt toward the disoriented trio—and I was up and over Pappy, pinning him to the chair, keeping his arms down, hitting his fucking face with solid jabs – but it still wasn’t enough to get the gun free from his hand. Jen grabbed my hair and pushed at my face and Burle was close and Pappy had a vise-like grip on to that gun—BOW!—it went off accidentally, and there was a burst of light…
The bullet caught Jen square in the chest and passed right through her body. She fell over dead in the darkness that followed; however, in that split-second of light, I thought I saw the bullet exit out the back of Jen’s chair and hit Burle in the arm – but the flash was quick, so I couldn’t be certain.
There was a brief moment of shock in everyone—and then the battle raged on with Pappy; it was harder fought than I expected, and the death of Jen gave him more strength to persevere. I was stronger but I just wasn’t able to overpower him, to get the gun away—so we struggled while Burle remained suspiciously absent. Pappy spat in my face and I could smell curdled fish on his breath…and, our hands on the gun—we suddenly both had the same idea. We struggled and he bit at my nose and we pointed the gun barrel out—and then up, over our heads—I used my forehead to crushing Pappy’s old nose, and then quickly pointed the gun barrel square under Pappy’s jaw—BOW!—and, again by accident, he pulled the trigger.
Face and head and teeth and bone and brain splattered everywhere.
“Now I have a gun, motherfucker!” I screamed out into the darkness as I backed away from the chair.
Burle was still suspiciously absent, hidden in the darkness.
I fired a shot in the direction of Burle—but hit nothing; in fact, the flash of light helped Burle find me. He had been bent down over Jen’s limp body—not anymore, though, and Burle rammed me with his massive, trunk-like body.
His full-body rush hit me with the impact of a bulldozer.
BOW—the gun exploded as it flew out of my hand and disappeared into the darkness.
In the darkness, Burle picked me up off the ground with one hand and, with the other, he grabbed my throat—and then he was holding me with just that hand, squeezing my throat. Instantly, I felt the life blacking out of me and an icy chill crawling up my body.
Burle held me closer and grunted in my face—and that’s when I got him, right in the ribcage.
After he rushed me, and I fell to the ground, I had immediately grabbed the sharpened piece of wood tucked into my shoe – and the pointed end slid in-between Burle’s ribs, hopefully into a lung. And then I snapped the wood so it was broken off inside him.
This had a much smaller impact than I expected—Burle instinctively dropped me to my feet but, almost immediately, I could feel his heavy fist swing through the air and narrowly miss my face; had it connected, that would’ve been the end of the story. I think about that, life within inches.
But Burle’s swing missed, and it let me know exactly where he was standing—so I jumped back, just out of reach and ducking away. There was still one trick left up my sleeve (literally) and I pulled the garrote out and held both the stones in one hand, the wire loose.
Burle rushed at me again, like before, but this time I was expecting it—and instead of taking the brunt of the impact, I joined his momentum by jumping on him like a toddler giving their parent a hug. He quickly thrust me aside and I rolled, circling around him in the darkness—a stone in each hand, pulling the wire taut…and I wrapped the tight wire around his face from behind. Again, I was forced to jump on him to lower the wire over his throat—and he twisted and turned and swung and grunted—but once the wire was lowered just a bit, snug around his throat…well, it was over.
I pulled so hard that the viola string wires cut halfway through Burle’s throat, severing every major artery and even his esophagus. Blood sprayed out so thick and heavy that it was in the air itself, like dust.
Burle tried to fight an extra moment but then gurgled and dropped to his knees.
I, however, remained standing.
Dripping the blood of others.
A murderer.
music cue
13
The Cuca is a Brazilian boogeyman in a children’s lullaby:
Nana neném, que a Cuca vem pegar/mamãe foi pra roça, papai foi trabalhar…
…which translates too:
Sleep baby, otherwise the Cuca will get you/Papa’s in the fields, mama went to work
Or, more bluntly, “Go to sleep or the boogeyman will come, and no one’s around to protect you.” (I also found regional bits. One such part included the verse: Boogeyman, get off the roof/Let [name] sleep peacefully)
It’s a base fear instilled in all creatures; that something will take us from home, that nothing will protect us.
This was the lullaby Margarete Dewitt was singing through her hair when the group of hikers (with their murderer leader; also, her mother) found her in the woods—just before she told at them, accurately, that they would all die. Then, the child ran off into the forest. (They later found the bodies of the children, in their beds, both with peaceful expressions on their faces; they had passed away during a nap, after their parents made them drink a cocktail of grape flavoring, Valium, chloral hydrate, cyanide and Phenergan.)
This Cuca lullaby has haunted me ever since. It reminds me of betrayal, of my own gullibility, of the children I couldn’t save, the lives I took, and the many who died at the hands of these wild maniacs. The words to the lullaby are beautiful when sung in the native Portuguese language, and it’s probably a derivative of the “Hush little baby, don’t say a word” lullaby that made It into the English language – something to help us drift off into an innocent slumber. But, the idea that we need to be protected, that there’s something out there waiting for us to slip up just so they can snatch us and take us into the dark…
I sing it to Kay in Portuguese because it’s soothing, soft, melancholic yet peaceful. I don’t tell her the meaning and just let her enjoy the sounds. I pet her hair and tell her how much I love her afterward, and that I’ll always be there for her. But, when I came back from the Carolinas, I could tell she saw a difference in me. I was soft spoken, pale, solemn. The only time I would smile was when she looked into my eyes but then, once she looked away, my face went back into a sunken depression.
Sometimes it’s best for our loved ones not to see us when we’re in such pain.
It wasn’t “goodbye” so much as “I’ll be back soon” – and, when I told her, I brought Haitian French toast. (Which must be a misnomer, or it needs a hyphen – Haitian-French toast). The secret ingredient is orange juice. When you make the batter, add heavy whipping cream and eggs and vanilla extra and salt and dashes of cinnamon and nutmeg, a cup of orange juice, and then fry it up in a buttered pan; then, I sprinkle each piece with extra brown sugar mixed with more cinnamon and bake at 350 degrees for a bit extra, just to help the eggs fluff.
I caressed Kay’s hair while she ate. I watched her like I’d never seen her before. Her brown hair had completely grown back, thick and wavy. Her smile had lost the crook, more honest and profound. Her brown eyes were focusing, were finding objects and people, identifying them. She wasn’t speaking yet, and it was believed she never would again…but it felt as if she could speak and the right time hadn’t yet come.
I told her I would be leaving for a period. It was around then that she realized: the more extravagant the meal I brought her, the less likely I was to return soon.
I had been making intermittent trips back to the Carolinas crime scene so, as it was, she hadn’t been seeing much of me. And I was missing her progress – in fact, I worried my absence my cause my issue. But the past assignment wasn’t completely finished, and something had caught my attention for the next assignment…so, it was likely I wouldn’t be around again for some time.
I did give her my deputy’s badge in parting.
“This is a good luck charm,” I told her, honestly.
In every case, there’s always one thing that seems to make it through with me. When the situation’s bloody and dire, there’s always one object by my side. When I was in the lair of the beast at my previous house, it was a rock. Recently, as my life was put in danger, and I was awaiting execution in the basement of murderers…there was a deputy’s badge on my chest the whole time, one I had forgotten about (which was a shame because I could’ve probably fashioned it into a weapon).
I wasn’t really a deputy anymore, anyway – but that wasn’t the point. I need Kay to understand that, even though I wasn’t going to be by her side for a bit, she was still protected. The Cuca wasn’t going to get her because there was something to protect her, something to watch over her while I had to disappear for a bit.
My eyes were sad when I told her this. I could tell she understood the gravity of the situation but it wasn’t the words – it was the sadness in my eyes. I wasn’t tearing up, more solemn. Sadness isn’t something inside me that functions like other humans; it wells but never breaks.
I love my Kay but, sometimes, what’s best isn’t easiest. Or maybe I was just being a coward.
Before I could start my next assignment/vacation (let’s call it a vassignment—scratch that, it almost sounds inappropriate; let’s call it an ass-cation…nevermind – assignment/vacation), I had to make a final trip to the Carolinas crime scene.
The work has been mostly finished. The fire, and not the crime scene at the house behind the motel, took the most work. A large section was destroyed and, right in the middle of it, they found the remains of a collapsed cabin with the remains of nearly 30 separate people. Those they could identify belonged to drifters, the homeless, the aimless, foreigners, etc. – people who would have been traveling the Appalachian trail, who could go missing, who could disappear without the world taking notice.
My brief deputization had been rescinded, as I hadn’t been through the proper training to retain a long-term job in law enforcement – but they threw an event at the station house and invited me to be a part of it. When I arrived, it was unlike anything I had ever seen:
The office house stank of whiskey and everyone was drinking Jamesons. I hadn’t realized it was a wake for Officer Bevin and the two other officers who had lost their lives during the investigation (one by fire; the other right in front of me inside the murderers’ house). They honored me with a plaque and returned my equipment, including my pet rock. (Not gonna lie, I hugged my pet rock and immediately pet water over his entire surface.)
If it hadn’t been for the one piece of good luck I may have ever had in this lifetime, none of this would have been solved – at least not so quickly. But, for the first time ever, my cell phone call from the basement of the murderers’ house actually dispatch with a GPS radius of about 40 ft. from my exact location. They had my name flagged; they had the area surrounded with hours; they had SWAT, and the FBI, and local SCU, as well as all police from four counties; they were ready but forced to wait as it was apparent that there were hostages and children involved…
By the time the gunfire put the pedal to their metal, it was over. They busted down the door to find a dead cop in the closet (slumped under a slab of torso), two died children peacefully sleeping in their second-floor bedrooms, and an explosion of blood and gore and bodies in the basement – along with me, curled in the fetal position, bawling my eyes out on the bloody, dirty floor.
The police were less than nine minutes late to the massacre.
The old man, Horace Carmichael, was unrelated to the situation, so far as the police could tell. He must have taken the destitute Jennifer and John Marcus Dewitt under his wing, in his home behind the shit motel her owned, when the rest of the community went bankrupt. Aspects of their relationship (as well as John Marcus’ military history) remain a mystery. But Jennifer was shot in the heart and died instantly, and "Pappy" Horace Carmichael had his fucking face blown off, and I damn near sawed the head off "Burle" a.k.a. John Marcus Dewitt…so no one was around to fill in the blanks.
But that final event, the wake, it was both a mourning and a celebration.
And, in farewell, I gave the same toast as my grandfather:
“If you cheat, may it be death. And if you steal, may it be the heart of the one you love most. But if you fight – you fight for family and you go to the goddamn mattresses.”


THE JOURNAL OF
DR. ELSA MORGAN MONROE
Dear Reader,
If, by chance, you have stumbled upon this journal, I beg of you to make haste in alerting the authorities; with them, please share this possession. You may not know my character but the following shall be not in jest. No prior task hath ever had such a burden of immediacy as the one I now ask of you.
To the Authorities, 
Written in the jacket cover, find an address where you shall locate the many atrocities contained within these pages. Please hurry.
Elsa Morgan Monroe



7 October 1891
A light smattering of snow greeted my arrival today as the carriage pulled up alongside the baroque Manor. Twas the only moment of beauty as the later day riddled itself with misconduct & confusion. I also mention the still & silent air. The surrounding forest was first soothing during my initial admiration for the landscape but it hath since taken on an ominous quality.
The Manor itself consists of three stories of harsh black, the only building I have ever seen of such a harsh color. When first introduced to the caretaker Dr. Peters back in Spring, he informed me that the large quarters had been white once before, long ago, & that twas their burning of coal that coated the façade, staining the wood permanently in speckled black, albeit glisten such as coal before the diamond. They had attempted to repaint several times, to no avail.
The position granted me had been that of assistant to Dr. Peters so that I may replace the elder doctor upon his retirement. We met initially during an interview approximately two months previous, at which time he recounted the tasks I was to perform daily upon employment; The eight infirmed residents ranged in symptoms, mainly infirmed or mental disabled, most of them abandoned to shield families from embarrassment. And twas the same with the Manor itself – tucked away, hidden, as the trek there had led me deep into nowhere. No person could find this home without a well–guided map.
Yours hath been a weighing absence, dear Elizabeth. What possession not bartered to taste the nectar of your sweet kiss, to feel your warm arms embrace me wholly.
But I digress, as it appears mystery afoot.
Dr. Peters hath gone from the residence, to where & for how long I am unsure. I suspect his departure may be to garnish supplies, though I do find the deficiency of attention inexcusable, as these residents are incapable of tending to themselves; however, there may have been an emergency & I know not why or what reason may have drove the good doctor from the Manor.
I must not rush to judgment.
Approximately two months prior, the doctor detailed the condition of all eight infirmed residents: Of those eight, on this day I have located only three.
Of those three, one was not mentioned previously.
Of the remaining two, one deceased.
Tis a mystery…
You must grant acknowledgment that I am no stranger to the departed; The ghoulish particulars of this poor soul’s demise continue to haunt me, however. The stench of rotting was my second investigation (wherein my preliminary search had been for the good doctor) & twas easy to locate the source, as the putrescent air was quite pungent and, on the third floor, in a locked bedroom, I uncovered a body lying prone on the grim–stained floorboards. Based on decomposition, the Death had been within the preceding three days. Cause of Death was resultant of the doctor’s absence, no less: The young man, no wiser than 22, appeared to have fallen from his bed & remained as such, unable to return to the warmth of his blankets. In this cold weather, I suspect pneumonia befell within hours of the fall; Fatal consummation by the following day; Death by the third sunset.
Of the two living patients, one remains moderately cognizant & retains some faculties (the male) while the other suffers typical symptoms of delirium (the female) & both suffer the fragility of final years. Both are my elders by near–on three decades, & they abide the same room; Twas not surprising to learn of their marriage as I caught the husband often gazing fondly at the missus. Incapable of much physicality, the gentleman hath surprisingly kept both alive in rather good condition. Tis a marvel when consideration hath been given to the situation as a whole.
The food rations are plentiful, easing initial health concerns. The couple’s bedroom’s closet hath apparently been their make–shift pantry for some time (and I expect neither consumes much). Also reassuring was their collection of fireplace wood & furnace coal, with enough to last them another week. Had I not shown up, husband & wife would have expired at the month’s end.
But no need to worry over ill–begotten what–ifs, especially with the simple miracle this loving couple hath shared with me—that which I first saw as such a tragic existence was in all reality a blessing to them. Their time was together & that was all they requested; As much in love today as I believe they were the day the met—if not more so.
Twas quite beautiful, their tangible adoration.
The husband hath kept his wife clean, safe, & warm, with fresh water daily. Unaided on this task must have been a mountainous struggle for the elder gentleman, as out back finds the well spigot & the labor of carrying a full bucket took him back yard to second floor. But it did not stop him as his wife hath become the only possession he cherishes.
In brief retrospection, my previous writing hath been erred on several accounts:
Had I not arrived, this man would have done anything to save his wife; & I do believe his adoration of her would have made him capable of anything. A month of endurance without me?—nay, this man would have ensured her wellbeing, guaranteed her natural breath until the Lord was ready (my hubris stands in the way of truth sometimes);
Also incorrect in my earlier statement: I should credit this wonderful couple & my experience with them as a second moment of pure, natural beauty. They, too, could have helpless but are not.
Their interaction with me hath further cemented your absence to the forefront of my thoughts.
While administering a routine evaluation, I did inquire of the gentleman any information related to the doctor’s whereabouts, as well as the occurrence that led to the third–floor invalid’s demise, & also of the other patients, six missing in totality.
The husband was completely unaware of each incident.
They were persistent that my evaluation be as non–invasive as possible even though it had been some time since they had seen the doctor, he admitted; He shrugged it off. The doctor had duties away from the Manor. This, I admit, surprised me, as there were no marked residences locally to which a house call might be made, nor had there been any explanation given me that would entail my leaving the Manor. When questioned over these “duties” which the doctor oversaw elsewhere, the old man again shook his head.
Upon examination of the elder wife, physical health was adequate (thanks to her husband) but her mentality was in a deteriorative state. There were moments where recognition slipped into her eyes & she would smile & nod at her husband; They were few & far between, sadly, & a majority of her time was spent silently staring out the broad window, mouth agape.
My evening hours were spent searching the doctor’s belongings for any indication of his whereabouts, or even his patient notes. Nothing thus far. If this does indeed become an emergency, I shall be unable to return to the city for nearly a week add two days, on the 16th.
I shall—sleep thinking of you by my side.
8 October 1891
The elder gentleman on the second floor hath spent the day–length helping me fully realize & consider our possibilities.
The doctor’s absence continues & I no longer expect his return.
Same can be said of the six mislaid patients.
The elder gentleman helped flesh out the local landscape but he often loses focus & slips into stories of the past (frequently of the Civil War, where his brother was lost). Though doting of his wife, tis obvious the man hath become attention–starved & eager for involved conversation.
His name, Robert; his wife, Judith.
And they were self–reliant long before whatever fate befell Dr. Peters.
Judith continues to speak little, often frozen in a permanent gaze out the window. She still smiles, sometimes, & her eyes have uncommon warmth when they look upon me; Tis perhaps as enlightening to her character as any conversation. Her gaze fills me with the illusion that I know her, that I have known her for some time – like a distant aunt, family, someone who seldom frequents my life but nonetheless important.
Tis quite the odd sensation.
Ongoing mysteries & check–ups aside, removing the invalid’s body from the house hath been my first true labor here. The young man had little substance, malnourished & frail, & yesterday at dawn I carried his stiff body to the back. Twas there that I (quite literally) stumbled over minuscule grave markers no larger than a booklet, each marker fashioned out of oak, weathered, & etched with initials. Over thirty graves were hidden in the brush surrounding the entirety of the Manor, none of them fresh.
Tis an affront of God for a body to go unburied & so I did my best to provide a proper burial—though I found obstacles in my way: There had been no further snow, only that light dusting the day of my arrival, but the air hath remained a frigid & brutal Behemoth; Also, the ground was frozen to brick; & the only digging utensil I could find was a blunt hoe. Still, in a vacant spot at the end of a grave row, I chipped away hunks of dirt until twas a sufficient plot to dispose of the body & cover the scent; If I am here in Spring, I shall bury him again, in a grave fit for a human soul.
I do wish to mention something, albeit fleeting moment.
When I was finished covering the body with hard soil, the elder gentleman happened to wander from the house & around back, to the well spigot for a pail of water. I reminded him that his necessities could be relinquished to my able hands but he shrugged me off again, as seemed to be his custom.
“If the arms & legs work then they shall work,” he advised me.
Twas not this exchange that I wish to mention but the one that followed, when he took to my side for a prayer over the young man’s fresh, shallow grave. As I had not known the character of the deceased, nor even his name, I requested that Robert speak briefly:
“Death resides here with us,” he spoke, & it felt as though he were speaking to me as much as to the ether. “We cannot always fight what Death demands of us. We cannot always stare into that black Abyss when she comes to take our hand & lead us down that tunnel toward our further–life. But in Death we are joined, just as we are in life – hand–in–hand & brother–to–brother. Joseph Goodall, I believe, was the name of this young soul. I knew little of him, & had no words shared between us, but this man was beside me as a brother in life just as he shall be beside me in Death...whenever she be ready.”
Twas a most unusual eulogy but, in his tone, in his eyes, the permeation of encroaching Death could be felt. His words felt as though they were to be shared, equal measures prayer to the young deceased & advice to me...
In the time since, I have wandered the Manor & traveled out across the grounds as far as the Winter permitted. There are no traces of life, not even animal; those that do remain in these woods do so in hibernation. The birds hath gone. The land undeveloped. Silence be the only occupant of these parts, except maybe graves & bone–chilling wind & a single carriage path back many hours.
I can only assume this to be the exact center of nowhere.
Also gone are any human tracks heading off. No signs of struggle, neither outside nor in. Each room be filled with personal items as if occupied, every memento centered, clothes organized, furniture cleaned. No hint of unexpected abandon. One room had half a glass of thick, mucus–like, long–rotted milk. Another, prescription glasses set on the table. There was an open book on a bedside table. The beds are made, sheets tucked, pillows stacked. The fact that there hath not been a single discernible abnormality makes the Manor & this situation all the more suspicious, & all the more unexplainable.
Robert conceded twas not common but, on a handful of occasions, some of the patients had wandered into the forest. A trail starts behind the house into the woods until dead–ending about a mile out, at the Rappahannock River.
Our conversation led to a quick hostility.
“Does anyone live close?” I wondered, pondering aloud options slight or impossible. “Or are there other structures close, perhaps a refuge where someone may take shelter or hide?”
Robert had been feeding Judith soup, ladling the warm liquid to her lips, but momentarily stopped to give a stern, “No.”
His firm answer had been surprising, as I expected him to shrug.
“But how would you know with certainty?” I asked.
“Nobody for miles,” Robert told me, his voice low.
And then Judith’s eyes took to life & she looked at Robert. Her smile was gone, just a blank expression (if not a bit sad) & then she looked at me—focused right on me—& her eyes contorted into a gaze of terror, & her body shook as if she were freezing, & she whispered, “Nobody shall help you.”
Her voice trembled with fear.
And then Robert was standing, shoving me out.
“She needs rest,” he kept repeating until he had pushed my mass out the threshold & into the hallway, locking the door behind.
Twas bizarre for certain but left little choice but to dismiss their peculiarities & grant these elder folks leniency, even a pardon from my pestering. They have been through a lifetime of struggles (of which I do not know), & they continue their surviving scrap.
They just want peace & I cannot blame them.
The night hath been deep & the candle short, so I must bid farewell...though I cannot, in good conscience, lay to rest without speaking of your Beauty. My dreams are of you, of us. We are at the beach, like our trip from the city last Summer. Your smile as bright as the warm, blinding rays of sun, both of which I so desperately seek these day. I dreamt of your kiss, of your hands against my chest.
And I dreamt of our son last night...
My grief comes out in sighs as I count the days.
Tomorrow marks a solitary eight days until the carriage–man returns. Tis my discourse to traverse the nearby shore, in case a resident did wander off while unsupervised.
As I set down my quill & blow out this light, my prayers are two–fold: One prayer of God’s love to keep you safe, as a kindly substitute for my loving embrace until I can be there myself; & a second prayer, to the Almighty, that tomorrow I find no bodies on the shore.
9 October 1891
The body was bloated, naked, & half–lying in the bitter–cold of the Rappahannock River. She appeared middle–age, with an obese frame. Her eyes were stuck open, the expression on her face fixed permanently: Scared. She had been Scared in those final moments.
Cause of Death: Hypothermia.
Scattered clothes & no signs of trauma to the frozen–blue body left only one scenario – after heading out from behind the Manor, following the path, alone, to the River, this woman removed her clothes, climbed down the rocks, & submerged her lower half as if bathing in a tub. Death would have been instantaneous, approximately 180 seconds (as determined by her body weight). Time of Death was impossible to determine, anywhere from a day to a week, maybe longer. Based on the water–bloating of the corpse, the body itself froze within three days but the freezing temperature hath kept the body in a state of preservation, so there can be no certainty.
My attempt to bring her ashore hath also been hindered. The skin fused to the rock & hard soil of the shore, which made it nearly impossible to free her from the water. Her weight was also a factor, heavy like a solid block of tree trunk, & twas an awkward lift as the body was bent at the waist & frozen stiff at a 90 degree angle. Before retiring any further attempts to pull out the body, I did take notice of something – a tiny droplet of ice halfway down her cheek...
I assume twas once a tear.
Neither can I claim to know her name nor the ailment from which she suffered while alive but, excluding those misgivings, her Death hath become a peculiarity in ways that shall not be easily dismissed. Motivation was severely lacking, unless presumed to be an extreme case of mental illness (which was & shall remain a possibility). But even if she had been mentally handicapped, to assume she went for a bath in an ice–cold River was a stretch of cognitive disability. The mentally handicapped that I have encountered & worked with still have an awareness of their well–being. Additionally, medical school taught me to ascertain if a situation is–or–was a possible self–danger to someone with mental disability by asking a simple question:
Would a child of five be in danger if presented with the same situation?
Aside from extreme cases, the mentally stunted still have baseline cognitive function. & 99 out of 100 humans, no matter their issue, have instinctual defense to prevent serious harm. Tis merely a tool for the foundation of judgment & certainly not an absolute for every mentally ill person. Some of the ill have acute conditions that cause them to immediately try & hurt themselves, or others. (None of them had been described as such, neither a danger to themselves or others, when the doctor listed the eight patients some two months earlier; Though this woman could have arrived in the interim.) If I were able to read her diagnosis, & her doctor’s thoughts, I might paint a more descript picture; Twas not available, the conclusion that she did it 100% of her own volition now thrust upon me even as it stirs little sense, & I am left with question after question: Why disrobe?—as that implies intent, planning, reason. There hath been a purpose when she took this task upon herself, which confirms cognitive ability to be that of at least a five year old. & why was she afraid?—if twas the water, no evidence suggests she tried to get out.
Why did she not just jump in?
What spurred the incident?
Why & what & when? all a spiral in my mind.
Alas, without her physician, it can solve no further; Yet the more time that passes, the more diluted her body becomes, the less likely any relevant information can be gleaned.
So I have ruled her Death accidental.
My apologies. It seems I have escaped the jovial tone with which I normally conduct my passages to you but tis very perplexing.
It vexes me so.
Even with all of my training, I find myself lost.
The Manor hath been a source of head–aching, an unending mystery.
In other interesting news, I did uncover something.
Obligated to leave the body where I found it (at least momentarily), I continued along the coast a short time longer. Dusk had arrived & the chill had sunken through my Winter apparel & I was set to turn around when the entrance of a distant cave caught my eye. Twas much farther down the coastline & shall take a fair amount of scaling the steep, rough embankment to reach but that shoreline cave shall be tomorrow’s destination. (I also intend to bring a rope, in the hopes of dislodging the frozen woman from the water. Even if I am unable to dissuade my curiosity over her Death, at least I shall be able to bury her body – just as God intended.)
Always, I love you & miss your every way, from the Gentleness of your fingertips to your jasmine & ivory scent. Never have I needed you more than now. In this desolate house, destitute & surrounded by leafless trees & gravestones & misery, tis my thought of you that lift me from bed.
No matter the horrors of  tomorrow.
10 October 1891
I hesitate to write about that which I found—that grisly scene cannot be adequately described. No English word describes such Gruesomeness or Vulgarity well–enough. So, to better enumerate my discovery, I shall remove myself & my emotion from the text; Therefore, it shall be given from an objective, strictly medical perspective:
Approximately a Mile & a Quarter Northwest of the Manor in which I am currently sole physician (address listed in the journal jacket cover), a cave burrowed into shoreline; Upon entering, a body hath been encountered;
Huddled in a defensive position against far corner; Cranium down, face obscured; Knees bent & brought against the wall; Distil appendages strewn in positions suggesting a loss of consciousness; Damage to scalp tissue along suture lines evident before closer inspection;
Body carefully pulled at left shoulder & laid back for closer examination:
Dermal layer of the subject’s face visibly removed from chin to mid–scalp; Eyes & tongue absent; Established by cuticle decomposition, time of Death occurred 24–48 hours preceding discovery of body; Index, middle, & thumb cuticle found missing from right hand; Palms abraded from wrist to metacarpal;
Upon investigation of cave surroundings:
Cuticles found protruding from cave wall; subject scratched in stone an illegible word; Tis believed to read:
WA’ADA
Upon further investigation of cave surroundings:
Jagged piece of granite approximately four inches in diameter discovered; Aforementioned granite rock coated in residual blood & skin tissue; Palm abrasion patterns match rock texture;
Cause of Death: (trauma–related) shock & blood loss due to self–inflicted mutilation;
Facial skin, scalp tissue, eyes, & tongue absent the scene entirely.
I can write no further today.
11 October 1891
Whispers woke me not five minutes prior to the writing of this entry. Two distinct voices; Both conspiratorial in tone, sharp & rushed.
Eager to identify the source, I quickly exited my room. The gray floorboards noisily creaked & the whispers vanished, eluding me. Only Robert & Judith present in the Manor, & both are sleeping soundly in their room.
Is someone else here? Or hath my mind played tricks?
Tis quite the late hour – more tomorrow than today – & tis a confident assumption that I shall be unable to return to a heady slumber.
I continue reflection on the located corpses.
Three bodies thus uncovered: The faceless body yesterday; The frozen body the day before; & the invalid on the day of my arrival.
Each succumbed to self–inflicted wounds of one sort or another: The invalid rolled himself out of bed; The larger woman climbed into the River; & the man in the cave scraped the skin off his own face using a rock.
The Deaths hath not occurred in succession but over a timeline no longer than 10 days: The invalid died before my arrival by a measure of at least three days; The woman may, in the days before my arrival though uncertain of an exact time of Death; & the man in the cave died well after my arrival, within the previous 48 hours.
There hath proven to be a simple answer, an obvious conclusion: Coincidence; Maybe the patients just ran off after the doctor deserted his post; Maybe each Death hath been the result of an unsupervised group of mentally ill & infirmed patients. A definite possibility, one that must be taken into serious consideration, but I cannot come to terms with it & I cannot trust the assumption.
Tis all so unnatural, so uncommon, that a simple answer may not suffice.
Tis only with great force that I commit my thoughts elsewhere, at which times they return to you, sweet Elizabeth. I can still see you lying against the pallid sheets of our oak–framed bed, curling & writhing for me to join, to lay against you – body against body, skin against soft skin—and then a jarring shift & that gruesome, skinless face. The nose cartilage absent & nasal bone visible in the shape of a morbid butterfly. Flecks of skin from the gore & meat. & hollow ocular cavities that stare.
I have decided to further investigate the grounds local & akin as the man in the cave had not lived there – no residue of daily occupation & therefore his shelter hath been elsewhere.
And in these elements, the occupation must be near.
*
I have spoken with Robert & he hath denied the whispers at night, suggesting the wind through the rafters; However, I am beginning to suspect that he hath not confided in me the full truth.
I am unsure of his rationale behind it but there, a distinct fright in his eyes when I catch him glancing outward, toward the forest, a look that vanishes quickly behind a knowing glance or shy smile. But a glance that existed nonetheless – of that, I am certain.
In addition, I have also inquired if Robert hath ever encountered the word WA’ADA.
“Bless you,” he answered, mistaking the word for a sneeze.
This gave a moment of much needed levity.
Oddly enough, with further discussion, Robert acknowledged that he did, in fact, know the meaning of the word WA’ADA & its origin in local Mahican folklore. Though Robert & Judith have little interaction with the other residents (they did so very much cherish their time alone), they had heard Rumors prevalent amongst the other residents, which I paraphrase as such:
Near on 300 years previous, a Mahican tribe migrating North met upon a group of Puritans in need of help. A select group of Mahicans followed the Puritans to their camp, which turned out to be a stockade & included a mass grave & overwhelming sickness. The Puritans believed the land to be cursed, as their men were constantly dying, & they requested the Mahicans bless the land & remove the curse; However, the request was refused & the Mahicans repeatedly labeled the land WA’ADA – which roughly translates to “motherless”, or “not born of a mother.”
The Mahicans said that the land was not cursed but pure evil, somehow different.
And then the Mahicans left, never to return.
Or so this absurd myth supposes.
I found it strange that Robert first mistook the word yet then recited such an entire myth in relation. This continues my belief that he does not fully confide in me & I am unsure for whose benefit he hath been withholding: His safety & Judith’s, or my own.
I shall investigate the grounds most thoroughly as the day continues.
12 October 1891
Yet again I find myself awake before the earliest hours of dawn.
A dream hath woken me on this night. A woman in the forest, attired in black, her skin pale & an obfuscate veil over the uppermost half of her face, also black in color. Her cheeks visible & blackness dripping down to her chin. Her mouth hung open in a permanent scream though she remained soundless & unmoving. Even frozen with fear, something moved me further toward her, unwillingly – foot by dreaded foot by dreaded foot, as if carried on the wind. She reached out to touch my face with long, slithering fingers—
And then I woke, at which point I could hear a more pronounced whispering than the night previous. Yet again, I have stepped from my room only for the whispers to again vanish as if delusion; Unlike yesterday, however, the whispers now take place during the day, as well as outside of the Manor. I could hear them in the foyer near the hour of noon & also as I hiked the surrounding forest. No matter the location, the whispers remain distinct: Two deep voices in rushed tones, scurrying through the air as if mice. I try endlessly to convince myself tis the wind through branch or rafter, but have grown tired of falsities.
My mind ambles now in unending purgatory where tis too exhausted to remain awake while also too shocked to slumber. I have found a state of constant fear hath actually helped quell the fear itself, as if an overdose of fright hath led to an inability for further fright. My body adapted to terror. I can be no further scared as I have hit a peak. The intense fear that I carry subsided as a nagging voice in the back of my skull, an unvarying reminder of local & persistent danger half–hidden behind a more prominent determination to understand current happenings & what hath happened.
*
A cellar door to the Manor.
My attention was caught by the buzzing of flies, which I found odd in Winter. Twas then that I noticed a rectangular outline located under numerous pounds of brush & splintered wood seemingly left–over from a previous renovation. (What hath been renovated & where, I am unsure, as no section to the Manor appears refinished.) It shall take me the rest of today’s daylight hours to clear out the blocking rubble & gain safe passage; Tis my hope to investigate this subterranean basement by no later than tomorrow morning.
13 October 1891
I am unsure if Robert knew of the cellar door I crossed upon yesterday & continue to believe that he hides information. I am nearly certain of this. I cannot exact my reasoning behind it, why he would hide anything or to what it pertains but the feeling permeates our every conversation, of which we have very few now.
After uncovering the door, with great effort (something did not want this door reopened, it would appear), the basement was found to be damp & secluded & empty but for shelving & deadening, floating wind against my skin. 
Twas unassuming, surely, but something didn’t settle (as was the case with nearly everything affiliated with the Manor).
With further examination, a passageway was hidden behind one of the shelves. From the outset, the passageway appears to lead into a series of underground tunnels which I believe to be part of the intricate network once known as The Underground Railroad. If the case be such, the tunnels were constructed to be labyrinthine & they shall take a good deal of work to navigate.
Tis still morning.
I shall gather supplies & begin mapping the tunnels by mid–day. This confirms my suspicion that there simply hath to be other structures in this area, no matter how tarnished & deteriorated.
I am still three days out from the carriage man’s return. There nags a notion that I should cease further search of the grounds & surrounding area, for reasons of self–preservation. I do not suspect to find a rainbow at the end of the tunnel; Instead, it shall be another body. Or dead end. Or worse, somehow, as every detour hath led to increasing nightmares.
Though my thoughts have permeated with bright images of you amidst these lurid discoveries, tis a third hath seeded & begun to sprout, & tis the memory of our son Joseph that I have begun to reconcile. His eyes, when they were weak. It hath been two years from this Season that he passed but I cannot shake his image, as no parent should. Tis not strictly the pictures of misery, however. I also recall those first seconds when his eyes opened bright & wondering. Just as you & I are partners, Elizabeth, my son was born into a partnership with me & his passing hath splintered my life. I know I do not discuss, nor do I like to discuss, the loss I have suffered by the passing of my son. But in these loneliest moments, I am confronted with it time & again.
Tis as if the Manor hath been built upon a land of forthright suffering.
And it hath come to my attention the Abyss that hath become the other half of my soul in our son’s absence.
Though twas never mentioned—and maybe I didn’t know outright—but for this reason I chose a position of such remote location. & now I regret such a hasty decision as I do not believe half of a soul hath the strength to battle whatever force lay at the other end of these uncovered tunnels.
*
I have found the remains of Dr. Peters.
Yet again, my faith hath been shaken to its very core.
And, again, describing the scene witnessed at the end of the first tunnel proves near impossible; Though, unlike before, I have no objectivity, no ability to provide details of a strictly medical nature.
Winding through the tunnel passageway, I left pebbles gathered from the grounds, &, in time, arrived at the single tunnel’s conclusion when it divided in two separate directions (Northeast & Southeast, as best I could tell). Twas the first tunnel I chose to follow, heading Northeast, with a decision to follow the second soon after.
I am unsure if I shall venture to the depths of that second tunnel now.
The first tunnel ended in another basement, much like it had begun: Vacant, a small amount of rotted supplies, no light, must, & stairs leading up.
The stench was overpowering. Lifting the hatch at the top of the basement stairs found the center of a Church; One that must not be located far from the Manor but hidden in the forest & lacking a pathway. The windows were covered in vine & I imagine the façade to be well–disguised & hidden amongst the overgrowth, the reason why I did not locate it during my search of the surroundings.
Three bodies were arranged to pray at the foot of the Pulpit. They were freshly deceased, fresher than the invalid I had found on the floor my first day. These bodies most certainly passed on during my period of stay in the Manor. None of them had any distinguishable cause of Death besides exposure & malnutrition, as if they had remained praying until Death.
What I could discern from the remaining fourth body: Dr. Peters had not gone willingly. His body was much older than the rest, nearly a month decomposed. Strung upside–down on the Pulpit cross, his face was covered in blood & distorted in pain. Based on the coagulation, precise laceration depth, & color, I was able to establish that the fatal tool had been a scalpel & that most of the carvings on his bare body had occurred while he was alive; The femoral artery was severed during this process, which caused the doctor to bleed out. (There was a dry circle amidst the blood splatter below the hanging body where I presume a bucket was once placed to catch the blood but, as I found no bucket, who removed it?) His eyes had been absconded post–mortem & they, along with teeth & what looked to be a pound of flesh, rest atop the Lectern at the front of Pulpit.
Someone had also carved a phrase into his body that read: I am not sorry
And a single, familiar word followed:
WA’ADA
Cause of Death: Unnatural.
The foul stench & revolting scene caused me great illness & forced an abrupt end to my search, though not before I found Dr. Peters medical bag & ledger tucked amid the bodies.
The bag was empty of contents save a small pair of curved medical scissors.
I will be back to bury all of these souls once the authorities view the scene.
Night hath since fallen & kerosene supply dwindles & I am numb by the fear & shock. The whispers have resumed, as they have each night, only this time they are closer than ever. Tis as though two men stand outside of my room, whispering horrid plots involving my life & future – though I cannot discern the words themselves.
I have twice opened my door to find nothing but silence.
In these sleepless hours, I shall do my best to pour through the ledger in search of a suspect or account that may provide reasoning to gruesome reality.
As I now consider this to be a dire situation in need of emergency attention, I have slowly come to a horrid conclusion: I must seek the only other possible option toward immediate rescue the second tunnel.
14 October 1891
Tis first light & I have found that Robert & Judith are no longer in attendance of the Manor. Their room was set just as the other vacant rooms: Organized & of no malfeasance. I can find no trace, where they went or how they got there. As Robert shall not be capable of much & Judith shall be capable of even less, I fear for their safety.
I do not presume they shall make it far.
Also, they were not the only disappearance. In checking the supplies I intended to bring this morning, I have items missing from my own medical bag.
Most notably absent: An expensive set of variously–sized surgery scalpels.
In reading Dr. Peters’ ledger, I noticed two abnormalities:
The first noticeable discrepancy was the various details regarding a male patient named Jonas, whom Dr. Peters had considered a possible danger.
This was the eighth resident, the only one yet to be located.
When I knocked at Robert & Judith’s doorway this morning, only to discover their abandonment of the Manor, it had been in an attempt to ask Robert a question regarding the second discrepancy in Dr. Peters’ ledger:
Why could I find no mention of Judith in the doctor’s notes?
15 October 1891
Tis done and, I fear, so am I.
After an eternity, I reached the end of the second tunnel where stood an ominous door. My attempts to open it found the door securely bolted shut. After exerting much strength & frustration, the door remained immoveable. In the end, I found myself incapable of much other than banging my head against the door, lost to quiet tears.
The tunnels grew darker & darker as my lantern lost the last of its fuel. I had planned to follow the tunnel where it led and, no matter the abhorrent scene at the end, I would continue traveling in the cold forest to the nearest pathway or drive, & then onward to the nearest town’s people; Or, if I determined that to be a worst course of action, I determined to hide until the carriage man returned at first light Monday.
It seems neither of those options likely now.
In the darkness of the tunnel – my lantern useless, my head banged against wood – & I heard it again. Just as before, the many times such whispers have haunted me; Though, this time the voices felt much more real, much more tangible, & they were not above & behind me – they were on the other side of the doorway, two distinct male voices speaking short, harsh words.
And with that, the door opened.
Blinding light bathed me & I felt momentarily saved, as if all would be well now that the door had opened...
A familiar face greeted me on the other side, to disturbing effect.
Judith was covered in powder, making the skin an unnatural pale. She smiled with greasy black teeth & her graying brown hair stuck up & out in all directions. The woman I had seen incapacitated & resting in the Manor was gone entirely, replaced by this person dressed in a decorative, frilly white dress & wild eyes.
Despite her insane appearance, she welcomed me into her home in a polite, gruff male voice.
The tunnel’s doorway led directly into the first floor of a single–story wood house.
Robert was sitting at a table set for three, his back in unnatural posture.
His eyes were open but unblinking. He did not move. His mouth hung open like he wanted to speak but no words came out, & he continued staring forward, focusing on nothing. In moving around the table, I found one of my scalpels stuck into the back of his head, at the brainstem.
He was still alive, as I could see shallow breath, but unable to move.
Judith asked me to sit & I refused. She offered me stew but again I refused. She told me, quite courteously, how twas disrespectful to turn down so much, as I was a guest in her home.
The moment was continued, surreal. She ladled stew into three bowls & set them at the wood table, one in front of Robert & the other two in front of the empty seats. I could do nothing but watch in shock.
She appeared as no threat, old & feeble, so I was not physically afraid of her. She had no weapon in her hand aside from the bowls she set at the table, including one for Robert. Her front door was not ten feet from where I stood, unlocked & begging to be thrown open.
I kept a distance & asked about the bodies.
She told me that the invalid fell on the floor & no one cared to pick him up & set him straight, & his howling died down after a single afternoon. The mentally disabled woman had been the first to run off from the Church; Second, the man found in the cave.
Even as I write it now tis hard for me to shed the “she” when I speak of the resident Jonas, as he hid his male features so successfully. Dr. Peters’ notes had described him as quite intelligent but that he often had psychotic ideations. Too smart for the ward & too odd for his wealthy family, thus abandoned to the Manor.
He sat at the table – sipping stew off a large spoon, pinkie extended – as he regaled me with the horrific story of the past several weeks.
The witch in the forest had taken his mind some time ago, he told me. He had battled her but still found himself spreading rumors of witchcraft & Death in the forest, stories whose origins he could not recollect.
Based on Dr. Peters’ writing, I am of the opinion that Jonas considered the Manor to be that of a game to quench the boredom. Little by little he edged himself into the minds of the residents of the Manor, scaring them into believing a myth. He would whisper to them while they slept, giving each patient the belief of a witch in the woods.
Dr. Peters’ became quite aware of what was happening & twas that moment when the good doctor was murdered, when Jonas left the Manor & Judith entered.
After that, the residents did Judith’s bidding until he forced them to starve so that he could have all the food portions. Robert had been chosen as his protectorant but Jonas knew, in the night previous, that a protectorant would no longer be needed.
I could tell that the man known as Jonas was gone—a complete psychotic episode of which I hath never witnessed, the man lost of any semblance of reasonable thought—and that this supposed witch, Judith, was a psychosis form.
When I spoke of this, he responded that the man known as Jonas had been entirely replaced by the spirit of a witch from the forest, Judith.
He introduced himself as Judith once more.
I had heard enough &, as I found him to be in a position to prevent me from reaching the door, I made a dash.
But he was quick.
I could feel the blade slip past my skin & into my kidney as if I am the consistency of butter.
Jonas would have killed me if not so unprepared. He had not anticipated that I, too, was armed with Dr. Peters’ curved medical scissors. I had sharpened them to a lethal edge using the refining block I keep in my own medical bag.
He stabbed me a second time in the gut as my body turned about face and in a third attempt his face twisted in horror as I stuck the curved scissors into his femoral artery of his left leg & then did so again in his right.
He lowered a hand to cover gushing of ounce after ounce of blood.
In the oddest display I have ever seen in my (soon to end) life, Jonas acted too hastily, forgetting to drop his own weapon & he reached up to slow the bleeding & cover the wound; In doing so he accidentally stabbing himself a third time in the leg with his own scalpel.
He hath passed.
Tis done, as am I...
I write this in the tunnels between the Manor & two abhorrent destinations filled with bodies by using a lantern fading light.
I drip with blood & fill these pages so that, when a person locates this chaos, they shall know what happened here.
Twas my intention to return to the Manor but strength hath fled, & I am unable to walk. My hands tremble from shock induced by blood loss.
I curl to write these final words.
The warmth hath faded & cold slowly fills me, part of the final few steps toward Death.
I love you, Elizabeth.
Twas never my intention to abandon you in this world alone & for that, I am so truly sorry. You have been my dearest love & companion these many years & I cannot convey through words just how much you mean to me. The whispers that haunted me are gone, vanquished, & they have been replaced with resplendent sound of your laughter, your soft voice.I can feel the touch of your fingers against my shoulder, the caress of your cheek against mine as if you were here right here with me, tenderly kissing the nape of my neck as I slow my breath as my life blinks out like the light of an empty lantern I love you, Elizabeth be not mournful for know that I leave to join our sweet child
one describes the warmth of Death’s embrace in their final moments always starting in the belly & spreading to the extremities I feel it now & tis so very welcome I am so very tired and each time I lift my eyes to survey the darkness of my tomb the lamp light stretches only but a few feet on the edge of that blackness I can see the silhouette of our son patiently wai



THE COVE INN
1
I see a lot of weird stuff in my line of work but a journal dated in the late 1800s caught my attention. The bound leather had faded with age, the pages were yellowed, and the text was an old, unfamiliar (almost unreadable) cursive, practically calligraphy – so, as far as I could tell, it was authentic. And that was interesting.
I paid to have a nearby college validate its age and create a scanned copy that was easier to read, which they did. To be honest, I didn’t even consider this a real assignment at first. The journal was a series of somber notes that belonged to the doctor of a home for the infirmed; even if every word was true, there wasn’t much to investigate. I just needed a vacation after my last trip, which had been especially awful, and this journal had come from a small area in the northeast (not too far) where I also happened to find a nice groupon for a B&B.
So I decided to take a trip to the area and stay the weekend at the B&B where I could quietly read over the journal and research the facts and talk to the locals – worst case scenario, I’d head home after a relaxing weekend. Or so I thought.
It was a breezy spring afternoon when I checked into The Cove Inn, a three-story Victorian in the woods just outside a coastal town. In daylight, with blossoms in the air and open sky, the B&B appeared to be the perfect respite from the world. It was quiet and the air was clear.
The Cove Inn had three blue stairs leading up to the front entrance and, just beyond the threshold, was an open foyer. The front desk had an old-school ledger and, behind it, was an older woman who welcomed me with a smile. Her named was Gretchen and she greeted me by name, which I found odd until she explained, “Yours is the only reservation for the night.”
I was a little surprised by this since the place was appealing: just out of the way but still local to the town, quiet and reasonably priced. It even smelled pleasantly of lemon and honey.
“We have complimentary breakfast and dinner,” she told me, “and fresh tea is available in the common area at all times.” She pointed down a short hall where I could see another open area, this one filled with comfy looking chairs and a fireplace.
I nodded an acknowledgement and turned my attention back to her. She was older, with a tiny frame and greying hair. She was wearing a frilly white shirt with pink, flowery designs on them to gaudy effect.
“Is…that all you brought?” she wondered.
In one hand was my pet rock and, under my right arm, was a comfy pillow; the only two things I tend to travel with. (I did have clothes, a laptop, and the journal still in the car.)
“Well, sir, I guarantee we have pillows,” she said with a smile.
“It’s actually more of a routine than anything,” I told her, which was true. I’m not especially superstitious but I do like consistency – so I always bring the same two things with me, everywhere.
“We hope you have a wonderful stay,” Gretchen said as she handed me a long, old fashioned key for room 3 on the second floor.
“You keep saying we…?” I asked, hesitantly reaching out to take the key. (I’d had a bad experience with an older front desk clerk before so I was naturally suspicious.) I understood the colloquial we but there was something about the way she said it that made it sound different, somehow.
“We’re The Cove Inn,” she answered, continuing to smile.
Gretchen was overwhelmingly happy and, to someone as jaded as me, it was slightly off-putting; but, I accepted the key nonetheless and thanked her and headed up a staircase to the side of the foyer.
The second floor hallway was a long corridor of doors. The green rug was decades old and the white walls accentuated the length of the hallway, making it feel longer than it perhaps was.
I went to slide the key into the lock of room #3 when I noticed the door was already cracked open—and, inside, I was surprised to find a young, curvaceous woman. She had short, reddish-blonde hair and was dressed in tight grey shorts and a white tee-shirt, and she was facing away from me…
I just sort of stood in the doorway a moment, as she hadn’t noticed me enter and I didn’t want to startle her. I opened my mouth to make a low noise—
And then this vixen bounced across the room, startling me in turn.
It was then that I realized she had headphones plugged into her ears, and that they were connected to a phone in her pocket. And she was dancing as she organized the room. It was actually kind of adorable – but I instantly felt gross watching someone who didn’t know I was watching them. I let out a polite cough to get her attention but she didn’t notice, focusing her attention on the bed’s sheets.
“Excuse me,” I finally called out.
The young woman could tell something was different and looked up at the doorway and saw me—and nearly jolted out of her skin. She quickly pulled her ear phones out and I guessed her to be in her early twenties.
“I was just tidying, I’m so sorry,” she apologized and quickly tried to leave.
“No worries,” I told her and moved aside, letting her pass.
She left the room without eye-contact or any further introduction; I, however, smiled for the first time in what felt like ages.
The room had its own bathroom and shower, and there was plenty of space. Same green carpet and white walls but, in the room, the green and white felt securing, safe. The windows overlooked the forest and, in the distance, it was clear enough to see the nearby river. The bed was soft and the pillows, softer, with a mint on both. Fresh towels. It was nice, warmly familiar in its uniformity but comfortable.
I set my pet rock on a side-table and threw my pillow on the chair and headed back out to the car for the rest of my stuff – but, as I got outside, I noticed a path leading into the forest, toward the river, and decided to take a brief walk before unpacking.
This short trail led to a much wider hiking trail behind the B&B and I only made it a short distance before I felt uncomfortable. This wasn’t caused by the area but a recent case, which had been in a forest. Here, the trees were blooming. Green was everywhere and the smell of fresh flowers was in the air. It had been wilted from whence I came, a winter dry-land of weeds and twisting branch; but now it was as if there was a new fear every direction I turned, caused by something I had experienced before.
I turned to head back in the direction of the B&B—and smack! A jogger clipped my shoulder. It was quick and I remained on my feet but it scared the bejesus out of me; the jogger, however, didn’t seem to care much, continuing their run without an apology.

I unpacked my things in room #3 of The Cove Inn and I was on my way out again – when I noticed that Gretchen wasn’t at the front desk.
Also, a flame flickered in the common area, growing in the fireplace. As I didn’t see anyone, I headed over to check out the area where they served breakfast (and apparently dinner)…and that’s when I met another woman. She was seated in a chair between a bookcase and a table, legs crossed and a large tome balanced in her lap.
“I hope my daughter didn’t startle you,” she said as I entered the room – but her eyes didn’t lift from the book until I looked over. She had wavy, flowing black hair and her eyes were stern, concentrated.
I didn’t know how to respond, as the room was otherwise empty.
Noticing the confusion, she introduced herself.
“My name’s Coranda. I’m the owner of The Cove Inn. My daughter told me she was tidying up the room when you got here.” A teeny-tiny smirk curled at the edge of her red lips.
“Oh,” I laughed, finally understanding. “Pretty sure it was the other way around. I think I startled her. You have a lovely…Inn.”
“Thank you,” she said.
Suddenly, something small was beside me—and I realized Gretchen was passing by with a cup of tea in her hand. She walked with a slight hunch and set the mug down beside Coranda.
“And thank you, mom,” repeated Coranda, to her mother.
And then it dawned on me: it was a family business.
“Well, it was nice to meet you both—” I said in an attempt to excuse myself.
“Are you heading out for the night?” Coranda suddenly asked.
“Um…” I mumbled, taken aback by the question because, Who was she to ask what I’m doing? But, again, I felt myself worried about the motives of someone perfectly normal, in a perfectly normal situation, asking a perfectly normal (albeit slightly intrusive) question.
“I apologize,” Coranda conceded, “curiosity got the best of me. I only ask because there’s a restaurant in town called The Vine House and, if you mention The Cove Inn or my name, they’ll give a discount since you’re staying here. It’s a deal between us.”
I thanked her for the information, and she said goodbye as her eyes lowered back to the book, and her mother walked off with a polite farewell…and I left.
Everything was absolutely, perfectly normal…but Goddamn if normal didn’t seem eerie to me. 9.5% of the US population dies every year. That’s less than one in ten people – not the best odds. And murderers hid in plain sight, any age or sex or ethnicity—and all of this stuff was hard for me to forget.
The truth was, the death rate was lower per capita than ever, and it was misleading because it included the older generations and natural causes. Statistically speaking, I was more likely to die of cancer or heart disease than a crazed killer.
Murderers are uncommon. Believe me, because I am murderer; there’s a look in the eye, an understanding of life – it’s easy to spot when you have it, too. You don’t see it often but you do see it, whether you know it or not.

The Vine House was a post-modern restaurant built like an old cabin with a single rectangular window overlooking the river. It was darkly atmospheric, lights dimmed and dark vanish on the wood of the bar and walls – perfect for a writer to drink and read and work.
Aside from a pale gentleman with stringy hair hunched over the bar all night, I remained the only patron – something I find absolutely inexcusable considering the amazing food and gorgeous view. I remained at a corner table (which I specifically asked for) but the window was cattycorner, at the end of the bar and lined with tables. Reading the journal, I found myself occasionally staring out at the slow darkness. Stars and the moon were soon reflected in the billowing currents.
The bartender was also the waiter and I mentioned The Cove Inn and he discounted the night fifty percent – at which point I began ordering more frequent drinks. The waiter/bartender also gave me the number of a cab to take me home whenever I was ready, as I had reached the point where driving was no longer acceptable. Some people might be upset by this but I found it refreshing, even caring. Here was someone looking out for not only my safety but the safety of others I might harm in an accident.
I need to stop worrying that everyone is a murderer, I reminded myself. Good people do exist.
It was hard to focus on the journal and instead I found myself surfing the web and not working, and it was then that I decided to call it a night and settle the bill so I could go sleep in an amazingly soft bed with all the pillows I could want.
The bartender/waiter had disappeared a moment into the kitchen when I approached the bar to pay the tab and leave – and it was in that short time that I had a strange conversation with the other patron.
“You ain’t from here,” the gangly stranger told me. He had a long, hangdog face, and his skin was almost as white as the B&B walls.
I nodded.
“You ain’t know about these woods?” he asked, his lips in a considerate grimace as he gave a nod to my ignorance of these here parts.
But, as a writer, I was naturally intrigued…and a bit drunk.
“Wha—up?!” I asked and hiccupped.
My head tilted like a curious cocker spaniel.

Here is the information I had on the area prior to arriving:
The Department of Agriculture oversaw the land’s ownership from 1908 until transferring it in 2004 the Department of Homeland Security even though there are no Federal buildings or agents occupying the land, so far as a 2012 consensus proves.
This warranted further research and I located three documents:
The first was a British ledger of prisoners held in the Caulfield Stockades, an establishment located in the region. The British military used it in the mid-1500s to hide those unfit for duty, not of criminal reason but behavioral. Men often went mad from scurvy, syphilis, or from solitude of months at sea. However, as it was a laborious task transporting prisoners to the Caulfield Stockade’s secluded location, the base was eventually abandoned.
Second, the state put a footnote in their local history book stating that:
Following a vast forest fire, no vegetation or flourishing tree grew in the region for most of the 1700s.
And the final bit of information (which was mentioned in the journal itself) was a piece of Mahican folklore, which didn’t make print for nearly two hundred years…
In the 1680s, a large portion of the Mahican tribe migrated and the story is that, while on their trek north, the Mahican tribe was stopped by a colony of Puritans in need of help.
The Puritans, led by the young minister Cotton Mather, refused to give much information, instead offering the weary Native Americans a place to rest and food if they just followed.
Hesitantly, the Mahican tribe agreed.
Before reaching the Puritan camp, the Mahicans became more distressed as they “could feel blood growing in the air.” A majority turned back but, as the tribe had agreed to help, three able-bodied men remained with the Puritans and continued to their camp. 
In two days’ time, the Mahican men would return with their harrowing tale.
Puritans had a strong belief in magic as a constant force in their daily life. Everything good – bountiful harvest, sunshine, health – was white magic, charms and God and the angels. Over time, inevitably, the idea of dark magic grew and everything bad – strong winters, illness, death – became the work of Satan and witchcraft. This ballooned and the struggle was personified in the Salem Witch Trials.
That was not the beginning, however.
The three Mahicans described a place much like the long-abandoned Caulfield Stockades: a large area overgrown with brush, ivy-covered stone cells, a wooden shelter, and not much else but forest. The cells were filled with groups of dirty, emaciated women. All of the prisoners were women. Some were already dead. There was a mass grave not far off and the stench was overbearing for miles in the wind’s direction. In modern terms, it was a concentration camp for those accused of witchcraft.
The Puritans kept telling the Mahicans that this was God’s work and that it had nothing to do with the problem. The issue was that anyone who stayed in the camp would die, captive and captor alike; guards and missionaries were dying just as often and as fast as the witches. They were losing too many men and they presumed the Indians’ barbarian hoo-doo might be stronger, since their own white magic charms hadn’t worked.
The Mahicans calmly explained that the land could not be blessed, that it would never be blessed. "1,000 wronged eyes" were watching them. It wasn’t that the ground was cursed – it was pure evil. Before leaving, they called the land by a single word, one they used as a warning. The word, when translated, meant Motherless…
As in, the land was no longer of natural origin.

And then the gangly stranger said this to me while I struggled to stay upright:
“You don’t know about the deaths. Many, in these parts. Ain’t in the press cause’a police. Not that they’re hidin’ it—they just don’t know what to do with it. Not a murder, ‘cause there ain’t ever no evidence. Not a suicide, ‘cause people ain’t yet figured out how to stop their own hearts. Not in the news, ‘cause it’s still happening. So what is it…?”
—then, the waiter/bartender came back out, and it was over.

I quietly opened the front door of The Cove Inn and slowly closed it behind me, careful not to make a sound. I didn’t want to wake anyone—
“Is that him?” I could hear Coranda ask.
Gretchen rushed into the dark foyer, where I was standing, drunk and confused – and she greeted me, taking hold of my arm to usher me into the common area.
“Yes yes yes come sit for a spot of tea,” she quickly muttered.
I wasn’t going to fight her off, as her pull was gentle like a mid-summer breeze, but I also didn’t want to…and then I was in the common area, and it wasn’t so worth avoiding.
Coranda was in the same chair while her daughter was beside the fireplace, leaning against the frame and watching me enter. Gretchen half-pushed me into a chair across from the fireplace and ran off to get me a cup of tea.
“Pleasure to see you again,” Coranda said and then motioned toward her daughter. “I believe you two have met.”
“I’m Crystal,” the daughter greeted me, walking over to shake my hand.
I stood for a formal introduction but, as Crystal shook my hand (with a firm grip, I might add), she pushed me back into the chair.
Gretchen handed me a steaming mug of tea—appearing out of nowhere.
Crystal returned to the fireplace.
“Try it try it,” urged Gretchen, of the tea.
I was drunk and considered tea a good option to maybe sober up a bit, so I took a sip, and then another, and then a bit more – it was possibly the best tea I had ever had in my life, the flavor rich and sweet.
Gretchen took the mug from me.
My arms and legs were instantly growing heavier…but my eyelids remained open. I wasn’t sleepy, just weighted, unable to move.
Coranda stood up and carried her chair in front of the fireplace. She set it down directly between me and the fire and sat in it, facing me.
Gretchen walked over and stood beside the chair.
Crystal remained behind it, against the frame of the fireplace, on the other side.
“Now…we’re gonna torture the life out of you,” Coranda said, leaning forward.
And then all three of them smiled.
2
“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting up straight in bed. The room was dark and unfamiliar and I was afraid – until, slowly, I realized it was room #3 at The Cove Inn B&B.
It was a dream, I realized. Damn vivid but a dream nevertheless.
I was out of breath from thrashing in my sleep, something I had done so hard that the blankets were entirely off the bed. I rolled over and found them bunched up on the floor and grabbed them and pulled them—only to reveal a man in a white ski mask lying underneath, hiding below the blankets. He was clutching a butcher knife and he leapt up and plunged the knife into my chest and I could feel every inch of steel penetrate through my pectoral and deeper into—

“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting up straight in bed. The room was dark and unfamiliar and I was afraid – until, slowly, I realized it was room #3 at The Cove Inn B&B.
The blankets were still over me – I hadn’t kicked them off. I rolled over and, slowly, cautiously, checked the floor. Nothing.
I cursed, breathing heavy.
I’m never drinking again, I promised myself.
My head was throbbing as the alcohol left my system so I got up and went into the bathroom for the Tylenol in my toiletries bag. A shower might also be needed. The light went on and the bathroom tiles glistened white and I had to shield my eyes at first.
I shut the door behind me and took two Tylenol and washed my face. The nightmares were already fading, their details slipping like sand. I dried my face—
A child’s cry startled me – it sounded close and, as I removed the towel from my face, I thought it might have come through a vent between my bathroom and the bathroom in the room next to mine.
I was horrified to find that it had come from within my bathroom, as there was a young Mexican boy standing beside me. It was a child I had never seen in my life, and I had no idea how he had gotten into the room let alone a small bathroom with the door closed. He was no older than five or six, clothed in pajamas, his face scared as he cried out for me to pick him up.
“Where are your parents?” I asked.
He just looked at the ground and danced around and cried out and lifted his arms so I would pick him up.
Hesitantly, I picked up the child and held him against my chest and asked about his parents again – but the child could only search the ground.
“Crab bug bites,” he told me.
I looked at the ground to see what the child was talking about—and found two silverfish crawl across the tile. They weren’t crab bugs (whatever that was) but it was creepy enough for me to back up – and then there, on the shower curtain, I found two “crab bags”. They were black and small, with pinchers.
I let out a disgusted sigh and backed away from the shower curtain.
The child released a louder cry and tried to climb up higher on my chest.
My eyes searched for this new distress and immediately found it – bugs were crawling out of the sink drain in droves. Centipedes, small spiders, flying ants. I quickly turned toward the bathroom door and grabbed the doorknob and twisted—it was locked. The doorknob didn’t twist. I tried to turn the lock but it wouldn’t budge – so I kicked the door, again and again; it wouldn’t budge.
There was a window covered by chicken wire—and that’s when I could feel something fall from the ceiling and down the back of my shirt. It was large, and it moved fast. I shook and twisted while holding the child. Once it fell out the back of my shirt, I looked up to see where it had fallen from: bugs were pouring out of the ceiling and into the glass bowl around the ceiling light, which was dimming as more bugs filled the bowl. The overflow was beginning to rain down.
The child cried harder and I did my best to shield the boy…when a massive cave spider scurried across the wall in front of me. It was bigger than a fist and jumped—straight at us. I dodged, just barely, and the spider landed against the shower curtain, heavy and big enough to make the curtain move with it.
Inside the shower were more bugs, and a black snake had coiled around the unplugged drain; its scales shimmered, even in the dimming light.
My feet were bare and a million tiny legs were climbing my toes and up my sweatpants. More bugs rained down and several landed in my hair and on my face.
Something large landed on my back—and then the bathroom filled with the most horrific smell I had encountered: sewage. A putrid, thick green slime began to overflow out of the sink drain, enveloping the many bugs that had filled it.
The stings became prevalent then. Adrenaline and fear had paused the pain but it was growing – bites on my neck, my feet, my face, scalp, legs, everywhere.
The shower was filling up with the same rotten, green sewage as the sink. The air was less and less breathable. More bugs scurried up my foot and pant legs as the sewage overflowed from the sink and onto the floor, with no sign of stopping. The liquid reached my foot and it was lukewarm and felt like oatmeal, and more of it poured over until the entire ground was covered.
The overhead light was filled with so many bugs that only ripples of light made it through.
The shower filled with enough sewage to overflow.
In the slime around my legs, I could feel a snake or eel or something long and slippery move between my feet—and it bit my ankle so hard I whimpered. I could feel fang in the bone.
The child seized up in my arms, against my chest. His crying stopped and he went limp. I held him back to find a face frozen with fear, eyes wide open in shock – and a massive beetle crawled out of his mouth and flew up and clung to the wall.
The green sewage climbed higher and higher as it filled the bathroom, submerging everything—
3
“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting up straight in bed. The room was dark and unfamiliar and I was afraid – until, slowly, I realized it was room #3 at The Cove Inn B&B.
There was a body curled against me, nubile and smooth. A crop of blonde silk was under my arm; it wasn’t frightening but familiar, comfortable.
Fear wasn’t even on my mind, though I was still a bit groggy.
It took a moment for the previous night to register but, like twisting the knobs on an etch-a-sketch, my mind began filling in the blank space with connecting lines of space and time. The bar in town. The young woman I had met on my way out – not just at the bar, she had been in my room earlier that night, too…Was she? I wondered. I had met her before but couldn’t place it. Details were hard to grasp.
The young woman was startled when my body tensed, and it must have woken her because she looked up at me with doe-like blue eyes. She was drop-dead gorgeous and younger by several years.
(What was her name? I couldn’t remember.)
“Are you okay?” she asked, innocently.
“Yea,” I answered, staring into her face.
We were both naked and I could feel her breasts cross my chest as she leaned up to gently kiss me with sweet, thin red lips. Her long eyelashes blinked at me with a curious look before a sly smile formed in the corners of her mouth, and she slowly backed away from me. A hand reached out from under the blankets of the bed, and she took hold of something on the bedside table, and she brought it under the covers, closer to me—and then she lifted it to my face:
Her smart phone, with ear-buds plugged into it.
She put an ear-bud in each of my ears and then pushed a few keys on her phone.
music cue
The young woman put a finger in front of her lips.
“Shhh, we don’t want to wake the neighbors,” she whispered in a low, sexy voice.
(I’m the only reservation tonight – the thought was quick, baseless, and immediately vanished.)
And then the young woman kissed my cheek bone, just above my trimmed beard. She kissed my temple and nibbled my earlobe, her body on haunches as she moved over me like a cat. Her lips touched the skin of my chest like raindrops dancing across the surface of a lake, from my collar to breast to stomach – which tightened because it tickled.
In all my adult life, I’d never had an experience like it.
The young woman kept moving south, caressing my thigh with one hand before grabbing my rock-hard cock to slip her mouth around the tip—
“Kris…Crystal?” I said, slowly remembering her name.
My memory was foggy—but then, like a bullet, I remembered Kay back home.
And I remembered my inability to keep people safe, or alive.
And I remembered the darkness that followed me.
Crystal giggled, mouth full – and, at first, I thought it was because she had realized I couldn’t remember her name.
Her head drooped down a bit, and then she removed my cock from her mouth.
Glancing up from under the blankets, her face took on a menacing glow.

They hadn’t moved, yet their outfits were different.
Crystal was in back, seductively leaning against the stone fireplace. She wore a white dress that matched her pale skin, with a long slit exposing her leg up to her thigh. Young and beautiful, the pose was knowingly suggestive.
Gretchen was beside the chair between me and the raging fire, her outfit an all-black, flowing nightgown. She had an old, wrinkled hand resting on the back of the chair but was otherwise hidden by the darkness.
And in the shadow of the fire sat Coranda, her hands crossed over her lap as she stared at me from under a red veil. Her outfit was blood red, with red heels, red stockings, and a twisted red skirt down to her crossed knees. She may have been twenty years my senior but the dress accentuated her voluptuous curves.
Get your brain in order, I thought, to remind myself these people were evil. Something was fogging my mind, so much so that even emotions were flexible to the point of inappropriate. My life was in danger – curves and suggestive posing should be the least of my concern.
“You must have had quite a life, Mr. Cunning,” Coranda said in an almost congratulatory voice.
“That was…the quickest we’ve ever seen,” commented Gretchen, and she looked down at her daughter with a hint of worry.
“Don’t fret, mother,” Coranda said, brushing a lock of flowing black hair away from the red veil. I could only make out her dark eyes and curled lip. “He will bend, eventually. And then he will break. They always do.”
I tried to scream but found my voice stuck deep in the back of my throat, lodged like a hunk of half-chewed meat – and the harder I tried to scream, the more I choked.
I tried to move but it felt like gravity on Earth had increased 1,000%. I couldn’t lift my arms or legs because they weighed hundreds of pounds each; my head couldn’t turn and my eyes couldn’t shut. I was stuck, frozen.
The music was still playing in the background, faint.
“I’ll allow you to speak in a whisper,” Coranda commanded, waving a hand in the air like the conductor of an orchestra.
Finally, I was able to speak.
“What do you want?” I asked, my voice a hoarse whisper.
“You didn’t research our area very well, did you?” she responded.
“I guess not,” I replied, a bit facetious.
This was supposed to be a fucking vacation.
“Well, that’s your mistake,” she answered—and then made a motion as if zipping up imaginary jeans.
I couldn’t speak again.
“We want all three of your souls, Mr. Cunning,” she admitted.
And then Coranda lifted a hand and motioned for Crystal to come forward.
Time slowed as Crystal moved off the edge of the fireplace and strolled – slowly, deliberately – toward my body in the chair. The song was ending; the fire, blazing. Her legs were long but her steps were short, and she got in front of me. Her hands reached down and gripped my arms, which were stuck to the armrests as if by glue, and she leaned in closer to my face.
“I’m going to bite your balls off—”

“—if you don’t stay hard,” Crystal finished saying.
We were back in room #3 of The Cove Inn B&B. Only, this time, my arms and legs were tied to the corner posts. And there was no blanket – I was naked and forced to remain spread eagle, entirely helpless.
Crystal stood up from the bed, no longer naked but in the same white dress with the slit.
And everything was in slow motion.
The room was dark until she lit a nearby lantern; it provided shallow detail and one long shadow across the wall. The song changed to something I was familiar with.
music cue
She kept her back to me during the intro of the song, standing at the foot of the bed between me and the door.
I was again able to move but couldn’t escape the ties binding me to the bed. I could scream but it made no sound, drowned out by the music of Black Sabbath. Nobody could hear me and I couldn’t hear anything but the music. When I closed my eyes, it was as if my eyelids had been removed (or they invisible) and the scene never turned black. I had to watch her.
Stay hard or she’ll bite off your nuts, I reminded myself of her warning.
I was quite lucid and found no difference between the common area, with the three women, and room #3, with just the two of us. I couldn’t tell which was real and suspected neither existed, as if I were stuck in an ethereal fever-dream.
And Crystal danced, her back to me as she moved her hips side-to-side with the beat. Even though her sensual movements were in slow motion, she slithered to the music in a unison I’ve never seen before or since. She slipped the dress off one shoulder and the strap tumbled down her arm; the other shoulder followed shortly after and the dress fell to the ground. Her ass was firm and small, athletic.
As her hips swiveled, the music continued:
Oh Lord yeah
She spun on her heel, turning around—her body was brown with age and wrinkles, frumpy and short. Her pubic hair was grey and unkempt, and her breasts sagged into a flubby stomach. It was the old woman, her grandmother Gretchen, now dancing – not Crystal – as if they had morphed into one another. But the old woman still moved seductively, like a young woman might.
“You don’t like this?” Crystal asked, innocently, even though Gretchen’s mouth spoke the words. “How about…this?”
Gretchen’s old skin turned red, and then black – as if burning from the inside out. The skin flaked to ash and her eyes turned red as they filled with blood…
When I didn’t flinch, the short body of cracking ash and blistering red cocked their head and stared at me, unsure.
I had been repeating the same thing over and over even though the song had drowned me out, but as my eyes narrowed, and my focus increased, the words became audible more and more each time I repeated them, until Crystal could finally hear what I was saying:
“I’m gonna fucking kill you,” I told her, over and over again with the conviction of a saint. It wasn’t a threat – it was a promise. And I kept repeating it until it wasn’t something I was telling her but screaming, my face turning red and then blue.
My body shook with rage.
The ash floated off the body and revealed Crystal hidden underneath the fire and ash. She held a finger to her lips and shushed me—and my scream was suddenly drowned out by the music again.
Her body was naked and she jumped on top of my legs.
Her dry tongue licked at my calves, then my thighs, higher and higher—and when she reached my hips, Crystal took a moment to laugh. Curiosity got the better of me and I looked down to find a micro-penis in place of my real one.
The fear and anger actually subsided as embarrassment washed over me like a cold bath – but I knew something was wrong, something was off.
This isn’t real.
It didn’t matter, as Crystal growled – I was weak again – and then she put her face in my naked lap. I could feel her teeth sink into the soft skin—but, instead of fear, anger flowed through me. Blood squirted every which way from under her face – but the pain was second to anger as the adrenaline pushed me into a frenzy. My body shook harder—

“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting up straight in bed. The room was dark and unfamiliar and I was afraid – until, slowly, I realized it was room #3 at The Cove Inn B&B.
I have a bad feeling about this, I slowly thought—and then realized: It’s a trap.
I couldn’t understand how but I knew it; something was wrong. The room wasn’t safe.
I got out of bed and walked to the window – it’s only the second floor, I’ll jump out this bitch, I accepted.
—zzzt
The windowsill shocked me hard, as if it were wired to a battery. I walked over and touched the light switch—
—zzzt. The room went white with the flash of a spark from the socket. It was worse and the current shot through my body.
I shook my head and went back to the window and avoided the metal, touching only the wood—zzzt.
My muscles tensed and I froze in pain; I imagine it felt similar to a taser – that is, absolutely awful.
But I fought against it because I knew: to stay would be to die.
“He is not like the others. He already knows.”
It felt as if my bones were on fire, a sensation I neither recommend nor find the words to accurately describe. There even came a moment, as my fists grabbed onto the window tighter, pulling it open harder, and harder – where I accepted the idea that I was going to pass out. Not that I would die – more that the world was about to become black and I’d probably hit my head.
I didn’t care, though.
To stay here is to die.

“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting up straight in bed. The room was dark and unfamiliar and I was afraid – until, slowly, I realized it was room #3 at The Cove Inn B&B.
Everything’s okay, I told myself, breathing heavily…only to realize there was no air in the room.
I couldn’t breathe.
I gasped – choking harder. I was in a vacuum devoid of oxygen, drowning in a B&B bedroom. I jumped up and grabbed the doorknob—zzzt.
“Motherfucker!” I cursed with my last bit of air.
And with my last bit of energy, I grabbed the bedside table and threw it at the window – not just for air, which I knew wasn’t coming (no help was coming, I knew for whatever reason) but also as an act of defiance. Something inside me wanted to tear The Cove Inn B&B down with my bare goddamn hands.
The lamp fell from the table and smashed against the floor; the table hit the window and smashed like the ceramic lamp.
Then, my hands grasped at my throat as if to untie an invisible noose and I fell to my knees, accepting the idea that I was going to pass out; not that I would die – more that the world was about to become black and I’d probably hit my head.
4
“Huyh!”
I gasped, already standing in a tight space crammed full with people. It reminded me of a subway at rush hour, overstuffed and uncomfortable – except…this was worse. Much worse. The cramped space was full of children and adults of all ages, from babies to the elderly – every human body sandwiched between at least three others – and more people were pushing in—or being pushed in by armed soldiers wearing grey. Everyone wore old fashioned, tattering clothes and stank of body odor.  There was little light once enough people had been shoved in and the massive sliding door screeched shut and clanged, locked. Daylight came through two rectangular slats at eye-level on either end of the container’s door, both small windows covered in rows of barbed wire. The air instantly stilted and the heat was stifling, unbreathable. A nearby mother cradled a small, limp child tight against her chest as she sobbed loudly.
There was no accompanying sound, save the crying, until:
“You’re going to experience an accelerated form of Typhoid and then die from it in four minutes. Do you know the symptoms of Typhoid?”
Beside me was a familiar old woman. She was shorter than me, frumpy, with greying hair and an all-black nightgown. Somehow, as I felt more and more claustrophobic, this old woman always had space around her. She spoke like a doctor, professionally withdrawn.
“You, Mr. Cunning, will die by intestinal perforation. Internal hemorrhaging. But the fever…”
As she spoke the word fever, a chill shot through my body. Suddenly, my head ached and my body shivered. It was hard to stand and both of my hands fought to grab my head – but I could only wiggle a small amount, squashed against the people around me and stuck in place.
Still, the old woman had space. She shoved her sausage fingers into a sterile glove and then snapped the plastic against her wrists.
—Gretchen! Her name’s Gretchen, I remembered.
“And I’m going to cut your eyeball out while you die,” the old woman told me—and a rusty scalpel appeared in her hand.
Oh—FUCK! I thought and struggled to move – but my eyes fluttered and my stomach turned and I gagged; nothing came out, though I was certain someone had just stabbed me in the belly, right in the side of my abdomen.
Gretchen came toward me and it was then that I realized she had some sort of invisible bubble around her that trampled and pushed away everyone around her, keeping her comfortable and un-cramped. When she got close enough, I could even feel her invisible force-field – like soft bubble-wrap pressing against my skin. And even as she got closer, I remained stuck – unable to run or move. A spike had been driven into my skull, or so it felt, and the fever was worse with every passing second. I tried to grab my head but, again, found myself unable to move – stuck between the people and an invisible bubble-wrap shield.
Gretchen lifted her leg and set her foot on a step that didn’t exist; then, she took another step up an invisible step ladder so that she was eye-level with me.
I wanted to curl over as my stomach melted inside my body. It felt like I had eaten ash, then did a shot of fire and chased it with sulphuric acid. My guts were burning and my body couldn’t decide if I should sweat, puke blood, die, shit myself, or freeze.
“The eyeball is just like a little water balloon,” Gretchen told me with an eerie calm. She used her ungloved hand to hold my right eyelid open as wide as possible.
The scalpel was directly over my eye, blocking my vision—and then, it was inside my eye. A clear liquid splashed out and warm blood ran down my cheek and the pain was so unbearable that I immediately died from shock—

“Very good, mother. Thank you,” Coranda said as her mother, Gretchen, slowly walked back to her place beside the chair.
I couldn’t move or scream.
The fire raged.
Crystal watched from her place behind the chair, leaning against the frame of the fireplace. “He didn’t even make it two minutes,” she laughed.
What the literal fuck? I thought, horrified.
It literally felt as if, not five seconds earlier, I had been dying from Typhoid on a train to Dachau while my eyeball was cut out.
But I was back in the common area of The Cove Inn B&B.
“You are a hard man to kill, Mr. Cunning,” Coranda told me, almost congratulatory. “But now we have the soul of your flesh. Just two more, and then we can be finished. How is your mind? Hazy? Confused?” She nodded, and a part of me expected her to smile – but she didn’t. “Why don’t you let us help?”

“Huyh!”
I gasped, sitting straight up in my seat.
Three witches are trying— I thought in an attempt to warn myself.
But the waiter/bartender was shaking my body, waking me. I had my laptop open in front of me, the journal half-read.
“Wake up,” the waiter/bartender kept saying.
I shook the sleep off and looked around.
“I must have dosed off,” I said and apologized.
I got up to settle the bill and walked to the bar, the waiter/bartender behind me.
The bar was darker than before, as the night was pitch-black. Through the window overlooking the river, I could see that the sky was clouded with thick, bubbly (bubble-wrap?) clouds.
I handed the waiter/bartender a $100 bill, the only cash I brought with me. He told me it would take a minute, that he would have to run up to the office to make change, and I nodded an acknowledgement. And then he disappeared through a door.
There was only one other patron, and the stranger sat a few seats down the bar from where I stood waiting for my change.
“You ain’t from here,” the gangly stranger at the bar said, facing forward and away from me. He had a long, hangdog face, and his skin was almost as white as the B&B walls. His nose was wide in the bridge, his hair long and greasy and stuck together.
I happily nodded back.
“You ain’t know about these woods?” he asked, his lips in a considerate grimace as he gave a nod to my ignorance of these here parts.
But, as a writer, I was naturally intrigued…and drunk. Hammered, really.
“Wha—up?!” I asked and hiccupped.
My head tilted like a curious cocker spaniel.
And then, while I struggled to stay upright, the gangly stranger said this without ever turning to me:
“You don’t know about the deaths. Many, in these parts. Ain’t in the press cause’a police. Not that they’re hidin’ it—they just don’t know what to do with it. Not a murder, ‘cause there ain’t ever no evidence. Not a suicide, ‘cause people ain’t yet figured out how to stop their own hearts. Not in the news, ‘cause it’s still happening. So what is it…?”
“What’ist what?” I wondered with a very wide-eyed blink; his words were absolutely gibberish to me.
“Twenty-three bodies found in these here woods, just o’er the last five years. That’s…well, that’s a lot. You’d think the news would be all o’er it but no. Ain’t no crime, just bodies. Shells, hollowed out. No motive. No tracks ‘sides the body’s. But the po-leace can’t answer just one simple question: how can so many people die’a fright…when there ain’t no reason?”
“You’re telling me…that, just in this area…the police have found twenty-three dead bodies over the last five years?”
The pale, gangly stranger nodded.
“And they don’t got a cause of death on any of ‘em,” I snorted, disbelieving to the point of a chuckle.
The pale, gangly stranger pulled a strand of black, greasy hair out of his face – but in a feminine manner, delicately.
“They got’a cause of death,” he said, “but no one understands it. Not like I do.” His voice lowered. “They usin’…them bluetooths!”
I chuckled again and told the stranger he was definitely right—then, the waiter/bartender came back out with my change and it was over.

I quietly opened the front door of The Cove Inn and slowly closed it behind me, careful not to make a sound. I didn’t want to wake anyone—
“Is that him?” I could hear Coranda ask.
Gretchen rushed into the dark foyer, where I was standing, drunk and confused – and she greeted me, taking hold of my arm to usher me into the common area.
“Yes yes yes come sit for a spot of tea,” she quickly muttered.
I fought her off with a quick, “I need’a use my phone and work and bathroom and other—” and I was up the stairs, leaving the old woman behind.
Inside my room…was an eerie sense of calm. All my stuff was where I left it…but I had an awful sense of déjà vu, or that something wasn’t where I left it, like someone else had been in my room.
But, I ignored it and got into bed.

I woke the next morning having slept more soundly, and more comfortably, than in recent memory; there was also just enough time to run downstairs and catch a complimentary breakfast, where everything was delicious. The French toast was still warm from the chaffing dish but not overcooked, nor was it soggy or old. The pancakes were thick and fluffy yet, like the butter on top of them, they melted against the tongue. Sausage was just right, evenly cooked on both sides; same with the bacon. And the coffee was easily the best I ever had, perfectly sweet without ruining the delightfully tart blend.
The main area was empty as I ate at a small table against the wall and, throughout the entire B&B, I couldn’t hear a sound. No one anywhere, not at the main desk, no other guests, no one; it wasn’t creepy but peaceful. The wood was full of birds, and the river in the distance could be heard bustling and babbling through the open window.
There was a moment where I thought back to the night before and remembered a fever, stomach pains, a bug…or something with bugs. And…green slime? Suffocation? Deranged dreams from a drunken slumber, I guessed.
My reservation had only been for the night (Why wasn’t it the whole weekend?) so I packed up and left shortly after breakfast.
The drive was long but I stopped at two separate rest stops and bought cheap, disgusting cups of coffee to keep myself alert. Instead of going straight home, I stopped in to visit Kay. She was the only person in my life, really, and I visited on my way out of town as well as when I returned from my various trips – and, even though I had only been gone a day, it somehow felt much longer.
The Prault Home was right in town and it was where Kay lived, ever since we moved to the area. (It had actually influenced my decision, as the Prault Home was a renowned institution and it seemed like the best place for her.) Kay didn’t have much family and neither did I so, after she was attacked, I relocated us to a different town in a different state, some distance away from our past. I wasn’t running; I was avoiding reminders. Until I purposely sought out the darkness, it had always followed me, since birth—well, since around the age of five. (Nothing knew yet what had happened before I was about four years old – and I say about because I still don’t know when my birthday is.)
Our past was very much behind us; we just survived together.
Kay’s eyes lit up as I entered her room.
“Hey, beautiful,” I greeted and leaned in to kiss her forehead – and she gave me a bigger hug than usual.
As always, before I left, I had made Kay several tupperware containers of food to enjoy while I was gone – and one of them was open, half-eaten, in front of her. She loved spaghetti with meatballs but, since I had made it so often, I had decided to try something new. I bought burger buns, cut a hole in the top, coated them in a mixture of melted butter, egg whites, garlic, and parsley, and then filled each with homemade meatballs topped with marinara and parmesan and mozzarella cheeses, then baked them in the oven so they turned out like mini-meatball subs. It was a recipe I sort of made up as I went along (something I always did) but the meal turned out better than I expected.
Each container had one meal (with a side of garlic butter asparagus) and Kay was halfway through. She offered one of the mini subs to me but I declined, as the rest-stop coffee wasn’t sitting well in my stomach.
I took a seat and her eyes flickered from me to the television on the wall and back. The more comfortable she became with my presence, the more she would relax and let the television absorb her. I wasn’t certain she followed the plots; it was more for the flashes of color, and the music. She loved music. Her eyes watched the screen with rapt fascination.
I pulled the chair beside the bed and, once she was done eating, took her hand while she watched her shows. Slowly, I dozed off—when a loud, steady beep woke me up. I jostled in my seat and opened my eyes and looked around – to find other people in the room, nurses. They were surrounding Kay’s bed as another nurse rushed in pushing the defibulator cart.
I jumped out of the seat and got closer. Kay’s eyes were open but lifelessly staring off. Her lips were blue. They ripped the sheets off her and tore open her gown as a doctor ran in, the stethoscope around her neck jostling as she took hold of the defibulator paddles and rubbed them together.
I couldn’t tell what had happened. There was no blood, no injury, no reason for Kay’s heart to stop – “Clear,” the doctor yelled out and pressed the paddles to Kay’s bare chest and the surge of electricity caused her to arch up—and then she stared at me and opened her mouth and, with the stump (where her tongue had been) visible and jarring inside her mouth, she screamed, “Why didn’t you save me!?”
5
“Huyh!”
I gasped, shaking in the chair.
The three women were motionless, their expressions both curious and wary.
“That was quick,” Coranda finally chuckled, breathing a sigh of relief.
Crystal’s mouth was slightly open, slack-jaw. “It’s…almost romantic…” Crystal trailed off, watching me from beside the fire; however, she was no longer leaning against the fireplace in a knowingly suggestive poise. She was standing, watching, tensed and prepared to run or fight or grab a weapon – I couldn’t tell what her next move would be but, whatever it was, she was ready.
“That’s noble of you, Mr. Cunning,” Coranda nodded, “giving up such an important piece of yourself for someone you love. It’s telling of character.”
I had no idea what the fuck she was talking about – I hadn’t given up anything, at least not consciously. But, something about me was different. They had said “three souls” would be taken from me and, from what they’d said, I could surmise what they were: the body; the mind; and, the soul.
Each time I seemed to “return” to the common area of The Cove Inn, surrounded by these three female horrors, I felt…better, in a way. I didn’t feel safe, and I wasn’t suddenly fearless, at least not entirely; especially not as one might understand fear.
And none of these positive feelings were of my own doing.
It was as if I had spent every waking moment of my life with weights on my back – the weight of being hurt, the weight of potential wounds, the weight of pain in general. Without concern, we might head into every battle filled full of indifference – but my concern for my own well-being had been stolen.
Whatever they were doing, it had vanished the weight of self-preservation.
And, in the back of my mind, it felt as if I had been freed, as if my mind had literally been opened and upgraded and expanded. I was capable of understanding more, seeing more, feeling more; it wasn’t that they had taken my mind, and I was a drooling child once more, but that they had removed the pressure of self-awareness, the fear of indecency, of embarrassment.
These feelings, for the rest my life thus far, have never returned.
“But he…he moved,” Gretchen, the old woman, warned.
I moved again, slightly—and all three women startled.
“He did, he moved!” gasped Crystal.
“He shouldn’t move,” added Gretchen, worried.
“He moved,” confirmed Coranda, her eyes narrowed with suspicion.
And then I stood up, out of the chair – wobbly, but on my feet. Capable.
Crystal screamed.
Gretchen fainted.
Coranda cowered and cried out, “Please don’t hurt us.”
I stared at them each—but didn’t say anything; just turned and stumbled away, out the front door, into the night. Tripping down the front stairs. Stumbling, towards my car. And I fell onto the gravel driveway…but picked myself up, crawled on, knelt, stood. I was groggy but in control of my faculties, obviously drugged.
I reached my car and climbed up the door, smiling. I got up, covered in dirt, and reached for my keys – which I found in my right front pocket. (Weren’t they in my suitcase?) I pulled out the keys and pushed the unlock button – click beep – my door was unlocked and—I glanced through the window.
Then stopped.
Where’s the gear shift? I wondered—
“AHHHH!” Crystal screaming, charging at me—and, in both hands, held high over her head, she had a long stick; and it wasn’t until the sharp-edge of the blade glistened in the moonlight that I realized it was an ax.
“No,” I called out, gently. It would have been more forceful if I had strength, and it would have been more fearful if not for the fact that I wasn’t much concerned about the pain or possible death – I was just saying “no” because I was tired of this bitch.
And I raised my hand, not in defense, but to hold her away at the chest, my palm facing her—and, just as she got closer, a blue light flickered from my palm. Crystal turned to wisps of smoke that washed over me like a mist, and then I was alone.
“Uh,” I sort of grumbled, hazily side-stepping, “the fuck?”
I checked my palm: nothing. I sighed – and, with that breath of fresh air, I found strength; then, I stood more completely, grounded, steady.
I took off like a shot.
Running down the narrow lane toward the nearest town back, my speed increased the harder I focused. My strength hadn’t just returned – it was increased, exponentially. I had newfound abilities, and I understood that this nightmare was finally over. A blue energy surrounded my body and my feet rose off the ground until I wasn’t touching the Earth’s surface, and air flushed through my hair as I continued, faster and faster, and the air turned to lightning, and I was leaping acres of forests and over city blocks.
music cue

Syke.
“That was quick,” Coranda again chuckled, facetiously.
Darkness, and then—
“Errgh!”
I growled, shaking as I woke; I didn’t sit up, though.
The music continued playing, drowning out my screams as I woke during surgery, paralyzed.
I’m over this bullshit, I thought.
A blue sheet was tied over the nose and mouth of the surgeon – but their black eyes were connected over the bridge of the nose in a way I’ve never seen on a human, slopping inward. And their forehead was caked in pale, flaking flesh. And their hair was greasy and knotted and blackened by ash.
The overhead light turned out to be an irregular strobe light – a white flash, a prolonged, 5-second period of light, then another flash of white, and finally darkness. And then it repeated.
I saw everything in blips, because of the overhead light.
A white flash, a prolonged period of light—inch by inch, my stomach slit open and split apart under the precise edge of a scalpel, as if it was the consistency of butter—then another flash of white, and darkness.
A white flash, a prolonged period of light—the skin around the surgeon’s eyes turned blue and then a deadened purplish, like a cadaver—then another flash of white, and darkness.
A white flash, a prolonged period of light—the surgeon reached into my abdominal cavity and pulled out ropes of bloody intestines, laughing wildly. His mask was off and his bloated purpling face was visible. His black lips were wide open and his mouth was filled with sharp teeth and a black goo that oozed into my open—

“Arrgh!”
I howled, shaking as I woke; I didn’t sit up, though – not that I would’ve been able to. I was snug in a black, empty space which I knew to be a coffin.
I could hear two women laughing; then, dirt pouring overtop the wood coffin.
“Mr. Cunning, we have your flesh and your mind – and we have all the time in the world to take your spirit,” Coranda told me. “The sooner you understand that you’re not going anywhere, ever again, the better it’ll be for all of us.”
A blue light began to fill the dark space, it swarmed over my like fire – and my anger shook the coffin.
“I don’t understand? I don’t understand?! I do understand - finally. Oh, I understand. In fact, I don’t think you understand,” I howled back and let out a mad, screeching cackle. “I’m not confined in here with you – it’s you who’s trapped themselves in here with me. This is my fucked-up mind. If this is an adventure, we go together."
6
“Errm!”
I growled, shaking as I woke; I didn’t sit up, though. An arm’s reach above me was a grey sheet of metal, and the wall was made of thick cinderblocks painted an almost pink-ish tan. At first, I thought it was a coffin – but then I noticed light, and a small, open area beside me.
I was groggy, waking—something’s happened! I quickly reminded myself; it was an emphatic warning though I couldn’t place it. Or – something’s…still happening? It was the remnants of a dream pouring between my fingers like grabbing water.
And I couldn’t remember where I was, or how I got there.
The mattress was thin, on top of a hard metal like the one above me.
There was a rumbling overhead as two muscular, tattooed calves dangled over the side – another person.
These were bunk beds and I was on the bottom.
Where the fuck am I?
Before I could roll off the uncomfortable bed, the man above me hopped off the top bunk – and his back caught my attention: muscular, lean, and covered in a kaleidoscopic panorama of black ink tattoos. Between his shoulder blades and reaching all the way down to the (visible) crack of his ass was the picture of a vast church and its four bell towers, with the lady Madonna hugging a baby to the side.
Someone shouted gibberish through steel.
The man standing in front of the beds twisted, ducked down, and shot me a serious glance. He was bald, with a wide nose and bushy eyebrows—and he smacked me in an attempt to hurry me up. But, I wasn’t sure what to do.
Slowly, I rolled out of the bottom bunk and stood up beside the bald, muscular man. He watched me with vicious eyes. Once I was up and standing, I found him to be short, the top of his head just below my chin – also, I was in a prison cell. The only door consisted of long, narrowly spaced metal bars painted pink-ish; behind that, a second door – thick gray, a slab of steel with a square hole in the center. A guard was watching through a slit covered in chicken-wire near the top of the door.
The guard moved on.
I glanced around the room, confused. Everything was other pink-ish or gray: Gray metal desk with one gray seat. Pink-ish walls. Metal beds. Metal sink and toilet. No window. Mirror. It was easy to take a quick inventory because there was almost nothing, with barely enough space for the man and I to stand.
I sat on the bottom bunk again—and the short, muscular man slapped me again.
“Oh—cut that shit out, Curley!” I scolded him, standing again. He reminded me of one of the Three Stooges and it was the first, reflexive name I called out, rubbing my face, which was turning red not just from the slap but embarrassment over a grown-ass man slapping me like a child.
Curley spat gibberish at me, staring up into my face.
It’s…Russian, I think. He’s speaking Russian. I was a bit calmed by this realization, only because it meant everyone wasn’t speaking nonsense…but then I frowned, as it dawned on me:
I don’t fucking speak Russian!
Curley sat at the metal table, in the only seat, and I could tell he was watching carefully…as I slowly backed closer to the bed…and crouched, about to—he stood up and spat Russian and lifted a hand.
So, I’m not allowed to sit on the bed. Got it.
I stood up and looked around the small cell. The sink was clean and I turned on the cold water and splashed some on my face, hoping it might wake me from this. There weren’t any towels so I dried my face on my shirt—and there, in the mirror, were two women standing in the common area of The Cove Inn. Gretchen, the older woman, was beside the chair in the center of the room, between me and the fire; and, in the chair, was Coranda, her eyes searching me with a giddy pleasure otherwise hidden by a scowl. (Crystal was absent the background.) It was like staring through a window that led into a different time zone, into a different room in a different world on a different planet.
“Ah fuck…” I cursed.
“You threatened me, sweetheart,” Coranda stated calmly, speaking at normal volume; I could hear her as if sitting right in front of her – but I wasn’t, I was in a fucking prison cell and she was in The Cove Inn.
I checked Curley, who was seated at the table, inspecting his fingernails—but, noticing my attention on him, he puffed out his chest and narrowed his brown eyes and glared up at me quickly. It was almost humorous, a pretense…and, seated, he reminded me of a munchkin from Oz.
I pointed at the mirror to see what his response would be—and he spat a bunch of fast, harsh Russian at me.
I turned back to the mirror which, apparently, only I could see.
“Death row in a Russian prison – just to show you how…important it is that you don’t underestimate me,” Coranda told me, matter-of-factly. She was doing her best to make it seem like she was choosing her words carefully – however, there was something about it that made me feel like she’d said exactly these words a million times before. “Enjoy your punishment, Mr. Cunning.”
“Russia doesn’t have a death row,” I corrected her. (It was abolished in 1996, I had read somewhere.)
“Oh, that’s great,” scoffed Coranda, sarcastically, and then she snippily added, “I love it when people correct me. Fine, then a maximum security gulag in Siberia. How about that? And let’s add a bit of fun to it, Mr. I-Know-Everything. Shall we?”
music cue
“How about one song playing over and over again? That sounds fun.” I tried to say something but she cut me off. “I’ll see you in a month, my dear.”
—and then the mirror was a mirror; I could see my own face, one I barely recognized anymore.
Everything snapped into focus as if someone flipped a switch behind my eyes—and then everything inside me snapped again. I was a prisoner and nothing was real – so, I smashed my fist into the mirror, shattering it. I screamed and it bellowed within the small, sweaty cell. I grabbed the sink to rip it off the wall and kicked the toilet, stomping on the side to knock it off. I was going to destroy everything…but, I started noticing, nothing had broken. Not the mirror or the sink. The toilet hadn’t even dented. This infuriated me more but, the harder I smashed, the less damage I seemed to cause.
The music continued to play from invisible speakers inside my head but I could still hear my surroundings. Footsteps were running toward the cell door; I could hear it through the bars and chicken-wire. Sounded like, outside the cell, there was a long corridor presumably filled with identical cells.
After a moment, heaving and breathing heavily, I stopped…and turned toward the door. Curley was frozen in his seat, mouth agape. His hand was folded and finger nails toward his face, mid-inspection but frozen in a very real fear, though a hint of curiosity and surprise remained in his eyes.
Blood dripped from my knuckles. Everything hurt. The room grew hot, swelteringly so, and the oxygen decreased, and I found it hard to breath. Everything hurt. The gray slab of metal swung open, keys jangled, and the pink-ish bars opened. Guards in full-body gray poured into the small cell. Curley stood with his hands behind his head but I WASN’T DONE—I hit the first guard in the throat with the knuckle of index and middle finger – and, as the guard dropped, I went for the next guard—
The beating that followed was the worst in my life.
And I was quickly unconscious.
Facts for whatever
Fifteen steps
Then a shear drop

I woke, silently, blind in one eye. Lifting my hand, I found my knuckle bound in another white bandage (with soft pink splotches of blood). Above me was a gray sheet of metal – I was back in the cell. My left arm was in a sling.
Curley was still seated at the table, almost directly across from where I was laying. When our eyes connected, he gave me a smirk and made a hand gesture for me to rise off the bed.
I sat up and shook my head. It felt as if no time had passed even though I had obviously been taken to the infirmary.
That goddamn song was still playing and I knew only I could hear it.
A guard yelled Russian through the doorway and I stood off the bed; the guard continued on.
A short time later, a bowl of soup came through the square opening in the metal door. It was hooked to the end of a pole so no doors were opened. Curley stood and reached through a small slat in the pink-ish bars and took hold of the soup and brought it into the cell. He sat at the table once more, slurping his meal.
I walked over to the cell door, expecting a second bowl – but it was quickly shut, and the guards moved on.
And so was the routine.
I couldn’t sit. The same song played over and over…
You used to be alright
What happened?
Etcetera etcetera
…and they never did feed me. But, then again, I never did die – so maybe they didn’t need to. That doesn’t mean I didn’t starve. I was always hungry, in fact.
There was no day. No night. Just gray or pink-ish or a plain, non-offended tan.
I couldn’t sit. And they never did feed me. The song continued to play. Sleep didn’t exist. Curley stayed at his table. He’d slurp his soup. And check his nails. And watch me. My thoughts were slow. Time was stuck. I was stuck.
`Wednesday feels like Tuesday.`
`Tuesday could be Christmas.`
`I miss the life I never had, the dreams that pass me by.`
`I never had those either.`
Facts for whatever
Fifteen steps
Then a shear drop
…and then I got a visitor.
7
Shortly before a visitor came to the maximum security  gulag, Curly and and I were in the middle of a bizarre exchange.
I was pacing the short distance of the cell, between the bunks on one side and the sink, desk, and chair (with Curly seated) on the other. I’d have to narrow my step when passing Curly, as even brushing his leg would cause him to stand and puff out his chest. But eventually he would sit back down and check his nails, or sip at the bowl of soup the guards passed through the doors. He was the human equivalent of a computer program that could only do three or four things.
Oh, and the song continued playing over and over again in my head.
I liked to ask Curly questions but had to do so super loud to hear myself over the music.
“HEY CURLY WHAT DO YOU THINK OF SQUIRRELS?”
I reached the end of real questions almost immediately and would instead talk about whatever popped into my head.
“I THINK THEY’RE CUTE BUT ALSO KIND OF ANNOYING BECAUSE THEY STEAL NUTS ALL THE NUTS.”
It wasn’t even real talking, more rambling without thought.“
AND I REALLY WANT A. MOTHER. FUCKING. HAMBURGER!”
If I got too loud, for too long, the guards would open both sets of locked doors and rush in and beat the shit out of me - but, I quickly learned, after the shit was beat out of me I would wake with wounds that would instantly fade, and the song would continue (You used to be alright What happened? Did the cat get your tongue? Did your string come undone?) and Curly would inspect his nails for dirt, or sip his soup, and I’d be forced to resume pacing and rambling and nothing upon nothing upon fucking nothing and no food and nothing, fuck!
I had come to view the cell and guards and Curly and everything as an awful video game (my thoughts were in a constant state of deterioration but the idea that life in the gulag was a game helped retain a small bit of sanity). Only a few things would happen, after specific actions, but, even within such a small space, the possibilities were endless to fuck with things.
I had even found a way to remind myself it was all a game:
On the back of my left hand, the blue veins spell HI - or, they do in real life; there, in the gulag, however, the veins on the back of my hand formed an X. (It was to be the only time in my life where the saying Know it like the back of my hand had a literal meaning.)
Yelling my thoughts was a good way to see if anything I said could affect Curly - and, after long enough, the guards would come in for a fight. They would always win but, each time, I got one step farther. I knew the first guard would drop out of commission with a right hook and I could kick the second guard in the stomach before the third guard would swing a club. Ducking the club in time had caused me to catch a knee to the face - and then a reset; or at least that’s what had happened during the last attempt.
I would have encouraged a fight more often if it wasn’t for the blunt force trauma to my head each time I was knocked unconscious - even though it was all a game, right? Doesn’t matter if that game knocks brain against skull each time you fuck up.
“WHAT ABOUT CHIPMONKS? THEY’RE DEFINITELY CUTE WITH NO DOWNSIDE.”
Curly glanced up at me from his nails and gave me a familiar, distrustful look. If I were to sit on the bed, he’d smack at me to stand. If I touched him, he would stand and puff out his chest - but if I hit him, he’d take it without falling or flinching or moving or bleeding, like a short, bald Russian Superman.
“YOU LOOK LIKE A MIDDLE SCHOOL GYM TEACHER,” I told him - and then the outer door unlocked.
I sighed and backed beside the sink, grabbing a nearby pillow. I had modified the pillow case by ripping a hole at the end so I could fit my left arm through it, using it as a left flank shield (for the club swing I knew was coming). Lifting my fists in preparation of a fight, with my hands at my chin, I could see the veiny X on the back of my left hand reminding me it wasn’t really life; it was capital G-ame.
Hook, dodge, kick, pillow block, attack move, down-down, B A, start.
But, when the first door opened, I only found two guards entering - not the usual three. Before they opened the second, barred door, one of the men aimed a handgun at us while the other screamed something in Russian.
The song, finally, stopped - and it was incredible, like a migraine vanishing.
Curly stood up and turned to the wall and spread his legs a bit and raised both hands to the back of his head. It was different, something I hadn’t seen before, so I hesitantly mimicked Curly’s actions - just to see what this was.
The guard opened the door and walked in while the other remained trained on us with the gun. My wrists were cuffed behind my back—and then darkness, as they slipped a black nylon over my head. It smelled of old-man musk and rotten corn, and there was definitely men’s stubble stuck in the fabric - so to describe the experience as unpleasant would be an understatement.
I was forcibly marched out of the cell and down a disorienting corridor and through several areas and rooms—then, my cuffed were taken off, my hands brought around front, and fresh set of cuffs snapped closed. I was seated and the black nylon was removed and I found myself in the most peculiar room ever.
Let’s start with the decor, which closely resembled the U.S. midwest in the 1970s. Brown shag carpeting, faux-wood wall paneling, and bright, crystalline lighting. There were many metal desks in the vast room. Many seats were occupied by criminals chained to the desktop, just as I was, and they were speaking to women and parents and family. It was a visitors area.
But my desk was empty.
Everyone had a visitor but me.
I looked around, first curious and then confused.
No one seemed to notice or care that I was alone. Guards lined the room and paced the rows of desk, their black boots a ridiculous counter to the nostalgic shag. It was such a bizarre, quiet, warm-feeling room that I eventually laughed. Apparently, the visitor area in a maximum security gulag is interchangeable with a 70’s key party.
Still alone, I motioned for the guard to come free me - but, after a bizarre glance, he went about ignoring the request. And…I noticed the men around sharing glances my way. They weren’t looking at me, per se; they were looking at the empty seat on the other side of the desk.
I waved a hand, moved, and asked a nearby gazer, “Tha’ fuck you lookin’ at, bo-zo,” (not a better day for my insults). After a bit, I was certain - they definitely saw something I did not. And, whatever it was, the men liked it.
And then I noticed the people closest turned toward me; then, everyone was turning. Not just the men looking over but the women and children and parents, they suddenly shook as if startled by a sound I couldn’t hear. Kids began crying. The women grabbed the children and backed away. Men, handcuffed to the desks, tried to scatter but could only kneel and back away as far as the restraint would allow. One thing was certain: the people were scared of whatever invisible monster sat at my desk.
I didn’t have much time to worry before a desk beside me flipped over, taking with it the man handcuffed to it - he spun through the air like a rag doll. Another man cowering near me stopped moving. I thought whatever threat he saw was gone…but a line of blood crossed his prison uniform, and the metal desk beside him split in two…and then i watched his skin detach, split apart to reveal sinew, and muscle, and bone - and the man fell to the ground in a heaping pile, having been split in two by some unseen, razor sharp weapon.
I was alone at the desk. Determined not to stay and find out whatever the fuck was happening, I twisted my wrists to feel the tensile strength of the cuffs - and found it impossible to maneuver. I couldn’t break the metal or even find much flexibility in it. I was stuck, unable to escape. Still, nothing was happening in front of men - only around me, to the others in the room.
The crowd had run, those that could. Parents and women and children had made it to the exits but the guards were refusing to let them exit without a thorough scan of each person leaving. The men nearest, who couldn’t escape, were meeting gruesome deaths right and left. One man screamed in agony as his flesh wore away, burning off from an invisible fire. Another man’s head imploded, and then his whole body crumbled, crushed beneath an invisible weight. An entire row of desks and men blew back and smashed against a nearby wall.
But, my metal desk stayed in place and I remained unmoved.
I was alone. Around me was a radius of carnage and empty, blood-soaked space. Ahead of me, in the distance across the room, a large door slammed open and two lines of guards quickly marched in. I expected them to fight whatever invisible monster thrashed in front of me - but the guards stopped. And through the door walked a woman in black. Her outfit was more regal than the guards drab gray - black with accents of red. She walked steady, determined.
I recognized her immediately.
Anger flushed the blood to my face and I twisted my wrists - the cuffs snapped in half. I was free of the desk.
Gretchen continued walking toward me. She was shorter than the guards lined on either side of her but her grey hair matched them. She had no weapon, and her dress was more nightgown than uniform. Her eyes glared at me as she got closer and I didn’t walk towards her. I didn’t even prepare myself for a fight; moreso, I waited. But…Gretchen stopped short of me and spoke to something I could not see.“What is the issue?” she asked; and that’s when I realized her glare wasn’t at me but something a few feet away, just between us.
Gretchen glanced at me and further wrinkled her face in dismay as she watched something happen around me that I couldn’t see or feel.
Suddenly, red flames encircle Gretchen, and her eyes glowed a blood red, and her body turned blask as ash and thin as bone, her fingers jagged points of rotted root—I yelped in fear and she instantly returned to normal.
“Well,” she said to something invisible, dismissing it, “he can still see me.”
Gretchen walked toward me with a very knowing, sly expression. Her arms dropped to the side. My fists lifted to my chin, fully prepared to beat the shit out of an old woman. Her skin and dress emitted a red hue, glowing. The fire returned around her, lowered than before, red flames flickering. Her eyes widened, reaching back across her temples like the slits of a snake.
“Fuck you, ya ole’ bitch!” I hollered and shoved at her, my arms out and punching toward her sternum and gut. The bright blue flowed out as if a firehouse of Bunsen-burner fire and I didn’t first notice it came from my hands; no, what I noticed was the look of horror and surprise in Gretchen’s eyes just before it hit her body, burning from her center outward until she was nothing more than dissipating smoke.
And then I was alone again. A smile crossed my lips. I was a savior and turned to check the other visitors—black, utter darkness, as a guard smashed me in the back of my head with the butt of a rifle.

I woke up. Curley was inspecting his nails. The cell was small.
I sat up on the bed but didn’t stand. I rubbed my knees and shook the sleep from my head, and then stared down.
“This isn’t real,” I told Curly.
I held up my hand and showed him the veiny X.
And then I understood it a little better.
This isn’t real.
“This isn’t real,” I repeated and slowly stood up.
The metal sink was bolted into the ground - yet, I found it surprisingly easy to kicked it over. Stone and dust and water sprayed up. Curly got off his chair and puffed his chest out. I didn’t do anything, just turned toward him—and I saw the results in slow motion. His body fell back and, as he stumbled to the ground, a bright shade of blue washed over him front to back, and nothing but smoke hit the ground.
Again, I was alone.
Footsteps running toward the cell—and then the guards were just outside, unlocking the first door…but, it was taking too long.
“This isn’t real,” I said again.
I waved a hand and the door of bars in front of me twisted and widened and broke until the metal had bent outward into a large opening - just as the guards unlocked the other door.
Three guards rushed in.
A right hook dropped the first guard, and he landed on the ground unconscious.
I dodged a wild punch from the second guard and hit him square in the stomach - he doubled over, injured but still in the fight.
And the third guard swung his club at my head—but it broke against my forearm as I deflected the blow.
Both guards looked at me for a moment.
I smiled.
More guards were running down the corridor as the two guards blew out of my cell and against the tan wall. I casually walked out after them, feeling like quite the superhero. It wasn’t just the idea that I felt stronger (I did) but that anything was possible, that I could do anything I thought of. I turned toward the guards - who stopped a good dozen feet away from me to brace themselves, aim, and fire their handguns at me in a straight line of fire.
Several bullets missed entirely but a few hit me in the chest and head—and bounced off.
This. Is. Awesome.
I turned my neck, audibly cracking it, and then began walking toward the guards.
More bullets were fired and several ricocheted, skimming off me and hitting nearby cell doors and walls, floors, ceilings. Sparks skirted in all directions. The booms of each gunshot echoed down the corridor. The clinks of empty clips hitting the floor, the click of a reload, more shots—and then silence.
I didn’t make a big show of it; the guards squished into goo against the walls.
I swirled my hand in the air and the bland stone corridor ahead twisted like the clouds in a Van Gogh painting, and it formed a doorway out - not just out of the gulag but a way out, a portal out of that world and into another.
8
I woke in my bed with a headache. And then the flashes of light started: a swathe of blood-red, a burst of white—slowly dissipating into sparks, stars in outer space, a half-dozen embers floating, fading.
Loud POP sounds followed.
“‘the fridge?!” I cried out, so startled that I mispronounced the curse word “fuck”.
The source of the sudden excitement – I had fallen asleep with the television on. Predator was playing, something I determined by the sounds. (“Gonna have me some fun,” someone onscreen kept repeating.) The noise, the light on the wall, the sleep in my eye – it was all a trick, my mind freaking me out.
I had fallen asleep sitting up in bed, with my laptop opened up on the pillow beside me. This was how I usually slept – in spurts, accidentally. It was more like a straight REM nap than anything else. I had a tendency to stay awake for hours, and hours, and days, and days – because I had grown to hate sleep; it was even driving me a bit mad. My record was three days without sleep, which is nowhere near the world record of eleven days and twenty-four minutes but, you know, you’ll die eventually. Once the hallucinations set in, about midway through day two, that was when life got harder and regret set in and I wished I could sleep – but, those days, being asleep wasn’t much better. Nightmares plagued me, to a goddamn deafening effect; it was driving me a bit mad, actually.
Reality felt weighted against me.
And, over the last few weeks, it had become harder and harder to tell the difference between dream and reality.
I picked up my cell phone and unplugged the charger and checked the time – only to find (34) missed iMessages from an unknown number.
The conversation opened on my phone but, at first, I didn’t understand what I was looking at – familiar yet distant; the images were something I felt like I should recognize…then, I recognized them. Like a flip-book, I scrolled backwards through the text messages and watched 34 photos play in reverse. Pictures taken through my thin bedroom curtain, rewinding my previous actions – unplugging the charger, picking up my phone, turning down the television (which was playing Predator), sitting up, rolling over, waking up—
I hopped out of bed and pulled back the bedroom curtain—and saw only a reflection of the television. So I turned, grabbed the remote, powered off the television—and there was someone standing in shadow, just outside my bedroom window, watching me.
—behind me, a knock at the door.
The cottage was really just one large room, with a small stove and counter, and two doors: one to the bathroom, and one leading outside.
The knock had come from inside the bathroom.
When I fell asleep, the small cottage had been empty – of that I was certain. This was my hideaway, a small place to tuck away and stay away. A place where no one could find me.
I closed the curtains and turned on the light and stepped toward the closet and grabbed the bottle of whiskey off the top shelf and took a swig…and then another, much longer swig…then, I was ready. I grabbed a butcher knife off the kitchen counter and crossed the room and opened the bathroom door—nothing. No one. But, the bathroom window was ajar – something I wouldn’t have done. I never left the windows open at night. And, it was easily the size of a person—
beep beep beep beep.
My phone chirped repeatedly.
I had received another stream of messages from an unknown number.
I opened the conversation and, again, it was all pictures. Scrolling through, they played a story backwards, image by image: I was staring out the window, turned, powered off the television, grabbed the remote, turned, and pulled back the bedroom curtain.
Unlike before, there was also a text message:
Come outside and face me.
I walked over and put my hands on the kitchen counter, the knife in my right and the phone in my left. I wasn’t scared, not exactly; I was confused, disoriented. So, I took a moment to think instead of act, or quiver, or panic. I thought, Why am I in a cabin? I thought, When did I get here? I thought, “How long have I been here?
And then, as I went to check my phone for the date and time, I realized the answer. I understood the situation. I saw the X on the back of my hand and it all came back, washing over me as if lukewarm rain soaking through my clothes.
A FLASH
In reality, I was in the woods…but it was daylight. The sun was setting behind trees lining a glistening, rippling river.
And that’s when I realized, I was going to die in the woods, alone. That’s what they wanted. Drugged, hypnotized, marched out into the middle of nowhere (a bluetooth, a bluetooth, I could feel it in my ear), and incapacitated, and then put under such mental stress that I would die, from the elements, or cardiac arrest, or starvation, however. There would be no evidence. There wouldn’t even be a crime.
Fuck, that’s genius.
—and then I was back in the cabin.
“It all ends now,” I said aloud and knew, in my heart, that Coranda could hear me.
She was the only one left, the only one still in my head.
I set down the knife and reached over the counter. There was a drying rack near—but the wood counter rose up a foot, and the metal racks melted, blending together with the brown wood…and, out of it, there formed an old record player, complete with a shining, spinning vinyl.
I dropped the needle and so began the music.
music cue
It was the first time I had consciously picked the song I would hear and, as before, it felt like the music played inside my own head, from speakers buried deep inside my eardrums as opposed to playing in the world around me.
I left the phone and knife on the counter and crossed the room to the only door out. A dark forest waited for me on the other side of the door, and on all sides of the cottage, and there was nothing but the worst things I could imagine in those woods - and not much else. There was no way through the forest, no way out, no exit.
The only way out is through.
This was a realization I came to often, when confronted with the worst things imaginable. It was the point in dire situations where I accepted that I wouldn’t survive without a fight.
I rotated my shoulders, stretched them back - my spine and shoulder blades cracked; then I let my head hang forward and rolled it from side to side until my neck cracked; and I weaved together my fingers, pushed out, and let the joints crack. It was extremely satisfying even though I knew it wasn’t real, that I wasn’t actually stretching; but it was routine, and it still caused the effect I wanted, the same effect as always - I was ready, mentally.
I opened the door and walked out into the dark, midnight forest.
Branches creaked under pressure from the wind. Stilted air, gushing between the trees and warm like a sickly breath. Twigs snapped under pressure as unseen creatures moved in the black. And it couldn’t have pissed me off more.
My body took up a small flame. Such a peculiar statement but it did, a royal blue flicker inside my chest. It beat against the dry breeze and grew with the oxygen around me. First, my chest took up an oceanic, wavy blue light from the solar plexus that spread to my shoulders like a dam overrun, crossing the fabric of my skin with a glow, a growing fluorescence.
It wasn’t that I became the flame; the flame became me, like a shield that swallowed my body whole. I felt stronger, more able, and downright filled with rage.
(There’s a bluetooth in my ear.)
In the blue light ahead of me, a good fifteen feet away, I could see the narrow, focused eyes of a grizzly as it barrel towards me.
I guess I’m gonna fistfight a bear, I accepted, lifting my fists.
The sprinting grizzly reached me within an instant and I swung my fist into it so hard that the head blew into mist, and the giant dropped, sliding several feet against the brush and dirt. It’s body hit me but deflected, knocked back as if hitting a metal girder protruding from the ground.
“Help…help me…” cried a female voice from the blackness to my right.
Turned, the blue light grew, and lit up the surrounding area, and I could her. Kay was near, her eyes bleeding, her mouth dripping with a viscous black goo. She has a gaping wound so large that I could see her ribs, where a part of her intestines were hanging limp.
The blue light dimmed when I saw her—and then exploded to such tremendous heights, all around like a solar flame - whipping and flashing in hints of blue coupled with blasts of white - that the cabin exploding, and Kay turned to ash.
I was screaming as it happened, something I only realized when it was over. And that’s when I could hear a baby crying inside the burning rubble behind me. The orange flames mixed with the blue as I crossed the remnants of the cabin. I didn’t have to reach down, or bend, or touch the smoldering wood to move large swathes of it out of my way. After lifting one large section, I found the source of crying - it was a baby in a pool of blood. It was me, I knew. It was me a couple decades ago, when the police found little ole in the middle of day, just sitting alone, covered in someone else’s blood, on a Philadelphia dock. Or at least that’s how I always imagined it even though, in reality, I hadn’t been a baby. I was about four or five, an estimation based on height and weight since no knew my birthday.
It was a past I didn’t often speak of, or even think about.
I shook my head and turned away from baby me and yelled into the black sky, “Enough tricks! Come out and face me!”
“Okay, Mr. Cunning,” hissed a voice from the remaining woods around me. A large diameter has been destroyed, shredded, twisted and pulled up and pushed away by the giant blue explosion. Some of the woods burned from the cabin, and in the shadows moved a large, slithering mass.
The pulsating clouds stopped moving as the sky buffered. Part of the orange flames flickered with static. The world around me was glitching. Everything felt unstable.
(And there’s still a goddamn bluetooth in my ear!)
“Here I am…” She rose up out of the forest and took up a large portion of the sky. Her face pointed like a snake, and her skin a blotchy green, and her eyes were red—
“Pfft hahaha!” I laughed.
“What?!” the large creature spat in Coranda’s voice, with a deeper growl.
“So…you’re like a giant snake? Some kind of evil dragon?” I asked, still amused.
The Coranda snake-dragon-monster-thing shook her face, taken aback by my lack of fear
“This is the big climax? If anything, this is the silliest way to go.”
“How dare you?!” snarled the snake-dragon, sounding a bit wounded.
The world continued to glitch. Everything became pixelated when scrutinized; and not even advanced, PS1 pixelation - this was pure Nintendo graphics. Rigid blocks. 32-bit. And I was Little Mac, staring up at Mike Tyson from my side of the ring.
The Coranda-snake-dragon-monster-thing curled its lip to reveal a forked tongue.
(And there was STILL a fucking bluetooth in my ear!)
“I’m going to devour your soul,” Coranda howled and rushed toward me in a fury.
“Come at me, bitch,” I muttered and planted myself in place.
The beast moved through me like water through cotton. My blue flame grew brighter and diluted with red as the pointed head split in two as if run through a buzzsaw. The texture of the creature was on either side of me as the Coranda-snake-dragon split vertically and further turned my blue light red and I shook so hard I could feel the bluetooth drop from my ear—
And then I woke, for real this time.
I knew it was real because of the world around me. The river was audibly flowing, and the sun glinted off the ripples. I was covered in dirt and leaves and brush and…and…
…and the last thing I could remember was setting my pet rock on a side-table in room #3 of The Cove Inn; then I had thrown my pillow on the chair before heading back out to the car for the rest of my stuff. But I noticed a path leading into the forest, toward the river, and decided to take a brief walk. The short trail led to a much wider hiking trail behind The Cove Inn and I turned to head back in the direction of the B&B—when smack! A jogger clipped my shoulder. There had been a prick that hurt, one I thought came from the shove…but the jogger had something in their hand, something like a needle.
I sat up and the dirt poured off me and I found that I was still near the trail, just drug off to the side and hidden close to the river embankment.
According to my phone, not even an hour had passed.
And there was a bluetooth in the dirt beside me.
Cue absolute silence
9
I started with The Cove Inn. It was a pristine (recently painted white), three-story white Victorian with three blue stairs leading up to a quaint porch. There was a young blonde woman seated on a large chair, her legs scrunched up and curled in an afghan; ear plugs in both ears, a steaming mug in one hand held up to her chest and a book resting against her knees in the other. I recognized her: she had been tidying my room when I first arrived, and I had interrupted her dancing to music.
I could tell she noticed me approach, probably watching me out of the corner of her eye ever since I came from the trail behind the B&B - she was young, and shy, and pretending to be overly enrapt in her book.
“Ma’am, may I ask you a question?”
The young blonde woman looked up immediately and tugged her earbuds out, which caused her book to drop to the floor. Embarrassed, she quickly bent to pick it up and spilled a small amount of the mug on her afghan.
“Yea—yes?” she responded, setting down the mug to pick up the book.
I smiled, as it was such a shy, youthful scramble - anxiety-filled interaction with a stranger, one of those embarrassing thoughts before bed where you regret what you did and imagine the possibilities of what you could have done, had you just been more confident.
The young, blonde woman shifted the afghan and got comfy under it again and looked up at me, squinting against the setting sun. Since I hadn’t asked a question, she just sort of stared, confused. But, I no longer really had a question.
“Um…do you live around here?—no, wait, don’t answer that. That’s really creepy,” I said in a sort of stream-of-consciousness. I asked the first question that came to mind, which was to develop an understanding of the person I was questioning - but I understood this woman wasn’t involved whatever had just happened, that she hadn’t committed a crime, that even knew a crime had just been committed. Instead, I was a stranger asking a young woman the details of her address.
I apologized and excused myself and she watched with wide-eyed befuddlement as I went inside the B&B.
No one was at the front desk so I ran up to the room and grabbed my pet rock and pillow; then, in the lobby once more—
An older woman with gray hair and a small frame sat behind the front desk and she greeted me, smiling, “Everything alright, Mr. Cunning?”
I didn’t startle, as I had noticed her. All of my senses were on high alert. In fact, I walked over to her. “May I ask you a few questioned?” I asked, approaching the front desk to lean comfortably against the counter in a friendly, non-imposing way.
“Absolutely,” she replied, smiling.
“That girl out there, her name isn’t Crystal, is it?”
Gretchen shook her.
“That’s my grand-niece, Sophie. She likes to hang about, read, tidy up the rooms.”
“And you’ve probably never heard of anyone named Coranda, right?”
Gretchen thought a moment and shook her head again.
“Afraid I can’t say I do.”
“Figured. ‘Cause Coranda ain’t a real name. No one’s named that.” I wasn’t much surprised. “And the trail behind here, how far’s that go?”
“Oh miles and miles, my dear.”
I nodded with an expression that Gretchen was obviously having trouble reading: mine was a mix of disappointment, annoyance, and composure.
“Darn,” I told her, aware that she might blame herself for whatever issue I was having. “I would’ve loved to have seen it but my work just called and I have to head back tonight. I’m sorry for any inconvenience.”
Gretchen’s smile shrink a hint but she remained pleasant.
 “I’m sorry to hear that,” she said, and though her smile shrank a little, Gretchen remained pleasant.
“I do hope you’ll stay if you ever pass by again,” she called after me as I left.

“Well, the journal I sent you’s been in our archive for…decades and decades,” the craggly gentleman told me. He had agreed to stay behind and talk to me after the close of work but I showed up about an hour late (due to briefly being drugged, kidnapped, and tortured) and it had obviously pissed him off. His name was Mr. Ranklecoats, which was apt name: it reminded someone of an annoyed, fidgety man with a bald head - exactly as this man appeared to be.
“So then why’d to me?” I asked.
“Someone was here the other day, a woman. She recommended I do it, for authenticity. And she suggested it might drive business—”
“Do you have a log of people who’ve signed the journal out?” And, before he could answer, “May I see it?”
We were standing inside the lobby of the small town hall and I could tell by his expression that this was an issue - but I quickly reached into my pocket and pulled out all of my cash and handed it to him.
“This will literally take you five minutes and then I promise, I’ll be out of your hair—um, away…I’ll go away.” (He was bald and I didn’t especially like referencing hair.)
He didn’t seem any less annoyed but he obliged, pulling out a large ring of keys.
As Mr. Ranklecoats walked me to the archives, I asked for him to describe the woman.
“She had asked to see the journal and she read it quietly in a corner of the building—”
“Are there cameras in the building?” I quickly interrupted.
He laughed, and I took that as a pretty definitive “no”.
The building was small and pretty much just a hallway lined with old doors and a front lobby so I wasn’t exactly surprised but, these days, almost everything was recorded.
“What did she look like?” I asked, encouraging him to continue speaking about her.
“Uh, honestly, I didn’t get a good look. She had, like, a hood on, and her glasses were dark, even inside. But nice body.”
“How tall? Approximate age?”
“Oh, gosh, about my height—”
“5’9?”
“About. And younger, about your age - maybe a little older. Brown hair. Why, is she…is she involved in a crime?”
“I’m not sure,” I answered honestly.
Inside the archives, the requests for archival documents was written on a piece of paper in a binder by whomever was working and then signed out by the requesting party. There was no further documentation, and no one was allowed to leave with materials.
“You don’t xerox licenses or anything? Aren’t you afraid someone might steal something?” I wondered.
Mr. Ranklecoats looked at me as if I were an alien.
“Son, I don’t know what you think we got in these archives but no one usually comes here but the town government, and they sure as shit ain’t stealing nothing from here.”
The man opened the binder and pointed at the only name written in red ink.
“That’s her,” he said.
I read the name:
A Presto
I read the name aloud; then repeated it, and repeated it again. It didn’t sound familiar by any right.
Mr. Ranklecoat chuckled.
“What?” I asked, curious.
“Sounds like you’re saying, ‘A presto.’’” I didn’t understand so he explained. “‘A presto’ is Italian for ‘See you soon.’”
My head dipped and I muttered.
“Fuck.”

I drove home trying to remember the dream but it only stuck in brief, peculiar images. A bathroom filled with green sludge and bugs. An image that reminded me of a Nintendo game, except it was me fighting a final bad guy in a forest. Crystal - or the young blonde I thought was Crystal - naked in the B&B room. The walls of a Russian gulag. But the pieces holding the images together were fading and I knew that, soon, I might not remember any details at all.
But…there was something else.
When I woke in the forest, and every second since, something felt different - in a way that was hard to define. It felt like someone had gone into my brain and opened the settings and changed a few things; like, my circuitry had been gently, and slightly, modified. I was a completely new person, just more refined. Some of the dust had been blown off. My thinking was clear (as it usually was) but I was able to make decisions more easily, to know with more certainty.
It was bizarre, sure, but I wrote it off as a side-effect of my mind having been put through the ringer and possibly a physical after-effect of whatever drug I had been injected with. Before meeting Mr. Ranklecoats at the town hall, I had stopped at a drugstore to buy small, airtight container which, right after leaving, I bled into so that I could preserve a fresh blood sample to test when I got back, maybe locate the drug used and where someone might have bought it. But I didn’t believe it would be useful.
Whoever did this to me had known exactly what they were doing. They had lured me someone small and quiet to do whatever the fuck they had done to me. They didn’t leave footprints in the trail so I couldn’t gauge their size. They let me keep the bluetooth, which was preserved in a tissue in my breast pocket, but the link between the bluetooth and whichever phone it had been paired with would doubtfully prove fruitful.
It wasn’t so much the fact that this was incredibly well thought out, or that it felt like I had been tortured within an inch of my life (even if I couldn’t remember how), that truly bothered me; what disturbed me most was that I didn’t know what they had done really, or why.

I got home late and had little inclination to sleep so I worked through the night, putting my blood sample in a vial and adding a second, more professional acquired sample to a second vial in case the first proved compromised or inconclusive; then I downloaded whatever information I could off the bluetooth - which proved entirely useless.
In the early hours of dawn, as soon as the lab opened, I hand over the vials for testing and waited. About an hour later, again, the last bit of evidence I had proved entirely useless. No traces of anything right-off, though they could send it to another lab and run further testing that would cost an arm and a leg, and I would get the results back in a six-to-twelve weeks, but I declined. Whatever had been used was either gone or, even if I could figure out what it was, would prove to be impossible to track down.
As I had no proof, no physical signs of torture, no further evidence, and whoever had done this was long gone, there wasn’t much left to go on.
So, as I do when any case is over, I went home to cook.
Melted chocolate a butter, vanilla extract and smidgen of hazelnut extract. Sifted flour and sugar (white and brown) and baking powder and a pinch of salt. Mixed together with chocolate chips and poured into a glass pan and baked.
I wrapped up a bunch of the brownies in tinfoil and stopped at a Walmart to buy some DVDs and a DVD player; and then I headed over to visit Kay. She would be excited to see me, and I would left her eat brownies while we watched her favorite DVDs on a new DVD player…and I stroll through the lobby, down the hall, and into her room - only to find the bed empty.
Feet, running down the hallway, followed close behind me - and I turned, ready to hurt whatever was chasing me. But it was a nurse, one I was familiar with. Her face was anxious but, as she reached me, her eyes filled with a deep sadness.
As she relayed the news to me, I dropped the brownies, and the DVDs, and the player…

Three months would pass before I could return to the cemetery and visit Kay’s gravestone. The day was overcast and the air had a tender chill from the encroaching fall. I set my pillow down, and put my pet rock on top of it, and then I stood there with a pint of whiskey, sipping at it as I stared at the headstone.
It was hard to talk because I couldn’t find the words, not at first; but there was one thing I felt I needed to say.
“I….uh, I’m sorry. I’m sorry that I wasn’t there to stop you.” I shook my head in disapproval, in disbelief, in grief. “Why? I’m sorry because I don’t understand why. I don’t understand. I don’t, I just don’t get it. And I’m sorry it took me so long to come.” I paused, breathing deeper to prevent myself from tearing up - but it didn’t help. “I have this anger in me now,” I said, nodding to myself that this was true even if I hadn’t let myself acknowledge it until then. “And without you, I’m untethered. I’m not—I’m not…” and I shrugged, unable to finish the sentence.
I’m not normal?
I swig heavily from the bottle.
I’m not human?
“I’m sorry,” I tell her one last time, and then I nod as the tears roll down my chin.
music cue


THE MISTERS J
Mr. Jerkenhoff
At 7:15 a.m., right on the dot, he walks into his office with a small stack of mail in his hand, and…only makes it a few steps before he notices me in his desk chair.
“Wh—get the fuck outta my chair!” he scolds, surprised.
He’s stopped and glaring, probably trying to decide his next move.
“Calm down…Mr. Jerkenhoff,” I say with a smirk.
It’s a stupid, unoriginal name; they all were.
The glare quickly changes to confusion, then returns…but he starts moving again, closer.
“Get the fuck out of my chair,” he tells me, lower. He’s purposely keeping his voice down.
“Have a seat,” I gently nudge but, when he doesn’t, continue with a bit more information, to persuade. “Listen, you’re going to sit down. And once you sit down, I’m going to tell you a story. And after you hear my story, you’re gonna do what I say. And that’s it. If anyone comes through that door before we’re done,” I nod toward the only office door, surrounded on either side by glass overlooking the cubicles on the other side, “or if I see any-fucking-thing I don’t like, then I’ll leave. And if I leave before I’m finished…well, I’d venture to say that’s the worst possible scenario. And the world will know everything you’ve done.”
He doesn’t move, staring into my face like a poker player determining the odds of my hand. My expression isn’t blank, more playful, just the hint of a smile in the corners of my mouth. I’d prefer him to listen to me but, if he doesn’t, no skin off my ass. I’ll leave; and he’ll face that future.
I clear a spot and set a small, blue glass vial full of liquid on the large, paper desk calendar.
This strikes his curiosity and he asks what’s in it.
I tell him he’ll learn soon enough, and he should sit; finally, hesitantly, he does.
I scoot back in the desk chair, slouch a bit, and put my feet right on his desk, just beside the blue vial of liquid. I stop staring at him and look to the ceiling, letting myself get lost in thought a moment as if he’s dictating a letter and I’m contemplating what to include. It is nice to see him sitting in front of his own desk instead of behind it.
“My name’s Stephen Prince,” I say, introducing myself with the name I’ve been using lately. “And I…I’m sort of like a journalist. Not political, or ecological - more, uh, more like a detective, I guess. For a lack of a better word. People contact me—”
He tries to say something but I interrupt, shushing him with a finger to my lips.
“No questions until later.”
He quiets, glaring angrily.
“Now…shit, I forget what I was saying.”
“Detective,” he says, and I shush him again, then throw in a quick “thanks” for reminding me.
“I’ve never seen a ghost,” I go on, resuming my train-of-thought. I pull out some Twizzlers I bought at a gas station on my way there, rip open the plastic and start chewing on one while I’m talking. “Any time someone contacts me, they usually think there’s a ghost or monster or alien or something - but there never is.” I pause a moment. “It’s interesting to me that people never just think it’s people. Why are we so prone to believing in something paranormal to explain the most abnormal of us?”
I had also smoked some weed on the way to the office building, which kept it hard to really focus. The same gas station attendant who rang up the Twizzlers talked me into buying some. I’m not one to use drugs very often but it had been a long night and all this was a victory lap; I’d already won.
I stare at the Twizzler, again lost in thought:
“How come Twizzlers got it so right with the real, red Twizzler but everything else they make tastes awful, like it was designed to make you mad? Even the smaller Twizzlers tastes weird - shouldn’t they taste exactly the same, just smaller? What about size necessitated a change in recipe? No one ever asked Twizzler to make different, bad-tasting Twizzlers. It’s like someone at the Twizzler factory one day was like, ‘Wait till people try this one, it’s really gonna piss ‘em off.’”
I’m off track and quickly recover, looking at him. He’s silent, a bit open-mouthed.
“D.J. Ef Em, you ever hear of her.” He shakes his head. “She’s a D.J. about forty miles east.”
The look in his eyes dims a little, obviously bored. It’s a look I’m unaccustomed to, as usually when people see me they’re either terrified or placated. No one’s ever bored.
Fucker won’t be bored much longer.
“Well, D.J. Ef Em contacted me on skype a while back because people were disappearing from the area,” I tell him and stand. I walk over to the blinds at the office windows overlooking the cubicles. “So I tell her I’ll look into it,” I say and nod to someone passing the office; he gives me a quick, confused nod. “So I look into it and find that she’s right. People seem to be missing. Not even just the area but the surrounding areas, too - people were missing at a higher rate than the state average.”
I close the curtains.

“Light a match. If it burns out entirely, your lover will be true; if the flame goes out before the match is all burned he is faithless,” she tells me, for serious. “And if a girl blows on the back of a guy’s neck, he will fall in love with her.”
That second one sounds a little true, actually.
I nod.
She recognizes my disbelief, even as I keep it low-key, and so she gets closer to her laptop camera and focuses her tone. “Not—not all of them are true but the cock crowed last night, not dawn. In the middle of the night - the harbinger of death.” The camera is fuzzy and she’s wearing a red blanket like a hood. The bedroom behind her is small and comfortable, with burning candles and hanging, kaleidoscopic tapestries. I can hardly make out her features, something that might have normally worried me - but I wasn’t worried. It was just an online video conference.
Plus, I had done my research on her prior to the call - research that was mostly limited to a single, hastily put together D.J. page and some social media. She had deleted the accounts from her time as a man so the only public pages were recent, after embracing her gender - but I found and read both the public and the deleted sides of her life. It was fascinating to watch an overwhelming duality in one person, and their transition from the deleted to the public - and then, once free and clear, the quashing of the depressed, uncomfortable personality so that the other could live happy; it’s partly why I agreed to talk to her. She was a type of person I hadn’t met before.
Plus, she was asking for help.
“Why don’t you explain to me what you think is happening to your friends?” I finally ask, interrupting the string of Nebraska folklore.
“The Salt Witch of the Nebraska plains. I think she’s taking them.”
“Of course,” I agree, sarcastically, after a pause.
D.J. Ef Em had given me enough to work with before the conversation. People were missing - she was right about that. Her friends, sure, but others as well, not just from her area but in the surrounding areas, too. People had begun to disappear at an average much higher than the national level, and higher than the state of Nebraska had witnessed since the census had begun…but no one had noticed, because no one knew quite where to look, or even what they were looking for, exactly.

“So once I found a likely M.O., I went to work searching. And you know what that M.O. is, don’t you?” I ask him, returning to his chair after closing the office blinds. I put my feet up and chew on some Twizzlers. “Hell, I fit the M.O. Sort of, a bit too old but close. White man, late-teens or young twenties - and that’s it. Not especially exclusionary, so it’d be hard to pinpoint otherwise. Smart. And, in most cases, they were people who could go missing. But I found you, didn’t I?”
I geared up to broadcast just how smart I was: I described how I filtered missing persons and runaways in a 600mi diameter to fit the M.O.; then I zeroed in on a likely radius centered in Omaha, Nebraska; and then I watched internet traffic.
“Even I was looking at it wrong. At first. At first, I thought, ‘Must be a serial killer, right?’ Because a serial killer works alone, has an M.O., sticks to the same area. ‘Someone could be grabbing strays.’ But that wasn’t it, was it? Not all of it.” I breathe in deep; then exhale. “I had no idea what I was up against.”
I don’t tell him how I found him, not yet; instead, I tell him about…
Mr. Jackhammer
“Do you work around here?” he asks, mixing drinks on the white faux-marble kitchen counter, his back to me. He hadn’t asked what I wanted to drink; in fact, he’d been extremely controlling since the moment we met.
“No, just passing through,” I lie again.
“Right, right.” he nods, remembering.
I watch his movements, trying to figure out if he’s drugging the drink. He might not drug the first one, I consider…but then there’s an even so gentle shake of his right hand - a short, peculiar motion - and when the ice doesn’t clink against the glass, I just know.
Then, the cubes do clank-clank-clank as he stirs them with a straw before twisting around, a highball glass in each hand. His dark, piercing eyes look me over as if taking inventory. He sets one glass in front of me but holds on to his own as he sits. His eyes narrow, looking me square in the face as he slinks into the black chair. His drink rests on the table and his fingertips rub absent-mindedly across the condensation on the glass. He thinks a moment and asks, with a sly, charismatic smile, “So where’re you headed then?”
I say the first thing that comes to mind.
“Malibu.”
Nothing I’d said had been true but, considering he just drugged my drink, I feel the dishonesty is justified.
“What about you?” I ask, sipping the drink. I can’t taste the poison but it’s still not especially good.
“Besides making amazing Tim Collins?” he replies, keeping the conversation light without really saying anything.
“You mean Tom Collins,” I correct him. He’s talking about the drink he’s just made, a Tom Collins: dry gin, sugar syrup, and lemon juice topped off with seltzer. It’s an old man drink but the ingredients are a perfect, lemony mask for the taste of phenobarbital, so kudos to him.
He watches without interruption, secretly thankful for each sip I take—but there it is, a flicker in his eyes. I see it when I correct him about the name of the drink - a glint of annoyance, a simmering anger. So, I shoot a timid smile and take another sip. It’s gross but he needs to feel comfortable.
”Where’d you grow up?” he asks.
He’s fishing for history.
“Nowhere around here, that’s for sure,” I chuckle, following it with another gulp. “No family, no one, nothing anywhere nearby.” I may be laying it on a bit too thick. But, with a quick check of his expression, it’s obvious he’s buying every word - like a kid in a toy shop, wide-eyed and eager to play with everything.
“I don’t even think my landlord knows I left yet,” I add, pretending to be desperately alone in the world - only to realize that a bit of truth just leaked out. I am alone. I don’t have anyone waiting for me. My landlord really doesn’t know I left - and he wouldn’t check for another nine months, as I’d paid a year in advance.
Shit. That…kinda sucks.
I go silent and his eyes watch me get lost in thought - but I catch myself and stop thinking. Since when does that happen? I wonder; I’m not introspective, not at all. I’m a monster and I don’t—Oh shit, I forget - it’s poison. It’s the poison. That was quick. Quick poison.
I look up at the ceiling - a sign of not knowing - and then I give a naïve smile and take another sip.
He looks relaxed.
I should probably slow down on the poison, I decide.
Time gets wobbly. We say more but I’m not able to retain it, memories slipping. Minutes pass where I can’t tell if I’m conscious. Blips, images, snippets of noise.
Fuck, I drank too much poison…
The combination kitchen/dining room gets dark.
He used too much - I didn’t gauge it right—or he used something else, not phenobarbital.
“Excuse me,” I tell him and scurry to the hallway bathroom and close the door behind me.
“Are you okay?” the man calls after me, with a distinct giggle.
I don’t answer.
You’re about to die, I worry and make myself puke in the toilet.
Breathe, breathe, breathe…
I drink water from the sink and then remove the hypodermic needle from my pocket, remove the plastic sheath from the tip, pull up my sleeve, and shoot a second dose into my arm. I set an alarm on my phone: 40 minutes. And then I take long hard look at my face in the mirror, into my own eyes…and I don’t think about anything. I don’t say something cool to steady myself or sound like a badass. I just look into my own dilated eyes, not thinking. I stare at the person responsible for this situation - and I’m not mad, or mournful, or excited. I’m a monster; this is just another situation on my list of infinite sins.
I do give myself a small nod before turning off the light, though.
When I return to the combination kitchen/dining room, he has a smile like the Cheshire cat.
“You okay?”
I hear his voice in fading tones.
“Yeah,” I chuckle, sitting—but I miss the chair, knock the drink off the table, and fall alongside it to the floor.
Darkness.

music cue
The song wakes me to the taste of blood and sticky grime, probably cum.
“Fuuuuck,” I groan, rolling—but I’m stuck in place.
My lip is bloody and I spit blood and leftover goo out of my sore mouth before trying to see where I am. There’s shit in my eyes so it hurts to open them.
The song plays from the phone in my pant’s pocket, on the other side of the small room. It’s the 40 minute alarm, set as a sound cue to help wake me. There had been a chance my phone wouldn’t even be near me while I was unconscious, so it had been more of a back-up than anything; and, as it turns out, the phone isn’t near me. It’s on the other side of the small, prison cell-sized room, where one wall is covered in shiny, silver clothes hooks and, hung up on a few of them, are all of my clothes - even my socks and underwear. It’s eerie to see an entire 8x8 foot wall covered in tiny, glistening hooks - bizarrely clinical.
My shoes are the only item on the ground.
The small room is lit by a single, glaring beam overhead, like staring up into the lights during surgery. There’s plastic shelving near the only way out, and a light switch, and the ground has a taut black plastic taped to the edges of the base boards. Everything is absurdly clean and blank except the mattress below me, which is blanket-less and stained in drying blood, sticky sweat, and hardened clumps of semen.
There’s an open doorway with a metal bar through the top of the threshold and clothes on hangers swept to either side; beyond that is the master bedroom, which is empty for the moment. I’m…in some small, secret area…behind his bedroom closet, I slowly deduce as my brain chug-chugs to a start like a car engine turning over after years in storage.
It’s still dark outside, I can see, and peg it near midnight.
Only 7 hours left…
My blood feels on fire as the ephedrine pumps faster through the beats of my heart, practically on the verge of exploding.
That second dose was borderline suicidal but, hey - what’re gonna do?
It’s a drunken thought, hazy and baseless and quizzical without consequence.
A sudden pain rips into my skull like a buzz saw smashed it, probably a side-effect of the physical abuse AND the drugs he gave me (somewhere around 1.6g of phenobarbital, borderline fatal) AND the drugs I took to block and counteract the drugs he gave me. There’s always a bit of guesswork with this kind of stuff but, in the end, it might not be as fun without the occasional surprise.
The pain in my skull is near blinding and I puke to the side, the vomit a thick mixture of bread (I ate an entire loaf earlier) soaked in shitty, poisoned Tom Collins - but I’m forced to ignore the blood, cum, and chunky brown puke for a moment.
I hear him talking nearby but can’t tell what he’s saying, though I don’t hear a second voice and assume he’s on the phone.
My ankles are zip-tied together but not chained to the wall, I point my toes out, keeping my feet tight together, and twist to stretch, to reach out. The floor is a sea of slick, bleached plastic and my legs catch friction against the plastic as my toes hook under the tongue of my nearby shoe and I drag it closer; from there, I curl myself into a backward C and it doesn’t take long to get the shoe up to my bound hands. With my wrists gently upturned (so the shiny chains don’t jistle-jostle) and better able to maneuver, I wiggle to reach into the shoe - and remove a piece of black electrical tape under the tongue.
The voice gets louder; he’s coming back.
I kick the shoe back to its place and it rolls over the other shoe.
A silhouette walks into the bedroom just outside the cell room, looking around, searching…one step, two steps into the closet, then into the cell room, into the light…
He’s wearing a loose, cerulean blue moo moo and nothing underneath - something I know because there’s a large hole cut out around his dick, with fresh blood in small but obvious splatters around his lap (presumably mine). Around his face is a white-with-light-blue surgeon’s mask, and a crimson hair-net over his head. Only his eyes are visible. They’re searching for something…
The song growls angrily from the pant’s pocket hanging on the wall and he reaches in and pulls out my phone. There’s a moment where he checks the display, looks over to me, then back at the phone…and then he hits stop.
There’s a moment where I debate whether or not to pretend like I’m semi-conscious, maybe groan and mumble/ask what’s happening - but, ultimately, I feel it might be counterproductive. I just want to hear what he has to say when he thinks it’s over, he’s won. It’s more curiosity. I keep my eyes shut and remain unmoving, pretending to be unconscious.
He notices something and bends down to the shoes, where one is straight and the other is lying on its side. He carefully straightens the second shoe so that they’re both perfectly side-by-side—and then he tilts his head down and to the side, so he can see me in his peripheral.
He turns while still bent at the knees and, slowly, crawls toward me. Sniff. Sniff He starts at my armpits, sniffing me like a bloodhound. My chest. My naked crotch and thighs. He puts a hand in my hair and grabs, not tight enough to hurt but forceful, and his face inches closer to mine (he doesn’t see the electrical tape cupped in my right hand) and sniff…sniff…sniff. There’s a pause where he just looks at my face. And then he licks the blood off my face, from my lip all the way down my cheek. He leans back to look me over again, squeezes my pectoral muscles…grunts in satisfaction, and I can tell he’s getting himself worked up all over again.
Who let the dogs out?—woof…woof, woof-woof. It’s a ringtone.
“Ugh,” he groans and backs away, standing.
I crack open my eyes ever so slightly to watch him reach into a pocket on the front of the moo moo and remove his phone - which he unlocks using his thumb print - and leaves the cell room once more.
“What?” he answers.
He lingers in the bedroom a moment, fiddling with the stereo beside the bed.
music cue
It’s not loud enough to bother his call, just noise in the background.
He leaves the bedroom.
In my hand, stuck to the underside of the electrical tape, is a small razor with a one inch pin-head on the top edge. (I never know if it’ll be a zip-tie or handcuffs, and Lord help me if it’s something else entirely.) There’s several other objects sewn into my pants and shirt, as I had hoped to be fully clothed when I awoke, but c’est la vie.
I saw halfway through the center of the zip-tie, then twist and bring my upturned wrists down hard toward my chest and the tension breaks the zip-tie entirely. My hands now free, I cut the zip-tie off my feet and stand, naked as the day I was born.
I walk on the balls of my feet, careful not to make any noise, but I’m not crouched or hiding when I come pass through the closet and into the bedroom. I can hear him talking in the hallway and stand wait an extra moment beside the door to listen in.
“Forty-five minutes is good, gives me some extra time,” I hear him say, his voice growing louder.
His footsteps are heavy and they’re coming down the hallway, straight for the master bedroom. I back away from the doorway a few steps, hanging out in front of the door to the master bedroom’s small bathroom, leaning my arm against a tall dresser beside me to rest. He enters the bedroom and passes without noticing me, ducking his head low to enter the small, hidden room on the other side of the closet; I follow.

I change the radio station and begin cleaning.
music cue
The house is sterile, all lights and darks. Deep mahogany. Black and white stills splayed across the hallways. Glistening metallic chair frames with black cushion. What. a. douche. Cold and distant, even with family photos so evenly scattered that no wide glance is without their reminder. Husband, balding. Wife, long-haired brunette. One kid, toddler.
I shake my head and grab a brillo pad from under the kitchen sink, but I don’t use it; not yet. I’m still naked, no pockets, so I just hold on to it. There’s enough ammonia in the basement to suffice. Powdered bleach, too. I bring them all back to the master bedroom.
Whoever decorated this house believes that stark contrast is beautiful by default, no matter the concept - same kinda person who thinks every picture through a fisheye lens is artistic.
From black-and-white stills to the wide canvas of angel white against gasping, yawning, dripping blacks just waiting at the top of the stairs, and a black wood frame of knick-knacks nailed into the egg-shell white wall beside it, the whole thing was without…cohesion. Forced. Shallow. This is a secretive person pretending expression, a lonely person unwilling to share. It reminds me of a dream I once had, where I ate at an infinite feast but never felt full; when I woke, the pit of my stomach felt hollow. This house reminds me of that hollowness in the pit of my stomach.
And the master bedroom, ugh. It’s so plain and overly-trying that I can feel it desperately screaming “MURDERER!” I have no idea how an entire family could live here. The owner of this house is someone who obviously doesn’t want you to know them.
I start the hot water in the master bedroom’s bathroom and set everything down on the sink, then come back out and search the clothes swept to either side of the closet. There’s pants that’ll fit, about 34’ 34’, as well as a plain white tee-shirt and shoes a few sizes too small (might explain something) and I set it all out on the bed.
I grab the brillo pad and hop into the shower. The water feels so good running over my aching body. I don’t have much time but I enjoy thirty seconds; then, I use the brillo pad to scrub the blood, dirt, and excess skin cells off my body.
After that, I dress in a dead man’s clothes, stretch two oversized, yellow plastic gloves over my hands, and toss powdered bleach all over the shower, the bathroom, the bedroom. After that I pour the ammonia into a spray bottle and spritz the bedroom, the hallway, the stairwell, and anywhere else I’ve walked since I got there. I remove the wadded-up hypodermic needle from the bathroom trashcan (there’s still two doses left) and then spritz the entire toilet area.
Glass lay shattered on the combination kitchen/dining area floor, half the fizzy drink mixed with the water of melted ice cubes and broken glass across hardwood painted black. I pick up the chair beside the table and set it upright because I’m anal retentive, no reason otherwise. I wipe and spray the countless things I’d touched - the chair, the table, the glass, the door handle in the bathroom…

He’s unconscious and face-first in the thick brown vomit on the mattress.
I stab the hypodermic needle into the meat of his ass and shoot the remaining two doses into him.
A minute passes, then two, three.
He wiggles—then jolts, wide-awake.
His hands are zip-tied behind his back and his ankles are bound together.
I grab his hair, hard, and pull him up onto his knees.
“Just nod ‘yes’ or ‘no’, okay?” I ask, standing over him.
He looks me over and the fact that I’m wearing his suit fills him with utter disgust; but, he can’t say a goddamn thing about it as he has several layers of duct tape wrapped around his head. (It had been in one of the plastic drawers in the room.)
I use his thumb to unlock his phone, open a browser, search for a site, something specific…and then I hold it up for him to see.
His eyes turn to false confusion and I know the answer before any response; however, he doesn’t answer - which means he ain’t playing the game right, so I punish him by slicing deep into his chin with the small razor blade. His agonizing groan is muffled by the tape. I drag the blade along his chin until the skin splits and I can see bone; then, I stop.
I flip through the site a bit more before holding it up again.
His jaw is gushing blood all over the cerulean moo moo. His eyes look at the phone, then at me, and then again at the phone a moment longer. I can tell he’s thinking, which I then explain isn’t part of the game - so I set the phone down again, grab his hair, and this time I just drag the blade deep into his scalp, following his hairline from the widow’s peak in the center to the temple.
“I’ll rip your fucking face off if you don’t play,” I tell him, matter-of-factly - though I’m not sure he hears me over his own muffled screams.
Blood pours down his face and into his eyes, which I regret - so I turn and pull my shirt off a hook and tie it around his forehead like a headband. I spit in his eyes and use a loose part of the shirt to wipe the blood out, ignoring his groans…
His phone locked on me so I use his thumb to unlock it again, swipe through the site, and hold up the phone once more.
This time he looks at the photo—and then he gives a little nod.
“Thank you,” I tell him, honestly - and then I reach two fingers into the gash in his forehead, pinch my thumb to get a grip.
I peel the skin down off his face to reveal hunks of sinew and bone.
Honestly, I was gonna do it whether he answered or not.
The skin tears as I rip it off his face - but he’s in shock and goes limp, unconscious, almost immediately. He’ll die of blood loss or shock; either that or he’ll wake up to police. Either way, I’m satisfied.
I leave him on the mattress and start rooting through his phone.
A new text message pops up:
>ran into Traffic b ther in 30
I check the time.

A gentle knock-knock-knock at the front door.
Silence.
Another, slightly harder knock-knock.
The doorknob wiggles, twists, turns, and the door opens.
The living room is dark but there’s a light on in the kitchen.
The man enters the house and passes without noticing me, heading toward the kitchen light; I follow.
Mr. Juggernut
I don’t have any friends. It’s not for a lack of personality, more so circumstance. People around me never last. Neither do pets. The only friend I’ve allowed myself lately is the top-half of a mannequin I named Cleopatra, because I decorate her with a gaudy gift after each job.
I actually put a lot of work into Cleopatra, considering. Her blank expression has been make-up’ed over to smile, with long lashes and rosy cheeks. Her right arm is in a perpetual high-five position and I back-hand her palm in greeting every time I see her - it’s kind of our thing. She doesn’t have legs, though, just a sturdy, black metal rod on a motion plate; when I back-hand her high-five, the motion plate activates a program that randomly selects a dirty joke off an internet database and then tells me in a petite female voice with an Australian accent.
"Why was the guitar teacher fired?" her robotic voice will ask.
She’s programmed to wait thirteen seconds so I can respond.
"I don’t know, Cleopatra. Why did the guitar teacher get arrested?"
"Because he fingered A minor."
Usually I chuckle.
Weirdly, I think of Cleopatra often—but a noise in the trunk distracts me. He’s awake and thumping around.
As I’m two hours northeast of Omaha, and nearly there, I decide it’s okay to pull off IA-37 for a moment, down a dirt road about a quarter-mile, and park. The starlight and moon are bright, obscenely so. I’m from a city, and spend most of my time in cities, so when I’m out in nowhere country, surrounding by nothing. Under a cloudless sky, the whole world feels both larger and smaller than I’ve ever known. Horizons stretch so wide that I can’t even take it all in.
I pop open the trunk and immediately bash the defenseless man stuffed inside, good and hard, until he’s not going to put up a fight when I drag him out - and he doesn’t. Both of his arms are zip-tied behind his back so, even if he’d wanted to do something, it wouldn’t have meant much. His feet are bound, too, so running isn’t much of an option, either.
He’s small, frail - maybe 5’8 and 150 lbs soaking wet - so it’s easy to drag him over to the grass and let him bleed there. He falls over when I let go and quickly curls into a fetal position. I have his phone in my hand but it’s got a numeric lock, so I’ve waited.
“What’s your phone’s password?” I ask him.
He groans in response, then spits blood in defiance.
I hold in the home button on his iPhone until Siri answers:
“What can I help you with?”
“Siri,” I say, “what’s my full name?”
“Here’s the contact information for Brad Fuller,” she answers, displaying his full name, address, multiple e-mail addresses and phone numbers. People don’t usually realize that Siri is accessible on a locked screen, nor that she stores all personal information.
I never take my eyes off the man while I speak to the phone but it isn’t until he hears his own name that he glances up at me.
“Brad, you got a family?” I ask, innocently enough.
He doesn’t answer.
“How ‘bout this, Brad? You tell me your phone password and I won’t kill them in front of you.”
He grunts, not out of anger but pain. It’s the sound of regret, of realizing he’s put himself in a situation and lost; that life will never be the same. He tells me the password. I bend at the knees beside him and begin rooting through his phone. I open a web browser, navigate to a site, and hold the phone up to him.
“Just nod, yes or no,” I tell him.
He glances up at the screen and then nods.
I navigate to a different site and hold it up to him.
He nods again.
I do this several more times; he nods every time.
“That was easy, Brad,” I tell him in an almost congratulatory tone. “Normally I have to torture it out.”
I stop to inhale deeply. The air is so clear it almost stings.
Never thought I’d miss pollution.
“Alright,” I tell him and grab him by the scruff of his polo shirt, pulling him off the ground to drag him to the trunk and stuff him back inside.
He’s only in there another half-hour before we arrive at the destination and I open the trunk and pull him out again. He curls in the grass, just like before. I bend down beside him and whisper, “We’re here,” like a parent waking up a child after a long trip.
He looks around. Even though he can’t see the house, he knows where we are.
“I’m going to ask you a few questions. If you answer them, I’ll let you go. I’ll let you go because I know this whole thing isn’t on you; I know you’ve just been doing what they’ve made you do. I know that. I understand. So, for your benefit, just answer the questions. Nod that you understand.”
He hesitates, then nods.
“How many people are in the house?”
He thinks.
“Three—four. No more than four,” he says, his voice weak.
“And underneath?”
He thinks but I can tell he’s uncertain.
“Five. Maybe six. Look, man, I don’t—”
“Shh, shh, shh,” I whisper in a soothing tone. “How do I get underneath?”
“There’s a bush around back…be—behind it. There’s a plank of wood. Behind that’s a small…a small door, with a padlock. Leads under the house.”
“Thank you,” I tell him.
And then he watches: I stand and walk back over to the open trunk; I dip in and shuffle through the stuff; then, I find something and walk back over. He squirms when he sees it, the tire iron. "I’m still going to kill your family, Brad," I say, matter-of-factly, "I’m just not going to do it in front of you. As promised." Before he can scream, I smash the back of his skull until each thwap is accompanied by a sickening, squishy/suction noise.
I stuff the body back in the trunk, close it, and walk toward the house.
Mr. JouZee
Three gentlemen sit in the living room. It’s nearly 4 a.m. and they’re watching television, patiently waiting but tired. A fourth man is in another room, a bedroom, asleep with the light on; he has a nineteen-year-old male cuffed to the bedpost, unconscious, on the floor beside him.
The single-story rancher is on 40 acres of nowhere property outside Charter Oak, Nebraska, about two and a half hours northeast of Omaha. There’s nothing but flat land and livestock; no neighbors, no passers-by, just a lone shed, sky and grass.
In the living room, the most overweight of the bunch grows impatient.
“He shoulda been back by now,” he says, checking his watch.
“He’ll be back when he’s back,” answers another, stocky gentleman, before sipping from his mug of cold instant coffee.
The third, a lanky gentleman, keeps quiet, seldom glancing up from swiping left or right on his phone.
“Maybe he met up with some trouble,” interjects the overweight one.
“Or maybe some trouble met up with him,” replies the stocky guy, sarcastically. “Look it, he prolly got there an’ wanted some time to snatch a taste’a the new meat. Give ‘em time.”
“Just wait, and be quiet,” the lanky one says without looking up; until then, the other two weren’t even sure he had been listening.
There’s a pause.
Another swig from the coffee mug.
More swipes on the phone.
“What if,” the overweight guy continues anyway—but stops, interrupted by loud music blasting out a car as it pulls into the driveway.
“See,” the stocky one says, standing. He slaps the overweight guy’s shoulder on his way toward the front door. “C’mon, he’s prolly gonna need all our help.”
The lanky gentleman begrudgingly stands and follows the other two out the front door and into the yard. They only take a few steps before it’s obvious something’s wrong - and all three men slow. The car isn’t parked but still about fifteen feet out and casually rolling down the long, dirt driveway toward the house. The high-beams are on so they’re unable to see much detail, but it’s obviously the four-door Toyota they’re expecting.
“Brad!” one of them calls out.
No answer.
The three men step to either side of the driveway as the car continues to roll toward them, closing in…and all three of them, practically in unison, let out some variation of “What ‘tha fuck?”
Then—
“Stop the car before it runs into the garage door,” the lanky one calls out over the commercial blasting out the car stereo.
“But…Brad’s in the car,” the stocky one says, pointing. “I can see him right there.”
“Turn it off,” the overweight one says, as he’s closest to the driver’s door.
They’re unsure if the driver’s just fucking with them.
The overweight one approaches and follows alongside the car, opening the door.
“Turn. it. off,” he says to the driver.
The driver doesn’t move or turn his head.
“Brad?” he asks again, low.
Oddly, the first thing he notices is that the seat belt’s been cut off; then, he notices that it’s being used to tie the blood-soaked body to the car seat, keeping it upright. The driver’s hands are tied to the wheel, his throat tied back against the headrest, his eyes open and blankly staring, his mouth agape, his tongue limply hanging out…and, written in marker on his cheek, are the letters:
I C U
The overweight man backs from the car, disgusted—just as the television inside the house starts blaring so loud that all three men can hear it over the car stereo.
The lanky man snaps to attention. He opens the passenger door, ignores the body, puts the car in park, and turns off the radio. The body only gets a passing glance before he’s back outside the car, barking orders. “Get a gun, check the perimeter,” he says to the stocky one nearest him; and then, to the overweight guy standing horrified beside the car, “Hey. Hey!”
It takes a moment before the guy can take his eyes off the body…but, when he does, he looks to the lanky one.
“Get your shit together,” he’s warned; then, “Come with me.”

The stocky one rushes into the house, grabs the loaded revolver they keep beside the front door, and heads back outside. He passes the other two on his way around back. The shed’s the first place he heads, the only real place to hide - and, just as he suspected, the padlock on the shed door has been pried loose.
The shed door hangs slightly ajar.
He moves slowly, carefully, with the gun aimed square into the shed incase someone or someTHING (he hasn’t ruled out monsters yet) comes running at him. The door’s only partially opened and he pulls it back further…further…further, to reveal a thick darkness inside.
He takes a step closer. There’s an overhead bulb with a string hung down beside it, and he reaches into the darkness…reaches out for the string…

The other two men walk into the house.
“Go wake up Justin,” the lanky one orders before heading into the living room.
The overweight one gently taps on the bedroom door; then, he tries the handle. It’s locked but the light’s still on.
“Justin, you awake?” he calls out.
The bedroom light abruptly turns off…but still, there’s no answer. He presses his ear against the door to hear inside - but the television’s still blaring in the living room so it’s hard to hear anything.
The lanky one searches the coffee table for the remote; it’s not there. And it’s not on the couch. He doesn’t see it anywhere so he turns off the television manually, silencing the echoing volume.
And that’s when the overweight one can hear it inside the room.
A low gurgle, struggling.
“JUSTIN!” he cries out and kicks the door so hard the entire frame cracks as it falls inward.
The lanky one reaches the bedroom just as the light switch is flicked on, and both men can see the fourth, in his bed, head towards them, arms reaching out for help - his throat’s slit so deep they can see the detached sinew and artery even through the geysers of blood. And it wasn’t a clean slice, more jagged and gruff, with ripped edges of skin around the wound. Whatever did cut him, the edge wasn’t sharp. Even with duct tape over his mouth, he tries to call out to them—but it causes more intense spurts of blood; they can see his severed vocal chords wiggling.
The window’s open, and the nineteen year old male handcuffed to the bedpost remains unconscious on the floor beside the bed, but the men ignore both as they move to help their friend—
The power goes out.

The light goes on in the shed—no one’s waiting in the darkness.
Some flares are missing, the stocky one notices. One wall is posterboard, where they hang most of their light tools. Each tool has been outlined in white - and several are missing, with just the white outline remaining. The bolt cutter. Duct tape. Handsaw. He doesn’t have time to notice that the hedge-clippers and chainsaw are also unaccounted for, because a noise just outside the shed startles him.
The overhead bulb loses power and the shed goes dark.
Twisting around, he takes the gun in both hands and rushes out of the shed.
No one, nothing but the open night and wide horizons and the house…
He lets one hand off the gun so he can fish out his phone. Once out of his pocket, he turns on the phone’s flashlight feature - and something in the grass, something red, catches his attention. He walks toward the side of the house and picks up a piece of red plastic and inspects it in the light. It’s part of a small lock. He searches for its origin—and quickly finds it. The house electricity meter’s been removed.
He turns back toward the shed—

Inside the house, the men hear a quick POP POP as the revolver fires outside.
The lanky one ignores the dying body, reaches across the bed, and removes the Beretta M9 he knows to be in the beside table. It’s a gun he’s long admired and, since his owner won’t be using it any time soon, it’s best to be in his possession.
The dying man narrows his eyes in sad anger as he watches his favorite gun get stolen…but then he’s dead, drowned in his own blood.
The overweight one stands in the doorway, again frozen—but the lanky one slaps him.
“Get a fucking weapon and wait in your room,” he demands.
Outside, the car stereo starts blasting again - this time, it isn’t a commercial.
music cue
The two men separate.

The lanky man exits the house holding the gun out with both hands, his aim precise.
The car isn’t still but slowly rolling backward, back down the driveway in reverse - and now there’s a sizzling, flickering red in the backseat of the car: a lit flare.
There’s no one around.
The flame inside the car grows, consuming the back seat, the passenger seat, the driver’s seat, the body. It’s backed enough away from the house that it doesn’t pose any real danger to him or the house yet; however, by dawn the smoke might start attracting attention.
The lanky one heads out, away from the house, to keep the whole area in perspective. If anyone’s jumping in and out of windows, running around the house, anything - he’ll see it from a safe distance, where no one can sneak up on him.
Keeping a good sixty paces, he circles around back.

The overweight one runs into his room and slams the door behind him, locking it. He grabs the hunting rifle from the corner beside his tv and locks the windows and sits on his bed, breathing heavily. He’s too scared to cry for his friends.
It’s mostly silent. The car stereo is too far for the music to be loud, though he can hear it, faintly.
There’s a quick, soft ruffling noise from inside the closet. He gasps, unable to breathe—and then he lifts the rifle and quickly pulls the trigger. Nothing - the safety’s on. He flicks off the safety and pulls the trigger. The room lights up with a metallic flash. The spent cartridge bounces around clink-clink-clink and lands beside the bed.
There’s silence…and then the noise resumes inside the closet.
He stands from the bed, shaking. The rifle remains aimed at the closet as he takes a step closer…and another step…and another step…

The back of the house is empty aside from the shed and the bush covering the entrance to the crawl space under the house.
A bedroom window lights up from within, the flash of gunfire, the loud rifle POP…
The lanky one keeps a distance but continues to move around the house, his focus on the bedroom window - and then he sees someone hiding around the side. Their body’s pressed up against the house, trying to hide in the darkness. His focus shifts to this unfamiliar figure and he quickly approaches, the gun trained on him. He’s not halfway there before he realizes the body he’s closing in on…isn’t moving. And the body’s feet aren’t touching the ground…

The closet door is pulled open quickly, with the rifle ready to fire…but, there’s nothing out of the ordinary. Suddenly there’s a noise—and he fires out of panic. Another flash. Another spent cartridge clink-clink-clinking around.
It takes the overweight one a moment to realize it’s coming from within one of his dress shirts. Something’s rumbling, something small. He carefully reaches into the pocket and feels something recognizable: it’s a phone. He pulls it out. The phone belongs to the stocky one, and it’s rumbling because a timer’s just gone off.
He chuckles, relieved, as I crawl out from under his bed.

The burning car bathes the side of the house in firelight.
The body is stuck against the house - garden shears stabbed straight through the throat and lodged deep into the faux wood paneling of the house, holding the stocky body upright as if standing.
It’s another goddamn trick.
There’s the POP of a second rifle shot from within the house and, this time, he runs around front, passed the burning car, straight into the house and toward the bedroom with the gunfire. He tries the door but it’s locked. He kicks it in—and a figure lunges at him from the darkness of the bedroom.
POP POP POP POP he shoots, backing away.
Each bullet tears through the overweight body and he falls, dead, just outside of the room; he’s bound, duct tape over his mouth, hands tied behind the back.
Silence.
“Psst,” I whisper in the lanky one’s ear, from just behind.
William Howard Mathers
I finish my story to the man in the office with this:
“In about…” I check the nearest clock, “…ten minutes, all of the information I’ve gathered about you and your sicko fuck friends will go out to every major news agency in the world. Or, you could use this computer to wire ten million dollars to the account already set up. And then drink this,” I lift the blue glass vial of liquid, “which is the same fucking drug your friend used on me earlier – and wake up, forgetting most of this happened. I’ll be gone, forever.”
He doesn’t respond.
I check the clock on his computer. I have to open it to see the seconds.
“Eight minutes and forty-seven seconds,” I tell him.
He doesn’t move.
He doesn’t respond.
On his computer, I’ll pull up a wire transfer that will accept an account to transfer cash into a cryptocurrency. From there, I have a gentleman in China waiting to exchange the currency into straight cash for ninety-seven cents on the dollar. I think his game is to manipulate crypto markets but I don’t know for sure, nor do I care.
I bite a Twizzler and spin in the chair.
Suddenly, I stop and bend down.
“Even if you killed me with your bare hands, right now, all of the information will be sent out. It’s preprogrammed. There’s pictures. Address. IP addresses. Your sick, pathetic, fucking ruinous website is outlined in full. You all protected yourself but nothing’s truly anonymous. And it’ll show everyone linked to it. Not just you, and the fact that you own the deed to the house, with the boys in the basement. It’ll show everyone. The men in Europe. Your friends in Calgary. Everyone.” Check of the clock. “—five minutes and thirteen seconds—and I’m not sure they’ll be as easy on you as I am right now.” I bite the Twizzler and spin again. This is exchange is super wordy for me. Normally I don’t say much but I’ve already won so it feels okay.
The man quietly stands and walks over to the desk, beside me (I scooch out of his way), to face the computer. He bends down and examines the site I have open, the exchange of ten million in USD to crypto.
“I don’t know my account num—” he pleads, strong in tone but weak in message.
“Less than four minutes, better fucking remember them.”
A part of me wants to giggle. I’ve been awake all night, which started with a drugging. Eight or so hours earlier, I’d been raped while unconscious. The fact that it didn’t register further than the pain it caused in my rectum only reinforced just how far I’d left reality. I’m not human. I’m not like some guy in a cubicle, even if they’re “sorta out-there”. I don’t function like before. I’m not the person I was born as; I now felt as the person I was born to be.
And with this asshole’s money, I could do much more.
The man quickly typed the account information into the screen and watched it load. “There, there, stop it,” he ordered, both of us watching the screen.
“The information is part of a mass spread that I can stop whenever I want, up until the last second—two minutes and nine seconds from now. So I’ll wait. ANNNNDDD,” I really stress it, “the second condition is—here,” I stand from the chair and let him sit, “you sit at your desk and drink that shit your friend gave me.”
The screen confirms the transfer has been acknowledged and accepted, and it begins a progress bar. The green starts filling the bar, suggesting just how close the transaction is toward completion.
The man sits in his chair and takes hold of the blue vial and looks at it.
“What is it?” he asks, grimacing.
“Same shit your friend used on all the people he kidnapped.”
The bar reaches midway and moves quickly.
“Oh shit, less than a minute,” I tell him, excitedly. It feels like waiting for New Year’s Eve or that celebratory hour you were born.
The man unscrews the vial.
The transaction nears complete.
The man drinks the vial.
The transaction completes.
Instantly, the man begins to choke and gargle.
“I was totally lying,” I chuckle, exposing the prank while beginning the process of wiping my fingerprints from everything on his desk. Hopefully my presence isn’t as noticeable after I’m gone, considering I’ll be the last to see him alive. I had added myself to his schedule while waiting for him, so that gives me a short, very impractical alibi…however, the information, which had gone out about the moment he stepped through the door, took the form of a guilty admission/suicide note from him. Exposing everything, admitting to it, and then taking his own life – that was the gist. I worked on it for weeks beforehand so, at least in my opinion, it’s extremely convincing – who saw him before he killed himself would be important but far out-shadowed by the reality of his pedophile ring and the ensuing, massive scandal surrounding congressmen and powerful people across most of the world.
The man tries to say something but it comes out as goo.
His throat disintegrates across the desk.
“It wasn’t really the drug your friend used on me,” I admit, leaving, “it was sulfuric acid.”
And I close the door behind me.
music cue


Seven Signs of a Psychopath
Two Years Later
1
The elementary school lets out around 3:50 pm EST. A boy pushes through the busy crowd of children, texting to find his dad’s car near the back of the car line. The car line crawls forward but his dad’s blue sedan stays parked. The minivan behind it pulls around; the minivan behind that minivan also pulls around, as does the minivan behind that. He’s not paying attention, like always, the boy must have thought as he ran over to the blue sedan and opened the back passenger door and got in.
The other students would immediately hear his high-pitched scream and it draws the attention of two nearby teachers. Teacher #1 walks over to the driver’s side while the Teacher #2 circles around, to check on the child.
The driver of the blue sedan is slouched over the wheel and he doesn’t stir with two loud raps on the window. Teacher #1 unclips his walkie and, as noted in the police report, radios to the office, “I think we got a drunk parent.” (It’s a posh school, so if there’s no harm or property damage, I assume they’d sweep everything under the rug.)
Teacher #2 opens the back door to let the screaming child out—and that’s when she sees it. Blood, everywhere blood. The gear shift. The steering wheel. It drips down the seatbelt and off the dashboard. Teacher #1 doesn’t see the blood, he later tells police, because of the glare on the windows, but he does see Teacher #2’s reaction: face a deviled white, eyes frozen wide, mouth agape - Teacher #2 could see “the driver’s face was missing skin, like hunks had been ripped out.”
And the boy didn’t stop screaming.
The autopsy lists intra-abdominal hemorrhaging as the cause of death, though blunt-force trauma and blood loss are chief among the secondary factors; however, knowing the reasons the body failed doesn’t explain the circumstance that caused the injuries. And the wounds were fresh, within approximately 90 minutes, the body covered in deep bite marks; not just of the face and extremities but torso and upper thigh - meaning, when they occurred, the victim was naked. The bite marks, small and large, were so numerous that the coroner had to estimate the number (forty-seven) from *at least* seventeen different sets of teeth (some more than once) - so it wasn’t some lone cannibal but a fucking feeding frenzy – and they weren’t really eating, just gnashing. And there was no DNA evidence on him, no saliva in the wounds, no hair fibers on his clothes, no skin cells under his nails, nothing. Like he had been cleaned.
The body had also been pummeled. Cerebral edema, countless contusions, broken rib, and scratch marks so severe that a fingernail was found to be stuck in one - turned out to be the victim’s own fingernail in a self-inflicted wound, though most of the other scratches didn’t appear to be self-inflicted.
The victim’s cell phone tracked from a short a.m. conference (the last time anyone saw him alive), to his home for a couple hours, and then to his son’s school. Video surveillance shows the blue sedan pull up to the line of cars and stop, waiting - no one gets in; no one gets out. No signs of a fight in the house, just random splashes of his own blood. Forensics finds no suspicious DNA in the car, the house, his office, nowhere.
And all of this, amazingly, is kept under wraps. The police only admit the tragic death of a local resident from an accidental drug overdose but admit that no crime has been committed and that there’s no danger present within in the area. The small community assumes it’s an opioid overdose; Teacher #1 and Teacher #2 know better but keep mostly quiet – however, there are murmurs, rumors…
So the only evidence is the body, which local police have zero idea what to do about it. State police aren’t brought in, as would have been protocol. The county *does* hire a top forensic odontologist, who then brings in 6 forensic dentists to help create molds of the bite marks - and, immediately, they run into an issue: most of the bite marks are actually two or more bite marks, made by separate sets of teeth; the rest are too shallow to provide useful prints. One thing was certain, though: the bite marks were human.
In the coroner’s report, he hand-wrote a note of opinion describing the circumstances that led to the victim’s death as “the physical manifestation of hell by which dozens of adult-age men and women, at once, ripped and gnashed and beat [the victim] to death.”
And then came the day, not thirty-six hours after the coroner’s report reached the desk of District Attorney’s office (it should have gone to the state police), when everything somehow went absolutely silent. Police report, eyewitness accounts, the medical examiner’s findings—all of it went dark, redacted or vanished entirely, and the local police returned to business as usual.
That’s where I come in.
My name *isn’t* Stephen Prince, and I’m watching skeleton ladies dance around in frilly black, dominatrix-y skirts and black tops to the slowed beat of a Rihanna song. It’s a bit corny but, honestly, the pageantry is impressive; however, I don’t dare mention my enjoyment.
“Which one is she?” I ask and steady the lens on my collar toward the stage. The person sitting nearest me thinks I’m a weirdo mumbling to myself in the back corner but I’m actually wearing an earpiece with a small camera bluetoothed to my smartphone, which has had its’ own mic and cam removed. All my audio and video data records to a private server so people can check it if I go missing (which happens frequently). My phone’s been disassembled and reassembled for my profession – or, I guess more accurately, for me personally. Its GPS, if one were somehow able to get my signal and to try to track me using it, shows me stranded on an island I once saw on a documentary about the Galapagos. (One day I’ll speak to someone who traveled to this island trying to track me down, I just know it.)
I get an answer but the show’s music is loud. I press my ear and ask to repeat.
“She’s on the far right. Wide hips. Nice ass,” replies Hannah.
I sigh at her consistent lack of professionalism. “Nice ass, got it.”
Hannah was the one who happened to stumble on this case shortly after the incident at the school, as it happened about 45 minutes from her hometown. This is how I usually find work: random, often accidently; and it’s how I happened to meet Hannah, who proved herself invaluable. She didn’t just contact me for help; she was already knee-deep in it, with the ability to do more on her computer, alone in a room, than I often could over months. And the story of the body at the school had become an urban legend overnight, fueled by the undercurrent of obvious conspiracy. She snooped and found the rumors were right - something was off.
The music cuts off, the women on stage freeze in sexy poses, sparks blast out a nearby prop oil drum...and I smirk. *I mean, surprisingly not bad for a Halloween show at Six Flags Great Adventure.*
The women run off stage, different music begins, and zombie men come running out singing about werewolves, and I’m forced to wonder why Six Flags didn’t also choose to dress the men in slutty, bare attire.
Hannah says something else but I can’t hear it so I press my ear and ask her to repeat it.
“Maybe this will help you hear me,” she says, annoyed that I keep asking for her to repeat herself—and she blasts a Matt and Kim song on her end.
Everything just sounds like noise for a moment.
“Just kidding.” She turns off the music. “It looks like she’s moving backstage to the dressing room. You can probably head around back now, show’s gonna end in a few minutes.”
“Okay. Time check.”
“You have a fucking clock, check it yourself,” she snaps.
I get up off the rickety, thin metal bleachers and walk down the concrete steps to exit the outdoor amphitheater.
It’s nearly midnight and the amusement park’s all but shut down. It’s a horror night so fog machines occasionally billow cotton-candy scented smoke over the wide, desolate black walkways. Patrons are few and far between, workers even less so. There’s no one guarding the backstage area, which surprises me, and I consider walking back to knock – but I may wander too far and the ladies might be undressing so instead I patiently wait a few feet from the backstage exit.
The nearby decor is a combination of faux corn stalks and plastic gravestones.
*What inconsiderate asshole would plant corn in a graveyard?*
After a moment, I request an image of the woman in question so I can be certain when I see her. “Got just the thing,” Hannah says, clicks a few buttons, and tells me to check my phone. I open the attachment and it’s a video of lesbians going at it hardcore. (For a split-second I think Hannah’s just being inappropriate.) “She’s the one with the tattoo on her arm.” I skim the video until there’s a decent view of her face. In the background I hear Hannah mumble, again, something along the lines of “told ya she’s got a nice ass...”
I glance up—and that’s when I notice a hulking figure watching me from the shadows. At first I think it’s a mannequin...but the breathing catches my attention. Short breaths, heaving, jagged.
“I’m picking up something,” Hannah says, interrupting a perfectly horrible silence.
“It’s just a park employee,” I calmly reply.
“...what?” she asks. Her tone is serious; she’s never serious.
“In front of me. It’s an employee.” I twist the small camera lens to focus on the hulking, heaving shadow. There’s a flicker of light from a ride in the distance - he’s covered in gore, and he’s holding something long, possibly a weapon.
“No—inside the dressing room,” Hannah says; she’s talking about something completely different. “There’s a struggle…it, it sounds like, like a fight maybe.”
“A fight?”
“I think so, I can’t really tell. What were *you* talking about?” she asks.
“Just one of the park zombies is standing nearby, surprised me a little,” I repeat.
“Park manager cleared all the zombie staff forty minutes ago. Shouldn’t be any of them still out there,” Hannah tells me, then pauses. “…something’s happen—oh shit, those women are screaming. Jesus, it sounds like they’re burning alive.”
“Get eyes inside that room,” I demand.
“There’s no cameras in the dressing rooms. I told you that before, fucker!” Hannah spits back.
The hulking shadow slowly backs further into darkness. I’m still pretending to text as I size him up: 6’9, 280 lbs, with an egg-shaped head either bald or shaved—and then he’s gone, disappeared into the blackness.
“Don’t curse!” I scold her, then whisper, “What’s my visibility on this?”
“If it’s bad in there – cops. Local, state if they link it to anything. You’ll have to interact. Suspicious behavior, there’s footage of you waiting backstage. But they’ll see you entering the amphitheater and watching the show so you won’t be an immediate suspect. And—fuck-fuck-fuck—you’ll have to switch out your IDs afterward. We can keep tabs on the police report. Get the fuck out of there.” Hannah, when in emergency mode, speaks a sort of stream-of-consciousness summary.
I’m here for a reason, and part of that reason is slowly escaping right in front of me. I know this in my gut, a familiar feeling of when I’m doing stupid, and I know it’s going to be stupid…but I do it anyway. It’s a feeling I get pretty much all the time.
“Make sure the ID is solid.”
“Bitch, your IDs are always solid.”
“You shouldn’t curse,” I remind her before heading into the shadows, after the hulking man.
This side of the amusement park is all about superheroes and, though none of the rides are lit up, they’re all flamboyantly painted landmarks that help me keep my bearing. I list things I need from Hannah, like eyes on the park surveillance of the northwest side of the park.
“Already on it. You’re chasing after that creepy-ass freak, aren’t you?” she asks, the distant sound of furious clicks in the background.
“That I am,” I sigh.
I come out from behind a food shack into a well-lit walkway that snakes off in several directions. I’m careful not to tip the brim of my baseball hat too much over my face, as I don’t want to make it obvious, but I keep my chin down as if carefully following the path; really, my eyes are focused straight out, eagerly searching.
“Bear right,” directs Hannah, and I follow.
“Where’s he headed?”
I pass several closed stands of merchandise and candy. Ahead of me is the outline of a dark coaster rail. Leaves scatter the path, fallen from a nearby oak. Silence. No staff. No patrons. I check the time and quicken my pace, acting as if I’m lost. Someone in surveillance would see me and send someone to help direct me, if I didn’t run into someone first. I’m sure staff was making a mad dash to kick everyone out.
“He’s keeping just out of focus in the cameras but it looks like he’s headed--ew, gross. He’s, like, really big, you sure you wanna follow him?”
“Yes, Hannah. I want to follow him. Where’s he headed?”
“I’m not sure, hold on.” She goes silent; then, “Okay, so it looks like he’s going into an area that’s shut down for the fall. I got no lights, no cameras. It’s just a black blob on my map – but on the other side, there’s a small parking lot...and a back gate that heads into the safari area.”
“Fuck, I totally forgot about the safari area.”
“Don’t curse,” Hannah mocks. “Move faster, go about a hundred feet and cut right. You should be able to cut him off.”
I break into a light jog, cut right at a hundred feet, cross between some grass - and find an 8 ft. chain-link fence. I quickly scale the fence and land in the dirt on the other side, surrounded by darkness and trees. I don’t see a path, and it feels like I’m trespassing on some old, forgotten town. There are structures around me, pointed shadows, and I make my way toward them.
“Keep straight about forty feet and you should cut him off. After that I can’t track him.”
…crick…
I stop dead at the sound, and I turn—to find someone standing over me, looking down. They have large hands outstretched, their face a pale white. Glaring eyes. Red nose…
“It’s a goddamn clown,” I scoff, regaining composure, finally able to breathe.
I’ve reached the path for the closed area. There are merchandise huts and food shacks but they’re all hollowed out, empty and abandoned. There are small rides and—“Rrrgh!”—a guttural noise. I hear the stampeding grunt before catching a brief glimpse of the man – big as a wrecking ball swinging toward me. The impact is so hard it knocks the Bluetooth from my ear. I land hard and roll—his hands grab me and lift me up off the ground and he throws me like an oil barrel, two hands up and out.
I land a second time and, even hurt and disoriented, I’m able to roll, twist, and get back onto my feet.
He’s gone. I stagger a moment. The pain is offset by adrenaline. My head is bleeding. He’s fucking with me. My eyes adjust to the dark enough to distinguish small bits of detail in my surroundings. More shops. A small, fenced-in train ride that goes in circles. This guy knows I’m following him; he also seems to know the terrain, at least better than I.
There are goofy, playful figures lingering around the outskirts of the area. Each has cartoonish body shapes. I pass one plastic figure with a cat face, its hand extended and finger pointing down the path. In the darkness, its overly joyful features are menacing. I’m searching for a rock, a board, anything to use as a weapon, but all I find is cartoonish figures in the darkness. Another plastic figure with a dog face, a wide smile and tacky, jutting whiskers. Another plastic figure of a famous kid’s cartoon. Another, larger plastic figure—the head turns toward me—
The man rushes at me again – but this time I move, grabbing his elbow and shoulder to use his own momentum against him. He loses his balance and smashes through the thin plywood wall of a snack shack, causing the small structure to shake violently and fold, the roof collapsing inward with an echoing thud.
The hulking giant tries to push his way out from under the collapsed structure but I leap on top of the rubble, keeping him pinned down with my body while I search the debris for anything to use as a weapon. His strength immediately proves to be too much and he shoves the roofing off with me still on top. Both of us scramble, and stand, and face each other—just as the lights come on.
music cue
Music starts up, some cliched ditty, and lights come on overhead and outside the nearby huts, and I can see the scared face of the hulking teenager in front of me. His eyes dart every which way, sharp but frantic like a trapped fox. He only wants escape; I can’t let him.
The park had turned the power back on, probably to find us.
The hulking teen tries to shuffle off, slow and wheezed, heading toward darkness. He’s tired, weakening. I get behind and grab his shoulder and pull him back, slowing him. Voices near us, the sound of an engine – they’re closing in, running footsteps growing louder, louder—and then, all of a sudden, we’re surrounded by a half dozen men, most with tasers but two with genuine revolvers, which surprises me that they allow weapons inside a Six Flags.
I fucking hate being arrested.
2
“Look, I’s just followin’ the big dude ‘cause I was lost and thought tha duuuuude knew the way out, man. C’mon! That giant Uncle Fester fuckin’ attacked me! I wanna press charges!” I say with an egregious use of slang. This might be laying it on too thick, I consider.
The local police had taken me to the station and kept me two hours while a myriad of differently attired officers asked me similar questions. The one in the beat cop uniform asked if I heard screaming, and what I was doing outside the dressing room exit, and some peripheral questions about my last few days (which were easy to prove and rather unspectacular.) A plainclothes detective showed up soon after, kicked the previous officer out, and asked me why I went to the amusement park alone, where was my family, this and that and what I was doing outside of the dressing room exit so late. I answer all of their questions correctly, and keep my story straight; it’s one of the few times I’ve been questioned by police where I legitimately hadn’t done anything wrong, and they knew it.
So I’m exasperated by the time the last man walks in. His features are vaguely familiar, but I’m certain I don’t know the man – never met him, yet I can’t place the familiarity. I can quickly tell, however, that he’s federal. His face is weary, tired and worn down like his black suit, probably the only thing he’s been wearing for the last few weeks, if not months. He also has a posture to him, not just straight but annoyingly upright – almost obnoxious. I’m not sure how they teach that at Quantico but it’s recognizable like a cheap scent.
I lock up, unprepared, but it doesn’t matter.
“You’re being released into my custody,” says the man, firmly, as he crosses the room.
From there on, it’s only motions – no words: a flip of the badge to identify himself as a federal agent (though not long enough for me to get a read of his name); he has me stand and face the wall to cuff my hands behind my back; he leads me, from behind, out of the interrogation room and through a labyrinth of desks cluttered with folders and stained coffee mugs and no cubicle walls; and then out into the parking lot…to a blue Subaru hatchback. I chortle, a noise I seldom make; not a chuckle or scoff, more surprised at his stupid choice of vehicle.
“Don’t,” he warns, stuffing me into the back seat.
Inside the car, he reverses out of the lot and we head off. Neither of us speaks…and I’m worried. I gave the cops a fake identity. There’s a growing number of state cases where I’m not a suspect but an eye-witness wanted for “clarification” – which is a trap, as I could also be charged with obstructing justice for not explaining how I’ve known the intimate details of certain things I’ve written; then again, I could be charged with much worse if I did explain it.
We drive for almost an hour – freeway to turnpike – but then leave New Jersey and cross into Pennsylvania and he heads south down 95, and I get the feeling I know where we’re headed long before we reach it: Philadelphia. He gets off at an exit near the waterfront and drives right into a densely populated area, with cars and people everywhere. I know the city pretty well but not this area – it’s built up, not shady or old like most of the city. Neon, young people, bars with tiki torches, and a lot of vape smoke.
The car stops dead, double-parked in front of our apparent destination.
Late-night show at the Fillmore theater:
Metric.
“The fuck?” I mumble.
The agent steps out of the car, removes his suit jacket and tie, tosses them back in, and untucks his shirt before opening the back door. He points upward and twirls his finger, signaling for me to turn around; once I do, he removes the cuffs. (He tries to be nonchalant but I catch him leaving the car key on the driver’s seat, and notice the car doors remain unlocked as we walk away.) I get out and, still, neither of us talk.
There’s no line into the venue, as the show must be nearing the end. I don’t know what time it is, as I couldn’t see it in the car, but it’s late. The park closed around 9pm, questioned for 2 hours, hour drive – past midnight but the bars are still serving so it’s no later than 2am but it’s got to be close. And I have this moment, when we’re walking in, where I could just run. He stays beside me but there’s nothing stopping me from just taking off. So far as he knows, I’m Stephen Prince…unless he knows more, which he hasn’t admitted. In fact, he hasn’t admitted anything. And maybe that’s why I don’t run, I follow him in – because I have no idea what’s going on. He’s already got tickets for the show on his phone – which tells me he’s prepared, a planner playing chess, not checkers – but the employees at the front only search him. He has no weapon, I notice.
We ignore the bar and head straight into a mix of loud noise, sweaty people, and fog.
music cue
Finally, he talks.
He tells me that I’m a hard man to find, and then addresses me by name. My full name. My real name. The music makes it hard for us to talk and it dawns on me – he took me somewhere I can’t record him. We can talk freely and no one can listen. No one’s watching us, so far as I know; and no one’s listening.
I remain quiet.
He tells me to come find him when I’m done doing whatever it is that I’m doing; whatever I’m working on, whatever I’m investigating, I need to wrap it up because there’s something more pressing. He’s speaking of the dead man in the car, my current case, but doesn’t seem to know it’s what I’m working on. This, it seems, is different. Unrelated. A definitely fucking risky as it involves the government.
I tell him I don’t trust him.
He doesn’t care and gives me an address on Frankfurt Avenue.
People sway and bob around us. The sweaty skin of pumped up strangers sticks to me as they throb closer toward the stage. He and I, we barely notice. The music is overbearing, but it’s background noise. The people ignore us, too, aside from an occasional dirty look.
The song ends.
“If I can find you, so can others.”
This is something I hear very distinctly.
What others?
But that’s it, and then he leaves.
“Alcohol, a lot of it.” The hotel bartender looks at me, confused. “Uh, gin. Dirty gin. Martini. Extra dirty. On the rocks,” I tell him in sparse sentences, dialing a number into a prepaid phone I got down the street at 24-hour corner store.
“Okay but it’s last call,” the young man tells me, eyes narrowed while looking me over in the dim lighting.
“Then I’ll take three.”
The phone gives half a ring before Hannah picks up.
“Where the fuck have you—why are you calling from Philadelphia?!” she starts. “—and don’t tell me not to curse ‘cause you had me so damned scared. Police scanner said you were being transferred into federal custody. They found a dead girl in that dressing room—and then you go chase giant fuckin’ Igor out into the darkness and get arrested! What. The. Fuck. Dude.”
The hotel bar is almost entirely empty. It’s been a long night and I’m growing sloppy, not checking my surroundings as thoroughly as I normally do. I don’t really care. The bartender lines up three high ball glasses and returns with a filled shaker, pouring the opaque liquid and half-melted ice until each is more than three quarters full. Hannah continues to chew me out. I chug the martini from the highball glass and motion, while mid-drink, at the bartender’s bar towel. He gives me another confused look. “May I have a towel?” I finally ask. The sting of the liquor is hardly noticeable. Hannah’s still going on. The bartender hands me a fresh towel, which I thank him for, and then pour the ice from the empty drink into it. It’s not enough. “More ice please.” The bartender stops with the confused glances and dumps a scoop of fresh ice in the towel. I ball it up and hold it under my shirt, against my ribs, right where giant Igor hit me—and then I begin chugging the second martini.
“At least we got a new lead out of it…” finishes Hannah, knowing I’d be intrigued.
I finish chugging – breathless, mouth dripping, “What do you mean?” – and switch the ice from my ribs to my head, to the gash I nearly forgot about. Police bandaged it, nothing serious, but it’s forming a pretty aggressive welt.
“Well, that dude who died at the school…” she draws it out, knowing full well my attention is piqued and solely on her, “…I think I know somethin’ about it. Somethin’ big.”
I pull the final drink closer, my lips and chin still sopping wet from the previous drink.
“Well go on, then,” I say, an obvious hot mess. “Surprise me.”
3
The slowed, creepy beat of the Rihanna song had cut off and the women on stage froze in sexy poses as sparks burst out a nearby prop oil drum. I had smirked. I mean, surprisingly not bad for a Halloween show at Six Flags Great Adventure. The dancers, dressed in their frilly black, dominatrix-y skirts and black tops, ran backstage for a costume change while the zombie men came out singing about werewolves.
They had been one dancer short, as someone hadn’t come back out after the last number. The dancers compensated and only those involved with the show would really notice someone was missing—so, as soon as the dancers were out of earshot, while undressing backstage, they bad-mouthed her. Some were more superficial in their insults, others more incisive.
“She ain’t even a fit mother, though. For real,” one of the women said over her shoulder as she removed the next costume from her locker. “—and her locker stink!” She quickly added, sniffing at the missing dancer’s locker, which was next to her own. The last thing Hannah would hear distinctly was the woman’s comment about how it smelled like a “dead-ass skunk.” It was this woman who noticed first. Pulling up the next, lighter-colored skirt, she found something sticky on the feet of her black stockings – glue-like, thick. She cursed, then cursed more realizing this “goo” on her foot had made a brown smear on the next shirt; then she cursed much more, much louder, when she realized this “goo” was dripping from the missing dancer’s locker and pooling below.
As soon as the others saw, however, they slowed their dressing and crowded a bit closer. The woman’s dressing room wasn’t a big area, with small tables and mirrors along one side and the lockers lining the walls, almost like a locker room. None of them touched the liquid pooling under the locker, surrounding the locker in a semi-circle. One of them used their phone flashlight to see it more clearly in the dimly lit room. The liquid was a dense red.
The dancers were extremely quiet for a moment, then they all interjected something at once. Two of the girls backed away, talking about not wanting to get involved – and the other knocked over a table. To Hannah, it sounded like the beginning of a fight – wall of sound, knocked over table, a lot of “…uh uh, ain’t gonna…”s; but it wasn’t a fight. They were all reacting to something none of them said out loud, except for the most naïve of the bunch who suggested “stage blood.”
The screaming didn’t start until one of them opened the locker, the sounds of which Hannah described to me as “burning alive.” The body stuffed inside looked more like a tacky amusement park mannequin, arms and legs bent and broken, the elbow jutting through the skin, all to better fit the body inside the locker. Hair stuck to the bloody, painted face staring lifelessly back at them, the tongue hanging limp from the mouth. It was so grotesque that it became surreal and the women, rightfully so, freaked out.
And, to my absolute-fucking-frustration, none of it seemed to have anything to do with my case. The woman in the locker wasn’t the woman I had been looking to speak with after the event; it was some new dancer that had started a few weeks earlier. The killer, who we called Giant Igor, was caught on camera grabbing the dancer and dragging her into the dressing room. That alone was enough for the police to charge Giant Igor even though there was no clear motivation for the murder.
But this was just the beginning of the questions…
Giant Igor wasn’t from the area, instead coming from the edge of a much more dangerous city farther north, one that was suspiciously close to the wealthy neighborhood I was currently investigating; a literal twenty-minute drive from end-to-end, though it felt like visiting two different worlds.
Giant Igor did have an extensive rap-sheet, especially for nineteen, and most of the offenses were violent, but he had no background with the victim. The police, with all of their evidence, couldn’t place the victim with the killer at any point before the murder, ever; they’d never met, so far as the police could tell. It looked random, like he happened to see her at the park and suddenly decided to murder her.
The timing of the murder was also extremely specific – women came in and out of that dressing room often. The victim had stepped out back to quickly smoke a cigarette in-between dance numbers, something uncommon with most of the dancers. Giant Igor had been waiting and he overpowered her quickly, carefully waiting for the other dancers to leave for the next number before dragging her into the empty dressing room. She was so small compared to him that he was able to smother her and stuff the body into the locker without much of a struggle. If he hadn’t crushed and mangled the body so much to fit it into the locker, there might not have been any blood and people might not have noticed for days.
It’s Hannah, after explaining everything, who puts it into perspective for me:
“You always tell me, we can’t assume anything’s a coincidence, right? Right?” She’s often over-caffeinated and rapid-fire. Even if I wanted to interrupt, I couldn’t; I know because I keep trying. “So what if Giant Igor killed the wrong person? ‘Cause remember, even you couldn’t tell which one was the girl you were lookin’ for. They all looked the same. Maybe he was there for your girl but got confused. Police keep sayin’ he’s smart as a tin can. And tin cans ain’t that smart. And if it isn’t a coincidence then this isn’t random and maybe someone else was also lookin’ for this girl like you were and they sent this big dude after her. I bet they’ll find cash money in his room or somewhere ‘cause someone would have paid him, since this isn’t random. And whoever paid for it, I bet it was someone wealthy. See where I’m going with this?” She paused for 1/1000 of a second. “Someone else knew this girl exists. Someone else thinks she’s a link to what’s going on. Someone else wanted her dead—”
“But what about the woman we were looking for?” I finally get out; it’s the one thing I’ve been trying to say the entire time. That woman was literally our one and only clue, the single out-of-place phone number on a dead man’s recent call list; and he had called it repeatedly in the week before his death. We assumed it was an affair, but an affair was better than nothing to go on at all.
“Oh, that girl – she’s in the wind. She straight left. Her car’s…” Hannah clicks a few things, “…looks like it’s heading toward Ohio. Once they dismissed the dancers, she was gone. I think she knew. I think she knew she was dealing with something ‘cause why would she run? But it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter. ‘Cause you only got two things here.”
I wait.
“And…those two things are?”
She stays silent.
I wait longer.
“—sorry, I thought they were saying something about Giant Igor.” She’s still monitoring the police channels. “You got two options. Maybe this is random. Maybe this giant dude just happened to live near the area we’re looking at and maybe he just happened to see her and maybe he just suddenly snapped. It does happen. Doesn’t explain why that hot-ass woman drove off into the night but maaaaaaybe it spooked her just ‘cause, you know, it was awful. Either that or we’re going about this all wrong.”
“Wrong?” I asked, surprised. “How else can we do this?”
4
Knock knock. Ring. Ring-ring-ring. Knock knock.
Annoying and belligerent.
The door opens half-way – woman, mid-to-late forties. She looks me over, assessing me with sleepy eyes. I’m in a dress shirt two sizes too big, tucked into tight brown slacks, with a wide blue tie, hair is parted in the middle (cow lick in back), and glasses with fake lenses in wide, thin gold frames.
“Ma’am, we’re doing a survey on property taxes for the county,” I nasally lie, clipboard in hand.
She bites and opens the door a bit further.
“Too damn high,” she grumbles, more to herself than me. Maybe wine-drunk, maybe napping, maybe oxycontin – I can tell she’s a little out of it but nothing suspicious. It’s mid-day, an hour or two past noon.
I diligently write her words on the sheet attached to the clipboard, some boiler-plate census form I found online. I also nod with approval, and she opens the door enough to stand in the threshold, neither outside nor in. Originally, I had wanted to hire an intern for this – pay them online, send them a badge to pin to their shirt (with a micro-lens camera), and have them trek the whole neighborhood; in the end, however, we agreed it would take someone with a trained eye to find what we’re looking for. So, it fell to me.
“Are they—they planning on changing the county tax?” she asks, fully invested. These houses are big, and extremely expensive, each house on a dozen of acres, most of it empty hills.
“They are, ma’am,” I confidently assure her, “but it’ll only go up for a vote if we get enough signatures.”
The foyer inside is professionally decorated, with a round table in the center, a vase in the middle of the table holding something that looked like the jutting root of a dead tree. Art, I guess. There’s a winding staircase to the side, and multiple hallways branching off in all directions. Again, nothing suspicious.
“Finally,” the woman asks and reaches out for the clipboard.
I flip up the census page of notes, to the petition signature page, and hold the clipboard out just enough that she has to reach for it. Her thin arm has no signs of bruising, no biting, nothing. She snatches the clipboard out of my hand, annoyed she had to reach. The pen drops and swings, dangling by a string attached to the clipper. She quickly pulls up the pen and signs her name, tosses back the clipboard, and shuts the door.
And with that, I head to the next house.
“At least she was friendlier than the last one,” chuckles Hannah.
I wait until I’m a good twenty feet away from the front door before responding.
“It’s the middle part in my hair – women can’t resist it.”
I stop walking and look around. In-between each house is seemingly endless space, more than enough room for thirty more houses. Seems like a waste, like the houses were built not only to be large but completely hidden, not just from one another but the general public, as well; there’s even an intimidating gate around the community, complete with patrolling guard in a supped-up golf-cart. I didn’t have to worry about the gate or the guard since I had immediately received permission from the neighborhood counsel to canvas. If there was one way to get the attention of the wealthy, it was through taxes.
“This doesn’t feel right,” I tell her, looking around like there might be some significant clue in the damn street.
A man had died, from unnatural causes, at a nearby school; this was his neighborhood. He supposedly drove from his house, which I hadn’t yet passed, while dying. The police report, or what we could salvage from it, had been thorough. Local street cams had enough to place him in the car, alone, on the short drive – but not enough detail for anything else. There were a few certainties: the cause of death, that his phone didn’t leave his house during the period between his last sighting alive and his drive from his house to the school, to pick up his child, while dying. None of it made sense.
The wounds were fresh.
It had to be local.
“What other choice do we have?” asks Hannah, knowing I’d been over it to death.
There’s nothing else to go on. I have no other leads. In fact, I’m not even sure it matters anymore. He’s dead but no one’s raising alarms; not his family, not his friends, not the cops or neighbors. (The vacuum of concern actually made it more suspicious, though the official release was a drug overdose; maybe everyone believed it because, why wouldn’t they believe the police?) His death, the real reasons, should’ve been national news – the murder at Six Flags was on national news first thing the next morning. But this guy, this death, it was like it never happened. And no one cared.
I was beginning to wonder, selfishly, Why should I?
It didn’t appear to be a string of murders; nothing similar had ever happened, so far as I could tell. Not in this area, at least, and we searched thoroughly. And the guy was kind of a dick. A financial advisor, someone I wouldn’t normally go out of my way for. I assume he was having an affair but it was circumstantial at best. He did have a wife and a child. And the dissatisfaction of not knowing what happened might drive me up the wall, like a jigsaw puzzle left half-built.
I finish walking the long driveway and get into my rental car. It had been my idea to park on the street and walk the long driveways, get more time looking around, but it hadn’t really done much. The houses could have torture chambers inside and I’d never know from their exteriors. Each one is so proper: the grass cut to an exact height, the many gardens tended to magazine-cover perfection, every inset stone sidewalk power-washed, and so on. The facades are grandiose yet somehow plain, each a simple white or light grey color, with large windows and detailed curtains. It’s simultaneously perfect and eerie.
“Everything around here,” I say to Hannah, just talking to fill a lull in our conversation, “it’s all boring. But it’s a creepy boring. I mean…there’s something about everything being so manicured. So uniform. Every house feels the same around here. I’ve visited seven houses and, truthfully, they all look the same in my head. Very Stepford.”
“What’s Stepford?” Hannah asks, then chomps on something crunchy. I can tell she’s walking around her room, one of the rare times she’s away from her computer.
“You better be eating something healthy…” Hannah doesn’t answer, just gives me a quasi-agreeing grunt. “Stepford Wives is this movie where a community turns all their wives into robots or something. I forget how it ends but there’s this neighborhood where all these wives act exactly the same. And it’s creepy because they’re all perfect wives—well, wait wait wait.” I try to head her off before she snidely asks about the perfect behavior of a wife, which in the movie was cooking and cleaning – but there’s an issue with the Bluetooth.
“—et—per—shit—ey…hey, can—ar me?”
Bits of her voice make it through and then it cuts out entirely.
I pull over at the next driveway and look for my Bluetooth charger. I thought I had charged it recently but maybe it wasn’t plugged in enough, and the charger isn’t in my car. I debate continuing without Hannah in my ear but consider it too monotonous and ultimately decide to go somewhere nearby to get a new one, maybe get lunch, take a break. There’s no reversing in the middle of the street but the neighborhood circles back around to the front gate. I pull out, pass the driveway, and continue around an uphill curve.
“—uckin’ broken—pment, stupid piece of—” continues Hannah, smacking something metallic.
“Stop cursing,” I scold.
“Oh, now you can hear me,” she says, annoyed.
“Yeah…” I pull the car over. “…now I can hear you.”
I check my rearview; nothing abnormal, just the street and a driveway twenty yards back.
Finally, something…
I slowly reverse.
“I think my—pment is—seless…” Hannah’s voice comes in, static-like, and cuts out entirely as I approach the nearest driveway once again; then I drive back up the hill as it curves and park in the same spot as before. “—ut smacking—esn’t work. Hold on, I may need to reboot. Your camera and GPS’re blackin’ out.”
“I don’t think it’s your equipment,” I tell her.
“Then what is it? Reception? It can’t be reception.”
I think for a second.
“What kind of instrument would I need to check for any sort of…radio frequency blockers?” I ask. It’s a subject with which I’m not entirely familiar.
“Check what? Like cell phone signals and stuff? Something that blocks them?”
“Yeah,” I answer. “Look it up for me, I’ll be right back.”
I reverse again – the Bluetooth cuts out – and park at the driveway.
Clipboard in hand, I exit the car, straighten the wide blue tie, tuck the big shirt into my brown slacks, and head toward the house. The driveway is straight for most of the way, curving toward the hill near the house and lined with small, black metal lampposts. I check my phone and see it has no reception, not that my smart phone’s reception is reliable – it’s been re-assembled with the camera, GPS, and mic removed entirely. The connection to Hannah is direct, not through a carrier line; it should work anywhere above sea-level.
The grass is cut short like the others but there’s no gardens around this house. No trees, either. I round the curve and the house comes into view. The view from the driveway overlooks the bottom-half of the neighborhood but the house itself is hard to see from most directions, practically built in the crest of a large hill; even for a neighborhood of tucked-away houses, this one’s especially hidden.
The looming house itself has a green-ish hue to it. I notice this at a distance but, approaching the front door, the hue seems to dissipate to a simple off-white. A part of me wants to stop and back away and see if it was a trick of the light, or something with the paint, or maybe just my mind playing with me – but I don’t, in case someone’s watching me. I’m not one to get especially jittery, not after everything I’ve been through, but I also notice that, the closer I get to the door, the more an anxious knot builds in my stomach. I can feel it in the air, something off, non-adjacent.
There’s a brown doormat with the words WELCOME BACK in white.
The door is a dark black, glistening as if recently painted.
No plants.
Plain curtains in a nearby open window, nothing frilly.
And just as I go to knock, I stop.
Inside, I can hear something. It’s too low to make out clearly but it’s rhythmic, like a distant radio.
Knock knock. Ring. Ring-ring-ring. Knock knock.
I wait a moment.
The distant hum of sound inside gets a bit louder. And a bit louder. The rhythm is familiar. Ba-BA-baaa-ba, ba-BA-baaa-ba, BAA-ba-ba-ba-bababa. But there’s no music – it’s just a singular voice. “In a cavern, in a canyon, excavating for a mine.
Lived a miner forty-niner, and his daughter Clementine,” I hear, the source still at a good distance from the front door. “Yes, I love her, how I love her, thought her shoes were number nine. Herring boxes without topses, sandals were for Clementine.” The male voice echoes within the huge house, bringing it closer, as the singer approaches the front door. “Drove the horses to the water, every morning just at nine. Hit her foot against a splinter, fell into the foaming brine.” Closer and closer still, louder and louder within the house and out through the open window. “Ruby lips above the water, blowing bubbles soft and fine. But at last, I was no swimmer, so I lost my Clementine.”
The clip-clap of flip-flops through the foyer.
The singer is belting it out and, truthfully, he’s extremely good. The notes are very specific, careful and precise, and the tone has lost the Hannah-Barbera, Huckleberry Hound silliness; it’s graceful, mourning, familiar yet haunting.
“Oh my darling, oh my darling. Oh my darling, Clementine. You were lost and gone forever, dreadful sorrow, Clementine.”
The door opens to reveal a short man in a Hawaiian-shirt and cargo shorts.
He stops singing.
We stare at each other, a stilted pause in the void.
“You were lost and gone forever, dreadful sorrow, Clementine,” he says in a low, flat tone, carrying the rhythm without belting it out—and then, suddenly, he lets out a hearty laugh and shoves out a hand. “Sorry it’s such a depressing song! Trochaic meter.”
I shake his, noting his tight grip and hairy arms – but, no scars.
He leans in, expecting to hear my name, the first person thus far to care.
“Um, Stephen Prince,” I tell him. “I’m here—”
“For the taxes, right?” he wonders.
“Yeah, I’m collecting—”
He cuts me off again.
“Signatures, I know, I know. I’m on the neighborhood counsel,” he leans in and puts his hand against the corner of his mouth, as if blocking any onlookers from reading his lips, and he adds, in a low voice, “Plus, Peggy down the hill just texted me complaining. Glug glug.” He pretends to drink from a bottle, insinuating she was drunk. He lets out another hearty laugh and introduces himself and then steps aside, inviting me in.
I accept and follow the man in the Hawaiian shirt inside.
The next few minutes are quick.
“Family from the area?” the man in the Hawaiian shirt asks as I cross over the threshold and into his home. He also takes my clipboard, as if to sign it, but instead glances over my notes, checks the signatures, and then holds on to it.
“No,” I answer—but, before he can respond, I follow up with a nasally, “I noticed my phone doesn’t get reception here, which is weird ‘cause I normally get it everywhere.”
“I block a lot of radio signals. Bad for the brain.” He waves his hand around his head. “Neighborhood hates it but I’m head of the counsel so they can suck a fat one.” He saunters off down a hallway, expecting me to follow the clipboard in his hand. He’s forcing me deeper into the house. “Like a drink?”
“No.” Never accept drinks from strangers, and few are stranger than this guy.
I follow the man in the Hawaiian shirt into his kitchen, where he pulls a large pink plastic water bottle from the fridge; the liquid inside is thicker than water, more like milk. He claps the wood clipboard onto the marble counter and sits on a stool. “From these parts? And you work for…the county?” I just nod and avoid eye contact and fidget, pretending to be shy. I’m actually soaking in the details of the house, or lack thereof. It’s almost clinically sterile, the only colors black and white aside from the ostentatious pink plastic bottle. It’s all symmetrical, in order, the black chairs neatly tucked under the wide white dining room table. The kitchen counter is neatly lined, spices and knife stack and cleaners.
“I do work for the county,” I say and reach for my pockets, pretending to search for a business card. I don’t actually have any.
“Clifford,” the man in the Hawaiian shirts says with a wide smile as his focus narrows solely on me, and he crosses the short distance between us with his hand extended. I introduce myself and apologize for not having a business card.
“You don’t need a card,” he chuckles; his laugh is bizarrely gruff. “Unless you and your girlfriend or wife wanna come to a show?”
Clifford in the Hawaiian shirt is throwing out a lot, fishing.
“No girlfriend,” I concede, again nasally, but I can feel my façade of nerdy county worker slipping against this man’s persistence. He sits again at the counter and signs the paperwork, adding a note on the top page. Even though his eyes aren’t on me, and he’s seated, I feel him circling me like a mountain lion. He’s sizing me up. He’s practiced, nuanced. And I take his bait. “What show?”
He pretends to focus on the sheet in front of him a bit more intensely, as if his response needs to hold on a moment while he looks over information he’s already seen, and none of which is pertinent to him specifically.
Finally, he looks up.
“Oh, sorry.” He smiles again; I don’t like it. “I just assume every knows who I am. I’m uh, a jingle writer by day. Any commercial you see on streaming networks, that’s me. Even most of the biggest networks, some jingle I’ve written’s gonna be there once an hour, at least.” He’s bragging, but I don’t see it as boast – he’s trying to get my defense down. How bad can a jingle writer be? he wants me think. “But there’s an entire amphitheater here.”
I pause.
He waits.
I can just smell him trying to work on me.
“Amphitheater where?” I finally ask.
“Here,” he quickly responds and stands and walks over to a nearby door.
He opens the door to a well-lit stairwell, less monochromatic. The walls are solid redwood, the stairs carpeting a slick tan. It’s much more welcoming than the first floor.
“Wanna see it?” Clifford in the Hawaiian shirt asks, smiling.
I check my watch.
“I actually have to get back to the county but…what shows do you put on down there?”
The deep nasal has lost my voice.
“We do lots of stuff. Instrumental, community theater, whatever we feel like. I built it into the hillside around the house so it’s much bigger than you’d think. There’s another entrance closer to the front door, much more formal. This is my entrance, don’t let it…” he trails off but I’m certain his next words were going to be “scare you.”
“I’d love to see a show!” I reaffirm him, letting him know I’m busy but not afraid. And just to solidify how helpless I am, I add, “I don’t know many people in the area so it’d be great.”
“Well, it just so happens there’s one this Friday at 7! It’s more expressionistic, kinda interactive art like an improv show. But there’s gonna be music and drinks, come! We’re always looking for new people to join us.”
He smiles, and it’s hard not to grimace.
“And…what? I just come here by 7?” I ask, sounding eager – enthusiastic, even.
“Absolutely. Park in the driveway. You can be my guest of honor.”
5
I start up the car and drive to the top of the hill, following the curve around to head out of the neighborhood.
“You there?” I ask once I’m clear of the house.
Hannah instantly responds.
“You asshole, where the hell did you go? What happened?”
She pauses, dead-silent, waiting for a response; it’s a possible first.
“We’re gonna need a bigger boat,” I tell her, quoting the movie Jaws.
Hannah doesn’t get the reference.
“A boat?! For what?”
“No, I’m…” I sigh, as the reference is unimportant. “We’re going to need a lot of equipment. I’m not sure I know what happened but I definitely know where. And we only have three days.”

Three days pass quickly, and it takes almost that amount of time for me to explain to Hannah how to correctly make a pasta bolognese while we work. Most of our work has long gaps in-between tasks and she’s eager to make a genuine home-cooked meal for her family.
“The sauce is the key. You need celery, stock—”
“What’s stock?” she wonders.
“Chicken or beef stock. It’s like a base but better than water. Do you even own a pan?”
I send three drones to Hannah by the first day’s end. She fits one with a specific camera that can hopefully detect interruptions in radio frequencies around the house; the other two are for surveillance. She protests when I refuse to meet her in person and instead have her leave them, boxed, as the local post office the morning after.
“How can you tell when it’s burning too much?” she asks, and I hear something chaotic on her end.
“Burning too much?—there shouldn’t be burning. You-you need to simmer – what heat do you have it on?”
“Um, high?”
I sigh.
“You might have to start over.”
We get an image from the first drone but it’s unclear, like an infrared cloud around the house. It’s helpful it a degree, giving us an idea of the radius around the house where we can use electronics – but it’s not definite so we take precaution. If any drone comes too close within the range of the house, it could malfunction from the electronic interference and drop out of the sky, into the lawn, leaving behind evidence. The other two drones are fitted with normal cameras and we station one overhead of the house, at a distance that keeps it from malfunctioning, and the other at the top of the hill for all traffic along the street.
“No, you want both tomato paste and tomatoes. Tomato, onion, basil, celery – they’re all going to exist in the sauce. The other one’s a thickener. The stock should smooth it out. You’re want the sauce, with everything in it, to run a bit watery because you simmer—NOT burn—the sauce down. And-and you definitely want to pour about a cup of the pasta water – the water you boil the pasta in – you want a cup of that in the sauce. BUT—well, we’ll get to boiling pasta later.”
“Wait…” Hannah’s slowed by all the information, a total role reversal between the two of us. I enjoy it immensely. “Tomato paste is…what again? Start over.”
“…Jesus Christ.”
Well, sort of.
“Just come show me.”
“Absolutely not.”
We compile a list of missing (and possibly missing) people from the nearby town, one that’s poverty stricken with house after boarded-up house – the same area that spawned Giant Igor. The death that started us on this journey might have been the outlier – maybe his circumstance was different, maybe he was one of the few found. No matter what, this wasn’t the first time (or the last) that something bad has happened here, in this area, in that house. I just know it, can feel it in my heart. When you do what I do for as long as I’ve done it, I just know. It’s like I can sense evil, feel it on my skin like a sticky mist. Clifford in the Hawaiian shirt exhibited a lot of the signs of a lunatic: superficial charm and kind of glib; inflated sense of self-worth; a constant need for stimulation, from singing to engaging me to building an entire amphitheater in his house; manipulative, easing information from me to find any immediate family or friends who might get concerned if I go missing; and rest, that extra bit, that I feel inside, it’s intangible. I can smell a lack of remorse in the man, how guilt or empathy would be something for him to emote instead of feel.
Whatever he’s doing, it’s not going to end any time soon.
I just don’t know exactly what he’s doing.
“Wine could go into the base,” I tell her.
“But where would I get wine?”
“Doesn’t your mom drink any?”
“No, they’re like Mormons. It’s so goddamn boring.”
“Okay, you don’t need wine. It’s just an extra element, it doesn’t matter as much. Wait, you can get pretty much anything but alcohol?”
“Yeah, crazy, right? I could hire a murderer or get a pound of cocaine but wine or cigarettes – nope.”
“I guess that’s a good thing – you shouldn’t be drinking or smoking.”
We profiled Clifford in the Hawaiian shirt, as well as the house blueprints.
Clifford Harrison Rockford is jingle man with a quiet life. No priors, came from upstate New York. Mannes School of Music in the 80s. Moderate success by the late 80s, significant success by the early 90s. I’d been listening to his jingles most of my life, apparently. There was little of significance otherwise. Awards, a brief stint as an adjunct music professor, some spots here and there in the public realm, but that was it. Nothing online, no social media, no web presence outside a profile from the agency that represented him and his music. The only interesting tidbit we could find about him, which Hannah magically stumbled over while searching scanned documents from his elementary school’s transition to current technology, and it involved disciplinary action against him in third grade when he came to school with a dead bird; apparently, the bird’s head had been removed and he had been keeping it in his pocket for weeks. The school took note of the incident but chalked it up to a boy just being a boy and the only disciplinary action taken was added counseling with the school guidance counselor.
The house is a lot harder to pin down.
A house had existed in the same spot years ago but, once the land was purchased by Clifford in the Hawaiian shirt, the existing structure was entirely removed. From there, the blueprints are split in three between several different structures approved by the county. The top portion, the first floor and top two, were a single entity. Rooms, stairs, closets, kitchen, bathrooms; a house in full. The other two projects involved construction into the hillside and beneath the house. The hillside had been hollowed out at some point, deep and rounded like an open-air Greek amphitheater, and then it was then covered with a reinforced concrete dome and blended back into the hill with what I assume is fake grass, as I had no idea there was anything other than a hill, even standing feet from it. The last, most recent project was a connection beneath the house structure and the interior hill-side amphitheater. Not one to really read blueprints, the overall picture I got seemed like a gaudy hallway with two entrances and one section, on the opposite end of the amphitheater and sort of off and out of the way, that didn’t have any obvious use.
“Pasta boils depending on thickness,” I tell her. “You want to add a smidge of—”
“How the fuck much is a smidge?” Hannah interrupts.
“Just pour a small amount of olive oil in the water before you boil it or put in the noodles. It helps coat them when you pull them out and adds flavor to the cup of boiled pasta water you’re going to want to add to the sauce after. Because once the noodles are boiled you can drain them but that’s when you finish the sauce. So you don’t start the noodles until the sauce is close. Then the cup of pasta water, then maybe turn up the heat a bit. The simmer should be bubbling—and you’ll need to keep stirring here so it doesn’t burn.”
“But how the fuck do you boil noodles and drain them and keep a cup for the sauce and keep stirring so it doesn’t burn and change the heat.”
“Carefully…?” I answer her (legitimate) question.
Hannah tells me about a police report from within the area we’re searching, made about three months earlier. A female (who refused to name herself) anonymously reported that women she knew to be prostitutes had disappeared over a period of months. After one went missing, she assumed the girl left; it’s not that they were friends, per se, but the police officer who took the report considered them “colleagues”. Then, another went missing, and the woman again dismissed. By the third, and fourth, the woman had noticed a pattern: some of these girls (she wasn’t sure if it was all of them) had been seeing a regular who would offer to take them out, instead of just sex in a car or hotel. In all, this woman considered there to be seven missing girls. The report was filed but no investigation was started.
“So you want to dice some of the veggies, some you can leave a bit bigger so that they have crunch. And we haven’t even gotten into the ground beef, which needs to be browned and drained of grease before you put it in the sauce. You don’t have to make it a meat sauce, though—”
“Is it more badass?” I didn’t really understand Hannah’s question. “Like, if it has meat in it, would that make it better? And be, like, super impressive.”
“Couldn’t hurt.”
And then there was a weird little explosion of information and questions, and again there were blueprints involved. Hannah had looked specifically for the plans from that specific plot of land in that neighborhood; when she went back, checking for more possible exits, Hannah sought it by year and not location – and stumbled on a series of county proposals for construction within the neighborhood. Each addition was a room in the basement of a dozen different houses, one with vague dimension and little necessity (no plumbing or electricity). Each was characterized as storage. When looking at the neighborhood from a bird’s eye view, and taking into account the position of every house in the neighborhood, and the location of the addition, it would appear that every addition just so happened to point in one direction: the house in question.
“How does it taste?” I remind her.
Hannah slurps off a wooden stirring spoon.
“Oh shit, it’s really good.”
“Put a little olive oil on your fingers and quickly massage the noodles so they don’t stick together before you put the sauce on. And DON’T put the sauce on the whole thing, just each plate atop the noodles with a spritz of salt and paper, and shake of parmesan. Is the sauce thick?”
“Yeah, kinda.”
“Okay, lower the heat to low and keep it hot but not burned, stir occasionally, and boom. Plate it up. You’re done.”
“Come eat some,” urges Hannah, proud.
“No. I have something else I have to deal with.”
Before she can respond, I disconnect entirely and head toward an address in Philadelphia. 
The rowhouse has an assuming green awning and three cracked steps leading to a short porch (minus decorations) with a loud screen door. I open and knock twice on the thin wood door and wait.
“Glad you could make it,” a voice says behind me.
It’s night and only the silhouette is visible. He moves passed me and smells of stall cigarettes; also, he’s taller but probably weighs the same as me, scrawnier. He opens the door and walks inside.
I follow.
He turns on a light in the front hallway and heads toward the living room, only giving me a side-profile. Again, I know his face from somewhere.
“Agent Nolan Lewis,” he says with a nod.
Lewis.
The name is vaguely familiar.
The living room is sparse, with an old, wide television hooked up to a small Costco DVD player. He pops the television on.
“I just want to show you something and then you can go.”
I remain silent.
Nolan pulls a plastic chair from a back corner and positions it in front of the television.
“Sit,” he tells me and I scoff.
There’s some light but it’s mostly static from the old television.
I move the chair out of the way so I can stand, arms crossed, and watch whatever DVD he’s about to show me.
“There’s a group, we assuming half-dozen, but right now we’re mainly guessing,” he says, pulling a cd case from off the top of the television. “But they wanted you to see this…”
He puts in the DVD and it starts immediately.

The child had been playing her viola in the living room. It was dark out, later evening, and it was even darker in the living room. Only the kitchen light was on, a bubble of fluorescent orange reaching out through the archway and edge of the room. She was sitting on the couch, bow in her right hand, blue-painted wooden viola in her left, cradled between her chin and shoulder. The side of her face was obscured by flowing blonde hair. She was focusing on a piece of paper in her lap. The scratchy chords of the viola filled the void of an otherwise silent house. It’s obvious the child had only recently begun learning the instrument, for every perfect chord struck there were two more jarringly off-key.
A shadow stepped into the kitchen light, entering the golden sphere stretched across the edge of living room floor. It was a long and peculiar shadow, exaggerated by the background light – too angular, too slender, like the body of a spider. The figure remained in the doorway, unmoving, watching the child play. The young girl turned toward the doorway, startled to find a figure in the archway staring intently at her. The light was behind the figure, making it difficult for the child to see clearly. She made a face and went back to her viola.
“Not funny, dad. That mask’s ugly,” she called over her shoulder, disgusted and a bit annoyed at being startled; then, the young girl said something inaudible under the long, scratchy chords she resumed playing. It sounded like she was proud, like she wanted her dad to see what she had been practicing, what she had learned, but it was partly mumbled and hidden under the viola notes, which sounded almost like Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
The figure entered the living room with an awkward, unnatural gait. Every step was measured, each step particular. The figure sat in a single chair on the opposite side of the room, facing the child but in a dark corner against the wall, beside a window. There was the hint of light through the window, either moonlight or streetlamp, and it illuminated sparse details of the figure in the chair. Something was in their hand that the child had yet to notice, as she was too preoccupied; it was just a black outline, thin and oblong. The figure had their head turned to stare at the child, and the mask became slightly more visible. The nose was a short, pointed beak. The eyes were large, shimmering black orbs. There was no expression on the white skin. They quietly folded both arms across their lap.
The child accidentally hit a high note as she played the final few chords of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
“Very good, Amanda,” said a deep voice.
The child’s body tensed.
Silence.
The man’s voice was somber, emotionless, and muffled by the mask, but the young girl knew instantly that the other person in the room was not her father.
She turned and remained frozen, the viola tucked under her chin, her eyes focused on the person, staring, trying to figure out what was happening, if this was a joke.
“Dad?” she finally asked, a tremble in her voice.
The masked figure stayed seated.
“This isn’t funny,” she pleaded, terrified.
Silence.
The viola slowly lowered from the young girl’s chin.
“Dad!” she called out, beginning to cry.
She only got as far as the couch.
The figure was instantly out of the chair—across the room—hulking over the girl, screaming, “BE QUIET!” His anger was sudden, deafening. Even from within the mask, his growl was so vicious, so guttural, it sounded inhuman. His arm was raised, the object in his right hand held high over his head. It looked like a billy club. “And don’t move. Please. Amanda.” The voice was again calm, detached. Slowly, the arm lowered back to his side. The mask tilted slightly as the person inside it studied the child; the figure leaned in and sniffed at the child through the mask. The young girl was terrified, shaking, her body burrowed into the cushion of the couch, her head down, her sobbing in staccato breaths. She was trapped, helpless, and she kept repeating “da” in an attempt to say “dad” or “daddy” but she was hyperventilating.
“He cannot hear you anymore, Amanda.”
(Her father was dead, something that had occurred just minutes earlier; in fact, her father could have been taking his final breath at that exact moment. The autopsy estimated that it took several minutes for the man to drown in his own blood. The coroner listed the cause of death as hypoxia, though blunt force trauma to the skull and face – shock and blood loss were also included as secondary causes.)
“Amanda. Look at me, Amanda. I want to show you something. I want to show you something, Amanda.”
The girl’s hands covered her face, not that it mattered. The masked figure set down the billy club, and, repeating “I want to show you something,” pulled the child by her feet until her body was flat against the cushions. She was still wheezing in short breaths, no longer capable of saying anything, but she did put up a fight. Her legs thrashed, her arms flailed. With the small amount of air in her lungs, young Amanda screamed in the face of her assailant. He ignored her and straddled her waist. He pinned both of her arms over her head with one hand. With his other, the figure began to dig into her eye socket with his index finger. Her scream never stopped, just faded into a cry from the back of her throat. He began grunting as he continued digging, deeper—

I have him cut the video off.
“I don’t know why they want you to see it,” he says, lighting a cigarette. “You might not, either.”
“How?” I ask him.
Things are beginning to connect in my head.
“How do I know they want you to see it?” He exhales a plume and reaches into a pocket and pulls out an old photo of me as a child. “There’s more. A lot more. There’s so much an entire task force is working coast-to-coast on this. It’s already in the news, in pieces. Soon, all of America is about to stop. And shudder. And check the locks on their doors. Hug their children harder. But you – you don’t get anything more, not yet.” He drags off his cigarette, ashes, and stares at me. “You’re a hunch. Actually, you’re my gamble. Everyone else, they see you as a sort of joke.” He drags off his cigarette and talks through the smoke. “But I want your help. Join me. You join me, every county looking to ask you questions, the federal government, everyone will stop. Your history – it’s gone. If you help me.”
I’m trying to understand the help I could provide this man. His resources are bigger, better by an exponential amount than mine. My background is no different than, say, a seasoned detective with a life of rookie mistakes.
“Sounds like…you want to use me as bait?” I surmise.
“Absolutely I do,” he agrees, “but what makes you think you aren’t already?”
For the second time in the day, I say I have something left to deal with.
When I leave, it’s without an answer.
This is different than anything I’ve ever dealt with before, ever seen before.
I tell him I’ve got a show to catch tomorrow night but I’d be back Saturday.
I’ve got to think about it.
6
They come in through tunnels wearing dark-colored, earthy-scented cloaks with hoods and distinguished 19th-century masks.
music cue
The underground amphitheater has crimson hues but it’s mostly dark mahogany. I’m not even sure there’s a stage, just an arena for carnal pleasure. They bring in local girls, the poor or hookers from the poverty-stricken area nearby; they have cells in the underground tunnels between each neighborhood house and the underground amphitheater - you know, just so they don’t have to find an entirely new set of girls (and boys, too, most likely) each time they have one of these “shows”.
It’s begins slow and grows hotter. Cloaks are dropped to reveal naked men and women but the masks, they stay on. Some of the captive girls are ready, as they’ve had their minds melted, or manipulated, or destroyed entirely through drugs or some form of psychotherapy. They enjoy the penetration, the pain, the force and anger that builds.
Soon, they’re all a single, throbbing mass of sex and pulling and gnashing and cum and passion, unbridled and unstoppable. They fuck and chew and beat and fulfill whatever wild impulse inserts itself into their brain. There’re so many bodies, so many wet holes and willing participants.
They’ll try to capture me. I expect to be drugged, free of inhibition, but there will be a physical element, too. They’ll expect me to protest so maybe I’m tied in the center or locked to the sidelines, but I’ll come armed with the ability to free myself. Every stupid choice becomes much smarter if you can stop it when you need to, and I’ll stop it. I’ll free myself of any chains, mime to any drink, keep myself prepared - it’s the only way I’ve made it this far. Be stupid but be prepared. Could be my mantra.
I’ll escape at the moment when I’m least noticed, considering how much else should be distracting everyone. I’ll sneak and head toward a secondary hallway, their secret entrance, which in turn leads to a tucked away region for the house boiler area. A quick tamper of the pressure release valve and temperature will create a bomb.
The next part is the toughest: sneaking from that back hallway to the main hallway. I’ll have to undress and blend and prepare or steal a mask that I won’t be able to bring.
Once in the opposite, main hallway, I’ll light a fire. Whether the stairs leading down or the main house entrance, I’ll make sure it lights and stays bright and spreads. The explosion will trap them, occurring about fourteen minutes after I set it. The fire will choke them. They’ll be trapped.
I’ll leave out the front door at the fire spreads and the cannibal orgy inside burns. The bad guys will suffer, they’ll stop, and it’ll all be over.

The show is amazing. Really, everything about it is amazing.
There are several dozen cars parked around the curb and driveway of the house when I arrive. It takes a solid 5 minutes finding a spot close enough—so the theory of an anonymous audience is out the window almost immediately, as there are about half-dozen people milling about or getting things from their car. No one’s sneaking in wearing cloaks, having a mass orgy, tearing people to shreds, with these people in the audience – most are older, grey-haired, predominantly white but not solely.
This doesn’t rule out the possibility that it happens; it’s just not happening tonight.
“This is where I leave you for a while, my dear,” I tell Hannah.
“Good luck. Don’t be a doofus.”
“I always hear it’s best to express feelings,” I say and inhale while there’s an audible sigh on her end, “but I appreciate you.”
“Aw,” Hannah responds. “I appreciate you, too. Be caref—”
The line disconnects as I get within a short distance of the house.
There’s a camera on the lapel of my button-up that’s recording directly to a small devise. I’m dressed in a nice suit for once, deep grey to match my eyes – as suggested by Hannah, since she had long ago found my real identity and found pictures – but also fitted, something I’d never done before.  The battery and portable storage system are wired into the lining, running down to the inside pocket of the suit jacket. Whatever the house is using to disrupt signals, this was designed to make sure a hardline recorder could surpass it. No matter what happens, it’ll be recorded to a device on my body; the odds on whether the jacket or body are recovered are unclear, though it’s seeming more and more likely that I’m not walking into some giant trap.
Though that’s usually what I think right before I walk into some giant trap, I remind myself.
I don’t notice the same things approaching the front of the house a second time. There are hues of the hillside green on the exterior of the house itself, which again is peculiar, but everything feels less calm, less uniform – it’s friendly and populated. Everyone smiles or nods an acknowledgment to me as I walk the driveway toward the front door; some even audibly say a quick, “Hi!” The cars along the ridiculously long driveway aren’t in a perfect formation, just pulled off on the grass to either side. Nice cars, many of them; probably all of them but I’m not a car guy. I do catch a Lamborghini and several Porsche. There’s also an energy in the air – not excitement exactly but more energetic, expectant. Pregnant with an air of comfort and familiarity.
The front door to the house is open and there’s a red carpet leading from the front threshold to open double-doors in main foyer. There’s no one in the house but I can hear a fair amount of noise coming from down the stairs. It feels weird but not for any malevolent reason, just the amount of trust that this man has for his guests – I could walk up to his bedroom and rob him, or steal things from his kitchen, root through his bathroom cabinets, hide and murder him when everyone’s gone, etc. This might be one of the biggest things that throws me off: the trust.
What the fuck am I walking into? I really wonder.
People shuffle in behind me and I walk the red carpet to a wide stairwell leading down, with gold banisters. I actually touch them to see if they’re just iron painted gold-colored but the smooth glide, and that they obviously weigh a ton, convince me they’re genuine gold.
The décor is very Overlook Hotel, ‘70s kitsch but well-done; and that’s just the stairwell leading down to the main area. I’ve never been an opera in Germany but the floral patterns and bright colors – bright crimson carpet, presumably golden chandelier overhead – lend an atmosphere of older sophistication. Yet, against one wall, there’s a “concession stand” but it’s more of a giant, free buffet with everything from popcorn to shrimp to Twizzlers (which I do grab a pack). There are crowds gathered together in little packs, talking and laughing.
Beyond this large, open area, there are more double doors leading into a wide theater—
“There he is!” I hear a jubilant voice calls out from somewhere around me. I turn and there’s a man in a suit. He extends his hand and we shake vigorously. “I didn’t think you’d take me up on the offer.”
Clifford Harrison Rockford. I know it had to be him, as who the hell else was going to know me there (except maybe as a county census), but it takes me some time to recognize him. He isn’t in a Hawaiian shirt, clean-shaven, straight-posture. He’s composed, smiling, and he speaks to me briefly in a very encouraging, inviting way. It all happens so fast that, by the end, the only thing I really note is, “My boyfriend’s in Italy for the week so there’s a seat next to me in the booth. I’ll show it to you in a second—” and then he excuses himself to run off after someone, calling back, “Help yourself to the food.”
I spend my time alone searching for possible entrances into the area though I doubt, wherever there may be some secret entrance, it wouldn’t be to the main area nor would it be obvious enough to visibly point out just standing around. I note the large amount of kids with parents, come for the show.
Cliff’s gone a moment, joking with some husband and wife that had just walked down, and then he’s back over and ready and he leads me into the large amphitheater. The rows of seats are widely space and comfortable, the floor a darker purple. Flowing curtains hang on either side of the large stage below. We traverse the aisles to an area sectioned off. “Sometimes I use this to conduct,” he mentions. There are nice seats within the area and there’s no row below it so there’s a clear view of the stage.
Others join us, all older white men, and we introduce ourselves. I recognize some of the names, though I can’t place them, and we sit. I’m mostly quiet but they ask me questions and I explain that I work for the county and make up a back-story about eventually maybe running for some form of public office, which makes a middle-aged man in a tired suit chuckle – one of the others explains that he’s the county D.A. Another man admits to being in with the police but doesn’t specify his position. Another’s a doctor and says he works for the county but doesn’t explain any further. It seems they all work for the county in some form or another except Cliff.
Now I can place the names, as they had been peripherally involved in my research. The D.A. that didn’t bring charges, an officer involved in the dead man’s report, and I’m fairly certain that the “county doctor” is actually the lead medical examiner that had sent out for the odontologist; I’m not certain of these details but I do have the odd feeling that puzzle pieces are assembling right in front of me.
The lights flicker as a five-minute warning.
The men use the time to complain about the county, partially as a group but also in asides to one another. They’re quick to jokingly blame me for an architectural zoning issue that caused an issue with the houses in that particular neighborhood, where most of them live. It was years earlier but apparently the basements weren’t “up to code” and had to be remodeled individually. It actually caused a large issue with the county as they had okayed the construction specifications and then, shortly after, changed housing foundational standards that most housing insurances would only covered up to 75%. This subject was still very sore amongst these homeowners.
And then the actual show begins.
“I was wrong,” I tell Hannah shortly after 4am. “I was wrong about everything…”
It could be the scotch but this realization hits me like a punch to the gut. I may make stupid decisions that put my life in danger, and I might do it over and over, but I’m not usually this off, this incorrect, this wrong. Everything, it feels like everything is off. The world is off its axis - I steady myself, drunk.
“What do you mean ‘wrong’?” Hannah responds, sleep in her voice.
“We’re done. It’s over. We were wrong.” I’m audibly distraught but even more so heaving breathless as I traverse the hill near the house with the underground amphitheater. I have to either sleep in my car or get an Uber. Definitely too drunk.
“You’re not making sense? What was wrong? So it wasn’t that guy? We look for someone else. I don’t understand.” She’s more pauses than usual, less confident and jovial and rapacious.
“Ssssssss wasn’t a murder…”
The show, not the one I just saw but the one where someone actually died, had happened shortly before the body was discovered in a car outside a school, parked in the pick-up line and unmoving.
The show I had just seen that night was incredible. There were three performing groups that had joined together to create a singular play utilizing their most disconnected elements as a weird, coherent glue. One group was an all-male choir; one was an improv group, with members of all race, age, and gender; and then there was a female ballet trio, obvious life-long professionals.
It wasn’t about something like a movie is about a protagonist overcoming some odds to win the day. This...this was more a feeling, a flow. Instead of story it was emotion, and a lot of humor from the improv group. There would be periods where they would come into the audience and interact while the women danced, and the boys choir would sort-of madlibs the audience reaction into their music. There was no band, no orchestra. Several times the choir was more acapella and less Greek-choir but the talented singers seemed capable of taking the music in any direction. Often, one in particular would step out and sing something from the audience participation - usually the emphasis was funny but it could cause any emotion depending on the line and the way he sang it; sometimes others would harmonize if the line were repeated.
The ballet trio would sometimes dance on stage together, individually, sometimes in unison and sometimes discordant, sometimes in the aisles. (One of them must have been a gymnast as she would use banisters for handstands and flipped forwards or backwards often.) They never stopped, though - not once the entire two-hour duration of the show. No one did, really.
Each group would interpret the music or audience situation but none of the elements felt disconnected; sometimes they would be distant of one another but instead of feeling uncoordinated, it was all-encompassing.
This was not the kind of show that killed a man.
The show that killed a man invoked 45 women. It was to be a show of
“The manifestation of hell for cheaters,” one of the men interjects, correcting Cliff’s explanation of it.
After the show, Cliff invited me to then Gentleman’s room, where a select few men would meet after the play to drink and talk. It was still a part of the amphitheater but sectioned off (so secret entrances weren’t out of the question though their talk of basement code regulation seemed to explain it away.)
Hannah hates the idea of the Gentleman’s room. “That’s such oligarchical, white-male bullshit…” her rant begins. She speaks so fast that it’s hard to hear her through the inebriation.
“Doooo…do you want to know what happened?” I interrupt.
There’s a pause, and then a quiet, “Yes.”

The private show had been a physical manifestation of hell. It had been private because of the content. Some were suitable for everyone; others had nudity or language. This was one was a special event. The man’s name was Daniel, a neighborhood man and influential in the community. He had communicated with the theater director, Cliff, to put on a show—not just any show but one that was intensely personal, an open-heart surgery of emotion through art.
You see, Daniel confessed to Cliff, I cheated on my wife. She doesn’t know but the guilt I feel…” he said, then explained how this show would represent his guilt. He had to get it out but if he told his wife he might lost his children and status and everything that was important. So he wouldn’t tell her; but he had to release this guilt. And his show would do that.
Cliff is occasionally hands-off on certain productions and, though he oversaw small aspects and had an idea of scope, he didn’t really know what to expect from the afternoon showing. He wondered about liability, a bit, as he does with any project; it only takes one loose stage-light to bankrupt a theater, he learned long ago. But, in this case – and as requested – Cliff kept a distance. He knew Daniel well-enough, neighbor and good husband. (The confession had actually been a bit of a surprise.) So, he let Daniel take the reigns of a single-showing performance.
The show had been beautifully horrific. The entire soundtrack was Sigur Rós, remixed to fit the action – which was forty minutes of a quasi-orchestrated torture. It began with Daniel and a girl in an unprofessionally choreographed, poorly-stage dance routine of seduction. And then more girls were on stage. Again, it was poorly choreography, but Daniel was not art theater major.
By the end, there were fifty naked girls on stage attacking him. They were ripping and biting at him as the lighting turned from a golden hue to a blood red. His redemption. And then, as he lay wounded on the stage, the women carried in a makeshift coffin and carried him out; well, technically, they carried him off stage and all the way back to his house, which cost more from the girls than the nudity.

The Gentleman’s room is quaint, a man-cave for a middle-aged gay musician. It has quirks, like a Who poster and a pinball machine, but it’s mainly couches, a small bar, musical instruments, and a giant television. Very middle-of-the-road – though, obviously, it’s extremely well-furnished and everything is outrageously expensive.
The six of us drink an old Scotch that Cliff brags “came from Lee Iacocca” in rocks glasses; only some of us request rocks, and I’m one of them. Every pour is generous. The chairs and couches are arranged, purposely, so that the focus doesn’t have to be on a television, that a group can sit around each other and talk. It’s amazingly comfortable and the men make me feel welcome.
In my brain, I’m still assuming they’re preparing to kill and torture me – but I don’t care. They’ve made me feel so appreciated and heard that the lies are a wall between me and talking to these smart men. I’m not technically their peer but, in each of all fields, we’re equal. My field just happens to be undefined, something between a private-eye and writer, but they don’t know that – and they don’t make me feel less for it even though, as far as they know, they have worlds more than me.
Without knowing who I really am, these men treat me as an equal – it’s not a stature thing, a male thing, anything other than six men talking about whatever they feel like. I had brought up the question of the worst play, trying to see if I could get any information on Daniel, the man who died – and immediately it’s Cliff’s first response. “It was a terrible show,” Cliff says, then confesses, “…but it did look real. We were cleaning stage blood off the stage for weeks – it was everywhere. We just kept finding it.”

I assume the girls brought Daniel back to his house. They might have known how much they did to him, how hard they bit him and maybe they took it too far; I’ll never know if he instructed them to fuck him up that bad, if he just had them leave him at his house and then left him in their homemade coffin, or what. And I don’t need to.
Two of the men in the Gentleman’s room definitely knew that Daniel had died from more than a drug overdose – the others, I’m not so sure. They convinced me it they saw a show and he left and went home and probably showed and then went to pick up his kid – but, the grief over cheating on his wife still got to him, and he (purposely or not) overdosed on some medication.
All of it was a goose-egg. The two men who knew had helped cover it up because they had seen it, been there in the audience, had seen the show. They knew there was no crime. What would they do, prosecute all the women that took part in the show; plus, it’d damage Cliff. He didn’t want any of this, it wasn’t his fault – as they genuinely made me believe. All of this was unspoken but I could tell that two men, especially the man I thought to be the lead medical examiner for the county, were much more sorrowful and quiet talking about the man’s show.
“This isn’t apophenia,” I tell Hannah, somehow pronouncing the word right, “because these people are all connected. They hire girls for these shows from the poverty-stricken area hoping to help them. Pay them, maybe find them a job. These men, they weren’t something I see very often…”
I stop.
Somehow, these men were good people and it hurt me more than if they had been murderers.
“We have a program,” one of the men whose name I didn’t remember tells me, “where we try to get them in rehab or a job – it really depends on their situation.”
“What’s apophenia,” asks Hannah, intently listening as I explain.
“It’s seeing coincidence where there isn’t any. And we were doing that,” I reassure, “it’s just that we weren’t looking at it right. The girl that was murder at Six Flags, she was in the show. Maybe her boyfriend got jealous, maybe it was something else. They mentioned her and we even fucking toasted her memory, as it was a shame. All of it, everything we found…it was wrong. Even the dude’s house – Cliff, the kitchen and living room were monochromatic because that’s how his boyfriend liked it. The amphitheater was his and it was lavish, totally made sense.”
Hannah doesn’t understand why this is such bad news to me, why it feels like it broke my heart and I’m so utterly destroyed by it.
“I came with lock picks, with a needle of adrenaline, a gun. I was ready…I was ready to kill everyone in that theater before I even got there. And I was wrong. I-I can’t explain what that feels like. I was wrong. Worse thannn just wrong – I was ready. Everything I’ve been through…I was wrong. It made me wrong.”
I couldn’t stop crying and repeating, “I was wrong,” so long I don’t remember.
After everything I had been through, I still knew nothing.
music cue


PERSEPHONE
1
JUNE, 1985
As a child, there was a period when I would tell my mother Queen Persephone (pronounced PER-SEF-EH-NEE) was talking to me on the upstairs baby monitor. My mother nodded as mothers do to nonsense, attributing it to my vivid imagination.
Then came a day when she heard me talking to myself in my bedroom.
“Why’s outside?” she heard me asking.
(As I was 5-ish, Why was a word I would use for all my questions as a child, such as Why’s time is it? or Why’s Scaredy? for Where is Scaredy?, our old dog.)
The question caught her attention and she cracked the door to check on me, mainly concerned that I might be messing with my bedroom window. She peered in and, as she suspected, found me leaning up against my (second floor) bedroom window, looking down—when to her absolute horror, a high-pitched voice answered.
“To take you home, angel."
It came through the baby monitor.
She approached me in a hazy sort of shock, too frightened to run or understand what was happening, and walked up behind me—
A blood curdling scream escaped her lips.
I was at the window because I was looking down at a person in our back yard, an adult in a black, full-body overcoat. Their face was covered in a tan, bird-like mask and dark-brim hat.
The person waved their gloved hand up at my mother and ambled off.
The police arrived soon after.
Someone had modified the upstairs baby monitor to send and receive specific radio signals, much like a walkie-talkie…which meant that, in order to do this, someone had been inside the house, up the stairs, and inside my bedroom.
The police found a mask hanging on a nearby sign post, as if on display. It was vintage, a mask modeled on the plague doctors from the fourteenth century, and from the mask they recovered hair, which was later identified as male facial hairs (and would become important much later).
The local officer confided in us that cases like this were appearing elsewhere in Southern Pennsylvania. Only recently had the county departments begun communicating with one another, realizing that each case was linked.
Once I had talked to the detective in charge and everyone left, my mom asked me what the stranger had wanted. I had been afraid to say anything earlier because I was young and embarrassed and I thought everyone would laugh, but I finally told her…
“Queen Persephone collects angels.”
2
JULY, 1985
The Tampa police received a call from a local hardware store…
A blender had been returned for a refund. The customer had claimed it was broken so, after they left, the store clerk inspected it to find the problem:
The blade motor was jammed…with hair.
Believing that the hair was human, the clerk turned the blender and motor and hair over to the authorities, who quickly established that it wasn’t human but animal hair.
Still concerned with the possibility that someone was blending up animals, the police decided to pay the unsatisfied customer a visit. Tracking him down proved difficult – he had walked to and from the store – but they hit a bit of luck while checking video surveillance from the local convenience stores, and the clerk at a nearby gas station knew the odd young man (as he had come in there often over the last few days), as well as the fact that he was staying across the street in one of the apartments.
“That young man’s apartment easily tops the list of worst things I’ve ever seen in my life,” Police Chief Hal Offanhitter would later tell reporters during a press conference in front of the station. “It was worse than a nightmare because nightmares don’t stink that bad.”
The suspect in question was J.F. Daley, an autistic 25 year old.
Everyone that had spoken with him said he was polite but socially awkward – like he didn’t know how to talk to people. The neighbors said he first appeared one week earlier - that one day he was just there, in apartment J5. They assumed he was taking care of the elderly woman who had been living there, and he even once claimed to be her nephew…however, there had been one incident (and it was the day before the police arrived):
It had been an especially hot July day when one of the neighbors noticed a stench and complained to the landlord; the out-of-town landlord called J5 and spoke to the young man, who said the issue would be cleared up immediately - he blamed the poor ventilation.
The police located the apartment but, in order to get in, the fire department had to bust down the door; then, they had to provide the police with oxygen tanks and masks just so they could enter the premises safely, as the rot had grown so overwhelmingly stagnant that it was suffocating to everyone but the young man, apparently.
The power was off and all of the windows had been taped over with newspaper, so the police were forced to search with flashlights.
The corpse of the elderly woman was in the bathtub, a mess of rotten flesh and organs. Her face had been smashed open. Pieces of her had been scattered around the house, including hunks of meat the young man had scratched off her body. In the fridge were several dead animals;local pets, wild animals, and road kill.
They found J.F. Daley naked in the bedroom, covered in blood and mucus and pus, scrawling senseless words and phrases on the bare walls, such as:
human eat human
you see me miss life
and one name, repeatedly…
QUEEN PERSEPHONE
His diet had consisted mainly of human and animal remains, though it had gotten so rank that he was using a new, high-powered blender to mix Coca Cola (from the gas station) with it.
“Most troubling,” Chief Offanhitter announced at the press conference, “is that we currently believe this disturbed young man has information that could lead to the man or men involved in a recent string of child disappearances in the northeast - information that could possibly save lives.”
Unlike most criminal interrogations, J.F. Daley lost all inhibition and talked at great length while in custody. He would nonchalantly pick the scabs on his acne-riddled face and describe murder after murder, rattling off name after name and place after place. The confessions of his misdeeds took no encouragement - and, maybe most odd, each story was told with a rare eloquence, as if he was very well-spoken.
But there was an issue with all of it…and it wasn’t that his confessions weren’t true; they were.
They just weren’t his.
J.F. Daley only had a history to the age of 14, and it was possible that he could have lived in each of the areas he described…except, with only a little bit of research, it was obvious that most of the crimes couldn’t have belonged to him. Some of the crimes were committed by other people, people that had already been charged with the crime and sentenced to prison; and some of the murders had happened when he was too young, murders that he would have been physically incapable of committing.
But, in every confession, J.F. Daley would list details that only someone intimately involved would’ve know. Murder weapon. Method of disposal. Location. Souvenirs. And every so often he’d mention the name and location of a crime that hadn’t been solved, or the location of a body that had no record, either because it had never been found or because it didn’t exist.
This led to a long list of questions: How does he know the details? Were the crimes wrongfully charged? Were others with him? And every confession only led to more questions, like the rant where he rattled off the names of missing children in Southern Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware.
The police had no idea what they’d uncovered, no idea that this disturbed young man was actually revealing to them a massive piece of evidence, not just about the missing children but dozens of crimes that had been committed across the U.S.
First, their task was to wade through facts and facts, detail upon detail, to differentiate the bullshit from the possible; and, to better understand what they were dealing with, here’s an excerpt from one of J.F. Daley’s many confessions:
“I accidentally slept with a dead body once in ‘74, when I was twenty-two” (he was 13 in 1974) “and I was still a virgin, shortly after I got into a frat.” (He had never been in a frat; in fact, he had never been to college.) “My frat brothers decided to surprise me for me for my twenty-second birthday by hiring a prostitute - so they went into the city and found a young street girl in South and they paid her to come back for the night. I was in class all day (it was actually the day before my birthday) and they stayed home and set up the house for a party and one of the brothers’ got a boatload of cocaine from his father’s friend, and they got a keg and hard liquor, pretty standard for our parties back then.”
With some confessions, his voice and mannerisms seemed to change. He sat differently. His diction was different. The glaze in his eyes faded, replaced with focus, determination; sometimes playful, sometimes mischievous - it was as if he was embodying someone else.
“I finished class and returned home to find that they had set up a surprise party and all our friends were over, music blaring, everyone drinking. They got me drunk - very drunk, very quickly. And then they told me that there was a prostitute naked in my bed, waiting for me. So I went into the bedroom and there she was, a young naked girl lying on top of my blankets, snorting coke off my bedside table. I was so nervous - very, very nervous, and drunk, and she calmed me down and made me feel better, and she suggested we turn out the lights so I could undress - and then she would take care of it from there. And she did, directing me into her - but I orgasmed too quick.”
He laughed as if this were some humorous anecdote he was sharing at a cocktail party.
“Afterward we turned the lights back on and lay in bed snorting coke and drinking for a bit before I got uncomfortable and turned the lights back out. I hadn’t expected to sleep because of the cocaine – so I waited until I again found…more stamina, you know? And then I got back on top of her. But this time she didn’t direct me. She laid still and let me do it all. She did make a gurgling sound that I thought was a female orgasm while I went down on her - but then I was back up, flipped her over, humping her harder and faster until I orgasmed inside her harder than I probably ever have before. Greatest orgasm of my life.”
He chuckled.
“After that, I left her and went back to the party to brag about losing my virginity, and we continued drinking and I passed out on a couch in the living. The frat boys must have thought the prostitute was asleep in my bed because the autopsy found traces of semen from seven different men, post mortem. Toxicology report said her heart stopped - cocaine overdose. Couldn’t handle her shit - probably because she was only sixteen.”
J.F. Daley licked his lips, a fire in his eyes.
“A lot of us were expelled…but I don’t think the actual situation - of fucking that dead bitch - I don’t think it had the same effect on the others. They were upset. To them, the entire thing was awful…but she had died while I was inside her - I had felt it. And it was…amazing - very much like the first snow in winter, when the ground is untouched and pure and beautiful. Her skin had a shallow warmth that slowly faded until it was cold and almost wet. Her body - so unnaturally still, so stiff…just letting me touch her, kiss her, love her as a body and not a soul - no beating heart, no further words.”
J.F. Daley smiled as his story ended with the following admission:
“Tell you this much: I never slept with a dead body on accident after that.”
It took a short time for the police to locate the origin of this particular confession but, since J.F. Daley had recited it verbatim, including each mannerism and fiery glance, it was found to be a recorded confession from a death row inmate in Arkansas.
There is a rare condition called psychosomatic recall; or, a photographic memory during instances where the senses are most peaked or stressed. It’s an uncommon conditioning of the brain caused by extreme trauma, and certainly contributed to the peculiar behavior of murderer J.F. Daley. He seemed less of an individual and more an amalgamation of other people’s extreme occurrences.
There was one “person”, though, one creature that he spoke fondly of, someone that must have been with him, someone that he drew obsessively while in custody. It looked like a human skull with wide, hollow eyes and a long beak; a sort of ghoulish half-man/half-bird hybrid whom he spoke about at great length.
“If Queen Persephone had the means of doing so,” J.F. Daley had said, beaming proudly, “she’d kill masses of people and bring about The Catastrophe.”
The police brought in a psychologist – whose diagnosis was that J.F. Daley had had a psychological break early in life and, since then, he’d been unable to tell the difference between his cognizant self and his vivid, photo-realistic memory. The young man was no longer a sentient person but a walking consolidation of every crime he had ever heard or witnessed; a one-track mind of gruesome detail. And it all seemed to stem from a crime the Texas Journal headlines labeled “The Trailer Park Massacre”:
JUNE, 1974
It happened in the back-end of a trailer park in northern Texas.
J.F. Daley was about thirteen years old, an average-looking, bleach blonde, blue-eyed boy. Little is known about the family: his father usually wore a white shirt and jeans, his hair moderately unkempt, skinny frame, stern demeanor; and his mother was in her early thirties, with a quaint appearance, often described as quiet.
They lived at the end of a cul-de-sac with three other trailers and, though none of the families were particularly close, they would all gather together with their neighbors for a block party every Friday evening. One of the residents would brew their own beer while another would play music, and the Daley father always cooked up the best BBQ. The adults would drink and socialize. The kids would run around playing – all of them except “the Daley kid” since he was shy and older than the others. J.F. mostly spent his time alone behind the trailers.
Then, one day the police were brought to the Daley house. The local children had been playing behind the trailers, where the Daley kid usually spent his time, and it was there that they found a mass grave of local pets and wild animals, even road kill – each carcass skinned and mutilated, some of them even chewed raw.
A neighbor later confessed that he had once seen the Daley kid “lure a puppy into a potato sack” but that he had thought the boy was playing. (It is believed that the boy would catch wild animals by filling a sack with meat and then closing the bag whenever an animal climbed in; then, he would swing the sack against trees as hard as he could until the animals were dead.)
The police were speaking with his parents about charging the boy with animal cruelty when an officer excused himself to the bathroom…and that’s when he caught a whiff of something horrible – a very specific scent:
The acrid stench of rotting.
Assuming more local pets had been hidden under the trailer, the officers examined the crawl space and found something much larger – the body of a young girl who had been missing for weeks. Her body had been wrapped for preservation but the wrapping had cracked, leading to the stench beneath the bathroom.
And the police also found several pounds worth of human meat in the fridge, including partial remains from bodies that were never located or identified, and that’s when they realized that it wasn’t just the Daley kid…
It was the whole family.
They were cannibals.
During the only confession he gave to the police that actually involved himself, J.F. Daley said, in a shy, mournful voice:
“I can remember biting into someone that was still alive.”
“How old were you?”
“Maybe five or six. They were…gagged, and their scream sounded funny. Dad would string them up and bleed ‘em out like pigs over a bucket. He used to let me hold the bucket. They’d be strung upside down and he’d slit,” and the young man pantomimed a slit from ear-to-ear, “right across the throat. Then he’d use blood in cooking. He said it was the best kinda of salt for his BBQ sauce.”
His parents were sentenced to death (his mother was executed in 1998; his father died of heart failure in 1994) but the Daley boy just seemed to disappear one day. He was remanded to a boy’s mental health facility but never arrived, vanishing entirely – until July of 1985, in Tampa, Florida.
It was as if he had been kidnapped.
3
JUNE, 1985
Detective Frank Lewis was overweight in the midsection and balding, his hair resigned to mere scruffs of light brown atop his head. I met him once when he came to my house, after Queen Persephone had visited my home and spoken to me on my baby monitor. His eyes come to mind when I think of him; they had been kind, tired eyes, yet still intensely focused, and it had reminded me of my school teachers. When he asked me questions about what I had seen, he got down on a knee to be eye-level with a five-year-old. It had really mattered to me at the time, I distinctly remember, that he made the effort to be my equal in the situation. Close up, he had the face of a father, creased from frowning and wrinkled like a forgotten suit…but also knowing, disciplined. Patient.
He certainly didn’t come off as a hero but, then again, I guess most heroes don’t.
Det. Lewis had been the first man assigned to oversee the three kidnappings in southern PA. Three children had gone missing in three separate counties over a period of five months and each county had responded separate of one another, acting as if each missing child were an independent case.
Within hours, he had determined that the same person or people were involved with each kidnapping:
A beige Oldsmobile had been spotted in the area on the day of each occurrence.
The incidents were in broad daylight.
The same boot prints were found in the back yard of two scenes.
All of the children were white males around the age of 5.
I would have been the fourth child in PA; luckily, my mother intervened and the serial kidnapper left me behind, as well as his mask, which led to the fourth piece of evidence:
Male facial hair fibers.
When it became apparent that the cases were linked (as well as others), the U.S. Attorney General assigned an FBI task force to unify all recent kidnappings in PA with the similar disappearances in Maryland and Delaware.
In addition to the FBI, however, there was a special request for Frank Lewis to serve as police liaison and second-line detective, as extra manpower.
Frank immediately ignored the request and continued to work on the case alone.
The DMV told him that there were over 1,400 beige Oldsmobiles in southern PA (over 5,000 if he expanded the area to MD and DE) and that it would be impossible to narrow it down without a license plate. The boot prints found in the soil of two locations belonged to a common, generic brand that could have come from any thrift shop in America. And the hair fibers came at a time when DNA evidence was in its infancy - there was no database to match it up, no Megan’s Law to find local offenders, etc.
By the beginning of July, I was still the only witness that could detail the person that had called themselves Queen Persephone, and my description was vague at best: someone that sounded like a girl, like a bubbly fairy, wore an overcoat and bird mask, and wanted to collect “angels”.
Det. Lewis was forced to wait for this Queen Persephone to strike again.
And then came a day when the phone rang…
“Is this Frank Lewis?” a voice asked.
“Yeah,” answered Frank.
“We got a fella down here,” spoke the casual drawl of Tampa Police Chief Hal Offanhitter, “might have some info on kidnappins in yer area.”
“Have you told the FBI?”
“Yeah, I don’t think they’re taking this seriously. Contacted an agent involved in the kidnappings. Dead bodies that’ve already been charged ain’t exactly their priority right now. Neither is some autistic kid spoutin’ off lies. Their focus is the kidnappins – an’ one of them sons ‘a bitches got me holding onto this kid, promising they’re gonna come pick him up sooner or later, but they don’t seem to be liftin’ a damn finger about it.”
The two men finally got around to introducing themselves to one another and nearly skipped all formalities, as was customary during investigations.
“What kind of info do you have, exactly? In Florida, you say?” Det. Lewis was confused.
“Yeah, we down in Tampa. Here’s the thing…we don’t know exactly what it is we’re dealing with here, to be honest.” He sighed, disconcerted, and explained (as best he could) the situation involving J.F. Daley, the young man they had in custody, and his many confessions.
“And he mentioned the missing kids in PA?”
“Yeah, in PA,” he read off a list, “Maryland. Delaware, too. All recent. Also fessed up to near’on fifteen murders across just about every state north’a Virginia. We got, ugh, let’s see…” Offanhitter was reading someone else’s handwriting and kept having issues and cursing under his breath, even yelling out to the person that had written it, calling him a bastard “…we got six murders already been solved…in Connecticut. Mmm…mmmugh…Maine?—Goddamnit, Barry! You bastard, your scribbles are driving me goddamn insane—and New York. Got three cold murders in Pennsylvania and Ohio, one of which happened when this kid was like 2 years old – so his involvement is highly unlikely, if not goddamn impossible. And all that’s just to start. He’s prolly in there confessin’ to Jimmy Hoffa’s disappearance or something-goddamn-else right now. Kid’s been rattlin’ these murders off without rhyme or reason. Thing that’s got me worried is that he mentions bodies that ain’t got no record…”
“What do you mean?” Det. Lewis asked. His interested in the situation was growing by leaps and bounds.
“Well, if he’s confessing to crimes that already happened—that he wasn’t involved in, then what the hell is he confessing that we don’t know about? Crimes that ain’t even been recognized yet? And if that’s fuckin’ true, how the fuckin’ hell does this kid know about ‘em?”
The more Offanhitter talked, the more confused Det. Lewis became. It was like working on a puzzle where none of the pieces matched, and then someone else walks up and pours more pieces all over the place – pieces you’re not even sure belong to the original puzzle.
“I don’t get it,” Frank finally admitted.
“Well, he could have been reading police reports his whole life, watching crime scene videos and interrogations and confessions and so on, and he’s just reciting them back to us. I mean, we don’t know what the kid’s been up to the last ten years but I know for certain he wasn’t out there becoming the most prolific serial killer in U.S. history – the kid could barely buy soda from a gas station without drawing attention to himself.”
“But the things he’s saying check out?”
“So far. The details he’s giving us are real,” continued Offanhitter. “We got an office full of people calling all over the northeast verifying everything – seems it’s all legitimate…except he ain’t the one that did it – we’re not even sure he did anything he’s confessing to. And he’s yet to confess to the murder we picked him up on. But still…one of the crimes was in Connecticut just two months ago. And he knew all the facts. I mean, I just don’t got no idea what he’s doing. How and who learns this shit so that they can confesses to murders they didn’t commit? The hell’s the point’a that?”
“Did he confess to grabbing my kids in PA?”
“No…well, not the missing PA kids…”

“I used take my ‘daughter’,” he held up air quotes for the word daughter, “to a playground near our house in Columbia. She was blonde and mousy and we went one week and while we were there, another child was swinging alone. He was dressed nice, as if for Sunday school even though it was a weekday. The reason I noticed him was because he was alone. Sometimes I saw older kids alone but never one as young as five, which he appeared to be. I encouraged my ‘daughter’,” air-quotes again, “who was also five or six at the time, encouraged her to swing next to him. We were playing and being silly as always but the boy was swinging slowly, quietly. Eventually I flat out asked him, Where’s your parents? He said they would be there soon. I asked him his name. My name is Cooper. His words were morose, his skin a bit pale, his eyes and hair dark. I kept an eye out and we moved on from the swings but I let the boy slip from the front of my mind. When we were heading to our car I didn’t see him but as I pulled away and passed the park once more on our way home, I saw him again swinging slowly, head down.
“A few days later I was driving passed the park. Again, the boy was there, swinging, head down. Again, he was dressed in what looked like his Sunday best. Again, he was completely alone but this time there were no other people in the park (or even anywhere close by) and it was nearing nightfall. A dangerous place for a young child alone. I pulled up close to the swing set and got out and approached the boy. His head was down. I asked him, Where are you parents? and he answered, They will be here soon. His words were morose. But they’re not here now? The boy shook his head no.
“So I fucking snatched him.”

Chief Offanhitter explained that the confession described the unsolved kidnapping of Cooper Henry from a playground in Columbia, Maryland, circa late 1983.
“Had all the details, knew more than Maryland P.D. had on the case – knew the boy’s outfit and the time of day he was taken,” Offanhitter said. “And it’s unsolved—so how does someone confess to an unsolved crime that took place half-a-country away?”
“Maybe he knows the kidnapper, got the information second-hand…”
“So the kid knows a kidnapper that just happened to confess to him—and a kidnapper in the northeast nabbing children the last six months? Doesn’t really pan out unless it’s the same kidnapper, which is possible but unlikely since the cases this kid keeps spouting off seem entirely unrelated…”
“What other option is there?” Frank wondered.
“We’re trying to find some sort of police warehouse or something, a place where this kid might have stayed and read all this info…but the fact that he might have known these people, interacted with some of them – that’s a line we’re trying to follow, as well. But getting the facts we want out of this kid is goddamn impossible. Sure, he gives us fact after fact but it only leads us farther away, like trying to nail Jell-O to the goddamn wall—goddamnit, Barry! You bastard, is this a message or a fuckin’ sketch of a goddamn fuckin’ vacuum cleaner?” he interrupted himself to yell across the room; then returned. “FBI keeps saying they’re comin’ to grab the kid when they got time, telling me to hold him in our cells until they can find him space and ship him north, but the pick-up keeps getting deferred, keep saying they’re low on space and manpower to fly down and grab him…”
“Could someone fly him up?”
“Maybe. Definitely not until next week, though. We got open cases down here, too, you know. Got any leads ‘sides this mind-fucker we got in our holding cell?”
“Some boot prints. Suspect description: over coat, dark-brim hat, bird mask—”
“Really?” Chief Offanhitter sounded interested.
“What?” asked Det. Lewis, a bit guarded.
“Well, the kid keeps drawing creepy bird faces. Says they belong to—”
“Queen Persephone?”
“Yeah, exactly. And we found something in his stuff, in the things he brought with him to Tampa. Bag of garbage mostly, but there was a negative—uh-uh-uh, like a picture that ain’t been fully developed yet, like one of those monochrome pictures. We found it in his stuff. Tried finding a source but it was so old and dirty…got us nowhere. I’ll make sure we send it.”
“Picture of what, exactly?”
“My guess? It’s your suspect.”
4
Bryan Thomas was wearing his favorite gray PJs. He loved them most because they made him feel like He-Man, he had told his mother. And lying in bed, he was drifting off to sleep…
When his baby monitor chirped to life.
“Bryan,” the bubbly, high-pitched voice whispered, “I’ve come back for you.”
Bryan jumped from his bed and ran to the window, which was on the second floor and faced the street in front of their house. A shadowy figure was near the mailbox, just beyond the reach of light from a nearby streetlamp.
“You hewur, Qween Pe-sefeeny?” asked Bryan, with a speech impediment – he had a rough time saying Rs.
“Yes! And I got a present for you, Bryan,” exclaimed the high-pitched, supremely pleasant voice, though still in a hushed whisper.
“Where?” Bryan asked, inching closer to the window as if he would be able to see the present if only he looked closer and harder at it.
“It’s in your basement, angel,” the voice answered. “I put it near the bottom of the stairs.”
Bryan liked that. He knew his parents were in their bedroom watching television, that they’d never hear him if he snuck downstairs for a quick second. Before another word was spoken, he was in the hallway, scooting along the wall. Past his parent’s door. Down the first stair, the second. He skipped the third stair because it creaked. Then he was down all of the stairs and sneaking through the living room hallway, to the basement door. The house was dark and nearly impossible to navigate, silent and eerily void, like an entirely different home.
Bryan opened the basement door slowly so that it didn’t make a noise.
The basement light was already on.
He ran down the old basement stairs, no longer worried about the creaking sounds; he was far enough from his parents that there wasn’t a chance of being heard.
He eagerly searched for the present but found nothing except the house pet. “Fe-wix,” he called out, as his cat Felix was nearby, “did you see a pwesent?” The cat didn’t respond or move. The black and white tabby was paused near the radiator and staring up, his attention fixed on something.
Bryan called the cat again but Felix didn’t budge, too content staring up at something behind the radiator, at something Bryan could just make out—and then it moved.
“Qween Pe-sefeeny?” he asked, trembling.
“Yes, my angel,” answered a sweet voice.

Det. Frank Lewis knocked on the door of Phillip Noyce. He knocked again. And again. No answer.
The ranch house looked deserted, even condemned. Graffiti scarred the exterior. Trash littered the lawn. Windows were broken. Frank knew ole’ Phil was inside. He could sense him—part of an extra sense he had developed over the years, the feeling of  looming scum.
“Open the goddamn door, Phil!” Det. Lewis hollered. He was holding off on threats but had one ready, if need be.
It was dark on all sides of the house except the front doorstep, which was lit only by a beaming white fluorescent bulb poorly hung overhead. It was also a bit foggy, a bit damp. The rancher was buried in a thicket of forest near Lancaster, PA, right between the rural and suburban, but tucked away so it was hard to find, secluded.
“Open the door!” He finally fell back on threats. “So help me, I’ll kick this fucking door in and bring you up on a charge of evading!”
Phillip Noyce was one of the few convicted pedophiles on record with access to a vehicle and a location central to the areas where children had been abducted. And Frank personally knew this bastard from Phillip’s days cruising the streets for children in New Jersey. Frank had personally charged him, watched his sentencing, and took note when, seven years later, Phillip was released on parole (against his recommendation to the hearing board). Det. Lewis always leaned on Phillip Noyce because he didn’t like him – Phillip was free but not reformed – and he tended to know some creeps lurking in the area.
A scuffling, movement, a light inside, and the door opened.
Phillip looked dirty, as always. His hair was thick with grease, his skin a sickly sallow color, with a thin, misshapen mustache above his lip that fell uneven on either side of his pale lips – even at a glance, he looked like a pervert.
“Entertaining guests?” Det. Lewis asked, pushing his way into the house. The screen door was already half-broken and the little shove helped dislodge it further and the entire frame of the door crashed inward in a loud, metallic crinkle. Det. Lewis tossed the entire screen door and frame effortlessly behind himself as he walked in.
The house smelled of old, dried-out garbage. Spills and smears of dirt and shit and Lord knows what else pockmarked the carpet. Bugs visibly crawling on the couch. Det. Lewis shuddered and continued through the living room, ensuring no one else was hiding. It was a small place and he covered each room and its many corners quickly, finding little evidence of anything other than a disgusting lifestyle.
“Who’s taking those kids, Phil?” asked Det. Lewis; they had been entirely silence until this point, with Phillip following behind (at a distance) while nervously rubbing his right hand over his left bicep and shoulder.
The detective turned around and glared at the shrugged non-answer. He edged Phillip Noyce through the kitchen threshold and into a chair in the corner. The narrow room was poorly lit in orange from a dying bulb over the kitchen table. Dishes lined the counter, all of them caked in brown and unwashed. The smell of the blackened, moldy sink was so god-awful that Frank avoided that entire side of the kitchen.
Frank didn’t actually believe Phil had any pertinent information. Sometimes it was just good to scare the predators, make sure they knew the jungle ain’t a free-for-all.
“I-I-I have no idea,” Phillip answered quickly, nervous.
Det. Frank Lewis immediately saw the nervousness.
“You son of a bitch,” he started, flabbergasted, “you do know something, don’t you?”
He grabbed a chair and shoved it at the dirtball.
Phillip’s eyes were growing more worried with each passing second.
“No-no-no, look, I don’t know anything. Nothing, really. It’s just…”
“Oh ho ho,” Det. Lewis got excited, “I’m all ears. What do you know?”
“In…in prison. There was this guy. He-he always…he always sort of talked about this group he had heard about, like-like-like a rumor. Out in the middle of nowhere. Said the group’s been hidin’ bodies everywhere, takin’ kids. I-I always thought the guy was fulla shit but it-it just reminds me’a him. Is all…”
Det. Lewis kicked the nearby table, which made a loud clatter and startled Phillip.
“Information’s lame, Phillip. Some asshole loudmouth in prison – a tip worth shit.” Frank got closer, though not too close as he could tell Phillip had fleas and probably lice – if not worse.
“I know—I know,” Phillip winced, hurriedly speaking, acknowledging it wasn’t much in the way of substantial evidence, “dude was a freak—it was stupid. It’s really all I know, I swear—he was just talking bullshit, I’m sure. Nonsense. Psycho was always talkin’ about some Princess Pressany or some shit like—”
“Wait,” Det. Lewis stood up. A switch flicked inside him and he stopped intimidating, stopped looming, stopped entirely. “What?”
“He was a psycho, lame, you know, not shit or anything,” continued Phillip, still speaking quickly, still worried Det. Lewis was going to hit him.
“No.” The detective was remarkably calm. “Who did he talk about?”
“Some freak he called Princess something or something, I don’t remember – it was all fucked…”
“Queen Persephone?”
Phillip stared up at Det. Lewis, speechless.
He nodded.
“What else did he say?” asked Det. Lewis.
And then the power went out.
5
“It’s the generator, she always done that,” Phillip admitted.
“Is it gonna come back on?”
A moment of silence.
“If you’re nodding your head, Phillip, I can’t see it. Because of the black fuckin’ darkness, you idiot.”
“It probably needs gasoline,” a timid voice responded.
The moderately overweight Det. Lewis stood where he was, shifting his weight in the dark kitchen, careful not to touch anything since the chairs and tables around him were just as disgusting as everything else in the rancher, so he stood over Noyce as he asked the questions. The grease ball pervert knew more than he let on. Something wasn’t gelling.
The threat switch went back on.
“So your prison pal just up and tells you of a string of hypothetical murders and you just nod and listen.”
“No-no-ye-yeah, he told me. He said they been hidin’ bodies forever but they don’t never keep no evidence—”
“Better watch those double negatives, boy,” Frank warned, audibly lifting the shadow of a fist as if he were about to deck Noyce. He wasn’t sure if Noyce could see it, nor was he especially serious, just winding up the pedophile; he knew that, sometimes to get at the right information, he had to attack. And attack. And attack. Not always physically (though that was sometimes necessary) but always psychologically, like a boogieman that will take something more precious than your life – he’ll take your freedom. Threaten their livelihood; threaten the things they cared about; beat at them over and over, shake ‘em up until they don’t know what’s what. Same concept as holding something upside down and shaking it so everything loose falls out. Noyce might know something and not realize its’ importance. “I can hear you lying, Phil. You ain’t telling me something…”
Frank was just about to get angrier when a creak came from overhead.
Both men looked up, toward the ceiling, in the pitch-black kitchen.
There was a moment of silence.
“Who’s on the roof, Phil?”
Det. Lewis glared at the shadow of Phillip Noyce sitting in front of him, and he could sense that the man’s body had further tensed up, could feel an immense fear in him. If the light was on, Frank was certain that there would be a horrified look on the pedophile’s face. The man was more scared of whatever was up on the roof than he was of the detective, of that he was certain.
Whatever was on the roof, Phillip Noyce didn’t appear to have invited it.
Det. Lewis removed his gun from the holster under his armpit and backed enough to keep a wall behind him, depriving anyone of the ability to sneak up on him in the darkness (though he made sure his back didn’t touch anything, as the place was covered in filth and he’d probably get hepatitis).
Phillip tried to speak, obviously distressed, but Frank ignored his pleading and instead cuffed him to the radiator, ordering him to, “Stay put.”
“They’ll kill me!” whimpered Noyce.
“Who? Who’s they? Who’s up there?”
Noyce stopped speaking. His body was shaking.
“If I come back and you’re gone, I will find you. And I will shoot you.”
With that farewell, Det. Lewis began wandering blindly through the rancher. He had no idea how he might get on the roof from the inside. Might not be an access through the ceiling. He thought a moment, circling through the dark living room, the gun pointed out into the darkness. Shadowed edges, furniture, junk, dirt, stink…nothing moved.
thump-thump-thump-thump—another noise from the roof, like running.
Det. Lewis charged after the sound, toward the front door.
And then he was outside, surprised to find the porch light still on. It was welcome, the white fluorescent beam hanging over the front doorstep. (It dawned on him that if the generator had died, the overhead light would have, as well; therefore, it must have been circuitry, something that had only cut off the main power to the house.) Forest and a moist fog covered the night. He turned and pointed his gun up at the roof of the rancher, backing step after step into the driveway while searching for whatever was on top of the house. It was impossible to see much, especially with the glaring white light. His eyes lowered and darted for the nearest object to scale so he could climb for the roof. There was an air conditioning unit—
A shuffling just overhead.
Someone was right there, on the roof just above him.
Frank caught a glimpse of the figure but it was just a silhouette without any real definition – tall, slender – a person just staring down at him, their head crooked at any odd angle.
He pointed the gun up and called out—
But it was already gone.
Frank grabbed a flashlight from his car and began patrolling the perimeter of the house when a scream ripped through the air—it was Noyce, in the kitchen.
Det. Lewis darted back inside, through the dark living room, straight through to the kitchen—and that’s when the lights came back on.
He was too late.
Even though his life was over, Phillip Noyce’s eyes were still open. His head was tilted back and both eyes were wide and scared and searching around the room for help. Blood dribbled down his cheeks. He gurgled blood. Whoever had done it was out the back door and safely hidden in the darkness of the surrounding forest, gone.
In the brief time Det. Lewis had left him alone, a female (as they found vaginal fluid) and a possible second person entered the house through the back door; while one stood and pinned Phillip down, silencing him, the female unzipped his pants, pulled out his manhood (which was left out), and straddled him for intercourse; after only a moment of this, the second person stuck their hands into Phillip’s mouth and grabbed hold of his jaw and pulled it apart so wide it snapped, dislocating; this was done so that, while grinding against his bare bits, the female could easily shove a thick, dirty kitchen knife deep into Phillip Noyce’s gullet, so deep that the blade sliced along the back of his tongue, tonsils and uvula, even his vocal chords; then, one of them (presumably the female) jerked the knife up and down several times before leaving it in his throat, only the bottom portion of the handle visible, jutting from his mouth. Most of the knife had made it into his body and it prevented Phillip from lowering his chin in those final seconds.
His scream had come from the knife sliding into his throat but now he was just trying to swallow, each gulp bringing the knife deeper, the blood squirting up and out like a geyser.
Phillip was drowning, and then he was dead.
6
AUGUST, 1985
There was a wall covered in maps – one large map of the east coast and several county maps overtop, each one littered with dots and splotches of red tape and photos and post-it notes. On the adjacent wall was a peg board with photos of dark looking men, criminals, deviants, possibilities; the rest of the office was filled with filing cabinets and desks, some covered in papers, others completely empty. It had that governmental feeling, that white-washed, robotic atmosphere, especially with three coffee makers running simultaneously and only two agents present. The rest of the agents must have been out in the field, chasing leads or researching or investigating (or whatever it is they do, Frank thought privately).
He had finally made the trip to the main office of the FBI task force overseeing the case, which was located on the fifth floor of an office building several hours away.
Agent Tasker, lead agent on the case, greeted Frank with an immediate hostility, citing the fact that Det. Lewis had been requested to help them yet, even after several calls to his department, he hadn’t stepped foot in the building until that moment.
Frank brushed it off and began talking about the case.
Out of professional courtesy, the two men set aside their differences and explained what they currently knew. Det. Lewis elaborated on Phillip Noyce and the crime scene he had just left (and was currently avoiding paperwork on) while Agent Tasker listed some of the suspects currently sought for questioning, though they hadn’t been having much luck tracking them down. It was like every scumbag in the northeast had gone into hiding.
“Besides finding people, what else are you two…”
Frank looked over to the second agent in the room, Agent Chintzy – who nodded as he was introduced – Tasker’s right-hand man; then, the unshaven man leaned back in a chair at a nearby desk, completely silent, and continued to watch the two men.
“We got about a dozen agents in the field. We got a team at headquarters checking every relevant database they can get their hands on.”
“What about the kid in Florida? Tampa seems to think he might have something to do—”
“Who? The kid confessing to crimes that’ve already been charged? What the fuck does that have to do with seven missing children?”
Frank sighed; he didn’t know how to answer that question.
A nearby picture caught his attention and he pointed at the Polaroid.
“Is anyone checking him out?” Det. Lewis asked.
“Who’s that?”
“Raphael Suez. Took two children in the seventies. Never found the kids.”
Detective Frank Lewis despised Raphael Suez. The man was only free on a technicality. (The D.A. lost the evidence against him. Literally showed up one day and told everyone that the evidence was gone from the filing system, possibly misplaced, probably gone forever; he was promptly fired.) When the local police heard Suez would go free, they pushed him out of the district, the county, and the state of PA entirely – the man was a harbinger of all things bad.
“He’s low priority.”
“Why?” Frank asked, surprised.
“Two kids, ten years ago, in a case that was dismissed – not exactly top priority.”
Frank asked again, even though it had just been explained.
Agent Tasker listed more reasons, like the fact that Suez didn’t match the hair they had found in the mask; also, they didn’t have an infinite amount of people to follow an infinite amount of potential suspects, only enough to follow the biggest potential leads; and with the phone lines ringing off the hook with false or inconsequential tips from every Tom, Dick, and Sally across the nation, they had to follow the most pertinent evidence – fingerprints, hard evidence, and something called DNA
“D and what?”
“We’re working with the U.K. on a new identification technique. Hair. Blood. Semen. They’re all like fingerprints. Seuz, we got a hair sample and it didn’t match the hair we found in the mask. For every sample, we can match it up suspects.” Agent Tasker could still see the confusion in Frank’s eyes. “Like teeth marks, like with Bundy. But with anything. Saliva. The vaginal fluids at the crime scene you just left. There’s a science to it. We grab a sample, match it to the suspect.”
Det. Lewis still didn’t understand DNA evidence.
“Where are you getting it all? DNA’s in semen, right? Is every bad guy cumming everywhere when he commits a crime?” It was obvious that he was frustrated and that none of the answers he was getting were helpful.
“Semen? You know the crime scene you just abandoned, the one in Lancaster – I got a call not ten minutes ago about it from their Chief of Police. Suspect on the roof, right? You remember him? Left DNA on cigarette butts found on the roof, didn’t match the victim. We can use that saliva to find who did, by gathering samples from every suspect. But we just need one sample – once we have their DNA we can match it using hair, anything. Just think of it like fingerprints but with all of the body’s—”
Frank still had his eyes narrowed with an angry confusion.
Agent Tasker snorted at the man’s ignorance and tried again.
“Means the suspects of that murdered your C.I. left DNA evidence – a whole goey mess of it in the victim’s lap, from what I hear.” He began speaking slowly as if he was talking to a child. “We use it to eliminate suspects. Match D-N-A, like we do with fingerprints. Get it?”
“So who left cigarette DNA?”
Agent Tasker let out a frustrated moan.
“The guy that distracted you so that other people could kill someone ON YOUR WATCH!” Agent Tasker responded angrily. “It isn’t that complicated. The U.K. has developed a new system to identify suspects based on anything they leave behind.”
“Wait, he came on his cigarettes?!” Det. Lewis asked, flabbergasted.
Agent Remmy Tasker just stared down at Frank. Tasker was exceptionally tall, a square man, near 6’4. Crew cut hair and scrunched face, all bureaucracy; he felt more like a prosecutor than a policeman, at least to Frank. The only luxury it seemed Tasker afforded himself was coffee, which he was drinking an endless supply of, black.
“DNA is in saliva. Hair. Any bodily fluid. Even skin cells, apparently. Idiot.” He turned to Agent Chintzy and called out, “We better make sure police get more training on this. New method’s gonna stop crime dead in its tracks and we got local police looking for cum everywhere.”
Agent Chintzy laughed.
Agent Tasker turned back to Frank.
“Look,” he growled, “we got our bases covered here. Been fine without you this far, filled us in on what you know—consider us filled in. You’re free. You wanna investigated Fruity Two Shoes over there,” he cast a finger at Raphael Suez’s picture on the board, “then be my guest. Go looking for semen or whatever it is you do aside from bringing me dead bodies unrelated to my case. But don’t get in my fucking way while I do your job, understand?”
“Absolutely,” Frank smiled. He had been pushing Agent Tasker since the moment he got there. Testing boundaries, poking him, seeing his reaction. This was Frank’s way of understanding people, probably what made him such a great detective, and he acknowledged it and embraced it. Children thought he was cool (and he did have a soft spot for the kids), but adults knew he was a prick. A nagging, argumentative prick. And they were right.
Agent Tasker took on an expression of perplexity as Det. Lewis turned, calling back of his shoulder, “I’ll report back when I’m done. Probably tomorrow since Suez is over in Virginia.” His frustration and anger disappeared so thoroughly that it was as if it had never been there at all, as if he had just been acting.
And with a gracious wave goodbye, Det. Lewis walked back out the door he had just entered through.

A young man (probably no older than 17) and a mousy blonde woman entered the Tampa police station. She wore a black, short-sleeved police officer’s uniform and cap; the teenager in front of her wore baggy, flamboyant clothes, his hands cuffed behind his back.
They marched to the front desk.
“I got a juvenile from the other side of Lakeland,” the mousy blonde officer told the older gentleman at the front desk. He looked up from his paperwork and stared a moment at the teenager in custody.
“Phoned over, he’s got priors here. Just bringin’ him in to you,” she went on.
“Prisoner transport?” the older man asked, looking over different paperwork.
“Yeah, I phoned ahead and told Bill I’d bring him over ASAP.”
The perp kept his head down. The female officer made sure the teenager stood directly in front of her face, between her and the surveillance camera.
“Bill Fisher or Bill Dixon?” the older man asked, picking up the phone.
“You know what?” the female officer smiled, showing her perfect teeth. The officer cap hid her beautiful, curly blonde hair and the outfit did little to accentuate her body, but there was still a magnetic energy to her. The older man caught her glance and they locked eyes a moment. “I honestly don’t remember which Bill,” she laughed. “I’ll tell you what, have an officer transport my prisoner here to a holding cell—” and then, scolding the prisoner, “—so you can have some time to think it over, this bullshit you pulled,” and then back to the older officer, “and I’ll come back there and find him myself, sort out the paperwork. I don’t want you goin’ out of your way.”
The older man nodded, smiling, and called an officer over.
Within minutes, the mousy blonde officer had crossed the main office (her head down and hat over her face) and left out a back door, while the perp was escorted into the middle cell, uncuffed, and locked inside.
There were only two other cells, with no one to the left…
J.F. Daley was in the cell to the right – sitting on his cot, leaning against the wall – and he had noticed the new entrant walking in. Had Daley been normal, function young man, the 24-year-old might have trembled with fear or spoke up to the officer…but he wasn’t, and he couldn’t. He was stuck inside the world behind his eyes, unable to communicate the danger he felt. Instead, J.F. Daley sang a song while the teenager patiently waited for the escort to leave the holding cell area:
The cat catches the mouse
The cat catches the mouse
Hiiiiii Hooooo the Dairy-oooo
The cat catches the mouse

Five hours later and Det. Frank Lewis arrived at yet another rancher in the middle of another goddamn forest at night.
“You gotta be fucking kidding me,” grumbled Frank.
He had an eerie sense of déjà vu and glanced up at the roof. This had “bad sign” written all over it but he didn’t drive all that way just to turn around and go home. Raphael Suez lived there and, by law, would have had to alert the authorities if he moved–so he better goddamn be here. Alone. Without a goddamn knife sticking out his mouth.
Lucky for Frank, the location was much more organized. No trash strewn everywhere, the lawn cut, the forest at a distance, the surrounding land open and visible. The windows of the rancher were all intact, lights on in the living room and kitchen. Before knocking, he peered in. Raphael Suez was cooking something in a skillet on the stove, occasionally walking between the kitchen and the living room to watch something on television.
Detective Lewis knocked and Suez opened the door.
“Oh…hola, detective. Long time no see,” the weasel-like Suez greeted. He had a pointed, ferrety face and shaggy black hair. He appeared meager, earnest; it was how he gained trust to commit such heinous crimes so easily. He was smart as a whip, too, and elusive, ducking the police for years by hiding in plain sight. Det. Lewis had met him briefly during the investigation into the two missing children and instantly recognized that this character was every shade of wrong. He could smell the murderer on him. (It had disgusted him so much when he found out Suez was going free on a technicality that Frank had contemplated the many ways he could do to ensure Suez wouldn’t remain free. Wishful thinking, though, as Frank Lewis had lines in the sand.)
“Let me in, Raphael. We need to talk.”
Raphael remained in the doorway.
“About what, detective? You a long way from Pennsylvania.”
“Am I?” And Det. Lewis pushed the door open, knocking the smaller Raphael back. (Frank outweighed him by nearly 60 pounds.) “I want to talk murders and missing kids, Raphael. Sit.”
He pushed Suez onto the couch—
“My food’s gonna burn!” he spat.
“Then you best speak fast. What do you know about murders all over the northeast coast?—about seven missing kids?—about this psycho Queen Persephone?!” His voice rose in anger, and he pointed an accusatory finger. “And you better not say ‘nothing’ because I know you know something.”
Raphael was trapped on his couch while Det. Lewis stood over him.
“Man, I don’t know shit. I ain’t even been ‘round since ‘79 so you ain’t got shit—”
He tried to stand but Frank pushed him back down and leaned in.
“What’s that? Did you—did you just threaten me?” Frank acted as if he were offended. “Did you just threaten my life and the life of my police brethren?”
“Man, fuck off with that bullshit. I ain’t say nothing.”
Smoke was lilting from the kitchen. It smelled of burning.
“See, that’s the problem. You ain’t tellin’ me shit here, Raphael. It’s quite disappointing.”
Det. Lewis withdrew the pistol from its holster under his armpit—BANG. He fired a shot and blew apart a nearby lamp. The explosive echo of the gun’s discharge scared the hell of the weasel-y man and temporarily deafened him. Frank was used to it.
“Wow, did you just attack me in an attempt to take my service weapon, Raphael? Discharged officer’s weapon?—well, that requires a W21-09 form and two officer witnesses to the scene of the incident.” He was making it up, completely oblivious to the actual form titles. “So I guess I should call the local P.D. and get them looking over your nice place here. Got anything you don’t want us finding—and that shot could have hit me, Raphael. These are all felony offenses tsk-tsk Mr. Suez.”
Raphael was getting more upset. Smoke was beginning to billow, turning black. The scent of burning had become overwhelming. There were crackles from the kitchen stove, oil bubbling.
“Did you know oil catches fire when it gets too hot? Called an oil fire.” As he spoke, Det. Lewis kept the squirming Suez pinned to the couch, eventually resting his closed knuckle on Raphael’s chest and pinning him down with body weight. “They’re a bitch to put out, too. Learned that the hard way, nearly burnt down the ole’ apartment a while back.”
Suez never stopped struggling, cursing a blue streak.
“Just tell me something, anything useful, and I’ll let you go. I’ll leave.”
“They—” Suez started and then stopped himself.
Det. Lewis caught it – he saw the defeat in the man’s eyes, no matter how short or small, he saw it. It was what he had been waiting for, the sign. It was that moment when he could see the information surface, see the culprit think of what they had done, think about something they were a part of, think about that one piece of information they really didn’t want to say. Finding it was what made Frank such a good detective.
“I fucking knew it!” he said and stood, lifting Suez off the couch. “Who are THEY!?” he screamed, throwing him into the kitchen. Raphael flew through the threshold and into the pantry cabinet against the kitchen wall, knocking it back.
Det. Lewis, annoyed that he was again in threatening a pervert in a dirty kitchen, walked in determined to threaten Raphael Suez with the burning hot grease in the pan on the stove. He approached him, took the skillet by the handle, and lifted it into the air, showing Suez he was a step away from pouring scalding hot grease all over him…when he noticed something out of the corner of his eye.
Throwing Suez into the room, the small man had hit against the side of a pantry cabinet and pushed it away from its spot against the wall. It revealed a seam in the plaster, barely noticeable. Det. Lewis put the pan on the counter and pushed the pantry a bit more, keeping an eye on Raphael, who had lost his angry expression and was now much more sullen, glummer. His eyes lowered to the floor and remained there.
There was a doorway behind the pantry cabinet.
Det. Lewis opened it and found a dark passageway leading down.
A faint sound drifted up.
Frank listened to it carefully until he could distinguish the familiar sound.
It was a distant sobbing.
Det. Lewis stood back. He lifted the gun slightly to point it in Suez’s face. He wanted to smile, since he knew he was right – but he couldn’t, too worried about what lay ahead.
Frank carefully walked over and used the nearby kitchen phone to call for back-up, his eyes steadily focused (with a healthy level of hatred) on Raphael Suez. After hanging the receiver back on the cradle, he finally asked,
“Whatcha got in the basement, Raphael?”
7
The overwhelming stench of warm, rotting skin wafted up as if a tomb had just been opened for the first time in centuries, so pungent that Det. Frank Lewis had to cover his mouth with a moist towel before descending the stairwell. If it wasn’t for the sound of someone crying, and the urgency that it necessitated, he would have waited for back-up and requested the local firehouse to bring an oxygen tank and mask. As it was, the nearest cruiser was at least ten minutes out, with a whole swarm of police following close behind. Det. Lewis couldn’t risk it; he’d have to go down there, just in case someone was in danger or wounded.
The squirrelly man responsible for the dungeon, Raphael Suez, walked in front for Frank as each weak step creaked on their way down a narrow stairwell covered in black mold, and into a pitch-black basement. (This time he was bringing the suspect with him, as leaving someone handcuffed, alone, in a kitchen, hadn’t especially worked out the last time.) Frank kept one hand gripping the smaller man’s shoulder tight while the other hand pressed a gun against his spine.
Frank stopped, first to gag, and then to Seuz, muffled through the towel, “Turn on the fucking lights…” He also mumbled “or I’m gonna use gunfire to see” but Suez didn’t understand the muffled threat.
“Light’s in the middle. Hanging bulb,” replied Suez, somberly.
“How many people are down here?”
Suez thought about how he wanted to respond.
“Alive? Just one…I think.”
Det. Lewis groaned.
It was absolute darkness at the bottom. No windows. Nothing. The crying was close. Soft, more like scared whimpers now – presumably because someone was approaching and that must have always preceded an evil torture or some other awfulness. The whimpers sounded male, younger but definitely not a child.
“It’s alright,” Frank called out, lowering the towel a moment to speak clearly, “I’m here to help. Can you come toward me?” Then, angrily to Suez, “Can they come toward us?”
“No,” answered Suez defiantly, and he gave no further explanation.
Det. Frank Lewis lifted the towel back over his mouth before hitting Suez in the back of the head with the butt of his pistol. Groggy, Suez stumbled further into the darkness, half-pushed by Frank (who returned a hand to the man’s shoulder and the gun barrel to its place against his spine).
The men were entirely enshrouded in darkness, an impenetrable blackness on all sides. The light at the top of the stairwell behind them was no help, as it barely illuminated the stairs. And it was unnaturally silent but for the gentle whimpering, which continued to soften as the men moved closer. Even with a hand on his shoulder and the gun against his back, Det. Lewis couldn’t see Raphael Suez in front of him – he could feel his presence, feel him slowly moving forward, carefully navigating the darkness – but he couldn’t even make out a silhouette of the man.
Blackness, complete and utterly blinding.
The crying came from the right, though Det. Lewis had the distinct feeling that there was someone else to his left; he had that feeling of a heavier wind when someone was near, of eyes watching, the prickle of arm hair at presence of something off, someone else…
“I swear to God, if anyone else is down here and they come at me, I’m gonna freak the fuck out and you’re gonna spend the rest of your goddamn days drinking your meals in a prison hospi—” he interrupted his threat to gag into the towel. That stench!—it was inconceivable that it could get worse but it had, it had become thicker, in the air like a solid fog that stuck to the skin, fetid and as encompassing as the darkness.
“Ain’t no one down here gonna attack you,” assured Suez.
They reached the center of the room and Suez lifted an arm, reaching blindly in the darkness.
“You got two seconds to turn on that ligh—”
Again, Det. Lewis’ cut off his threat to gag, except this time it was worse. He pulled the towel down and spat several ounces of puke to the side, keeping a hand on Suez’s shoulder even as he lowered the gun a moment. (There was the briefest moment when Frank could have sworn he heard someone whisper “Kill him” but—) A bright flash of light disrupted everything – not light from an overhead bulb, as he had expected, but from a concussive blow to his temple. It was the stars of being hit in the face called photopsia, Det. Lewis’ train of thought derailed a split-second, or phoshenes, when the blow’s actually—and then he snapped out of it, under attack. His body assumed a defensive position, instant muscle memory from his many years of training.
Suez had gotten out of his reach and scurried away, invisible in the darkness.
The crying had stopped.
The room was now a void; no light, no sound.
He paused, listening for movement.
Silence.
He fired a single shot from the handgun up into the ceiling—
In that FLASH, he saw Suez sprinting toward him, a sharp weapon in the man’s hand—raised like a dagger, running at Frank, sprinting, making a mad dash full-speed straight at him—
Each muzzle flash illuminated the scene like a flip-book. The first shot was reactive and missed. The second hit Suez in the shoulder and slowed him—but the man was already leaping forward. Third shot, fourth, and Raphael Suez dropped to the ground.
The blast echoes abruptly vanished until only two sounds remained: the chamber, empty and clicking; and Det. Lewis’ pained howls and whimpering. Suez had gotten close, had leapt at him, had stabbed him deep in the thigh with a rusty spike. Instinctively, Frank grabbed the spike sticking from his thigh and ripped it out in a fluid, agonizing movement—and he released a scream of utter agony.
And then he puked again.
His head was bleeding from the initial blow, and his thigh was gushing blood, and he was surrounded by complete darkness, but Detective Frank Lewis pushed on in an adrenalized frenzy. He quickly limped forward until hitting upon the string tied to a hanging bulb – surprised that Seuz had been honest about it but otherwise hopeless, with no other choice but to search for it. Pulling it, he shed light on the horrors that surrounded him.
The crying had been from a teenage boy in the corner. He was naked and tied to spikes in the floor, spread eagle – spikes similar to the one that had just stabbed him. Besides the fear and emotional pain he must have suffered, the boy appeared otherwise physically unharmed – no bleeding or open wounds, no bruises, nothing.
The other bodies in the basement hadn’t been as lucky.
The putrid stench was coming from the mummified remains of four small corpses, all of them stood up like trophies, lined and leaning against the left wall. Each body was wrapped in plaster, the torso and arms bound together, their faces completely uncovered (though their dark eyelids and black lips had been sloppily stitched together). The legs were wrapped individually to the thighs and spread, with the area between their legs bared. Some of the bodies had decomposed for so long that metal poles had been duct-taped up the legs, to the hip region, to keep the legs attached and the bodies from crumbling into pieces.
There was also a work bench against the far wall (where Suez had disappeared to in the darkness, to grab a weapon) and it was littered with a bunch of medieval-looking instruments, hunks of rotted flesh and grizzled hair caught in the serrated edges.
Det. Lewis took note of these gruesome details but hardly stopped to linger, freeing the young boy from his binds, wrapping him in his coat, and then lifting him from the floor to carry him upstairs. The boy was heavy and the pain he felt was excruciating—but Frank Lewis stopped being an officer of the law, stopped being a detective in a crime scene, and he became a person, just a person, one who saw another, much younger person in need of help, and he was going to do whatever it took to get that boy out of that goddamn dungeon and into some fresh air.
The police would arrive shortly after to find a sobbing boy sitting against the wheel of a car in the driveway…
And Det. Lewis beside him, unconscious.

“How could that have HAPPENED!?” Agent Tasker screamed into the phone.
“Well, sir, your department was supposed to pick him up from Tampa and transport him north but no one ever showed up, and no further order was given.” Chief Offanhitter didn’t like speaking with the FBI so he had passed the duty of the call to his subordinate, who performed the task with a mighty struggle. “He was detained in our holding cells awaiting FBI transport for near on two weeks.”
The voice on the other end of the phone was far too calm, which only served to anger Agent Tasker further.
“Explain it to me one more time,” he snarled.
“Yesterday afternoon—”
Agent Tasker cut him off.
“—a female officer – who you can’t identify – dropped off a man – who you can’t identify – and you put him in a cell next to someone who might have been THE ONLY WITNESS in a series of fucking CHILD KIDNAPPINGS!”
“That is uh, correct. Yes.”
There was a moment’s pause.
The voice on the line was hesitant…but ultimately decided to go on.
“Our video surveillance caught very little of the woman. And there was little remaining of the bomber. The blast was so powerful it took out all three holding cells, even the concrete wall.”
“And this witness? No chance? Blown apart?”
“Well, actually…” Agent Tasker’s spirits were briefly lifted, only to be dashed once more, “…he was poisoned first. Before the explosion. So he was dead before…the bomb…even…went off…”
Agent Tasker hung his head.
“You’re fired,” he finally said.
“Sir, you can’t—”
“Don’t tell me what I can’t do,” he went on in a sobering monotone. “You’re fired. Anyone else responsible – they’re fired, too. I’ll make sure the paperwork is sent over before your shift ends. You can go ahead and let them know, anyone that had anything to do with this fuck up—they’re out. Gone. Fired.”
He hung up the rotary phone and stared at the maps pasted to the wall until his eyes glazed over and he saw nothing.

Detective Frank Lewis woke in a hospital bed.
It was just before dawn.
Confused, disoriented, he checked himself over – first grabbing his balls to make sure everything that mattered most was intact; then he gave a quick search to make sure his other limbs were still attached. They were, with the addition of a bandage on his right thigh where—and then he remembered. That fucker stabbed me. Surprisingly, the wound didn’t hurt, and neither did the swollen lump on the side of his head.
In fact, he felt pretty damn good – if a bit dizzy and unable to focus.
Trying to dial back the double vision, he shifted the IV sticking from his arm so that he could twist his legs over the side of the bed and prepare himself to stand. He was bleary but cognizant enough to know that there was one thing he needed to take care of before he could truly rest, so he was just going to have to get up and—then he fell to the floor, flat on his face, knocking over the bedside table in the process. His left leg wasn’t working properly, still numb (presumably from stitching closed the gaping hole in it).
Two nurses rushed into the room at the sound of an overweight man knocking shit over as he fell. Against his wishes, they helped him back into bed and forced his legs back under the blankets and asked what he needed, what he was doing, why he had gotten out of bed. He ignored their questions, asking numerous questions of his own. They came out slurred.
“Eeeers the booooough?”
He shook his head.
The nurses shook their heads, too, as they didn’t understand.
“Get…me…dooctur…” he muttered.
One of the nurses nodded and left the room while the other waited beside the detective, making sure he didn’t try to stand or leave. While they waited, he motioned for a nearby pad of paper and a pen, which the nurse hesitantly handed to him. A few minutes later, the doctor arrived and, though not understanding anything Frank said, he relayed all the right information.
“You lost a lot of blood.” The doctor looked over a chart in his hand. “Nine stitches. Just missed the femoral artery, lucky ducky. Mild concussion. Rest, let the anesthesia wear off.” He looked up from the chart to stare into the detective’s eyes; then down at the question the detective had written on the notepad. “The boy you saved, he’s down in the I.C.U. You saved his life. Just in time, it would appear. He may need emotional counseling but,” he flipped a few pages in the paperwork, “there doesn’t appear to be any trauma to the body, nothing internal, nothing physical at all. Whatever was gonna happen to him, you stopped it.” He looked back into Frank’s eyes and reached a hand out. “You’re a hero.”
Det. Lewis shook the doctor’s hand—as the doctor released his grip, he found a second crumbled note in his palm that had been written in the interim before his arrival.
The scribbles read:
Gt me gdamn phne
“With this kind of handwriting, you should be the doctor,” the doctor chuckled.
No one else laughed.
The doctor turned to one of the nurses and nodded toward the door. The nurse left to retrieve a phone.
“You’re probably going to need a translator so I’ll let one of the nurses stay with you, do your speaking. Just write what you want to say. Then I want you to rest. Press the buzzer if you need anything.”
The doctor and second nurse left as the other nurse returned with a phone and wire, which she plugged into the extra phone outlet.
Det. Lewis tried to one-eye the dialing of the phone, as he was incapable of seeing straight, and instead had to write the number for the nurse to dial.
Even though it was just before dawn, Agent Tasker answered the office phone.
The nurse explained to Agent Tasker that Det. Frank Lewis was incapable of speaking and that he was writing an important message that she would then read. Frank finished scribbling and held up the note.
The nurse squinted, attempting to read the chicken scratch.
“I think it says…‘Tell that fucker I was right.’”
Detective Lewis smiled, nodding that the nurse had read the note correctly, and then he lay back in the hospital bed, satisfied.
That was all the information he had wanted to relay.

It would be six more hours before the conversation with the FBI would resume, after Det. Lewis had gotten more rest and ate a large breakfast (delivered to him by the local police department, in gratitude).
“The snitch in Tampa was murdered,” Agent Chintzy, Tasker’s right-hand man, informed the detective. He told him all the gory details about what had happened in Florida. “And they found the body of a man named Quinn Durgin—no, wait. Duggan. Quinn Duggan. We wanted him for questioning and a DNA sample, possible connections. Found his body off the coast of Rhode Island.”
It took a moment before Det. Lewis reached an obvious conclusion.
“What about finding people linked to—” he groaned, shifting his weight, “—links to the crimes that the Tampa kid was talking about, all his fake confessions or whatever they were.”
“Agent Tasker has begun to do just that…”
“And…”
“Well, he just started last night but—”
“But all the leads are dead or missing, right?”
“It would seem that way.”
“So anyone with links to missing kids, potential witnesses, suspects—even the loser scumbags with ties to crimes that might not even be directly related—everyone’s just missing or dead, gone—off the map? Am I right?”
“It would seem so. We have not, uh, had much luck tracking people down as of late. For now, at least.”
Det. Lewis pressed the buzzer for a nurse.
“I gotta go.”
He hung up as the nurse walked in.
The local police department had also brought him a change of clothes, sweatpants and a tee-shirt and wind-breaker. He dressed as he talked.
“Is that boy still in the I.C.U.?”
She shook her head.
“He was moved upstairs.”
“What’s his condition?”
“Stable. Not really vocally responsive but stable.”
“Has his parents shown up? Family?”
“No, we don’t know where his parents are or where he came from. Told us his name’s Justin Beach but that was about the only thing he’s said.”
Name rings a distant bell, something about the last name Beach…
Frank shrugged it off for now.
The nurse was still talking.
“He’s not from Virginia, so far as the police can tell. At least no one’s reported him missing, no birth record or medical record.”
“You need to take me to a doctor, I’m gonna need a goddamn bottomless supply of painkillers—are there any officers still here?”
“Yes.”
“Good, ask one of them to sit outside the kid’s room until I get there.”
He finished dressing and hobbled forward, then stopped. The nurse just stared at him, unsure of what to do. He scooted his hands toward her, ushering her out the door. “Pretend it’s an emergency, dear.” Realizing she needed to make haste, the nurse quickly led them into the hallway, Frank limping close behind her
“Why?” asked the nurse, worried.
“Call it a hunch.”

Later that day, a mousy blonde in a nurse’s outfit made the rounds. She strolled lazily, peeking into rooms. When staff asked if she was lost, her response was quick and concise: she was a new intern and had been instructed to “get familiar” with the hospital. Then she’d give a brilliant smile and move on. No one argued or second-guessed her; the hospital was large and one branch didn’t always interact with the others. After she had causally strolled past every patient room and straight through the ICU, the mousy blonde returned to the locker room, replaced the uniform, and left.
8
“I need to clear my head a moment,” Det. Frank Lewis told the young, nearly mute Justin Beach.
The rail-thin teenage boy (probably about 15 years old) stared on, silent as he had been all day. He had pale skin and dark features made gloomier by his deep, impressionable eyes; they were always down, always searching the ground, always in deep mourning.
The motel room was small, with two twin beds and a tan curtain over the wide front window, one that bathed the room in coffee-colored light. There was a bathroom with not enough towels and a small black and white television on top of a faux-wooden dresser missing several drawer knobs. Det. Lewis had run out to the car earlier and brought in the single personal item he carried with him everywhere: a small boom box. He pushed the television back and set the silver-colored, 10-inch boom box on the dresser and inserted a cassette tape into the front. He pressed play.
Marvin Gaye began playing from the tiny boom box—
Justin startled and backed up against the headboard.
Det. Lewis startled at Justin’s sudden movements, and then watched him with a surprised curiosity. It was the music, the boom box. Justin stared at it, horrified.
“It’s—no, it’s just music.”
Det. Lewis stood up and walked over to the boom box and turned the volume down, turned the tape off, turned it back on – all in an attempt to show Justin just what it was. The kid stared at Frank, then the boom box, then Frank, the horrified look slowly dissipating back into sadness with a hint of confusion. The kid brought his legs back over the side of the bed and returned to (what appeared to be) his normal pose: straight back, knees together, hands folded in his lap, and his head down. When he looked around, his chin remained down and the boy would stare up with brown doe eyes.
Frank sighed and shook his head.
The motel phone rang.
He answered.
“So explain how this is relevant,” came a stern voice.
Finally, Agent Tasker.
Det. Lewis had recently been updating Agent Chinzty, Tasker’s right-hand man, while Tasker went out into the field.
It was nearly 4 in the p.m.
“I know this kid has something to do with whatever the hell is going on, just like I know that guy in Tampa knew something – and now we can’t ask that kid in Tampa now, can we? This is relevant, I know it is. I can feel it.” Det. Lewis made the statements and neither expected nor intended to say anything further than that, as his intuition was 9/10ths of the job. Agent Tasker asked for supporting evidence but Frank just repeated, “I know it’s relevant.”
Like everything else, this only further enraged the leader of the FBI task force, enough so that Agent Tasker began yelling that Det. Lewis had removed a minor from medical custody on a hunch and that this was only serving to worsen the kid’s emotional state.
“You find out who the kid is yet, at least do me that fav—”
Agent Tasker interrupted with a noise, then removed some of the anger from his voice.
“He’s a missing child from Pennsylvania, went missing about twelve years ago.”
“No shit…” Det. Lewis mumbled and looked at the kid, who was still seated, knees together, back straight, chin down, hands folded in his lap.
—it came back to him like a whip, why the name had been so familiar…
Justin Beach’s disappearance happened at a time before Frank had been promoted, when he was just a foot soldier in full officer gear patrolling the streets. The disappearance happened in a different district but resources were pulled from around the state to search for the kid, as they suspected he had become lost in nearby woods. Frank had been one of the thousand or so to go out into that forest overnight, searching every stump and gully with a flashlight while calling the boy’s name until his throat was hoarse. It was a distant memory, foggy and nearly forgotten. The boy wasn’t found and authorities continued to believe that the kid had wandered off, that one day they’d find a three year old body succumbed to the elements; they never did.
There was a knock at the door.
“Hold on,” he told Tasker and set the phone down on the bedside table, reaching for the gun holstered under his armpit. “Who is it?” he called out, shutting the music off.
“Housekeeping,” answered a polite female voice.
Det. Lewis limped to the door and checked through the eye-hole.
A mousy blonde in a housekeeping uniform stood just outside.
He released his hold on the holstered weapon, took off the chain lock, and opened the door.
The mousy blonde entered the motel room with a stack of towels under her arm.
“Thanks, we need towels,” he informed the woman and then turned his back to her, returning to the phone.
“At least tell me you found something new or useful or anything, goddamnit,” Det. Lewis scolded, half-annoyed at constantly being accosted yet hopeful that there was something new, something old, anything…so long as it pointed in some direction to follow.
Young Justin Beach lifted his eyes (his chin still down) and they followed the mousy blonde as she walked into the motel room with a pile of towels under her arm, followed her as she disappeared into the bathroom, at which point he began to sing a low rhyme…
The cat catches the mouse
The cat catches the mouse
Hiiii Hoooo the Dairy-ooo
The cat catches the mouse
Agent Tasker was still talking but Detective Frank Lewis wasn’t listening. He lowered the receiver, bewildered by the kid; then, concerned. The singing (which the kid kept repeating) was eerie enough, but there was electricity in the air, an awful feeling of dread—
The housekeeper was standing behind him—he hadn’t even noticed her exit the bathroom. Her beady eyes had a blood thirsty glare, her lips curled in a wicked smile…they locked eyes for the briefest moment but then a glare caused him to notice the massive kitchen knife gripped in her right hand—as soon as he glanced at it, the mousy blonde leapt.
Det. Lewis dropped the phone with just enough time to dodge her vast swipe. The knife sliced through the air with a swish Det. Lewis had only ever heard in movies.
The mousy blonde landed on the bed, bounced up like a cat, and lunged at him again – and though he dodged her again, the knife still caught him, still nicked his arm, cutting through the shirt for a gash across his bicep. He fell back next to Justin on the second bed (the kid was still singing, repeating the tune over and over, unmoving), and Frank pushed the kid to the floor, out of the way of harm—then scooted back and spread his legs just far enough for the mousy blonde’s third attempt to miss his lap. It was nimble for such a large, overweight man.
The knife stuck into the mattress.
He had a split-second to react and he took it, punching the woman square in her eye.
She rolled with the blow like a professional boxer, backed up, and lunged again.
Det. Lewis scooted back between the bed and the front window, finally standing in an offensive position.
The psychotic, mousy blonde housekeeper licked her lips, slowing for a second. She stood on the bed in-between them, smiling as she tossed the kitchen knife from her right hand, to her left, then back to her right—
The final lunge.
Det. Lewis was prepared. He moved aside as the knife swish-ed through the air; he swung around, grabbed the woman from behind, and used her own momentum (as well as all of his strength) to throw her full-force through the motel window. The tan curtains went with her as glass shattered, sunlight flooded, and the woman crashed through the thick glass window pane, landing out on the third-floor walkway.
Det. Lewis fell back as his momentum went with the woman out the window. He fell back on the bed and rolled, quickly jumping to his feet, back up on his feet, running—limping to the door, out of the room, to the third-floor walkway covered in glass and a shredded curtain…
But the woman was gone.

It was a fiery argument, both men yelling at one another.
“I’m not telling you a single fucking detail,” Det. Frank Lewis spat. “If you were any good at your fucking job you’d be able to find me on your own. But you’re not. Now fix your fucking leak. I was RIGHT!”
Agent Tasker was already talking over him.
“—then you’ve just KIDNAPPED an UNDERAGE kid – a FEDERAL WITNESS! – without asking my consent,” growled Agent Tasker. “If you don’t bring him in immediately, consider yourself wanted by the FBI.”
There was a pause while Agent Tasker let the threat sink in.
Det. Lewis had already walked away, leaving the pay phone off the cradle.

Agent Remmy Tasker followed through on his threat and put it out on the wire that Detective Frank Lewis was now sought for questioning by the FBI. It was a hush-hush order, that Frank was to be found quietly – no national news, no local police – and he was to be brought to the P.A. task force office, which currently served as FBI headquarters for the case of the missing children.
It was late when he was done, when the final call was made and the final order sent.
Agent Tasker slumped over his desk and looked around.
The filing cabinets were quickly filling up, every desk scattered with papers and junk food wrappers. His eyes were on the maps pasted all over the wall.
His right-hand man, Agent Chintzy, was at a nearby desk – head down and snoring loudly. Tasker had picked a desk several over from his confidante because the man had a habit of never leaving – which was an amazing work ethic (Tasker had never met a harder, more honest worker) but it also meant the man went without showering or changing or shaving for days at a time. He was often remanded to office duty because of this, which Chintzy was comfortable with. Aside from his amazing work ethic, he was also a neat freak and kept the files organized.
Agent Tasker stared at the wall of maps, thinking.
Det. Lewis was an abrasive dick…but something didn’t sit right.
The detective’s main point of contention was that, whenever a suspect was wanted for questioning, they somehow ended up dead or in the process of dying, or missing entirely. Every. Single. One. Even suspects they had caught were dying.
It’s a pattern, not a coincidence, Frank had repeated several times. No single person knew every suspect that was wanted for questioning; it wasn’t some huge underground network or conspiracy between perverts. The suspects had come from all over, lived wildly separated lives. On the phone, Agent Tasker was quick to remind Frank that he had personally killed his own suspect the night before, someone who may have known important information—but Frank cut him off, citing the motel room incident and the mousy blonde that had attacked him.
How the hell did she know where I was? he kept asking.
It was a valid question. Frank had only one answer: someone inside the FBI was feeding answers to the bad guys. Agent Tasker, on the other hand, didn’t find it as simple as that – someone could have followed him from the hospital when he left with the boy.
Nothing was certain…
And though he stood firm on the subject while screaming at Frank, Agent Tasker did have his doubts. Something didn’t sit right. It seemed they met bad fortune at every turn.
Not a coincidence…a pattern…
He threw a pad of post-its at Agent Chintzy’s puffy, light brown hair. It hit and bounced off and Chintzy woke with a choking snore. His head lifted, his eyes tired. (He had been in the building over 48 hours.)
“Wake up, I got theory,” Agent Tasker called over.
Agent Chintzy started to stand and walk over but Tasker motioned for him to stop and remain at his seat. He was close enough. (No one had taken any of the desks near Chintzy, at least not voluntarily.)
“Ok, shoot,” responded Agent Chintzy, leaning back in his roller chair. He picked up a mug of coffee from hours before and, though ice cold, he resumed drinking the murky black liquid.
“Call it Frank’s theory. Devil’s advocate. So say there’s a leak somewhere. FBI, local police, political – someone, somewhere, leaking our leads.”
Agent Chintzy furrowed his brow.
“Just, follow,” continued Tasker, “let’s shake it and see if anything falls out. Think about it…” and Tasker did, deeply, thinking aloud, “…it couldn’t be local police ‘cause it would have to be local in each state. And they don’t communicate with each other, just us. Unless the leak is Frank.” He sighed. “But I doubt that.”
“You sure?” Chintzy spoke up. “Think about it: He’s always the one there. And the suspect always dies. You know, now he’s not bringing back the kid.” He tsk’d and looked out the window. “Goes all the way out to nowhere Virginia and just so happens to stumble upon some torture dungeon, alone, and kills the suspect a few minutes before the police show up? Does that make sense?”
Agent Tasker nodded but only gave a half-hearted, “Yeah.”
“What?” asked Chintzy.
“He didn’t know about Duggan in Rhode Island, you know? He didn’t know about any of our main leads. He’s just following his gut—he didn’t even step foot in here until yesterday. If there was a leak, it’s gone on from the beginning – and unless he was accessing the FBI database…there’s no chance of that. He seems like he could barely handle a filing cabinet let alone a computer. We haven’t told him anything and, I mean, every suspect has gone missing or been found dead.” He bit at his thumb. “That’s either the worst fuckin’ luck I’ve ever seen on a case or he’s right, something’s wrong.”
“If it’s not him, there aren’t many other options…” and Agent Chintzy’s eyes crossed from desk to desk of the other men, most of which spent their time out in the field.
Agent Tasker continued biting his thumb, his eyes also jumping from desk to desk as if each one symbolized the person on their small group.
“Well—” Agent Chintzy started loud but then lowered his voice, whispering, “who had access to the information from the start?”
Agent Tasker sighed, as he would need to bring Agent Chintzy closer (body odor and all) in order to whisper; yelling across the room about a treasonous coworker wasn’t really an option. Chintzy walked over and pulled a seat from a nearby desk and inched in closer to Tasker.
Both of them huddled low and whispering.
(Tasker only breathed through his mouth.)
They began listing their coworkers—RING RING RINGE—when a phone call interrupted them.
Agent Tasker answered, listened for a moment, told them to stay put, thanked the caller, and then hung up.
“What was that?” Chintzy asked.
“Frank’s hiding out at his sister’s house in South Carolina.”
“Are they bringing him in?”
“No, not yet. I told them to stay put while I think about this. Had a feeling he’d go to his sister’s since it’s empty and out of the way. Had a man stationed there to keep tabs.”
“Why aren’t you doing anything yet?” Chintzy asked, puzzled.
“Because what if he’s right?” Tasker responded as if Chintzy hadn’t been listening.
“You really think it’s possible? That there could be a leak?”
“I don’t think it should be dismissed. I mean, if there’s a leak, as you said, there aren’t many options. Frank’s been around since the beginning – and he could have had some access to the files – but I doubt; I just don’t see it. You and me,” his eyes looked from desk to desk and he leaned in close to Agent Chintzy, “…we can check everyone’s phone records, check to see who called Tampa P.D. and told them to keep the witness in a holding cel—”
The back-half of Agent Remmy Tasker’s skull blew out in a mushroom-cloud of brain and bone. His body recoiled back into his seat, hard, and he bounced forward and onto the floor, dead.
Agent Chintzy holstered the small pistol he kept at the ankle and made two calls:
The first was to track down the address of Det. Frank Lewis’s sister’s house in South Carolina…
And the second was brief:
“I have a mess to clean up and then I’m coming home. The detective and boy are at 345 Sea Mountain Highway in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Get ‘em both. This can end with them. Send everyone.”
9
A dark sedan, parked half a block away, had only just shut its lights off before Detective Frank Lewis flagged it as FBI. Their cars were always so easy to spot because of their shape: square-ish, hard corners, trying too hard to be purposely bland, but also a shiny, new-ish model. Unmarked police cars were usually the most common in the area, back a few models, with a solid engine. Frank didn’t understand why the government didn’t sometimes opt to drive an older car with softer edges; an engine was an engine all the same so long as it could hustle. FBI always looked like they traveled in shiny cardboard boxes.
“Eh, well, shit, they know I’m here.” He checked his watch. “On the run for six hours. New record.”
Frank’s sister’s house was on the coastline of the ocean, a single-story, two-bedroom home positioned twelve feet off the ground by a series of wooden support beams. All of the coastline houses were a story off the ground, even those several blocks inland, as flooding was common during hurricane season. A single stairwell led up the side to the only door, a potted plant on the banister at the top. The neighborhood was quiet and well-lit by street lamps and front porch lights. The ocean was calm, at high-tide.
After a deep breath, Frank walked away from the window.

The second FBI agent had hardly been there half-hour before he had to piss. He complained about it, cringed, complained again (“I didn’t think we’d be on stakeout all night or I’d’ve gone sooner”), and finally excused himself to piss in the bushes near the car.
They were parked half a block from 345 Sea Mountain Highway, where they had seen the target – Frank Lewis – pacing the windows, occasionally looking out, wandering, ducking out of sight, and so on; but they couldn’t tell what he was doing, not even when he came outside to set up something under the house. They had parked in a quiet area, one darker than its surroundings and hidden away from streetlamps between two dark houses.
The agent had nearly finished pissing in the bushes when a drunk couple approached, stumbling down the sidewalk together, arm-in-arm. The short, mousy blonde was giggling while her slender boyfriend led them in a zig-zag pattern toward home.
The agent mumbled under his breath and quickly finished, zipping up and emerging from behind the bush to get back in the car. The couple passed and the mousy blonde giggled while the slender gentleman winked at the agent.
The FBI agent gave the passing couple an authoritative nod and circled around the car and opened the passenger d—

A small group of men snuck up from the waterfront while the mousy blonde and slender gentleman (both drenched in fresh blood) approached from the street.
It was quiet, and this needed to be quick.
The first scream of agony came from a man in the small group—when a non-lethal bear trap caught his leg. It had been hidden in the brush between the house and the beach, and it shattered his tibia. He howled endlessly until one of the other men quickly stuck a knife in his throat, silencing him. They could have just knocked him unconscious, of course, but this wasn’t a group of the gentle and caring; these were psychopaths, all murderers and rapists, the dregs.
They only had two goals – to get the kid back, and to kill Frank Lewis.

The house was empty besides him. Frank’s sister and nephew (a former police officer) had taken the kid to a nice hotel on the Myrtle Beach boardwalk, where the boy was to remain until further notice. That was hours earlier; since then, he had gone about acquiring weapons and booby traps. He kept the traps non-lethal (because he wanted to catch as many of these assholes as possible; well, that and because he feared the FBI might trip one) but he had gotten his hands on a 12-gauge shotgun and two nine-millimeters.
It had been some time since he had been shot at and the anticipation of it filled his stomach with an old, familiar tingling, equal parts nervousness and adrenalized excitement…though, unlike previous before, this time he was pretty hopped up on painkillers, which lent him an exuberant optimism.
Totally gonna survive this, he repeatedly thought to himself while setting up the traps.
Watching the group advance from the beach, Frank smiled. He had been right and now that douche-hound Tasker couldn’t deny it – there was a leak, and it was coming from the FBI, from someone in his department…if not Agent Tasker himself.
Frank dialed the phone and put it to his ear but the P.A. office phone just rang and rang and rang—that’s when Det. Lewis heard the man howling from the beach side of the house.
“Yessss!” he held up a triumphant arm, knowing the bear trap had been a success. This wasn’t a normal reaction for him, just the painkillers talking.
The phone rang once more before the line went dead and the power went out. No one had been in the PA office, though. This worried him. Someone was always in the PA office. Unless maybe Agent Tasker was actually on his way down there to personally apprehend him.
A quick yelp came from just under the house. This had to be from one of the rows of nails duct-taped to the concrete floor below. It had taken him the longest to set that up because, after he had pushed the nails through the duct-tape and set each strip with the short nails stuck pointing straight up, the gray duct-tape and nails still had to be painted with White Out in order to match the color of the concrete.

The nail had been invisible in the dark.
The man that had stepped on it quickly shut himself up to avoid the same fate as the previous howler. Plus, he enjoyed pain. He lifted his foot off the nail slowly and smiled to the others, leaving a trail of blood as they pushed onward, a bit more careful.
The slender gentleman and his mousy blonde cohort watched the bear trap catch the first guy and the nail trip up the second. They were street level and in front of the house. As of now, everything was still peaceful. But this Frank Lewis was obviously prepared, so they would have to think outside the box on this one.
The slender gentleman leaned down and whispered something to the mousy blonde. Her eyes lit with excitement and she nodded, running off in the direction from which they had just come and disappearing into the darkness. The slender gentleman turned his attention down the street and found just what he was looking for, half a block away.
The group was still advancing, a gaggle of untrained killers but killers nonetheless. They stepped over a trip wire on the stairwell, climbed the stairs to the only door—an outward burst of splinters hit the man as he reached the top of the staircase. The blast hit him dead-center, the impact blowing him backward so hard that he broke through the banister, tumbling end-over-end in a mess of wood, blood, and splinter until he landed with an empty thud.

Frank cursed, knowing his sister was gonna be pissed that he just destroyed the plant on her banister as it was one of her favorite possessions. He cocked the shotgun, a used cartridge ejecting into the air as a second round pumped into the chamber, and he ducked back behind the couch.
These idiots didn’t have a clue. Amateurs, pure rubbish. Easy. He was ready to take out a good deal of them. The location was impenetrable—unless they grab ladders. Shit. I didn’t think about that. And I should have probably called the local police. Double shit.
From the couch, he kept the shotgun pointed toward the door, waiting.
It was quiet out on the stairwell…
And then movement…they were descending, leaving.
“That was eas—”
The entire house shook violently.

A solid 4x4 truck was screeching its tires in the street.
The slender gentleman was driving.
The mousy blonde sat in the passenger seat, laughing hysterically.
A massive chain was tied around several of the support beams below the house.
The truck’s engine stopped revving and reversed all the way back up to the house, and then he floored it again—

The house shook violently once more. The structure was weakening. The flooring creaked with pressure, crackling as it broke in unseen places. Shelves were collapsing, dishes falling to the floor, doors swinging open. Frank Lewis was caught off-guard a moment and tried hurriedly to form a plan—
The truck reversed, backing up to the house…
My sister’s gonna kill me, he thought as the truck’s engine roared a final time, and the beams cracked in the center, collapsing out, and the structure around him began to crumble downward into darkne—
10
“—ake up—”
Detective Frank Lewis slowly opened his eyes—blinding sunlight—he winced and closed his eyes again. It had been hard to focus, to see anything at all. Blood had dripped from his forehead down over his right eye and it stung to open. His left eye felt like it hadn’t been opened in months, a dry olive pit. And his arm hurt. And both legs. Everything, really, every part of his body ached.
Wa…was I hit by…a car?
“Wha…what happened?” he asked, his head drooping, his voice raspy from dehydration. He was foggy, his thoughts out-of-sequence and ethereal (—should have had coffee this…morning…or is it…)
“Heard you been lookin’ for us?” spoke a deep male voice.
This hit him like smelling salts, like a burn to the skin, an injection of adrenalin. He opened his eyes and stared through the sting, through the dryness and pain. His vision was blurred, focusing randomly. The sun was shining and the beautiful day had a lulling breeze that occasionally whispered against his skin. An…enormous field sprawled outside the open doorway beside him. There was a garden, too…in the center, which people were tending – he could make out a shadowy figure picking…tomatoes?…
Then Det. Lewis took notice of his immediate surroundings.
He was in a chair. His wrists were duct-taped to the arms. His ankles were duct-taped to the chair legs. His body was covered in dirt and blood. And before him was a room full of people. Not just men but women and children as well. The man that had spoken was sitting on the floor with a five-year-old boy in his lap, Bryan Thomas. Taken most recently. The other boys were there, too, several of them; some leaned against older women while others sat cross-legged. At least four were nationally known to be missing, just in that room, he noted.
They were in a wooden shack, like a large shed with wide, glassless windows. His was the only chair and the rest of the area was empty aside from the dozen or so people – standing, leaning, sitting on the floor – with their attention squarely focused on Det. Frank Lewis. He only recognized one person aside from the children: that goddamn mousy blonde. He glared at her.
“Whoa there, cowboy,” the gentleman spoke again, smiling.
He was a slender fellow, athletic but average otherwise, no older than 35. There was also a short, rounder man and a gangly, bearded, hillbilly man; the rest were women of various ages, some quite young and beautiful, some older and weathered.
“Who—” Frank began…
At that, the slender fellow cut him off:
“No need to talk, Frank Lewis. No need to talk because you, sir, are not gonna tell us what we want to know right now. And all what we want to know is: Where’s Justin? You are gonna tell me, eventually, but you’re a stubborn type and it won’t be now – so save your voice until later, when I’m gonna pull it outta you slowly—reach into your heart and your brain and I’m gonna find out where my boy Justine is hiding. Even after you tell me where Justin is – and you will – I’m still gonna have fun. Torture you. Skin you within an inch of yo’ life and yer gonna beeeeeeeeg us to kill you, kill you quick, end it—let me save you a hint’a mystery: We won’t make it quick.”
The slender gentleman spoke with calm passion, a polite smile across his lips as if he were complimenting Frank.
“You’ve taken from us one of our most precious resources, one of our most important assets. You’ve taken a part of our next generation, our legacy, our future. Justin…” he looked off a moment, then back. “We want him back more than anything you’ve ever wanted in your pathetic life. And our boy – our bright, shining pupil – he don’t know his way home, you see. He needs me, needs us…” He licked his lips and, from his seat on the ground, with a boy in his lap, he shot a sorrowful glance up and around to the people near him. They could sense he was in need and those nearest leaned down to hug his shoulders, to embrace him, to let him kiss their arms, let him know they were there for him.
“Thought you should meet the family. We even got some new additions, some young healthy angels.” He playfully rubbed the head of the boy in his lap. “A few didn’t make it, of course—a few weren’t angels, and those little boys had to be set free into the celestial ether, joint back up with the mama force—but we got a few sturdy additions,” and he shook the boy in his lap gently, with pride, “thanks to the Queen.”
As he said it, everyone quickly chanted, in a whisper, “Humbled by the Queen.”
“We got a long way to go, buckoo. And we got all the time in the world to do it.”
Detective Frank Lewis guffawed at this last statement.

“You wait, and you watch whoever comes, and you let them do whatever they do, okay?” Frank Lewis had told his nephew, a former police officer, the day before. “Even if it means they kill me and burn down your mom’s house, you follow them. You don’t worry about me, don’t worry about nothing except them. You follow them no matter where they go, you stay with them. I expect more than one person’s gonna show up and if they split, you follow one. Anyone. Something tells me they’re all heading back to the same place. And you follow them there. Wherever. They. Go. Get a full tank of gas and you keep an extra three gas-cans in the trunk. They’re gonna be heading north, prolly 10 hours. Maybe more. You stay out of the way, stay back, out of sight, and you find out where they’re headed, and then you call the police. Okay?”

“Could everyone excuse us please?”
The slender gentleman stood up as everyone else piled out through the doorway. He walked over and knelt beside the detective.
“We’re gonna hold off until daily chores are done and dinner’s been ate…until then, you can go on and try an’ escape. Chair’s bolted to the ground. Wood’s a sturdy oak. And duct-tape hold real good now.” He smiled. “I want you to sit here and think of all the awful things I’m gonna do to you at dusk. All night. And tomorrow and the day after…”
“Hey,” groaned Det. Frank Lewis, his voice hushed and raspy, “I want you to know…” and he stared into the slender gentleman’s eyes, “…that I’m gonna rain on your parade.”
“Oh is that right?” laughed the slender gentleman.
“Yeah,” Frank smirked back. “Big time. And when I get my hands on you, I promise, it’ll be quick.” He took a short, serious pause. “I’m not one for speeches,” he said in a concrete tone, as an aside. And then he looked in the man’s eyes, deep.
“Fan-tastic!” the slender gentleman laughed again; this time, though, his eyes flashed a mad zeal, like a wild animal. His smile was curdled, his thin lips like spider’s legs.
After the slender gentleman had left, Frank immediately regretted using the threat, Rain on your parade. He could do better. All the threats in the world and I gotta use the one that involves bad weather and kid’s floats. His brain was still a bit stilted, slow, dreary.

A square-ish sedan pulled up to the road block.
Agent Chintzy parked and stepped out. He was in a fresh suit, newly showered and groomed. His sunglasses were expensive, his posture was straight, and his demeanor was serious. He flashed his badge to all the officers and pushed through the barricade.
“Bring me the senior officer,” he demanded.
A nearby officer ran off.
Two men came back.
“Who’s this?” Agent Chintzy asked the Sergeant in charge, motioning toward the man in plain clothes beside him.
“This is Frank Lewis’ nephew,” answered the senior officer. “He called us, told us the situation. We set up a perimeter—”
“Arrest that man,” interrupted Agent Chintzy, pointing to Frank’s nephew.
Nobody moved.
“Did I fucking stutter? Arrest this man for aiding and abetting a wanted criminal.”
“I don’t follow,” the senior officer shook his head, confused, “this man isn’t—”
Agent Chintzy whistled for everyone to turn their attention on him, and he called out, in a stern, authoritative voice: “My name is Agent John Chintzy. This here is a FED-ER-AL case. I am assuming command, and you will listen to me. This man,” he pointed at the nephew, “will be cuffed and escorted to the nearest station for questioning.” He waited until an officer cuffed Frank’s nephew, against his will, and put him in the backseat of a patrol car. “In this camp is a man named Frank Lewis. This man is a wanted serial killer. He’s responsible and accountable for the deaths of a countless mass – including children. He murdered to federal agents assigned in South Carolina and he is also the only suspect in the recent disappearance of a third. This man is pure, unadulterated evil – and I want him stopped. Immediately. The residents of this commune are assumed to have no connection with this situation. They are to be considered his hostages.” He checked his watch. “We advance the camp at nightfall. Frank Lewis is our primary target. If you see him, do not hesitate—because he won’t. Shoot to kill.”
11
NOVEMBER, 1954
A veteran of the Korean War returned home to his wife and children at their West Virginia farm. He walked up the long drive to the door and opened it and quietly walked in. He hung his hat and coat on the rack and, before his family had even heard his arrival, began stacking all the furniture in their living room.
The young boys were out tending to the animals and corn crop when their father came home. There were four: Luke, Mark, Paul, and John; and no four brothers had ever been so different. Luke was short as a child (a hindrance that would follow him throughout life) and had developed a stutter the afternoon a mule kicked him in the temple. He was the baby of the bunch. Mark was gangly and weird, outspoken and often hostile. Paul was slender but athletic and attractive, the only one of them that was truly charming. And John was the oldest, the smartest, and a sort of leader to the boys; though his penchant for poor hygiene often left him alone, when he would spend his time thinking, scheming. They were troublemakers, the lot of them, and all four boys had been home-schooled after successive incidents at the local elementary.
Their mother was a kind woman, though a bit lonely and gullible. She believed every word her husband said the afternoon he returned home, when she stumbled upon the clatter in their living room and he hurriedly warned her of the future:
“Eisenhower says they’re comin’, in a big way. Commies are gonna take over the world.” He kept repeating the latter. This was a war he had grown too old to go and fight overseas…
But he had another plan, one that would save them. A sovereign nation right on their land. He had already used his status as Sergeant Major to expedite the paperwork protecting their property from trespassers, developers, and prospectors, successfully boxing the 40 acre farm as a preservation, of sorts. Most of it was forest; only one road in; and, at the center, a 10 acre stretch with a crop field, several animal enclosures, a barn, and housing, with plenty of space leftover for whatever else they might need. They were going to be self-sufficient.
No electricity. No government. Nobody else.
In his panicked haste, their father wanted to make sure that, if trouble ever arrive, the family would be able to barricade themselves inside at a moment’s notice; he accomplished his task, destroying all of their furniture in the process, and created shutter-like barriers for the inside of every window and exit.
But that was only the beginning…
Over the next few years, the Sergeant Major and his four boys built up the farm. They cut down trees and turned it to lumber, which they used to build a thick fence around the parameter (which took nearly an entire year). The excess lumber was used to build a large armory shed, as well as four “houses” for each of the boys. (These houses were more like large shacks; the boys continued to live in the main house but used these “homes” as their own private sanctuaries.) Land was developed for more crops, different crops that they grew over the different seasons, and they lived off the surplus during winter.
It went well, those first couple years…
Their mother was mostly housebound, cooking for the family and cleaning the house. She would occasionally tend to her horse in the barn, and she spent every afternoon reading adventure books and daydreaming. There was a hint of mischief in their mother, a love of the world and of grand fantasy, of something greater. It was a passion she tried to share with the boys nightly, when she would sit in a rocking chair in front of the fireplace and read long passages from her favorite books, the boys fully invested and often staring off in disbelief…
One day rummaging through the attack, she found what looked like a bird mask. She brought it downstairs and set it on the kitchen table and returned to cooking and cleaning, occasionally glancing over at the odd mask. Something about it fascinated her.
When her husband returned mid-day to check on her and use the privy in back, he found the mask and quickly relayed its origin:
“My great uncle Tom gave me that when I was knee high. Said it was a doctor’s mask or something supposed to prevent the plague, always said it was good luck.”
That night, as with every night, the boys gathered in the living room and sat side-by-side on a couch stuffed full of sheep’s wool. (All of the furniture had been rebuilt after that fateful day, when their father returned home from war.) Their mother would read to them in front of the fire, always, but on that night, she came out wearing the fascinating bird mask and an overcoat to hide her body.
“Hello, young boys,” she greeted in a joyous, high-pitched voice. “I’m Queen Persephone.”
John, the oldest, rolled his eyes, as he felt (at 11) that he was already too old for such tomfoolery; the other boys, however, were immediately intrigued…and, over time, John was won over by his mother’s play acting. She would stand between them and a blaze in the fireplace, the rest of the room dark – no electricity, only candles, only firelight. And she would act out the adventures she had read that day, reciting the works of Conan Doyle (John’s favorite) and Melville and Shelly, tales of street fighters and monsters and the world across the ocean.
Their father was unaware of this. He spent his evening cleaning the guns in the armory, always had. It was a routine that had been instilled in him during his army years and it wasn’t going to stop any time soon – chow, then weapons assemblage. As the armory took a lantern and long walk to reach, he was always out of earshot during story-time – had been during the war, when the tradition started, and continued long after he returned.
OCTOBER, 1965
The thunder was as loud as it had ever been, epic gashes of light across the sky.
The children were scared and hiding in various spots around the house, not in fear of the raging thunderstorm outside…but of their father, who was stalking from room to room inside the dark house. Their mother and youngest brother, Luke, were hiding in a closet. John had run from the house, to his “home” away from home in the shack built around the field. Paul was under his bed. Mark was under the kitchen sink.
Their father’s breathing sounded like low growls.
“I just want to talk, baby,” he called out.
In his hand was a detached bayonet, one he had sharpened to a dangerous point.
Thunder crashed outside, striking a nearby tree. No rain, not yet.
The man had snapped seemingly overnight, though in reality his progression towards madness had been lifelong. Seclusion had been the answer to his problems with the world – government rule, a fear of the unknown – but in ten years of nearly complete seclusion, he had every day taken a step towards insanity. The atrocities he had seen during war haunted him more and more until he could think of nothing else. His irrational fears had begun to seep into talks with his children (who were now older, ranging from mid-teens to early-twenties) and they grew more and more bizarre.
It was a frog in slow-boiling water: at first, they didn’t notice the temperatures rising, as their father’s rants became longer, more radical and unhinged; it worsened over time until the enemy was no longer just commies but people in general and their dark hearts; and then one day it boiled over, and the family found themselves in scolding hot water.
Their patriarch had decided that everyone was evil, including his blasphemous wife spitting devil stories to his children every night in front of a satanic fire; all the way down to his ungrateful children, all of whom had been soaking up these poisoned words for years so that, one day, they could ruin him, ruin the farm, destroy the world.
Walking from room to room, their father sang:
The husband catches a wife
The husband catches a wife
Hiiiiiiiiii Hooooooo the Diary-oooo
The husband catches a wife—
And he tore open the closet, where his ungrateful son Luke and his disloyal wife were hiding, and he thrust his bayonet in, and there was a bright FLASH like thunder…
His chest hurt. He looked down. Blood pumped out of his body, gushing all over himself. He stepped back, and back again, finally falling to his knees, and then to the ground, dead.
She had shot him a moment too late. The bayonet had pierced her chest in the same moment she pulled the trigger. Luke helped lay her out on the floor, crying out for his brothers, screaming for help, until Paul and Mark emerged.
When John arrived soon after, they used a sheet to help lift them mother up and onto a bed. None of the boys had seen a hospital in years, no doctors nearby, no phone or electricity…their mother was dying. Their mother would die and there was nothing they could do. The brothers curled up against her during those final hours, as her breathing shallowed. They held her hand and kissed her forehead and cried against her until the breathing slowed; in, out, in…out…
APRIL, 1968
This was the lowest point for the brothers…
The farm had fallen into hard disarray over the years since their parents’ death. They sold all of the weapons in the armory, sold crops they needed to survive the winter, sold anything they could just to buy the supplies they had taken for granted; and they needed more hands, more tending, more eyes on the garden and animals. Four people just wasn’t enough…
John (the oldest) was forced to leave in search of an honest wage. They needed money for grain and new tools and supplies if they were going to survive another winter, so he got a job with the local law enforcement. Even though John had barely spent time away from the farm, and had met only a handful of people in his lifetime, the young man fit in surprisingly well – because he had been raised to be hard working, a good listener, intelligent, and he followed orders to a T.
The portly, stuttering Luke remained home (the only brother to never leave) while Paul and Mark became more adventurous, wandering farther and farther from home…
And then came a day when the two brothers found life outside the farm. Up until then, John had always been in charge of supplies, always the brother to interact with the outside world on a regular basis. He had been old enough to remember the days before their dad returned home, when their mother would take them to the local shops for ice cream.
The other boys, however, didn’t remember the towns, and they hadn’t interacted with the people, no one outside the family aside from an occasional doctor’s visit. So when they found an older woman bathing in the nearby lake, Mark and Paul literally had no idea how to act – and so they resorted to their most basic of instincts.
John returned home the next morning, exhausted from a long night patrolling the area in search of a woman that hadn’t returned home the previous evening…only to find her in one of the shacks, beaten unconscious and tied up.
Mark, Paul, and Luke were curled around her, blissfully sleeping.
It was this moment that their roles became defined, that everything clicked for the brothers – John understood it then and explained it to the others later that day. They had been missing something all along: family. Family would solve their problems. Family would provide hands for the crops. Family would provide love for the men.
And John would protect them.
DECEMBER, 1972
Over a period of three years, John solved more criminal cases than any other officer in West Virginia. It was as if he had a sixth for criminals and it took him all over the state. In 1972, he was transferred to Richmond, Virginia for an experimental program that compiled and detailed the basic characteristics of a killer – what they thought, how they acted, why they did what they did.
Nobody realized that he was so good at identifying killers because he was a high-functioning sociopath; well, that and because he would occasionally plant evidence in order to frame someone for his brothers’ crimes. (They had committed so many crimes in West Virginia that John had banished them from the state; their crimes would have to be elsewhere in the northeast, anywhere that winter froze out an entire season of crime.)
MARCH, 1973
The first kid they kidnapped was an adorable, mousy blonde girl.
The second kid didn’t survive the kidnapping.
The third was an autistic 14 year old from a broken family. He was the only teen they would ever kidnap. John picked him because of the sympathy he felt for the kid – broken home, murderous family…too odd to fit in yet too smart to disappear.
There were a few others but they didn’t survive.
The new family didn’t have many survivors of the first generation, mostly because the kids against their will (and by big and scary men, no less). It took the brothers some time to realize that, if only they made the children want to come with them, a higher percentage would survive because the victims would fight less.
At the same time, John was incorporating these ideas into his work. “The Theory of Incentivized Kidnapping” quickly became a staple in preventing child abductions. It also served as a massive boon for John’s profiling work, heralding national acclaim.
Knowing that they needed the kids to want to join them was only half the battle. John told them that, based on his research, it would take something stronger than candy or a bicycle if the purpose was to get a child to submit. No child was going to submit completely, not even the children they were targeting – kids in poor neighborhoods, abusive households, kids with criminal parents, etc. – but to sever the family ties, to convince the child to stay forever, they’d need a symbol…
And in the warped minds of the brothers, nothing was more caring or gentle or motherly than a plague mask and overcoat. To these boys (all of them in their twenties), nothing was as calming as the mask and attire and high-pitched voice that their mother had donned while describing adventures across the world.
AUGUST, 1985
“This is John looking for Mark, Paul, or Luke. Repeat…” and he repeated this several times until Paul came on the line.
“This is Paul. Over.”
“Paul, the time has come. Over.”
“Where are you? Over.”
“There’s a police perimeter around the farm. They’re here. They found us. I bought a few hours. You have until nightfall. I won’t be able to hold them off any longer than that. There was too much destruction in South Carolina, it’s national news. These cops are going to be coming in hot. I’ve persuaded them to consider the residents as hostages, that that fuck Frank Lewis did this, that he’s responsible—they’re coming in for him. Over.”
“Then…what do you mean the time has come? Over.”
“Paul, as soon as they start asking questions, what do you think they’re gonna find? Cops aren’t stupid. And as soon as they take any DNA and see if it matches anything – they’re gonna find it matches every goddamn crime scene in the northeast. This is it. This is the end. We knew it would come. Be a man. The potassium is in the back shed. Get it done. I’ll be coming in with the police just after nightfall. And you make sure you kill that motherfucker Frank Lewis. Over.”
“I’ll kill him myself. Over.”
“No, send her to do it. I want you and Luke and Mark together. Oversee that the rest do what they’re told. I’ll see you on the other side, brother. Over.”

I’m so fucked, Frank Lewis thought to himself.
He was watching a team of men lift and haul a 7 ft. stage out into the open field. It stood between the garden and another of those wooden shacks, similar to the one he was in except it wasn’t as empty inside. Frank had his head turned toward the open door beside him, overlooking the field and the setting up of the evening’s festivities. They draped a large white sheet behind the stage as a backdrop.
I’m so fucked, he thought again.
His wrists and ankles were still duct-taped to a chair that was nailed to the floor. Even if he had the strength (which he didn’t), there was no chance of escape.
People beginning to scatter, to run from place to place, to hurry…something had happened.
And then the mousy blonde appeared in the doorway.
“Hey there, sexy!”
Giggling, she entered the shack. Her attire was like any girl her age, a cute pink top and black skirt. She appeared normal, all but for the large kitchen knife in her hand, always the kitchen knife – her weapon of choice.
“Ah fuck,” Frank mumbled. If the past few days were any indication, this situation was going to end with him stabbed or cut somewhere on his body, if not dead.
“Look what I found in your car.”
She held up his silver boom box; then set it on the ground and hit play. The Metallica album Ride the Lightning began to play.
This music might be the worst torture of all, Frank thought.
“Plans changed. Looks like I gotta make this quick,” she said, prancing over to him. “Guess Justin’s lost forever.” She made a frowny face. “Too sad. He was so promising.”
“He was a defenseless child!” Frank snarled.
“Maybe when we kidnapped him,” chuckled the mousy blonde, “but he was a better killer than any of us. And believable, right? He pull the silent treatment? Give you the doe eyes? Justin’s about as defenseless as I am right now. I’m just gonna set this right here—”
She stabbed the kitchen knife into Frank’s wrist.
He howled in pain, squirming, grunting – he focused all his pain into rage, his eyes straight daggers at the mousy blonde. She didn’t care. She was in the process of straddling him, sticking her legs under the arms of the chair so her pelvis was up against him.
“Think you can get hard for me, big boy?” she asked with a touch of innocence, lifting up her skirt and feeling around between their legs, shifting her underwear, fumbling with his zipper…
Frank’s eyes flittered, his head beginning to droop.
“No-no-no, stay awake,” she panicked, slapping his face, pulling his hair.
He mumbled something.
“What’s that, sweetness?” the mousy blonde asked, leaning in.
“Rookie mistake,” he growled—
The mousy blonde didn’t have time to react. Frank hit her square in the nose with his forehead.
She fell back over his legs, disoriented, her legs still wrapped around him.
With all of his strength (pure adrenaline), Frank leaned his weight against the right chair arm and pushed forward—agonizingly, excruciatingly, with blinding pain—to tear the duct-tape. Her knife had nicked the bottom edge, taken a clear slice into it, and with just enough pressure, in just the right way…
The duct-tape tore. His right arm ripped up, free – even with a knife still jutting through his wrist. It had taken great effort to lift it, not just because of the duct-tape but because the knife had pierced him so thoroughly that an inch of the blade passed entirely through his wrist and into the wood of the arm of the chair.
The mousy blonde was recovering from the blow to the face, furious—
Frank swung his balled up fist at her sideways—
The inch tip of the knife that had pushed its way through Frank’s wrist found a new home inside the throat of the mousy blonde.
A gurgling noise emerged from her lips.
Frank thought she was about to try and attack but her movements were too constricted, too focused to a specific region…
She was grinding against him.
…another gurgled moan…
The knife tip had caught her right in the jugular and, when he pulled out the knife to do it again, a blood geyser sprayed every which direction, splashing all over his face and chest, all down his lap—she grinded harder, moaned louder, blood dripping from her lips. This didn’t stop him from stabbing her again, and again - more blood spewing all over them, in his face, dying her blonde hair red - using a knife held solely through his own wrist.
Grinding against him in a shower of her own blood, the mousy blonde gave a final gurgled moan, mouthed the word “cumming,” and died with a look of ecstasy in her eyes.
12
Nolan had got out of high school and wanted to kick ass and take names, so he joined the police force; instead, he found himself doing paperwork and citing tourists. He quit after four years.
And not once during that time, nor in the two aimless years since, did he ever ride handcuffed in the back of a cruiser like he was at that moment.
“Dude, you gotta listen to me,” he was pleading to the patrolman driving. “I was there, I saw what these people are capable of – those people at that farm are not hostages. You have to believe me.”
The grouchy, mustached officer ignored him, brushing it off with a, “Just followin’ orders.”
Nolan grunted, then let out a disappointing sigh.
They parked at the station a couple minutes later, as it was only a dozen or so miles from the perimeter of the farm. The officer pulled Nolan from the backseat and walked him through the glass double doors and through the station, toward the back holding cell. It was a small station and there was only a single, 14 by 14 ft. cell lining the back wall; the rest was desks with typewriters and family photos, filing cabinets topped with plants, and walls covered in patrolman pictures with their award plaques.
The patrolman uncuffed him and shut the cage and sat at a nearby desk to fill out paperwork, a recognizable agony of police work. Nolan laughed to himself, not just at the paperwork but at the absurdity of the situation, the frustration of not helping. Finally a chance to kick ass and actually do something good and he was going to sit it out in a cell. He kept himself leaning against the bars, his arms hanging out and his eyes wandering the awards on the walls.
He made noises. Kicked at the bars. Fidgeted. Hummed.
He, like his uncle, enjoyed testing boundaries; in fact, Nolan was more like his uncle than he was any other member of his family. From a young age, he had admired Uncle Frank. In many ways, he still did. The man was a hero – and right now he was in trouble, and that bullshit FBI Agent was gonna get him killed…an agent that looked suspiciously similar to a man in a nearby picture on the wall.
“Can you keep to yourself?” the patrolman called over, his body leaned in to better focus on the type-line of the page in the typewriter.
“Hey, who’s that officer right there?” Nolan called over.
The officer ignored him.
“Hey,” Nolan called over again, louder, pointing up at a picture on the wall, “who’s that officer there? In that picture?”
The patrolman continued ignoring him.
“Yoo-whooo,” he called over, even louder. “Come look at this. Come tell me that that guy, that guy right there in that picture…tell me that he doesn’t look exactly like the agent that just showed up.” The patrolmen was still—”I can get a lot louder,” he practically yelled, “or you could just come tell me who that man is!”
The mustached patrolman sighed, turned toward the picture, then turned back.
“It’s a patrolman. Left a long time ago, before I worked here…”

John Chintzy was lucky no one had recognized him when he arrived at the police barricade. He knew long ago that his old department had been folded into a different district (on the opposite side of his farm) in the time since his absence from the local P.D. He had patrolled the area only a brief period before he was transferred to a town with a higher population. People could have possibly forgotten his quiet presence but it was also luck, as smaller departments were often kept “within the family,” as they said; promotions from within, community hires, and so on. His chief had retired the year after he left and there were two others in the mean time, each with a short tenure (both ended by heart attacks). The older patrolmen were unfamiliar; the rest, young.
He was sitting in the sedan, waiting. He had told his brothers to hurry. Dusk was fast approaching, probably another hour or so before nightfall.
The C.B. buzzed to life…
“We’re ready. Over.”
“Copy. On my way. Over.”
Agent Chintzy exited his square-ish sedan and called out to the herd of local police:
“Just got an order from the top – they say we aren’t to wait. We move now. Form a straight line out,” he pointed left and right, “stay out of the road, and begin advancing.”

“Can you at least let me make a call?” Nolan called over.
The patrolman was still ignoring him.
“I was a police officer for four years, I know my rights. Let me make my call, it’ll be quick.”
“Then you know your rights vary depending on the situation in which you were apprehended,” the patrolman called back, his face nearly against the paper in the typewriter in an attempt to spot an error in his text.
“Why don’t you just climb inside the typewriter,” Nolan joked, “might be easier.” He backed from the bars and walked over to the tiny, lidless toilet.
“Man, I got to take a HUGE piss right now,” he spoke as though he was talking to himself, only loud enough for the patrolman to hear, “but my aim is so bad – hope I don’t piss all over the place.” He said the last part especially loud.
No response.
Then, even louder…
“And something’s definitely not right down there lately ‘cause my piss has been smellin’ an awful lot like old tuna for some reason – this situation might be about to get terrible. If only I just made a phone call. For some weird reason, that always helped my aim…”
The patrolman sighed, dropping his head a moment.
He stood, slowly ambled to the bars…
“You really former police,” he asked.
Nolan nodded.
“Four years of service to the Myrtle Beach P.D.”
“Who are you going to call?” the patrolman asked in a monotone, key ready.
“Family lawyer…?” Nolan half-asked, not really sure how to respond. He hadn’t expected to get out of the cell.
“I’m only doing this out of courtesy to a former officer. No funny stuff?”
“No funny stuff.”
He unlocked the cell door.
“Thank god,” Nolan confessed, walking out.
Before following the patrolman’s escort, he briefly stepped aside, to the picture he had been talking about.
“Wait, just come look at this guy – he looks exactly like the agent.”
For the first time, the patrolman showed a slight interest. He walked over and looked at the face, checked the name…
“Patrolman John Chintzy,” he read aloud.
“Holy shit!—that was the agent’s name, right?”
Nolan had just wanted to use the picture as a distraction but was genuinely shocked to find out it was, in fact, the federal agent, just younger.
The patrolman was agreed, still staring at the—
Nolan knocked the patrolman unconscious with a single blow to the chin.
“I am SO sorry,” he said, bending next to the unconscious officer for the keys to the patrol car.

The lemonade had been made in a large tub and included sugar, real lemon juice, water, ice cubes, and an extreme amount of potassium. A ladle was used to pour cup after cup, each cup stacked on a tray, two trays worth – 31 in total, one for everyone. The two trays were carried outside and brought to the wood stage in the center of the field, where everyone had gathered.
Queen Persephone was onstage, standing in front of the white sheet backdrop, the four youngest residents lined beside her. Dressed in her finest black overcoat, with a dark brim hat, she gazed over the crowd through the macabre, bird-like plague mask (their mother’s original).
The rest of the group stood in front of the small stage.
“Everyone, today is a special day!” giggled Queen Persephone in her high-pitched squeal. “I would like to make a toast.”
The portly brother, Luke, took one of the trays and began handing out the lemonade to the residents on the right side; the gangly, bearded brother Mark passed them out on the left side. Each resident took a cup and passed it down until every person had one; the remaining cups were brought to the stage, where one was handed to each child; then the two brothers took one and stood on either side of Queen Persephone as she took her own and lifted the cup into the air. Everyone mirrored her, though the kids took a bit of coaching. (“Don’t dr-dr-rink till we drink,” Luke told them.)
“You’ve all done such a wonderful job,” she went on, more joyous than ever, “and I wanted to pay you all a visit and tell you so. I wanted to reward you and what better way to do so than with a nice, cool cup of lemonade, in appreciation of your hard work.”
Then she turned to the children…
“And to the new generation of children, who have filled our lives with a greater sense of fulfillment and happiness…”
The group gazed up, adoringly.
“So to all of you, my angels,” Queen Persephone turned back to everyone, lifting her glass even higher, “I say thank you for everything you’ve done.”
And she brought the lemonade to her masked face…
Everyone did the same—
“HEY!” a voice screamed from the opposite end of the field.
Frank Lewis was covered in wet blood, from his head to his lap. Drenched through and through. He was limping forward, one arm cradled against his chest (obviously wounded and dripping more blood) while in the other hand he carried a large kitchen knife, the mousy blonde’s favorite.
“Drink up, everyone,” Queen Persephone demanded of her flock.
—”Bryan Thomas, Andrew Martins, Phillip Cress, Drew Mackey—your parents are worried sick!”—
The adults did as they were told…but the children hesitated.
Not only had they heard their names called, but they hadn’t seen Queen Persephone take her drink, nor either of the brothers—so they waited, as they had been ordered to drink when Luke drank.
Queen Persephone hadn’t noticed, as she was leaning close to Mark, the bearded one.
“Go handle it,” Queen Persephone whispered in a suspiciously male voice; then, to the portly brother Luke, demanded, “Go get the gun.”
Both brothers set their cups down on the stage. Luke disappeared toward one of the shacks. Mark grabbed a nearby board, holding it like a bat, and went straight at Frank.
The rest of the group was watching with interest, ready to involve themselves…when a quasi feeling hit each and every one of them. They dropped their empty cups to the ground and bent at the waist. Some moaned and cried out and fell to the ground instantly; others remained standing, puking, groaning, crying, pleading…but only for an extra moment before they, too, fell dead.
The children on stage cried out, dropped their lemonades, huddled together, all of them terrified.
“Come with me, kiddies,” Queen Persephone returned to her normal, bubbly self. “Let’s go somewhere safe.”
Taking full advantage of the kids’ fear and trust of her, she ushered them away.
Frank continued limping toward the fast approaching, gangly, bearded Mark. The man had a board, which he held the board with both hands like a baseball bat, and an angry scowl on his face. Frank switched the knife to his wounded left hand and dropped both arms to his side. Mark’s pace was quick, determined; Frank’s was slow, wounded.
And then they were within feet of one another.
Mark lifted the board, ready to swing it with all his weight—
But Frank took three quick, light-footed steps forward and, in a single, powerful, upward blow, slammed the front two knuckles of his right fist straight into Mark’s gaunt throat. The thin man gasped, his larynx utterly crushed—but then the second blow, lightning fast, landed square in the center of his nose and knocked him out cold. He fell like a rock, unconscious, struggling to breath, choking on the blood draining down the back of his throat, drowning, gurgling, unable to breath and dying quickly.
And limping forward, Frank grunted, “Bitch.”
13
As he stumbled on, leaving the body gasping on the ground behind him, Frank Lewis heard the sirens of approaching police. He dropped his knife and laughed, thanking the Lord; finally, he could rest. An entire police department could just go rescue those poor kids now and he could fuck off to nowhere and sleep for days. (The police had had taken so long that he thought his nephew might have failed – after all, it wasn’t easy to follow someone for hours and hours, from S.C. to wherever-the-fuck they were up north – but his nephew was just like him, good police…and he believed that, if anyone could do it, Nolan could.)
Only one police car was approaching…
“Oh for Christ’s sakes,” Frank whined and bent over and picked up the knife.
One police car’s worth of police wasn’t enough.
The car drove off the single road in and straight through the field and pulled up alongside Frank.
There was a shuffling inside before the window rolled down.
“Nolan?” he asked, confused.
“Get in, quick. The police—”
Frank hobbled to the other side of the car and got in.
“—the kids,” he interrupted, pointing forward. “That way. Sum’bitch took ‘em and I don’t know what he intends to do but it certainly ain’t good and we got precious few minutes to stop him.”
Nolan had accelerated at the word “kids” and followed Frank’s point.
The police cruiser blew past the dead bodies and the stage.
“What the fuck?” Nolan exclaimed.
“No survivors,” Frank said low, his eyes narrowed in sadness at all the lives lost. So many…
There was a structure in the distance, where Frank had seen the men lead the children. He was fairly certain they were still there. “They’re in there, two of them. At least one of them is armed…and they got four of the missing kids with them.”
“Four?” Nolan asked, looking over. “I thought there were seven?”
Sadness returned to Frank’s eyes, though he spoke no further.
“Here…” Nolan handed him the revolver he had taken off the unconscious police officer. There was also a shotgun locked upright in the space between the seats.
“There’s an FBI agent leading the police here right now, they’re gonna be here any minute—this guy wants you dead.” Nolan explained as much as he could as quickly as possible, adding at the end, “Guy used to work for the local P.D. here. Someone named Chintzy…”
Frank was searching the car. He found extra rounds for the revolver in the glove box. And a knife. And flashlight. But then his mind snapped back like a rubber-band and his hands stopped. He thought this information over and shook his head in anger, upset that back-up wasn’t really coming—that Chintzy was the obvious leak—that a firing squad was approaching—that, even with his many wounds, he was still going to have to go finish this himself—that-that…
Frank groaned, dismissed it all, and removed his button-up, undressed to his under shirt, and checked himself over. He had bled all over the place. A bottle of water sat in the cup holder (—bottled water, what’ll they think to sell next, Frank quickly thought, as he had never seen someone buy water before) and he used it to rinse off the blood from his face and parts of his body. Below the seat was an officer first-aid kit and he used the gauze to wrap up the gaping hole in his left wrist, and bandages to blot various other wounds. The stitches from the stab wound in his leg had opened again and he wrapped it once more.
The car slowed.
They had arrived.

The original farm house had fallen into complete disarray over the years. Vines covered the rotted wood exterior. Weeds and bramble grew all around the outside. Shutters dangled from broken windows boarded up from the inside. The awning over the porch was half-collapsed and covered in decayed brush. A section of the roof was missing. Nobody had been there in years.
Frank studied the exterior, revolver cocked at his side.
Nolan was beside him, shotgun in hand.
“You take the back,” he ordered Nolan, no longer his nephew but a fellow soldier, a war-born brother. “Keep your head down. It’s gonna be dark.”
Frank was able to use his left hand a bare minimum, just grabbing and lifting, really – and he went to hand Nolan the flashlight he had found in the glove box.
Nolan shook his head and showed Frank the flashlight on his keychain before running off behind the house. (Handy—he had never seen a keychain flashlight before.)
Frank walked up the rotted steps to the obstructed front door. It was open and barely accessible, nearly blocked by the shredded wood and jagged shingles of a half-collapsed porch roof. He had to squeeze through.
It was sheer darkness inside, a world apart from the outside; musty, suffocating in its claustrophobia, disorienting. He flicked on the flashlight. The beam lit scarce details. An old bookshelf. An older table. Rugs in tatters. Webs in corners. Dust particles floating in a cylinder of light. A mirror in the nearby room. Silence in every direction, blackness—always goddamn blackness.
There were two men inside that house, somewhere. And four little boys.
Frank tried to move silently but it was impossible. The wooden boards of the floor had been warped from exposure to rain. Everything creaked, and it creaked along borders and across rooms.
Nolan was in the back of the house; he could hear him creaking along, as well.
Frank moved through the living room and found the staircase leading to the second floor. Each stepped squealed under the pressure of his foot. He had the gun raised and focused forward, with the flashlight in his left hand, alongside it. He couldn’t see much at the top of the stairs. A hallway. Several rooms.
Creeeeeeaaaaaaak—old hinges screamed as a nearby door slowly opened.

Nolan was in the kitchen.
Maggots lined the counters where old food once sat. The stench of old rot and must was overwhelming and he covered the bottom half of his face with his shirt. No one had been in this kitchen in many years, and it had been abandoned quickly. Glasses were still in the sink. A nearby fruit basket was filled with a throbbing black goo, in what must have been fruit a decade ago; it was so full of maggots that it pulsated.
Nolan turned the aim of the shotgun (the light was in his left hand, pointing forward down the barrel, gripped between his palm and the shotgun stock), and he went about checking each direction. There were two separate hallways leading out—a scratching nearby.
He turned, ready to fire.
A nest of rats were chewing on some ragged, long dead animal in the corner.

The door had opened slightly.
Frank approached the nearby room and pushed the door open.
It was an old bedroom. There was a body on the bed, withered to nothing but brittle gray bone in an old dress. Extra dust in the air, decayed skin particles stirred up by something recent. An old dresser lined the back of the room, with a full mirror. He saw something in the reflection, something moving, something on the other side of the bed—

Nolan moved into the hallway, the shotgun pressed against his shoulder, aiming forward, the beam following the barrel. The living room was wide and full of wilted decorations and drooping, stained furniture. The fabric had turned a soggy, mildewed black. He checked his corners. Nothing. There was a nearby staircase and he could see glimpses of a light at the top of the stairs, Uncle Frank.
There was noise, talking from above – rushed and low.
Nolan ran up the stairs. He reached the top and looked down the hallway, to the left, right.
At the end of the hallway was a portly man but he quickly ducked into a nearby room.
Nolan was after him, running—

There were whimpers from behind the bed.
Each of the kids was cowering behind the bed, on the far side.
Frank ran to them, bending down beside the bed. He tried to soothe the kids but they were too scared, one pointing—then all of them pointing back, behind Frank—
Someone else was in the room. He turned the flashlight.
Dark brim hat. Black overcoat. The glass of the eyes in the plague mask reflected the light. The figure had been hidden behind the door but now it was close, over him—

—and kicking the door open, Nolan rushed inside the room.
The portly fellow fired a shot. The room lit up in an explosion from the muzzle of a handgun. The bullet hit wood near Nolan’s head—it was the first time anyone had fired a bullet at him. Shaken, he dropped to the floor and fired back.
The shotgun blast echoed through the house, reverberating in the rafters and floorboards. It hit near the portly fellow, who fired shot—BANG—after shot—BANG—after shot—BANG—at Nolan, but each was too high, too wide, the shooter unpracticed.
Nolan cocked the shotgun—chick—the chamber tossed an empty shell into the air—chick—a second round in the chamber—and then the shotgun released another blast, the muzzle erupting in an explosion of fire that lit the room in orange/white.
The second shot hit the portly man in the collar and threw him back with such force that he smashed into the wall behind him, hitting it with a deep, cratered dent before falling to the ground…
Nolan fired another shot into the man on the ground, leaving no risk.

Frank dropped the revolver and he couldn’t breathe, a plastic bag wrapped across his face. Queen Persephone was behind him, holding the plastic tight across Frank’s face, over his mouth and nose, depriving him of air—
But she had underestimated Frank’s weight, his strength, and Frank stood up so that the person was up against him, holding on, like a piggy back—and Frank ran backwards so hard and fast that he knocked the bedroom door off its hinges—back in the second floor hallway, from one doorway and in through another, directly across from the bedroom, into another bedroom—Frank hit against a mirror stuck up on the back wall, shattering it to pieces, with an impact so hard that both men dropped.
Free from the plastic around his face, Frank stood and kicked at Queen Persephone—but the kick was dodged, deflected, and figure was again charging at Frank.
A burning pain filled his body, emanating from his belly—
“Get down,” a voice called from the doorway.
Frank ducked and a blast erupted from the doorway—it hit the window behind Queen Persephone and a bright ray of daylight filtered through the many buckshot holes, a large area lit.
Nolan cocked the gun again but it was empty—
—Queen Persephone had been ready, out of the way, moving forward—
But Frank had been there, had been ready first, had ducked down like a line-backer to thrust forward—he charged with his shoulder, using as much force as he could physically gather, and he hit Queen Persephone in the mid-section, lifting her up and back with his momentum—fast and hard—and straight out through the boarded window.
The body tumbled through the wood and out the window—upside-down, end over end, the mask and hat flying off—and over the second story gutter, down into a messy pit of twisted metal and jagged lumber gathered at the bottom.
Nolan and Frank stood at the window, looking down.
The slender brother, Paul—his face finally revealed—had landed hard on a sharp edge of metal. It was protruding, dripping blood and gore, through the chest of his overcoat. He struggled, gasping, choking out blood, coughing—his eyes wide with fear, dashing, searching—choking, gasping…gone…
Frank examined himself in the light of the now-open window. He had been stuck in the gut by a large shard of broken mirror. It stuck from his belly, gushing pints of blood. He was weak, growing weaker. Nolan supported him, draped Frank’s arm across his shoulder, and they walked back through the house, back to the bedroom. Frank’s revolver was on the ground and Nolan bent down and picked it up and tucked it in the back of his pants, just in case there were any more psychos.
Four terrified children were hiding behind the bed and Nolan called to them, reassured them that the terror was over…
Reluctantly, the kids emerged one by one and followed Nolan as he walked side-by-side with Frank, supporting his uncle down the stairs and through the narrow doorway leading outside, into the beautiful dusk of an August evening.
No sooner had they emerged from the house, stumbling down the front porch steps, when—
“FREEZE!” an officer called out.
The house was surrounded by police, all with their guns drawn and pointed at Nolan and Frank.
“No-no-no,” Nolan called out and lifted his hands, proving he wasn’t a threat. He stood in front of Frank—who barely remained standing on his own—and Nolan used his body as a shield, blocking Frank from their aim, knowing full well that they intended to shoot him.
The children came out of the house and found guns trained at them—and they stopped in their tracks on either side of Nolan and Frank.
Upon seeing the children, the officers lowered their aim.
Agent Chintzy emerged through the line of police, his weapon drawn but lowered at his side.
“This man just saved these children—he is NOT your enemy,” Nolan called out in defiance. “If you want to shoot him, you’re going to have to go through me.”
“So be it,” Agent Chintzy called back, raising his gun—
Frank grabbed the revolver tucked in the back of Nolan’s pants before pushing his nephew to the ground.
Shot after shot was fired—
—Agent Chintzy shot Frank in the leg, and then the chest—
—and Frank got off a single shot, hitting Agent Chintzy square in the face—
The police let out a hail of gunfire, their weapons lifted and shooting bullet after bullet until Frank had been hit nearly a dozen times.
Nolan cried out, on the ground with the children. He crawled over to his uncle, who lay on the ground, his breath but a murmur. His eyes weren’t wide and searching, nor panicked; they were peaceful, ready. Accepting. He had a smile on his lips, and he mouthed a single word…
rest
…and then his eyes glazed over, and his body went limp.
14
As a child, there was a time when I told my mother that Queen Persephone was talking to me on the upstairs baby monitor, which led to a very real situation where I was nearly kidnapped by a psycho in a plague mask that had been talking to me (through my hacked baby monitor) from the street outside my bedroom window. Other kids weren’t as lucky as I was, and seven children were taken when all was said and done. This nightmarish childhood memory of Queen Persephone has always fascinated me, and I used it as fuel to write about a crime that didn’t directly involve me.
It’s called Persephone.
Even though that specific case is technically closed, I went after the story as if researching an old, unsolved crime. Most of my time was spent looking at old case-files but the interesting bits came from my interviews with a man who was tied to it through family, Nolan Lewis. It was his uncle, Frank Lewis, who ultimately sacrificed his life to solve the crime – and, since then, apparently became the gold standard. I actually met Frank Lewis once, as a kid. He was the detective on the original case when Queen Persephone nearly kidnapped me as a toddler. Though my memory of him is a bit foggy, it was refreshed by his nephew Nolan even though I found him to be the complete opposite of his uncle, who was balding, overweight in the mid-section, with tired, focused eyes, like a teacher. Nolan is young, scrawny, but keen – that same focus in his eyes, just less tired.
The case original case was long and violent, spanning most of the northeast, and the child abductions were only the beginning, but the book was under a short, short deadline. It needed to be out, fast, so I did my research, and I wrote it in my way, but I moved quickly. And I didn’t include Nolan’s unique perspective on the case, as his mother was considered the final victim. In the years since his mother’s death, Nolan had become an agent of the FBI and had accumulated many other books’ worth of interesting stories to tell (like myself), but it was my feeling that he had done so to better solve his own mother’s death.
Something about it never sat right with him…
The book finished, with a speedy editorial process, and released, I’ve started receiving odd voicemails on my phone. They’re scratchy, like a recording of static. And the number’s private. Sometimes I answer but there’s no one on the other end, just more static, just noise. Scratchy, like long winds blowing in the mouthpiece.
I ask, “Who is this?” and make threats but never get a response.
Sometimes I can hear distant laughing, though.
Sometimes I can hear an awful voice – distorted, barely human, unnaturally slow and screechy – Heeeeeeeeeeellllllllllloooooooo, it seems to say in a tone like the scratching of a record.
And then comes the day I’ve been waiting for…
I sit at my computer, working on fishing through notes, when my iPhone lights up beside me, like it does when I’ve just received a text…except there’s nothing displayed but a black screen. I pick it up and hit a button, thinking it’s dying or dead, but find more nothing…until I notice it’s making low noises; no, it wasn’t broken – someone had hacked into it, turned it into a two-way microphone.
…and that’s when I hear a voice I haven’t heard in years, not since I was a boy; a voice that’s high-pitched and bubbly, happy—and she said:
“We’ve missed you, my angel…”
To which I reply,
“I’ve been waiting for you.”
