Games of the Powerful
Book One
Games of the Powerful Trilogy

WILLIAM E. SAMELA





This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
GAMES OF THE POWERFUL
Book One
Games of the Powerful Trilogy
Second Edition Revised
Published by William E. Samela at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 by William E. Samela
Cover Art by Lyndsay Salbuske-Welch 
Shotokan@verizon.net
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





For my longtime and cherished wife that has supported me in this first time endeavor.





Special thanks to Lindsey one of my favorite karate students for coming up with a good idea in the middle of writing this book that helped me greatly.





Forward

Welcome to my first real attempt to write a book and since I have just now completely reedited it, we should probably call it my second attempt. Frankly, I love to read books and now that I have written one and edited one, I still love to write books but the question that still needs answering is whether I am any good at it. I have been reading fantasy sword and sorcery type books since 1971 when I read Savage Tales #1 The Frost Giant’s Daughter, Robert E Howard’s Conan the Barbarian. That single comic book changed my opinion of reading. Prior to me reading the Frost Giant’s Daughter, I hated reading with every fiber of my being, much to the chagrin of my parents I should add, to a person that could not get enough of reading. I destroyed the entire Conan the Barbarian series paperbacks written by Lin Carter and L. Sprague de Camp in a matter of months and I still could not get enough. John Carter of Mars soon fell followed by John Norman’s Tarnsman of Gor, Lord of Rings, The Sword of Shannara you get the picture.
Thinking about all the books that I ever read I wanted to break the mold as they say in fantasy and write something different. I did not want a book that based its whole story on a quest. Ok don’t freak out I have included a couple of small quests in this book but they won’t take a trilogy to complete the darn things and certainly not the whole book either.  So what is the same you ask? I figured we would go over that real quick then what I have done a little differently. Yes we have elves, trolls, orcs, humans, half humans and half elves, and dwarfs that speak a variation of Scottish (please forgife me mah Scottish friends an' relati'es fur butcherin' th' wonderful Scottish language). What I tried to do is use the Scottish language and interspersed it with English so it is understandable yet fun to read with a hated glossary at the end of the book in case. In addition, I included castles, knights, dukes, counts, all that good stuff and spies to boot. It has all that darkness vs. light stuff that we all seem to like. Oh yeah it is chock full of wizards good and bad, magic weapons, grotesque creatures on four legs, wraiths, and shades.
Ok enough of that I think you get the picture. So, what is the difference you ask? All right, I will tell you.  To start Earth the year 3028, awesome cars, (yes they still have cars what’s a world without cars and fast driving) forget cell phones they have  it much better.  Spaceships sure enough big ones, laser cannons, fighters, shields, wormhole generators, space colonies (more of that in the second book), and space battles. The quest on Earth is cool, police detectives, FBI, CIA, dead bodies lots of dead people lying around, gun battles, and handheld rocket launchers (state of the art of course). Bad guy’s lots of them, evil creatures’ right out of fantasy into the modern world, evil possession, magic, magical weapons, and spy’s good and bad. Did I mention gadgets? Lots of cool gadgets, and disguises included.  Let us get back to the cars, awesome state of the art cars that can do about anything.  For you people that like to shop until you drop so to speak I even have a shopping mall heck what is world without malls.
So here, we are with a shot in the dark so to speak with my first book in hopes that you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it. I am going to try my hand at some short stories directly related to this book so I hope you enjoy them as well. Thank you in advance for any kind words you may have for this book and me. Also, see at the end of this book the prolog for my new book titled Magda: Rise of Darkness.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13


Prologue

The wraith flitted between the buildings on a late and dreary night with no one about to take notice of his passing. This wraith does not fit the portrayals of evil wraiths described in stories to scare children into good behavior or campfire stories late at night. Many a child lay awake in their beds at night not able to go to sleep fearing the late-night shadows and listening to the eerie sounds in the night thinking about the wraiths from those stories. This wraith is much more dangerous and malevolent because it can think, rationalize, and make some decisions to fulfill the needs of its masters. Their will is what controlled it and sent it on its way to fulfill their wishes. What drew this wraith aside from others of its kind is in its subconscious it has the curiosity to wonder what it had been before this. It had a distinct feeling in its past it had been human and a very evil human indeed. Try as it may it could not remember its past. Was it male or female? What was its human name? Its curiosity is limited but still there in its subconscious.
The wraiths in the legends of old were dark shrouded evil creatures having remnants of rotten flesh hanging from their bones visible from under the rotting sections of their burial shrouds. They floated in the air making unnerving sounds and their presence brought on a frightening temperature drop making the air around it very cold. It took a powerful wizard to call them from the dead and bring them to the realm of the living, but only for a short time before they had to return to the realm of the dead. Most wizards called them forth to ask them important questions or have them forespeak of the future and some of those same wizards hearing the proclamations of dread lost their own sanity to the wiles of the wraiths.
Not this wraith, it is evil personified living in the realm of the living and it could stay here as long its masters wished or magically returned to the abyss it hails from. The wraith in all appearances magically looked like any other person out on a wet and cold night wearing a long black cloak enshrouding it with the cowl pulled over its head. If any passerby were to see it, they would not know it for what it is unless it chose to allow it. When it is self-serving, it liked to take pleasure on seeing the horror on its victim's faces, allowing them to see the unmasked evil before them. On those occasions, the wraith wondered about its nature and its purpose, and of course, the distinct pleasure it gets out of seeing the terror on its victims faces. The wraith was not sure but something deep in its awareness tried to prevent it from feeling any pleasure but for odd reasons beyond the wraiths comprehension, it could.
Darkness swirled around it, as it turned right into a deserted alley of a nameless city. The city is nameless because the wraith did not know the name of the city it now found itself nor did it care. The wraith knew one thing, to do its masters bidding it had to go where its masters required. It floated unerringly down the center of the stench-filled alley over a cesspool of waste and excrement most human beings would naturally avoid.  The torches in the wall sconces sent flickering light and dancing shadows across the walls revealing the pad locked doors on either side of the alley that the wraith ignored making its way to the end of the alley.
Reaching the wall at the end of the alley, a boney hand snaked out from between the folds of its cloak. Suddenly a distinct blackness, a slowly spiraling circle of darkness the nearby torches could not penetrate with their yellowish flickering light formed in the brick wall. Passing through the blackness, the apparition disappeared from the alley returning the bricks to normal to reappear in a tunnel leading downwards into thick and impenetrable stygian blackness.
The burning torch in a wall sconce sent dancing flickering light across the walls but it ignored the torch for it needed no light to see by as it headed down the tunnel. Floating down the dank tunnel the wraith ignored the water seeping through the walls and pooling on the rough-cut stone floor. Rounding a curve in the tunnel, the miasma of fear exuding down the tunnel would have been overwhelming to anyone but the wraith; it thrived on that fear, giving it strength knowing its masters are near.
Entering a large cavern cut into the stone, the first thing it saw in the center of the cavern is an altar made of obsidian and its masters standing behind it. Torches in wall sconces lined the room shedding an eerie light around an already macabre scene. In front of the altar are rows of benches forming a half circle with a center isle leading from the tunnel. The wrath floated down the center aisle toward the altar, noticing in a detached manner a nearly naked young woman chained there.
She is perhaps seventeen summers wearing a thin see through white silk long sleeve gown cut low at the bosom and long at the legs. The beautiful gown would be such a thing as she might have worn to her wedding bed because its sheerness would have enticed her newly betrothed with her obvious beauty. Securely chained to the altar with heavy manacles, her arms pulled downwards along the sides of her body and similar chains holding her legs wide apart, she struggled to no avail to free herself. Besides the chains and manacles, a thin steel band around her head secured her tightly to the altar preventing her from moving her head or neck with another steel band across her stomach making it impossible for her to move her body leaving only her terror-filled eyes the ability to look around the torch lit cavern. With bloody ankles and wrists from the manacles, her danced frantically in stark terror knowing there was no escape.
Three human acolytes dressed in dark robes with cowls over their heads are standing in a half circle to one side and at the head of the altar. One held a gleaming gold encrusted dagger in his right hand and a gold chalice in the other, while the other two acolytes each held like chalices. Watching the macabre tableau unfolding before it the wraith did not know why it enjoyed seeing the cold-blooded fear etching the girls face.
Gasping for breath in fear, the girl watched with terror-filled eyes as the acolyte with the dagger slowly moved closer to her quickly slashing her throat. The blood flowed into the specially formed depression in the obsidian and from there it flowed down a channel in the altar to drip in the waiting cups the acolytes are holding to catch the blood. The girl tried repeatedly to scream but no sound came from her open mouth disappointing the wraith and again it wondered why this was so.
Her heart beating frantically, the girl’s blood continued flowing rapidly into the waiting cups, her eyes gently closing as she lost strength from the extreme blood loss. The wraith somehow knew she would be dead in a few moments and reveled at the thought of her dying so gruesomely. The acolytes continued to switch the cups in front of the dripping blood when suddenly, the girl's eyes sprang open, and her chest heaved taking her last breathe. Her body settled back and did not move; her once beautiful face now looked haggard and sunken, her vacant eyes staring up at the ceiling with her mouth open in a soundless scream. The wraith is euphoric from the grisly death it had witnessed.
The three human acolytes turned toward their masters, bowing at the waist in unison extending their arms forward holding the gold chalices in each of their hands. Each of the masters reached with a clawed hand taking a cup and with the other savagely slashing the necks of the acolytes. Their claws ripped through the heavy cloth of the robes they wore spraying blood high into the air to fall on the girl’s body. When the acolytes fell to the floor their bodies in paroxysm of death the wraith convulsed in ecstasy seeing their deaths in such a dramatic fashion.
Once, the creatures finished drinking her blood they dropped the chalices with a resounding clatter on the cavern floor and faced the wraith blood dripping from their mouths. Their sharp-toothed mouths uttered no sound but the wraith heard their every word. “Wraith you have been summoned before us, we have a task for you! The blood of the human girl was a life sustaining nectar but not enough to let us stay in this realm much longer. A time will come when we will call this realm ours. Heed our words wraith we have little time left! You must find the one who is coming and the one who is here and eradicate them from this realm. Kill whomever you find with them but make sure they die! Do not fail us wraith or you will wish you were back in the dark abyss you came from!” The wraiths masters sent it images of its quarry, as it wondered why it is so concerned about the threat. Within, its minimal thought process the wraith thought it might like it better here than the abyss. At least in this world, it had more than enough victims to slack its bloodlust.
Appearing suddenly, a cone shaped spiraling mass of darkness with its edges moving inward beckoned to its masters. Watching its master's walk into it and disappearing as the circle spiraled into itself, it wondered why it took pleasure in killing humans. Returning the way it came with one thought to find a victim that would nourish it and a few more for it to take pleasure in the killing it felt almost giddy, a unique human trait. The wraith knew it would not be the last time it wondered why it felt the need to kill for pleasure.
Chapter 1

December 7, 3028

Mitch barely avoided another kiri-age as the flashing steel of his opponents katana passed from his lower left, and up past his shoulder narrowly missing his lower left side, stomach and chest. Adjusting quickly, he pressed his opponent with some spectacular sword work moving quickly with a kesa-giri cutting technique the razor-sharp katana slashed diagonally from the left then from the right downward followed by a yoko-giri horizontally from his left to his right that would have cut his opponent in two if he had made contact. Seeming to read his mind, his opponent back flipped at the last second, landing in a crouch ready to attack or defend.
Breathing hard from the exertion each decided they had enough training for one day so with a look on their faces that each of them knew so well they decided to stand down. The spectators up on the viewing platform above the training area were disappointed that the match was ending in a draw with friendly arguing going on trying to decide who won the match. They had been betting and cheering on each of their champions for nearly one-hour adding to the growing excitement. During the duration of the match, the excitement had been palpable and with an abrupt end of the match, it magnified the disappointment. On a positive note, no one lost any money, and with large wagers it could have meant that some would have lost their entire months pay. Betting aside, they never seemed fail to entertain their audience so overall the match pleased the crowd of onlookers.
From their ancestors time their family has been renowned for its martial arts skills and prowess with every weapon known to man. As children they studied Shotokan Karate the art of empty hand fighting, Toyama-Ryu Batto Jutsu the art of swordsmanship, Kyudo way of the bow and Tantojutsu Japanese knife fighting. Rounding out each of their martial skills, they learned how to fire every type of firearm including the older lead cartridge type to the new plasma guns that use high-energy ionized gas and mounted directed energy weapons such as lasers. Standard issue military weapons are still the lead projectile weapons that use the new exploding projectiles.
Watching his opponent sheathe their sword with a flourish sharp edge up in the traditional Japanese form, Mitch sheathed his sword at the same time walking toward his opponent bowing. When they returned to a formal upright position the tension of combat magically disappeared.  “You owe me a new training shirt,” Mitch jokingly told his opponent. Mitch towered over his opponent standing nearly six foot three inches tall with broad shoulders and strong arms to match.  His piercing blue eyes, strong jaw line and dark-brown colored hair added to his attractiveness that had many women competing for his attentions.
His opponent stood five foot three inches tall slim and whipcord strong allowing her to move with a feline grace and strike with the speed of a snake.  Where Mitch is handsome, Danielle is beautiful or stunning might describe her better. She looked at Mitch with her blue eyes filled with pleasure where moments ago in stark contrast they brimmed with fierce determination from the competition between them. Her long blond hair braided tightly, hanging below the middle of her back contrasted with the black skintight training suit that did nothing to hide her shapely curves and lithe body but fully emphasized all her physical features.
“You're fortunate that I did not move my blade an inch closer or you would be heading to sickbay,” she laughed.
“Yeah ok, next time I will be sure slap you on your butt with the flat of my blade when I have the chance to,” he laughed.
“You will never get that chance! I learn from my mistakes,” she smirked playfully punching him on the shoulder with her fist. Danielle loved her brother very much; he was all she had after their parents died in a freak accident in space. She and her brother were overwhelmed with grief at the loss that brought them closer. Sometimes, she could see hiding just barely below the surface the grief in her brother’s eyes seemly ready to boil over at a moment's notice. Instantly, her heart would go out to him because many times she felt the same, both knowing they were fortunate to have each other during those times of grief made the pain at the loss easier to manage.
“Come on Danielle we need to get cleaned up so we can meet Ethan in the officer’s mess. Oh, wait I should say the newly promoted Lieutenant Commander Ethan Thompson. By any chance are you still infatuated with Mr. Thompson?" Laughing under his breath knowing he was about to get into trouble he led his sister toward the training room exit. The automatic door in front of them opened quickly allowing them to exit to left into the corridor beyond. Walking down the corridor with her next to him, Mitch could not stop from provoking his sister further. “You know I don’t know whether I approve of Mr. Thompson and with dad not around I think I should have some say about the men you associate with.” Danielle did not waste a second before punching him smartly in the ribs causing him to wince in pain. Putting her arm around his waist, they continued down the corridor laughing very happy to be with each other. The corridor became extremely active with people rushing to perform their duties with many hurriedly half saluting them voicing their apologies as they raced down the steel corridor.
The CVNS USS Intrepid named for the famed World War II aircraft carrier CV USS Intrepid is a city in itself. In the two years spent stationed on the Intrepid, they had never met the entire crew on board or seen the entire ship. The ship is impressive beyond measure with a length of 4,780 feet with a beam of 1110 feet. The Intrepid carried 200 F-219 Gladiator fighters armed with laser mounted cannons and nuclear warhead missiles. Other fixed wing craft included 50 multipurpose fighter-bombers the F/A-212 equipped with computer or manually operated laser mounted cannons for defense and two nuclear tipped ship busting laser guided missiles. Standard armor and electronic shields protect each type of fighter and both are combat ready in space and atmosphere. To safeguard the hanger bays they are positioned at strategic locations around the Intrepid protecting them from being destroyed in any single attack.
Stopping at their staterooms, they quickly freshened up and changed into their off-duty military dress. Meeting in the corridor, they found it crowded with sailors and marines of all ranks with countless types of uniforms and colors forming a sea of color that clashed with the dull gray color of the deck ceiling and walls.  Moving through the crowd, they hurried down the long corridor finally reaching the mess hall only to wait in a long line. Ethan was waiting for them as planned so when they finally reached the mess hall entrance Danielle enthusiastically called out to him in greeting when she saw him waiting there for them.
Ethan is not a big man by any stretch of the means but he conveys strong inner confidence in his mannerisms that it is apparent to all that meet him. Some feel it makes him extremely overconfident and that overconfidence will get him or others killed because of it. Danielle likes his natural confidence and the way he carries himself in public it is the same confidence that he has around women. She likes a man who is sure of himself. His dark hair and eyes with their ever-present spark of mischief in them, always smiling face and good humor adds to his desirability.
“Hi, Danielle,” Ethan replied as enthusiastically. Staring into each other's eyes like two schoolchildren, Mitch had to clear his throat finally getting their attention as the crowd of sailors and marines had to move around them to get to a table. Suddenly, realizing they were blocking the entrance they quickly moved out of the way of the entrance to the mess hall with apologetic and embarrassed expressions on their faces.
 “Sorry sir,” Ethan exclaimed saluting Mitch. Ethan looked sharp in his green flight suit with his new rank insignia stitched on his shoulders, nametag, and warfare insignia were on his left breast pocket. All three were dressed similar in their navy working uniforms from the command ball caps on their heads to the black laced boots on their feet.
“At ease Lieutenant Commander,” Mitch said returning the salute.  Let’s go find a seat so we can get something to eat I am starved.” Laughing to himself, he let them lead the way to their table.

~~~~

Fleet Admiral Hunter Jamison III stood on the bridge of the CVNS USS Intrepid one of the finest state of the art fighting vessels in known existence. With its wings of fighters and fighter-bombers, manually aimed and computer controlled laser batteries, newest electronic sensors and shielding, heavy reinforced steel armor, ship-busting missiles with nuclear warheads none of which did anything to ease the dread that has been plaguing him since his fleet entered this sector of space. Not even the enjoyment he always feels when standing on the bridge seeing space in its majestic splendor from the panoramic bridge viewport eased the tension. The distant sun of this solar system burned bright causing a glare that the panoramic viewport self-adjusted for allowing a beautiful clear view of the surrounding planets and distant stars.
“Anything on the long-range sensors,” he said to no one individual but expecting a prompt reply.
“The sensors show no ships signatures sir,” a female officer replied. Chief Petty Officer Patricia Lyndhurst sat at one of the sensor stations dressed in the navy’s service khaki uniform a khaki button-up shirt and trousers, worn with a gold belt buckle. The shirt features two front flap pockets and a pointed collar with the ribbons worn above the left pocket of the shirt, with the warfare insignia above them. The navy is filled with tradition and all bridge personnel wear this uniform while on duty.
Something is not right he could feel it nagging at his bones. His fleet consisted of the Intrepid, the CAS USS Indianapolis Cruiser, DDS USS Fletcher Destroyer and support vehicles. Even with all of this support and firepower, a sense of urgency is telling him it is not enough that their deaths awaited them in this newly discovered solar system. The solar system suddenly went silent with no communication from the exploration fleet stationed off planet. The system went silent when the man-made wormhole generators that allow quick travel between solar systems quit sending operational and communication signals.
The man-made interstellar wormhole generators had two purposes one to transport fleets long distances in a short time and to send light speed messages through them quickly. The navy also uses them to move ships through large solar systems saving time traveling from one planet to another in a given solar system. After years of research and many failed tests, they tried a new design prototype that had greater promise of working but some said would never work. The naysayers were in an uproar about the cost of the experiment demanding the resources go to various pet projects. 
Authorization to run the test passed after many arguments, wrangling, and long-term promises brought enough people onboard to approve the tests. The scientists opened a wormhole in Earth’s solar system thinking it would take them close to mars. When the scientists sent a wormhole generator through the newly opened wormhole they were pleased to find it had worked but not as they thought it would. When the wormhole generator on the other end made it through signaling it is operational sequence codes, no one had ever dreamed it would open a wormhole in a different solar system. After many years of research and study they learned how to control the wormholes making them more stable allowing them to stay open long enough to move people and machines through them. They perfected the ability to send several wormhole generators to any system once they attained the coordinates from the first wormhole generator. To return to this system they simply sent another wormhole generator to these coordinates and the system is accessible again.
“Sir, sensors indicate inordinate amounts space wreckage. It could be the research vessels we were sent to locate.”
“Lieutenant Commander Johnson, order the fleet to power up shields and close all outer blast doors excluding the hanger bays.”
Lieutenant Commander Johnson is a big man with dark skin and coal black eyes with the physique of a wrestler. “Aye sir, he quickly responded.
The sense of impending doom and fear suddenly slammed full force into the admiral nearly overwhelming him, never in his life had he experienced anything like this. “Sound battle stations! Scramble all fighters. Sensors at maximum range do it now!” The chorus of aye sirs after the direct orders rang throughout the bridge. “Anything on the sensors,” yelled Admiral Jamison. His uncommon behavior and knowing the sensor readouts were registering space debris and not much else added to his anxiety. “Increase visual now!” None of his previous training would prepare him for what he saw next. Staring out of the panoramic bridge viewport in utter amazement, Admiral Jamison was not prepared for what he saw before him in space. “Can anyone tell me what those ships are doing out here in space?” he asked of no one in particular.

~~~~

When the alarm klaxon went off those in the mess hall began an orderly exodus to reach their battle stations. Most were irritated that their meal was so rudely interrupted thinking it is another drill. When the shipboard laser cannons began firing and the ship started taking hits they quickly went from irritation at the loss of their meal and free time to consternation and fear. Trembling from the continual laser cannon fire and the attacks made against it the ships emergency computer information system began blaring damage reports as explosions rocked the ship.
“Mitch did you hear that? Hanger bay Delta 10 is destroyed and the blast doors are closed we can’t get to our fighters,” Danielle yelled running alongside Mitch and Ethan.
Suddenly, a blast of blackness tore through the corridor in front of them shredding metal and killing dozens of people. The blast doors slammed closed cutting them off from the horrible view of the death and destruction ensuing in the corridor before them. “Follow me,” Mitch yelled. Picking himself off the floor, he ran down a side corridor. The ship is dying he could feel it and he knew on his heart he would avenge her or die trying.
“Where are we going Mitch? Do you have a plan?” Ethan asked while running alongside him down the deserted corridor.
“We are heading to Delta 15 if it is still there. We are going to take a 212 for a spin and see whether we can take it to whoever is attacking us.”
“Mitch your nuts you never flown one before,” Danielle exclaimed.
“How hard can it be Danielle?”
“Hard enough that you can get us killed!”
“It is certainly better than staying here and dying,” Ethan yelled.
Another nearby explosion suddenly slammed them to the floor. Helping each other up, they ran into hanger bay Delta 15. Fortunately, the hanger bay shields were still functioning and the blast doors were still open. All the F/A-212 fighter-bombers had cleared the hanger except one. They stopped as one and stared out in space at a site that froze them to their bones.

~~~~

Time stood still for Fleet Admiral Hunter as he looked around the bridge at his crew consisting of fifty men and woman all officers, all battle hardened sailors at their tiered battle stations. They sat in front of sensor equipment, fire-control systems, and communication stations, all of them in a half circle facing the panoramic viewport. Some had their mouths hanging open in disbelief; others looked on with intense fear etching their faces. Still, others stared not comprehending the magnitude of the horror before their eyes. He could feel the fear inside him, hating that feeling making him more determined he would not die this day a coward. Grabbing the fear burning inside him, he gradually turned it into resolution and determination. Only seconds had passed, but it felt more like an eternity when he regained his battle-hardened composure and his mind returned to the reality of their impending doom. In all his years in space, he has never seen anything of this magnitude, even when an alien race backtracked through the wormhole generators to the Earth’s solar system and a terrible space battle ensued to protect Earth from invasion.
 Visuals were streaming into the computer system unabated. “Fire-control teams set all guns to manual and use visuals to hit your targets. Launch all missiles to proximity detonate,” Hunter said now firmly back in control.
“Missiles away sir, contact in twenty-seconds,” Chief Petty Officer Lyndhurst calmly advised. Pausing in contemplation she continued, “Sir, sensors are showing an unidentifiable shield in front of the enemy!  It is like nothing I have ever seen. Nothing is getting passed it our laser cannons are not having any affect and we are taking hits from their weapons!”
To the bridge crew, it felt like an eternity passed before the missiles reached the strange shield protecting the enemy fleet and exploded. The explosion lit space with a blinding light that the panoramic viewport quickly adjusted for protecting the entire bridge crew from temporary blindness from the super nova like flash. In seconds, the view of space returned to normal and with it the cold realization that the enemies strange shield held.  Striking back with intensity far greater than before thousands of beams of unnatural blackness ripped through space toward the fleet slamming into shields some ripping into the armored hulls of the ships.  The Intrepid shuddered on impact with damage assessment screens lit all over the bridge. Admiral Hunter knew one more attack of that intensity and they were finished.
“Hanger bay Delta 10 has been destroyed none of the fighters from that squadron made it out sir.  All but one of the 212’s from Hanger bay Delta 10 got out sir and are engaging the enemy. Hangers Omega 29, 33 and 39 are clear and all fighters are engaging the enemy sir.”  Hunter looked at the new officer newly billeted on the Intrepid. He felt ashamed that he did not know the officers name. The fleet is in deaths throws, two-hundred fixed wing craft against a thousand of those alien vessels and our weapons do not seem to have any effect on them how can we stop them he questioned himself as another barrage struck the Intrepid. Suddenly, the bridge of the Intrepid is incinerated in a ball off flame his last thought thinking only of saving his crew.

~~~~

“Get to the 212!” Mitch yelled running toward the fighter-bomber.  Followed closely by Ethan and Danielle they flew into the already opened hatch of the 212. Mitch dived into the pilots seat followed by Ethan in the copilots seat then Danielle in the fire-control navigation seat. Mitch fired up the twin nuclear powered Rolls-Royce jet engines taxiing the 212 toward the runway shutting off the hanger shield.  Not waiting for any preflight checks Mitch pushed the throttle forward full power and blasted out of the hanger bay the shield returning to full power the instant they cleared.
“Fire Control computer won’t lock on any targets Mitch!
“Go manual use your visual Danielle.”
“Mitch heads-up debris everywhere, the fleet is done for!”
“I think you are right Ethan. Danielle how is the targeting going? I cannot keep dodging those blasts of blackness coming from those ships forever. They seem to blot out the stars; it is the only way I can see them!”
“They're not having any effect on them! I know I hit one dead broadside with no apparent damage.”
Mitch flew with extraordinary ability and control of the 212 as if it could fly like the F-219 Gladiator dodging blasts of darkness, debris, all the while watching his fellow pilots die.  Never in his short life could he fly like this. Seeing the fighters blowing up made him think of back home on Earth the way hundreds of fireflies would wink out at night. Suddenly, he jerked the 212 hard left to avoid a slashing flash of darkness bringing him around facing the Intrepid in time to see a concerted attack by the enemy their beams of darkness slashing through space directly at her. In an instant, she exploded into a massive ball of flame. Mitch jerked the controls hard right and down to avoid the explosion and the debris that would follow the 212 screaming at the mistreatment. Smaller faster moving pieces struck the 212 but the shields held. Quickly looking back at his sister, he saw tears running down her face, but he could not afford to grieve while keeping them alive.
 “Mitch what are we going to do? You can’t hold them off much longer, the fleets gone,” Ethan said saying the obvious.
In instant something changed inside Mitch, he imagined he could feel the 212 around him and sense the adrenalin pumped heartbeats of his companions. Reaching out farther, he could sense the whereabouts of the alien ships, when and where they were going to use their blasts of darkness. Then he found something else he saw in his imagination a vast circle of light with spiraling bands of gold, orange and red all spiraling inward like a funnel. He is not sure whether he imagined it or the image suddenly appeared in his mind but somehow he knew the circle of light is their only hope to escape this onslaught.
“Danielle set the two warheads to proximity detonation and to release them on my mark.” Mitch jerked the 212 hard left then hard right and down trying desperately to avoid a blast of darkness and more floating wreckage. Burning wreckage slammed into the side of the 212 causing some systems in the cabin to short out. Suddenly, their escape appeared right in front of them as vast circle of light. Mitch increased the speed of the 212 way beyond the normal operating parameters.
“Mitch what is that?” Danielle looked away from the fire-control panel to stare openmouthed at the bright spiraling circle of light.
“Our only hope of escape that's what it is, Danielle on my mark!” Mitch began counting down from five to one. When Mitch yelled her name, it brought her back to the grim reality that they faced preparing to unleash a fiery inferno in their little corner of space. Placing her hand on a holograph control panel an image of the warheads floated above her hand. Checking the systems holographic readouts making sure they were armed, she released them on Mitch’s mark.
The seconds passed as Mitch guided the 212 toward the spiraling circle of light. The sudden blast and the accompanying shock wave drove the beleaguered craft directly into the center of the circle of light. Instantly, the onboard systems started shorting and all control of the 212 was instantly lost. The off-line battery operated emergency systems came on controlling the pressurization in the cabin, oxygen and gravity.  They hurtled through the light at a dizzying speed the intense vertigo causing all three to lose consciousness.

~~~~

Celedryl walked carefully down a narrow mountain trail sometimes only a few feet wide with a treacherous fall on her left side to the valley floor far below. On her right side, the slate gray granite of the mountain impeded her view. She stopped to look far beyond the valley to the surrounding mountains. Every time she came this way, she would stop and admire the beauty of a valley she has come love very much. She let her gaze slowly drift across the valley to the mountains beyond covered in green lichen and mountain grass growing haphazardly on ledges and across the face of the granite peaks. This caused a sharp contrast between the green color and the slate gray of the mountain range but added to the beauty of it. Looking left toward the opposite end of the valley toward Mount Gaea she gazed upon its natural beauty. Legend says that the mountain is the home of the fairy and its name means goddess in the old language. A massive waterfall about halfway down the side of the mountain branches into three waterfalls feeding the valley below. During spring, the water from the snowmelt flooded the valley bringing fertile sediment into it enriching the soil in the process.
She continued warily down the trail toward the valley floor being careful not to fall to her death. Celedryl is a tall girl as is most men and woman of her clan. Where most had blond hair and blue eyes, she had dark hair and brown eyes sparkling with the love of life. This dissimilarity hinted of mixed blood but no one had the heart to ask any questions or bring it up. Her long dark hair cascaded of over her leather pullover long sleeve shirt in ringlets and waves almost to her waist. Covering her long shapely legs her leather pants fit perfectly accenting her slim waist wrapped with a brown leather belt and brass buckle. Hanging from the belt a foot long hunting knife sheathed in leather with a solid white bone handle and brass guard gave her an appearance of an accomplished feline huntress. On her back, she had a small pack and a leather quiver filled with arrows for the bow she carried in her left hand. The soft fur lined leather mountain boots on her feet although comfortable are sturdy enough to protect her feet in the harshest of environments.
When she reached the end of the trail leading into the valley, she stopped letting her gaze drift across the valley floor. The valley looked so much different to her now that she is on the valley floor instead of up on the side of the mountain. The length of the valley is roughly two leagues with the distance across about a league. Everywhere she could see the late fall flowers were still in bloom, honey bees frantically buzzing around them, and small mountain blue birds picking up dead grass to make their winter nests in the cracks and tiny holes on the sides of the surrounding mountains. A cool breeze hinting of the winter to come blew across the valley making the knee-high grass bend and move like the waves of an ocean. The few trees dotting the valley floor are mostly hardy black oak and fir trees.
Celedryl loved to come to this valley and walk its length and breadth. Her main reasons to come here, is the privacy the valley afforded her, and to get away from the village life with the trials and responsibilities that living in a large village entailed. She liked to hunt for food here too and with the abundance of small game like rabbits, ground squirrels, and small deer, she could feed herself quite easily. She especially enjoyed bathing in the streams and soaking in the warm sunshine afterward to dry. This would be her last chance to do that before winter set in and it would be back to bathing in the large kettles in the women’s communal baths.
Making her way toward the nearest oak tree to find some wood for a fire, a wolf black as night with a mouth full of long fangs and sharp teeth suddenly leaped on her knocking her to the ground. Dropping her bow, she wrapped her arms around his neck, and laughed delighted to see him. He licked her all over her face until she finally had enough. “Get off me you big oaf!”
Pushing him off her, she kneeled in front of the big wolf that happily walked into her waiting arms for another hug and some scratching behind the ears. “Where have you been Farwalker? I have not seen you for a week or more.” He looked at her turning his head from side to side as if he understood everything she said.
She thought about the time she found him as a pup sitting next to his dead mother. Looking at the tracks on the ground and the terrible wounds on her body, Celedryl determined that a mountain bear had killed her. She remembered that she found him not far from here and to this day wondered why a mountain bear was in the valley. He was so cute sitting there a tiny thing that he was guarding his mother’s body. His little growl won her over and she knew she could not leave him to starve and die a lonely a death.
She pulled off her pack and sat a few feet away from him so she would not be so menacing to him. Gently with no quick movements, she set her bow to the side digging in her pack for some dried meat she kept there for emergencies. She took a small piece gently tossing it to him landing on the ground in front of him. She had to smile when he stretched his little nose out as far as he could without moving his feet and sniffed it. He decided it smelled good so he quickly ate it. Celedryl repeated the process until gradually he came closer to her. Finally, he was sniffing the tips of her fingers, then the piece of meat in her hand. He snatched the meat and ran as fast as his tiny legs would go back to stand next to his mother’s body.
Celedryl took that as a small victory and made ready for the night. She took out her ground blanket and laid it on the ground grabbing her pack to use as a pillow. Lying down with her head on her pack, she looked at the stars starting to show in the beautiful night sky as the sun went down behind the mountains enjoying the peace and solitude of the valley. After a time passed she was about to fall asleep, when she felt a furry little head on her arm snuggling closer to her. Smiling to herself, she drifted off to sleep.
Farwalker licked her face again jerking her out of her reflections of the past. Standing she scratched him once more on his head before grabbing her bow from the ground. “Come Farwalker, I need to find some wood for a fire.”
With the wolf following, Celedryl reached the oak tree, gathered an adequate amount of wood for her fire, and proceeded to her favorite campsite. The campsite is next to one of the many streams intersecting the valley floor. Nearing the stream, the ground gently sloped downward until it reached the streambed. Farwalker walked to the stream to get a drink while she began setting up camp. She took out her hunting knife and flint out of her pack to start a fire and after a few tries of striking her knife on the flint; she got a small fire going. She carefully fed the small fire until she had a warm fire going.
Grabbing her ground blanket from her pack, she laid it out next to her fire making sure her bow and quiver of arrows were next to the blanket so they would be in easy reach. The valley has always been a safe place but danger can lurk anywhere intruding on her secret place. She unbuckled her belt letting her hunting knife fall to the ground next to the blanket. Pulling her leather shirt over her head, she folded it neatly setting it on her pack. Quickly pulling off her boots and pants eager to bathe in the stream, she paused for a moment, looking at her shapely legs and thighs wondering if she is beautiful, and what kind of man would find her desirable. Not a young girl any longer, she had grown to be a young women coming of marriage age.
Walking barefoot into the stream, she plunged under the cold water quickly bringing chills up and down her body. She luxuriated in the cold stream closing her eyes and letting the water soothe her as it gently flowed passed her. After a time she decided she had better get out and let the sun dry her before she caught a chill. Quickly stepping out of the stream, she hurried to her warm fire and blanket running her fingers through her long hair she pulled it gently behind her slightly pointed ears.
Sitting cross her legged on her blanket, she luxuriated in the warmth of the fire and sun on her back. After a time, she lay back on the blanket with her legs out in front of her enjoying the sun on her body starting to feel sleepy when Farwalker growled menacingly. Sitting up quickly looking about her for any danger, she could see what had Farwalker so alarmed. Something was falling from the sky from over the tops of the mountains toward this valley. Two objects, with sails trailing behind them reminding her of the pictures of sailing ships she had seen in her tutor’s books, came screaming out of the high clouds heading straight toward her.  Awed at the sight of these things falling from the sky, never in her short life has she seen such a thing, she became afraid wondering what it meant to her. She had a feeling her life was about to change for the better or for the worst she was not sure.

~~~~

The President of the United States sat in the Oval Office watching the destruction of the United States Seventh Space Fleet Task Force 70 for the tenth time. The more he had viewed the images the more the images burned into his head. What caught his attention was the circle of light with spiraling bands of multicolored light that reminded him of a wormhole similar to the ones they use. He watched again as one of the navy’s F/A-212 fighter-bombers flew right into it. Watching this again only added to his frustration because he had too many questions whirling in his head and no answers to them. Feeling himself driven mad with frustration, he cursed loudly slamming his hand down on his desk. 
The president is a big man with ebony skin and curly black hair with a sprinkling of gray, cut close to his head military style. He sat behind his mahogany desk that he had requisitioned for the Oval Office because big beautiful desks like this never went out of fashion as some in the White House thought.  When he had it delivered, the maintenance crew that had to lug it in here were grunting and complaining at how heavy the desk is. I bet they think it is out of fashion he had laughed to himself at the time especially since his predecessor did not have a desk at all only a few comfortable chairs to sit around in and chat or something. The desk is not simply a mahogany desk it had all the newest technology anyone could ever wish for including the president.
The desk has the newly installed Stellargraphic Systems Incorporated communication system replacing the old holographic system previously employed. The advancement in technology made the system far more realistic than the old system with the images more defined and stable to the point they are the most realistic images ever. They are so real that at times like this the president had to fight vertigo watching them play out in front of him. The images projected down from the ceiling above to the floor level allowing the viewer to orient the image or walk around the projected image to the opposite side for a different viewing angle. He used the Stellargraphic System for everything including conferencing and communications all over the world but this time he is using it to inflict self-torture, every time a ship was blown up a piece of his heart died.
  For most of his life, President Andrew W Jackson was a discerning and thoughtful man. At sixty-three, he had learned that to be otherwise was to admit defeat in all things important and sitting behind his desk being frustrated is counterproductive and not very thoughtful. He had not always been a president before this; he was a college athlete graduating from the United States Naval Academy top of the class. He went in the navy as a young officer and thirty years later came out as an Admiral Chief of Naval Operations. Following that, he ran for governor of Texas and won serving two terms as governor of Texas and now he finds himself in the Oval Office the leader of the free world. His mother gave him his name; she said he needed a presidential name to go with his last name never dreaming he would be president in her lifetime.
Suddenly, a hard rapid knocking at the Oval Office door snapped him out of his reflections. He sighed looking at the door knowing he had to face the inevitable problems waiting on the other side. “Come in Scott!” Placing his hand over a small control panel embedded into his desk he shut the Stellargraphic system down. He had long since turned off the sound, another advancement in technology a subsidiary of  Stellargraphic Systems Incorporated called Stellarsound Systems Incorporated discovered that could add sound matching the quality of the images to make the experience more intense. Every explosion shook the walls of the office disturbing all those outside the office working nearby.
The door immediately opened and a well-dressed younger man wearing an expensive Italian made dark blue three-piece suit and shoes walked in. Scott Anderson always liked to look his best, expensive clothes, and two-hundred dollar haircuts and fancy shoes. Not a big man, he still carried himself well with a sure confidence in his ability to succeed in everything he tries. Walking up to one of the two chairs in front of the desk and without waiting for an invitation, he sat brusquely into the chair. The president looked at Scott with a shocked expression not because of him taking a seat without invitation to sit but his appearance and mannerisms. His blond hair is out of place looking as if he had been running his fingers through it, his shirt unbuttoned with his tie pulled done about two inches is not the normal for mister perfect.
“I see you are having the same kind of day I am,” the president observed.
Scott looked at the president shaking his head yes. Scott is the president’s chief of staff and closest adviser. Even though Scott is half the president’s age, he is a trusted member of the presidential staff. Standing the president casually walked to a bookshelf built into one wall to a crystal decanter and glasses rested on one of the bottom shelves. Picking up the decanter, he took the crystal top off setting it on the tray pouring two full glasses of bourbon. Setting the decanter on the tray he picked up the two glasses of bourbon pausing looking around the around the room gathering his thoughts. He had the room remodeled to suit him taking great pride in the portraits of two past presidents hanging on one paneled wall and the rows of antique books sitting on the bookshelves around the room.
 Walking back to his desk, he sat on the front edge handing a glass to Scott. Both took a drink letting the warmth of the bourbon work its way to down to their stomachs relaxing them some. “Scott you have all the same intelligence that I have which is not much. All I know is we are facing an enemy that looks like it is from some past mystical Dark Ages and our weapons do not have any effect on them.”
“Mr. President,” Scott paused in thought before continuing. “What has me out of my element and you know I am never out of my element is we do not know who this foe is or how to defeat them. What is certain is they have destructive capabilities that I have never imagined except in fairy-tale stories and fantasy novels from the twentieth century. Therefore, with that in mind I have a team searching electronic archives of all the old fairy tales and fantasy stories ever written. They are to look for any reference they can on the subject however implausible it may sound.” 
“Scott if they need go to North Pole to check out a lead…”
“I know Mr. President they understand,” Scott interrupted the president.
“All right from this point on drop the formalities; we don’t have the time for procedures and red tape. From this point on while in private or intelligence meetings with the joint chiefs I am simply Walker. Press conferences and meetings of state we will have to use normal decorum and protocols.” The president liked his middle name much better than his first. Even as a child, he thought Walker is a great name for a die-hard Texan.
“Ok Mr. President I mean Walker. That might take some getting used to sir.”
“I am sure you can manage Scott.”
“Yes Mr. President,” he laughed both enjoying the humor of the moment.
The moment passed and the each took a sip of their drink. Walking around his desk to his chair, he set his drink on his desk. Taking off his dark-brown suit jacket, he laid it over the back of his high back chair loosening his tie before he sat looking directly at Scott. 

~~~~

Mitch is the first to rouse looking at Ethan, he noticed that his breathing is normal his chest rising and falling but still unconscious so he reached over gently shaking him. Mitch saw him starting to stir so he quickly unbuckled his harness to check his sister. Quickly climbing around his seat, he went to her kneeling in front of her chair. Unbuckling her safety harness, he placed his hand on her shoulder and gently shaking her.
“Danielle you have to wake up, open your eyes.” Her eyes fluttered slightly at the sound of Mitch's voice.
“Mitch?” she whispered.
“Yeah Danielle I am her with you.”
“Mitch what happened?” She asked trying to focus her mind and her eyes on Mitch.
 “I am not sure. Can you stand?”
“I think so.”
Taking her hands in his he helped her stand, shaky on her feet; she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek thankful to be alive. Scrambling to get out of the copilots seat with a worried look on his face Ethan hurried to see if Danielle was well. Danielle smiled at him reassuring him that she is fine; she still did not like to show too much affection for him in front of her protective brother.
“Mitch, do you have any idea where we are?” Ethan asked.
“No Ethan all the navigational systems are fried, only emergency systems are working at optimum. Look out the front viewport at the planet below us, it looks similar to Earth,” he said pointing toward the 212s front view port.
“All right then we take the escape pods for a ride down to the planet and enjoy a little vacation time. We have been griping for months that we need some time off so here we go,” Danielle said trying for a little lightheartedness, looking at the beautiful planet below secretly very fearful of their situation.
With a little laugh Ethan said, “I am up for it let’s do it.”
“Nice, you guys but we don’t have a choice. The 212 will not stay in orbit for long, I am sure the orbit is deteriorating quickly. We will need to get into the escape pods right away,” Mitch said firmly. They are in more danger than they are letting on and needed to take it seriously.
“Ok, spoil sport we will get into the pods, but it is the vacation we have been wishing for,” Danielle said with a silly grin on her face. Mitch could not help but laugh at his sister.
“Here is what we do, make sure the pod homing beacons are on so if we are separated we can find each other. Chances are that will not happen but why take any unnecessary chances. Before you open the hatch, check the pods atmospheric readouts to make sure it is safe. From here, the planet seems to resemble Earth but you can never tell. Once we get down, we will see to our survival. Hopefully, it will be the vacation we have all been begging for,” Mitch laughed.
The F/A-212 is a big craft it had room for its normal payload and three of the newest escape pods. For propulsion, they are equipped with a liquid fueled jet engine, a computer controlled navigation system and stabilizer thrusters. Once in atmosphere, the thrusters would slow the pods down and the parachutes it carried would theoretically allow a gentle and safe landing.  The tubes are ten feet long and four feet wide. The unit opens like a coffin with the occupant lying on their back. Once the unit is sealed, the heads-up display is directly above them in the escape hatch. The display gives constant temperature, angle, speed, and altimeter readings. The pods have a manual control system installed for emergency use only.
Upon inspection of the three pods lined up parallel in the stern, only two of them were functioning with one dark and the access hatch would not open. They were stunned and amazed that after everything that has happened; someone would still likely not survive. The pressing issue is whom it would be, who would be willing to save the others and sacrifice themselves.
“All right you two get in the pods we are running out of time," Mitch quickly ordered hoping to prevent any chance of discussion.
“No I can’t lose you Mitch! You are all the family I have left,” Danielle said with tears welling up in her eyes.
“I will stay and try to fix the pod Mitch you need to be with your sister.” That caused Danielle more distress because she did not want to lose either of them.
“There has to be another way,” Danielle said trying to control her emotions.
“Get in your pod that is a direct order," Mitch said more sternly than he wanted to.
Danielle hugged her brother for what she thought was the last time. “I love you,” she sobbed climbing into her pod.
Ethan shook Mitch’s hand with a look of assurance on his face that told him everything he wanted to know that his sister would be safe with Ethan. Watching the access hatches close on the pods he suddenly felt very alone, maybe for the first time in his life he is truly alone. Quickly moving into the launching tubes the pods abruptly stopped while the launch tubes rear doors sealed shut preserving atmospheric integrity. Mitch could hear the outer doors opening and knew in seconds they would launch. Suddenly, the 212 shook as the two pods launched. The suddenness of it overwhelmed him already missing his sister; he prayed they would have a safe landing on the planet below. He could see them for a moment out of the 212s front viewport then they were gone into the atmosphere.
Staring hard at the disabled pod, he wondered what to do next. "How do I get my butt off this wreck," he shouted in frustration. I might be able to divert the emergency power into the pod to see if it would function but if the pod circuitry is as bad as I suspect it would short out even more and there would not be enough life support to sustain me to find another solution to escape if that one failed. He stood there for a moment frustrated then gave up and sat in the pilot's chair staring out the front view port at the planet below. I hope they are ok, he thought closing his eyes to trying to relax and think of a solution.
The pod jet engines blasted them away from the stricken fighter-bomber leaving a beloved brother and new friend behind. Both knew what Mitch had done was courageous though navy regulations required it and they fervently hoped he would find a way to the safety of the planet below. When the engines stopped firing the vibration and the loud noise of the engines ceased, they knew they would be entering the atmosphere any second and the ride would get ruff. Slamming into the atmosphere the pods thrusters started firing to compensate for speed and angle. If either were to be incorrect, the pods would burn in atmosphere. The onboard computers were intuitive enough to compensate and make adjustments by using the temperature of the outer hull, angle of descent and the speed to make those adjustments.
The pods were taking a beating entering what could be the mesosphere because the temperature readouts were climbing alarmingly. The thrusters are firing incessantly to slow the speed of the pods and to change the angle of attack. Both knew if the computers failed them now they would burn in an instant. Watching the readouts with more than a little trepidation, though they knew what to expect it did little to ease the fear and unease they were feeling now. Minutes passed and the temperature readings showed the temperature of the hulls dropping rapidly. It could indicate they have entered a troposphere much like earths. Not long afterward, the heads-up display showed the parachutes successfully deploying slowing their speed and the readouts showing they are quickly approaching the surface. Now if only they do not hit a mountain or land in an ocean they should be safe.
Mitch sat in the pilot seat with his eyes closed trying to imagine how he had managed to get into this predicament that he now found himself in and how he was going to save himself. He knew he could not bring the 212 into atmosphere without him and it disintegrating in flames, the pod is not functioning, what am I supposed to do he thought in frustration. I imagine if I had access to that circle of light with the spiraling bands, it would get me safely to the planet, he reasoned.
“Well that certainly took you long enough. I did not think it would take you this long to realize what you need to do to escape the predicament you find yourself in.”
“What? Whoa, now I know I am losing my mind,” Mitch yelled aloud.
“You do not need to shriek at the top of your lungs I can hear you!”
“Who are you that you can do this? How do I know I am not having a serious case of space sickness?”
“I do not know what space sickness is, but I do know you are in grave danger and need to escape your foundering ship.”
“How am I supposed to do that open the door and walk out into space? How do I know I can trust a strange voice in my head?”
“I knew you might be stubborn, but not to this extent. Please you must listen to what I am saying. Clear your mind of doubt in me and please try to trust me. I am all you have now so you need to follow my instructions if you want to live. You need to use your imagination so you can create a threshold. You do have an imagination do you not?”
Mitch had always been a practical person but someone talking in his head is way beyond his imagining. All he kept thinking is this could not be it had to be his imagination or the lack of oxygen in the cabin of the 212 he thought. That has to be it! It has to be combination of the two; he thought to himself trying to ignore the voice in his head.
“Are you going to yammer away until you find yourself dead? We must hurry before it is too late to save you!”
“Do you know you are a very pushy person?” he asked humorously finding a little humor in the situation even now. The voice laughed inside his head and he thought it sounded like a woman's voice and very cute one at that.
“Of course I am a woman you cannot tell by the tone of my thoughts I am sending to you?” she asked with a smile in her thoughts.
“Ok, so are you married or have a boyfriend? Wait never mind you could be eighty years old!” he laughed knowing she did not sound as if she was very old. 
“Are you so naïve that you do not understand the need to hurry?” she asked in exasperation knowing he was trying to insert a little levity into a very serious situation.
”Ok, tell me what I need to do,” he replied conceding to her obvious understanding of the danger involved in saving his life.
“Our minds must stay joined; nothing bad will happen to you if you follow my instructions. You must lower the boundaries of you mind and let me join more fully with you so I can send you an image of me and where I am.”
“Hold up a second you're already inside my head how much farther do you need to go,” Mitch wondered more than a little alarmed at the thought of someone he does not know possibly taking over his mind.
“Please listen to me I have my own limitations to what I can do. I cannot control your mind nor read it either I can only hear what you think aloud your secrets are safe so long as you do not think about them. Please you need to trust me; you are going to die if you do not get off your ship. I can help you create a threshold that you will cross through that will bring you safely to where I am. You will need to clear all doubt and misgivings from your mind and trust me. Your mind is more powerful than you think and you need to believe that it can truly save you. Can you do this or do I need to hold your hand?” she asked lightheartedly this time she tried a little levity to ease the tension some.
“Yes,” he replied with more self-assurance than he really felt ignoring her attempt at humor.
“Relax your mind so I can send an image of me and the surrounding area to you. Once, you see it clearly in your mind you need to imagine yourself there and the spell will come naturally.”
The image came unbidden to him causing a sharp pain as it intruded on his mind but when he relaxed and did not fight it, he saw an image of a forest glade with oak trees around the boundaries with shafts of sunlight slanting down through the openings between the branches of the trees forming a canopy above. A small stream meandered through the center of the glade with a few small rocks resting along the edges. Insects and motes of dust flickered through the shafts of sunlight slipping between the tree branches above. Immediately catching his attention is the image of a woman standing in the center of the glade next to the stream.
She has to be the most beautiful woman he has ever seen in his life. More than that, she had an aura around her drawing him to her.  He gazed at her coal-black curly hair hanging to her shoulders, becoming quickly mesmerized with her dark eyes with their perpetual piercing look when he looked directly into them. Her dark hair clashed with the fair skin of her oval face with its high cheekbones, small nose and perfect lips did not detract from her beauty if anything it added to it. She wore a button down the front leather shirt hinting at a cleavage and tight fitting leather pants tucked into her brown boots showing off her shapely hips. Around her slim waist is a leather belt with a sword hanging from her left hip and a belt knife on her right side. 
Focusing on the image of her beautiful diminutive oval face, he imagined he was next to her with his arms around her looking directly into her intense dark eyes his lips brushing hers in a light kiss leading to a deeply heartfelt kiss. Imagining her body crushed against his pulling him into her very spirit joining as one he gloried in feelings he has never felt knowing in his heart that what he is feeling was right. Suddenly, appearing inside the 212 was a threshold with spiraling bands of gold, orange and red all spiraling inward like a funnel. 
Walking into it without hesitation, he instantly appeared directly in front of the woman that rescued him. Still thinking that he was near death sitting in the pilot's seat of the 212 imagining all of this he let his senses roam, smelling an essence of lilacs or some such flower, but certainly pleasing to his sense of smell coming from the woman standing before him. Intruding on the pleasing fragrance, he could smell the forest around him with its wet mossy like odor. Listening carefully he could hear the sounds of animals moving about, birds chirping and squirrels running through the branches of the oaks. A moment passed and he realized this had to be real and not a figment of his imagination.
“As I suspected you do have a great imagination,” she moved slightly closer to him looking up at him.
Mitch blushing furiously like an adolescent boy with his first love tentatively bent his head toward her brushing his lips gently against hers. She gracefully slid one arm around his waist and with the other; she wrapped it around his neck pulling him down toward her waiting lips in a passionate kiss.  He could feel her firm breasts pressing against him and an obtrusive sword hilt in his stomach reminding him that she might be quite dangerous. Time passed slowly until finally they halfheartedly separated.
“Well,” she paused to catch her breath and regain her composure before continuing. “You do indeed have a great imagination, something I might like to explore at another time but we must leave quickly before the agents of darkness sent to kill you find us still here.” 
“Wait who are you? Why does someone want to kill me? What is your part in all of this? How is it I understand what you are saying when it does not sound anything like any language I have ever heard? I am not going any farther until I get some straight answers." Mitch refused to move with a stern expression his arms crossed like a petulant child.
Her laugh was musical and magical at the same time causing him to release his anger and fear all at once feeling comfortable and trusting in her presence. Hoping it did not get him killed, he had a distinct feeling she is going to lead him into a boatload of trouble before this was over.
“My name is Leadyl. That will have to suffice for now. Hurry you must follow me,” she said quickly disappearing behind some trees.

~~~~

Putting on her leather pants and shirt quickly followed by her belt knife Celedryl virtually flew into her boots. Putting out her fire with her water bottle, she hurried to the stream to refill it before replacing it in her pack. Slinging her pack over her back, followed by her quiver of arrows, she picked up her bow quickly heading across the valley toward the falling objects. Not understanding what she was seeing she became fearful knowing that if she continued heading toward the falling objects she very well might learn what they are and regret doing so.
Drawing nearer to where she thought they might land she knocked an arrow and waited with Farwalker. They did not have long to wait when the shiny objects came crashing to the ground ripping up grass and flowers sending up clouds dust and debris the intense noise they made on landing reverberating across the valley. Celedryl hurriedly turned away shielding her face from fragments of dirt and rock flying in her direction. Skidding to a halt nose first into the ground the objects tore up a two-hundred foot trough on the valley floor before coming to a thundering stop.
When the dust and dirt finally settled, she got a better look at the objects. Their long tube like metal shape gleamed in the bright sunlight with multicolored lights blinking on and off and the huge sail like canvas trailing behind on the ground behind amazed her. Seeing the heat shimmer off the metal similar to a heat mirage across the valley in high summer she thought whatever they are; they were too hot to touch. Unexpectedly, a buzzing sound reminding her of a beehive but much louder startled her and Farwalker. The top half of both tubes began opening slowly causing her and Farwalker to tense ready if an attack was forthcoming. Quickly drawing back on her bow, she watched them open wondering what awaited her. Am I in danger? Should I run while I still can and tell the clan of this wondrous thing? Something deep in the recesses of her mind stopped her, a tiny voice telling her to stay and see this through.
Celedryl watched as two people stepped out of the pods to stand near each other in front them staring at her with startled expressions on their faces. One a beautiful woman and the other an extremely attractive man in a type of clothing she has never seen.  She could see the look of surprise mixed with intense caution on their faces and wondered whether they were wizards of some kind or another and if so why were they worried about her and her little bow. Either way if they charged her or tried any magic she knew she could get at least one and Farwalker the other. She decided to aim her bow at the woman thinking she would be the faster of the two if they suddenly charged her. When they began speaking with each other, she could not understand a word of what they were saying.
“So we go from the burning pod into the fire?”
“I think you got that wrong Ethan. It is from the frying pan into the fire.”
“I was trying to make it fit the circumstance,” Ethan said dryly.
“What language do you speak and what or who are you? Are you wizards that you control these magical things?” Celedryl demanded to know pointing her bow at the escape pods.
“Danielle she is trying to ask something and I bet she wants to know who we are. I think we need to defuse this before it escalates."
“I agree maybe we should sit-down slowly right where we are. I think we could rush her, but I am sure she would get me before I take two steps and I am not ready to die on some planet in who knows where galaxy. Besides we are on her planet and I have a feeling we need her if we are to survive. Look at the dog she has with her, he is magnificent.”
“Danielle I think he is a wolf not a dog that aside we should do what you say before we scare her into shooting you with her arrow. She does seem to have it pointed mostly in your direction.” Slowly and very carefully not to alarm the girl they sat on the ground next to the pods placing their hands on their legs.
Seeing their genuine acquiescence she released the tension on the bow keeping the arrow notched but pointing toward the ground, walking slowly toward them, she stopped within ten feet of them. Kneeling on her knees with her bow nocked in her left hand, she let her pack slide off her shoulders to the ground next to her. With her right hand, she opened her pack taking out her water bottle making a universal drinking motion near her mouth. The two strangers nodded their heads vigorously smiling appreciatively. Tossing her water bottle to the man who deftly caught it, she watched him take the stopper out of the bottle and hand it to the women to drink first from it. Celedryl liked that he let the woman drink before him it showed that they were at least civilized and polite in nature.
“This water is wonderful Ethan,” Danielle said enthusiastically handing the bottle back to Ethan who quickly took a drink before replying.
“Sure is cold and thirst quenching. It could also be that our thirst was keener than we thought.”
“I don’t think so it is plain good. I am starved I wonder if she has any food in her pack. We did not get to finish our lunch with Mitch today.” When she said that, she suddenly broke down sobbing with her head down hands over her face. Ethan jumped to his feet not caring whether he frightened the girl with the bow. He quickly knelt next to Danielle and held her until the sobbing subsided.
Celedryl saw this and wondered what had befallen them to cause the women to sob so. She sat there patiently as the man assuaged the sobbing woman. She knew something was amiss, but it would have to wait until later to learn what had befallen them, because now they needed to make camp before nightfall and find something to eat.  Deciding to trust them she waited until it appeared the woman had gained control of her emotions before standing. With her right hand, she motioned them to follow her heading to a campsite that she frequented not looking back to see if they were following her.
Chapter 2

“All right Scott let's go over what we know and see what falls out. We know we are facing an powerful unknown enemy and at this point indestructible one. It has made one incursion into our space as far as we know with the given intelligence that we have. Unless you can think of anything else it is all we have," the president said sitting across from his chief of staff.
“That sums it up Walker. Outside of that, we have media concerns, and the usual prime ministers and their ambassadors clamoring at the top of their lungs for information. The Russian and Chinese delegates are as vocal as always wanting meetings now. I have been in communication with them all morning deflecting their questions and their request for meeting times. To top that off the leaders of the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate are waiting outside to talk to you with the Secretary of Defense stuck in the middle. We will also need to decide what we are going to tell the American people. “
“What we tell the American people we are going to tell the rest of the world and the outlying colonies. Those colonies could be in more danger of invasion than we are at this point. Heck Scott we cannot even say that for sure. We do not know their mode of space travel for their vessels. We use the man-made wormhole generators and make a series of jumps what do they do go wherever they want to?”
Scott looked at the president and did not know what to say. He did not have any answers to give him. The attack on the fleet attack and subsequent problems associated with it is more than both men could comprehend and deal with. They were going to need help solving this mystery but where is this help going to come he could not say. 

~~~~

Leadyl walked with furtiveness of someone born to do so. Mitch on the other hand, walked through the forest stepping on every stick crashing through intermittent patches of underbrush causing a terrible commotion. They left the glade at a measured pace with Leadyl in the lead quickly followed by a struggling Mitch. The trail wound its way among the trees with as many natural hazards that a forest could possible put in Mitch’s way. He knew the roots were purposely in his path trying to trip him, not mention loose stones, vines crawling along the ground and some hanging from low limbs so he could hang himself on them as he walked past.  Through all of this Leadyl effortlessly walked down the trail without tripping, stubbing her toe or hanging herself. Mitch could hear Leadyl giggling making him angrier.
Large red oak with their russet and bright-red leaves grew on either side of the trail their heavy branches intermingling creating a canopy above the trail. The undergrowth is sparse under the thick canopy with oak leaves on the ground hiding unidentifiable wildlife darting through them away from the noise Mitch is making. Squirrels raised their voices angrily at them, and Mitch knew they were directing their anger at him.  They jumped from branch to branch, making acorns fall on his head that felt more like tiny rocks than acorns. Continuing down the trail, Leadyl laughed even harder holder her sides while Mitch ducked his head floundering his way through the forest.
Gradually the forest changed from oak giving way to tall pine with their bluish-green needles, jutting from the forest floor to upward of a hundred feet. All kinds of species of birds, most of which Mitch could not identify flitted among the tree branches all singing their songs. Birds with bright red, yellow and orange plumages mixed with tiny birds with lighter red breasts and dark-red wings swarmed the area in a wild splash of colors through the air. Many flying bugs pervaded the forest including bright-yellow moths and multicolored butterflies. Fortunately, there did not seem to be any of the stinging variety about.
The trail meandered between the trees and continued as far as Mitch could see. Mitch was having a better time of it now with the trail covered with a heavy coating of pine needles making the ground spongy and easier to negotiate. He thought could hear a brook gurgling somewhere off the trail, but he was not going to give in and ask Leadyl to stop for a short break to quench his growing thirst. Sweating profusely from exertion though the temperature is not high instead pleasant they walked on in silence for a time each inside their thoughts. 
Leadyl was thinking about Mitch and the enigma that he represents. She had a vague idea why he is here but how much and in what way he is here to help she did not know. He is certainly handsome, from her short embrace, she could tell very muscular, and that certainly made him very attractive to her. She knew she could not let anything overtly bad happen to him if she could help it. His imagination is strong as anyone she knew. Having a strong imagination would aid him to be a spell caster, how good of one she could not guess.  She knew in her heart she would not mislead him, but be truthful about her intentions whatever they may be.
Mitch is likewise thinking about Leadyl. Walking along the trail behind her, he could not keep his eyes off her graceful body and mesmerizingly smooth flowing movements. The way she turned her head to scan the trail and surrounding woods mesmerized him. Her hair blowing in the wind whipping across her face heightened her beauty. He had to admit he is more than infatuated with her beauty and charm he realized that his is more than probably falling in love with her. The small cabin he spotted in the clearing ahead suddenly jarred him from his thoughts.  
Drawing nearer, he could distinguish some of the cabins outer features. The roof is thatched with wood supports set on top of mortared ruff cut stone, a single glass paned window on the side and a fireplace at the rear made of the same stone as the rest of the cabin. Leadyl led him around to the front of the cabin and Mitch could see a brook on the opposite side of the cabin from where they came from. Opening the front door she marched in leaving the door open for him. Mitch stood in the entrance for a moment wondering whether he should close the door then grabbed the handle and pulled it closed behind him. Once, inside he saw another window on the opposite wall allowing enough light in to see by.
Mitch stood by the door looking inside the one-room cabin taking a moment to inventory the room and note its cleanliness.  Large animal furs covered the floor, with a small round table with two chairs sitting directly in the center of the room. Two wood framed beds large enough to hold two with mattresses and pillows lined each side of the room. Above the fireplace on top of the polished red oak mantle, sat vases with wildflowers and brass candleholders with unlit candles sitting inside of them. Inside the fireplace, hanging on a hinged steel arm bolted to the rough-cut stone a large pot used for cooking can be swiveled in and out of the fire as needed. Two matching freestanding red oak cabinets sit at the head of each bed with enough clearance so the small double doors on the front can open.  Above the bed on his right, slightly to the left of the window were two shelves with plates, spoons, knives, bottles, and a pitcher with a large bowl next to it.
Leadyl stood by her bed unbuckling her sword belt letting it fall on the end of the bed. Deftly she stood on one leg pulling off one boot then quickly switching to the other foot pulling off the remaining boot setting them on the floor at the end of her bed. Beginning to unbuttoning her leather shirt, she paused admonishing Mitch, “Quit ogling me and go change your clothes. You will find clothes that should fit in the other closet.”
Embarrassed more than anything Mitch hurried to the closet opening the doors as fast as he could, trying to hide his embarrassment written all over his crimson face. He could hear the rustling sound of Leadyl removing her clothes making it very difficult for him not to turn and look at her. Forcing his thoughts away from her, he buried his head in the closet.  Inside he found leather clothing that might fit him, multiple pairs of leather pants and shirts even small clothes all clean and neatly folded. He really wanted to bathe since he had been recently sweating so freely, but it would lead to another temptation he would have to control, so the more quickly they were able to leave the better. Quickly removing his clothes he changed into the clothes provided hiding behind the open doors for the scant privacy they afforded. 
Laughing quietly, Leadyl slipped into her boots and finished changing into clean clothing. I was a little too hard on him she thought, starting to regret her actions. He has been through more than most have to face in a short amount of time and now he finds himself with many unknowns facing him. I do not even know his name she thought to herself feeling a little embarrassed. She knew she would have to apologize to him for teasing him. As quickly as the thought came to her she dismissed it, because she realized she might welcome his advances. She is more than a little surprised at how fetching he is when he stepped away from the closet wearing her brother’s clothes and boots. Dressed alike they would easily pass as travelers from the northern forests.
“Whose clothes are these?” Mitch asked with a jealous tinged voice. Real stupid Mitch, he thought silently berating himself.
“Oh, you do not like them,” she replied coyly.
“No it is not that they fit surprisingly well. I was curious that’s all.”
“Oh I see let me think on it for a moment,” she paused before continuing.  “They could belong to any number of men. Let see there was,” she paused and gave him a salacious smile before continuing.  No, those are not his clothes, then there was no he took his with him,” she gave him her best attempt a lascivious smile. By now, Mitch is profusely humiliated and in her mind deservedly so.
Suddenly realizing she is acting like a child, Leadyl decided she needed to assuage his feelings. She liked him, far too much for knowing him for such a short time and still not knowing his name. Her heart tells her that it is wonderful to fall in love but she is reluctant to fall in love with any man especially one she barely knows. She walked up to him seeing the dejected look on his face reaching up with her right hand she touched his cheek. Looking in his eyes for a moment, she stood on her tiptoes kissing him gently on the other cheek.
She dropped her hand and stepped back from him still looking into those bottomless blue eyes of his and her heart melted.  I am more attracted to him than I thought she murmured quietly to herself. Aloud and more fretful than she wanted to sound she said, “I am sorry about being so insufferable with you a moment ago.”
“I am sorry too. I am not sure why I got so jealous because you have men's clothes in your cabin. After all these years, I am acting like a love struck fifteen year old.”
“I think we are getting ahead of ourselves. I am finding you very attractive now that you are wearing clothes that I am used to and I still do not know your name.”
“Mitch, John Mitchell Morgan,” he replied.
“All right Mitch the clothes are my siblings; the clothes are my brothers,” the last she said wistfully. Abruptly changing the subject, she said very shyly, "I am not sure why I am telling you this but I have never been with a man. Mayhap I will with you but only if I am truly in love with you." Quickly changing her tone and mannerisms, she continued in a more guarded tone, "I have abundant misgivings now but that could change in the future. Until then, we have far too many challenges before us. Agents of darkness will be coming here looking for you if they have not already done so.  We will need to leave here rather quickly, I for one do not relish facing them right now.”
Emotions were running deep in Mitch and he did not know what to make of them. On one hand, he is happy that she is at least considering her feelings for him and on the other; he is trying to understand his growing feelings for her. What he did know is events starting from the loss of the fleet until now are moving much too quickly leaving him no time to think. He is on a raft floating down a raging river with the rapids fast approaching to the unavoidable waterfall. He took her hand briefly squeezing it in reassurance.
Reassured she asked, "Are you adept at war craft and weapons?”
“Yes I am trained in the use of the sword, bow, daggers, empty hand fighting and some bow staff.”
Going to her brother’s bed, she reached under it retrieving a bundle hidden there. Setting the canvas wrapped bundle on the bed she unrolled it revealing a sword sheathed in a worn but serviceable leather scabbard and matching sword belt. Reaching down she picked it up with both hands presenting it to him. Mitch could see the tears welling up in her eyes when she proffered it to him. His gut response was not to take the sword from her, but seeing her expression, he gently took it in both hands at the same time bowing respectfully. Grasping the leather wrapped handle, he pulled the blade partway out of the scabbard. At first glance, it resembled his katana lost with the Intrepid when it blew up but on closer inspection, he knew there could be no finer blade than this.
“Thank you Leadyl,” he said gratefully.  Watching her wipe her eyes with the back of her hand, he knew that either her brother is dead, missing or something terrible has happened to him. He decided then not to press her any further but be patient and wait until she is ready to tell him.
Walking to the closet Leadyl retrieved a backpack quickly setting it on the bed. Opening the pack, she put a small pot, eating utensils, and two bowls from the shelf inside with a sack of dried meat and fruit. Reaching under her mattress, she pulled out a small leather pouch of gold dropping it into the pack. Closing the pack, she handed it to Mitch to carry. Mitch watched her strap on her sword belt so he did the same with his. Reaching into her closet, she withdrew a bow and quiver of arrows quickly slinging them over her back. With a sad expression on her face, she looked around the cabin, taking in every vestige of it as if it would be the last time she would ever see it she abruptly left the cabin. Quickly realizing she left him behind, he hastily headed out the door closing it behind him.
With two hours left before sunset, they headed in a northeasterly direction. Suddenly, Leadyl paused a moment looking back along their back trail confirming something nagging at her. Mitch wondered what was bothering her when she said nothing they continued briskly through the forest with him following close. Feeling the cool gentle touch of the breeze blowing gently through the densely packed pine Mitch took a deep breath taking in the scent of bark and fallen leaves carried along by the wind enjoying the natural smell of the forest. It certainly beat the stale air onboard ship he thought trying to negotiate the barely discernible trail, one that Leadyl unerringly followed like a ghost through the forest. Mitch on the other hand, is like a struggling bull tromping through the forest trying very hard to be as quiet as possible in an attempt at mimicking Leadyl's graceful movements. Failing miserably he laughed at his ungainly ability to traverse the forest trail knowing that he did not have any hope of looking as good as her walking the trail.
Mitch could see a draw ahead with a small stream running down the center with rocks and pine trees on either side. He did not feel comfortable negotiating that with the lack of maneuverability it gave. If a trap were set for them, it would be here. The rocks and trees on either side of the stream made for a perfect hiding place for men armed with bows and spears. With an abundance of trees and rocks, some as large as small boulders in the draw the sword would not be the weapon of choice, because of lack of room to use it effectively against several assailants.
Suddenly Leadyl stopped moving and in one fluid motion nocking an arrow to her bow listening intently. Mitch froze in place with his hand on the hilt of his sword scanning the forest around them for signs of peril. As the seconds passed, the tension became palpable and pervasive. The entire forest hushed; the local wildlife that had been making their usual clamor became deathly silent. The flying bugs that incessantly irritated them were no longer in evidence. The silence was deafening, as if all the inhabitants of the forest no longer were or went into deep hiding. With as much stealth as possible, Leadyl moved forward furtively moving one foot at a time gently placing it on the ground before moving the other. Mitch sweat beading on his forehead from the tension imitated her movements to the best of his ability at the same time scanning the woods for danger. Leadyl quickly froze where she was waiting, sniffing the gentle breeze blowing in their direction. Mitch noticed a slight stench to the wind but he could not place what it smelled like.
“Orc!” Leadyl's scream shattered the deathly silence of the forest.
A huge grotesque creature twice size of the biggest bear Mitch had ever seen charged down the draw with a huge ax in its right hand. The natural impediments of the draw that would slow a normal human being did not deter the orc at all. The arrow Leadyl had nocked flew up the draw toward the charging ork followed quickly by another both arrows bouncing off the orc’s leather armor and hard skin. Mitch now had a good idea where the ghastly sewage like smell came from when he saw this grotesque creature covered with dirt, leaves, sticks, and what else dripping from its grotesque body. Mitch quickly drew his sword while Leadyl nocked another arrow waiting the precious seconds to pass for the creature to reach striking distance.
At the last-second, Leadyl released her arrow into the orc’s right eye causing it scream in rage and pain snapping the arrow shaft out of its eye with its free hand. Leaping forward Mitch cut at the creature in a slashing downward angle from its left shoulder down its chest causing it to scream in rage and pain for a second in as many seconds. Leaping to the side of the trail to put some trees between them and the ork Leadyl nocked another arrow and Mitch readied his sword for another attack from the creature. By this time, the creature oozed some yellowish green slimy fluid from its ruined eye and the wound across its shoulder and chest. Grimacing, Mitch took a second to glance at Leadyl who had the same luminosity around her that he had seen when she was helping him with the threshold the difference this time it encompassed the bow and her nocked arrow.
Leadyl's arrow had a much greater effect nearly hammering its way into the orc and if not for the fletching, the shaft would have disappeared inside its body. The ork had turned at the last second swinging his axe at the little human with the sword when the arrow struck it in his right lung.  The blade of the mammoth ax fell toward Mitch dangerously close to cutting him length of his body, a killing blow. Quickly sidestepping to the right he executed a kesa-giri the blade coming from his high right downward at a slight angle striking the ax-holding forearm severing it. The ax fell to the ground with the orc’s severed hand and forearm still attached causing the ork to rear back its head screaming in rage and pain exposing its neck to another of Leadyl's enchanted arrows piercing its exposed gullet clean through exploding out of the back of its neck orc blood and gore quickly following. The ork staggered back its eyes glazing over falling backward onto the trail dead before it hit the ground.
They stared at the dead ork grimacing in unison thinking it is more repulsive in death than in life. Both the northern ork and its southern counterpart are enormously hard to kill even though northern one is markedly bigger, its southern counterpart makes up for its lack of size with greater speed. The slain northern orc is different from its southern counterpart with a skin color more pale white, leathery in texture and very tuff to penetrate with weapons. Ugly patches of stringy black hair grow sparsely on its legs and arms. Its face reminded Mitch of a feral hog with two four-inch tusks protruding from its bottom jaw. Averting his eyes from the dead orc Mitch noticed some wide oval leaves hanging from a nearby vine snaking up a tall pine. Plucking a handful of the leaves, he cleaned his sword before sheathing it knowing he would clean and oil it tonight when they made camp.
“It is not typical for them to be this far south of their home in the northern wastes. This orc is only the second that I have ever heard of being this far south,” she said ruefully with a pained expression on her face.
Mitch saw the pain she was in and his heart went out to her. He wanted to question her about it instead he asked, “Why the white color skin Leadyl? Is it so they can blend with the snow?”
“Yes it makes them almost impossible see in their habitat. The southern orc has a green to a very light-brown shade with some light gray mixed in. They don’t have the snow that the snow orcs have so the color difference.” 
“This one is about eight feet tall,” Mitch said counting it off with his feet. “How tall are the southern orcs?”
“The southern orc can be man tall or a little taller but mostly man tall. I have never seen a southern orc; by the way, we like to call them swamp orcs. I cannot say but what I have heard is that they are faster on their feet than the snow orcs and in many ways as dangerous.”
“Let me get this straight we have snow orcs in the northern mountains that rarely come this far south and we have swamp orcs to the south of us. Do the swamp orcs migrate northward? I guess my real question is why we have a northern orc this far south and do the southern orcs move far northward?”
“We need to move there could be more of them in the area,” Leadyl said avoiding answering his questions.  She knew Mitch would have many questions that he wanted answers to but standing next to a dead orc is not the place to answer them.
 “What do we do with the mess we made?”  
“We cannot burn it in fear that we would burn down the forest so we leave it to rot. Let us leave this place the disgusting creature is naturally putrescent and it is only going to get worse. We have about an hour to find a safe place to camp,” she said walking past the orc and toward the draw. As with before, Mitch unquestioningly followed her.  
Moving up the same draw as the orc had charged down, Leadyl knew there could be more orcs at the top of the draw waiting to ambush them. Orcs liked to eat young women, and she knew without a doubt, she would make a tasty meal for them.  When they finally reached the top, the terrain leveled out some. Leadyl stopped and scanned the forest around them stiffing the air. Mitch could not see any movement in the general area nor did he smell any unpleasant odors. All he could smell was the heavy scent of pine from the tall pine trees filling the landscape as far as he could see in the direction they were heading. Now that the forest is alive with birdsong and squirrels chattering among themselves, and no telling scent of an orc in the immediate area he took that as a good sign they were safe for the moment. 
“The swamp orcs live in swamps, barrens like the Deepmoor Barrens or in the Southern Mountain Range during the summer months. If I were to hazard a guess they might move into the farmlands north of Deepmoor Barrens and steal young women to eat or cattle but they normally eat the creatures in the wetlands like fish, and waterfowl.”
“They really steal young woman to eat?” Mitch asked with a disgusted look on his face.
“Yes, they do at that. I am what attracted our friend back there. They can smell a woman like a male animal can smell a female ready to mate,” she said embarrassedly not meaning to imply that she was ready for a mate.
“What do the snow orcs primarily eat?” he asked quickly changing the subject not missing the play on words.
“They like young maidens, and mountain bears, ice seals, and fish that kind of fare. Oh, I see a place to camp Mitch. No fire tonight we will have to cold camp”
“A cold camp is a great idea, I am not ready to face another orc or whoever is following behind us,” he replied following her into the small clearing.
Gathering pines needles into two piles they sat next to each other eating some dried meat and fruit. Sitting under a small stand of trees sheltering them from the wind and prying eyes they remained silent until Leadyl began speaking in a low voice, “Mitch it is time I tell you a little about me among other things. My mother is an elf and she lives with her family in the northwestern part of this forest. My father was a human so I am half elf and half human and yes I have pointy ears to go with it,” laughing she moved her curly hair behind her ears so Mitch could see them. “I have a mixture of human and elf traits most important of which I am part human I will live and die as a human will. My elfin side of the family will long outlive me. I, I wish,” she did not continue her thought.
Not able to think of anything to say in response he suddenly realized when his heart painfully ached for her that he is hopelessly in love with her. For the first time in his life he felt this way about a woman. Sure, he had dated girls in high school and the naval academy but this time it has meaning to him. Not ready to tell her about his epiphany he remained silent.
Leadyl saw something in his eyes that she had not noticed there before, hardly daring to admit that what she saw is more than a friendly look from a new acquaintance. Far more than that, she was not sure if she welcomed it. One part of her wanted to fall into the abyss of his eyes and love him with all her heart. She is terribly afraid. Two people that she loved very much were both dead. Sure, they died together in battle, but that did not diminish the pain that resulted. 
With an apparent unwillingness she continued, “The cabin belonged to both my father and my brother. I visited them when I could but most times, I stayed with my mother to learn her ways. My parents loved each other but with unions such as theirs among the races, complications would arise eventually separating them as what happened with my parents. The primary reason is my mother did not age like my father where he was getting steadily older she looked the same as the day he met her putting an unbearable strain on them. The ork we killed today is the second of two I have heard of wandering this far south.”
She was determined to continue though it pained her. Mitch eased closer to her putting his arm around her shoulders. With her head resting on his shoulder she continued, “They were out hunting when the biggest ork anyone has ever seen attacked them, well at least the biggest I had ever seen. For that matter, the orc was a head and shoulder taller than the one we killed today. It carried a huge sword and wore heavy armor making it very difficult to kill. They fought courageously against the monster. They died but in turn, they killed the ork. After I found them,” Leadyl paused with a tiny sob before continuing. “I tracked the ork with vengeance in my heart but it had died a short distance from the battle.” Mitch held her tight letting her sob until she fell asleep. Looking up at the stars peeking through the pine trees, Mitch wondered where home was. 

~~~~

Celedryl headed northward to a stand of oak that would provide them with some measure of shelter from the wind and firewood for a nice warm fire.  Walking beside her Farwalker kept turning his head looking back to see whether the two outsiders were following them. Not far from the stand of trees is another of the many streams that intersects the valley. Leaning her bow up against one to the trees, she put her arrow back in her quiver quickly setting her backpack on the ground her new companions walking up behind her.
Opening her pack Celedryl pulled out a pot handing it to Danielle pointing to the small stream gurgling softly just beyond the trees. Danielle graciously took the pot going to the stream to fill it with water. Celedryl hesitantly grabbed the handle of her hunting knife pulling it from the sheath at her waist handing it to Ethan. He looked at the knife in his hand wondering what he is supposed to do with it. With a questioning look, he watched her rummaging through her pack. A little nervous that he is holding the knife but sensing no evil intent from him, Celedryl handed him a piece of flint so he could start a fire.  Ethan had seen in history-vids showing primitives using knife blades to create sparks by striking flint with a steel blade so he had a good idea how to start a fire. He quickly gathered some kindling to start a fire when he noticed a fire pit already dug. The girl must uses this campsite often he thought, gathering more kindling. Looking back, he saw that Celedryl had her bow in her hand and with the wolf following; they walked away presumably to hunt for food.
 Danielle returned with the pot of water by the time he had a small fire going. She set the pot on the convenient piece of flat mica in the fire pit used for heating and cooking. Ethan looked up noticing she had washed her face and untied her hair letting it hang freely down her back. She noticed him looking at her and gave him a little smile of assurance. He smiled back at her and went to the stream to wash some. He really wished he had a change of clothes thinking he is going to need warmer clothes than he had on now. By the time, he returned to the fire, the girl and her wolf had returned. Thinking he might be able to learn something, he watched her closely spit two cleaned rabbits over the fire, quickly noticing that Farwalker was already eating one of his own.
Covertly glancing at her to companions Celedryl thought, at least I do not have to worry about them staying clean. I wonder what they call themselves.  The girl looks as if she could be part of our clan certainly more than I do. That brought on a regretful feeling that made her think about the past so she hurriedly forced the thoughts from her mind. She had more to think about than her mixed breeding that she could not change even if she wanted to. With her hunting knife, she cut pieces of the cooking rabbit throwing it in the boiling water.  Reaching into her pack, she took out a small leather bag untie the leather string holding it closed. Reaching into the bag she tossed in small potatoes, onions, garlic cloves, dried bacon, parsley, thyme, bay leaf and other herbs into the pot.  Before long, they could smell the cooking rabbit and the boiling stew making their mouths water in anticipation.
They finished their enjoyable meal, cleaned up and soon found themselves sitting by the fire enjoying the beautiful night. Farwalker sat with Celedryl staring out into the night sniffing the breeze blowing toward the camp while both Danielle and Ethan stared into the fire absorbed in their thoughts. Celedryl thought she would try to communicate with her two strange companions.
“I know we do not speak the same language but we can try to learn each other's names. My name is Celedryl,” she said pointing at her chest.
Sharing names in each of their languages brought much needed laughter around the campfire, their attempts to say them correctly very comical. Trying Farwalker’s name, brought on more hilarity at the sounds they were making and trying to emulate. Celedryl was astounded at how fast her two companions took to her language and she theirs. They tried common things around them, hunting knife, backpack, on an on until it got later than they thought. Deciding they had better get some sleep because they had a long walk tomorrow Celedryl laid out her ground fur offering it to her companions and she would sleep on the ground but Ethan refused. Celedryl was not sure what that meant but she would hold that thought for later.
 When the morning sun crested the eastern peaks of the mountains Ethan and Danielle felt as if they opened their eyes from a dream into reality not waking on the Intrepid. Ethan went back to where the escape pods landed and keyed in the silent self-destruct code sending a cross polarity high-energy charge through the system reducing the electronics to melted circuits and metal slag. That way they would not fall into enemy hands intact and the destruction would be quiet as opposed to blowing them up and possibly giving away their location. The choice of blowing them up was still available in dire need and could be set on a timer so the occupants could escape the blast and their pursuers would walk into a trap and be killed by the explosion.
When Ethan returned Celedryl could not but help noticed her new companion's gloominess, silently keeping their troubles to themselves. Celedryl wished she had a solution to their troubles but the first thing they need to do is learn the other’s language then they can better understand how to help each other. Once they climbed that giant hurdle, they could look for solutions to help them survive here. In a selfish, but kind way, her curiosity was getting the better of her.
She wanted to know everything she could about them, especially Ethan. He is very attractive to her, he carries himself well, and certainly is a thoughtful person the way he consoled and is very protective of Danielle. Something told her Danielle could take care of herself if the need should arise but she did not seem to mind his attentions.  She had deduced that they were not brother and sister them not resembling each other and last night they confirmed it while learning each other’s language. I wonder if they love with each other or maybe they are good friends she wondered.  Why had Ethan refused to bed down with Danielle last night was he being chivalrous? She had many unanswered questions nagging at her when the most important question came to her why did she care so much.
They were in no hurry to reach the high valley between the mountains where she lived so they left the camp with Celedryl leading them slowly due west across the valley. From the campsite to her home, it is around eleven leagues. That includes up one side of a mountain through a high pass then down the mountain to the high valley and home. Once they reach the high valley, they have to travel to the center of the valley to her village.
With Celedryl, leading the way they proceeded up the same mountain trail she had used to come to her valley hideaway. Farwalker bounded up the trail sniffing and running like a frisky wolf pup bringing a smile to her face. Celedryl loved the mountains but she knew how dangerous they could be. One misstep and it could be your last. She tried to explain that to her companions but with the language barrier they had, she was not too sure whether they understood.
The trail lazily meandered up the mountain. Stopping at Celedryl‘s favorite spot to look out toward the valley below she could tell by her companion’s expressions that they enjoyed it as much as she. Pausing for a moment enjoying the view, she reluctantly turned away leading them slowly up the narrow winding trail. The going would be slow for a time with many narrow spots and sheer drops of hundreds of feet along the way.
Eventually, they reached an abrupt left turn in the trail where it widened so they could walk side by side. From there they could see a neighboring mountain with a smattering of dwarf fir trees sitting precariously on large outcroppings of granite. These trees are short, stubby like a dwarf, and equally as hardy. They would need to be to survive the harsh winters of these mountains. Mountain goats with their white fur dotted the side of the mountain leaping adroitly from ledge to ledge eating what is left of the sparse mountain grass.
Ahead on the trail and slightly to the left side is a large boulder that had fallen there from a long-ago mountain slide. Stopping abruptly Celedryl put her right arm out to stop her trail mates from proceeding. Celedryl thinking she had heard a noise from behind the boulder that sounded as though steel brushed against it quickly pulled her bow from across her back nocking an arrow ready to let fly if the need arose. The tension was palatable, almost painful from the stress of the moment wondering who or what was behind the boulder. They did not have long to wait when three depraved looking men stepped out from behind the boulder with their hands on the hilts of their daggers.
“Hold up there lass we are travelers like you. No need to get hasty with that bow of yours,” one of the bandits implying he is the leader by his tone and mannerism said with feigned amiability.
Celedryl knew the danger facing then and she hoped her new companions did as well. Quickly glancing at her companions she noted they had shifted on either side of her positioning themselves better to meet the attack that she knew is coming. She hoped her friends were up to it or they were all dead or worse. She surely did not want to know a man for the first time in this state of affairs beset by three of them. She knew that when she lowered her bow they would attack. All three were dressed in leathers and furs with daggers in their belts. Everything about them had an disheveled appearance except their weapons.
She inched her bow downward and as expected, they charged with a yell. Pointing her bow at the lead brigand, she let loose with her arrow. Miraculously he dodged at the last second so it grazed him on the shoulder instead of piercing his heart. Celedryl had counted on being able to take her attacker down swiftly and she knew that it would be impossible for her to triumph in a knife fight against a trained killer. At the last second, a black shadow leaping from the ledge above and to the left struck her attacker in the side knocking him to the ground. Quickly nocking another arrow to defend her companions, she realized they are capable of defending themselves. Returning her attention to the bandit that Farwalker was ripping to shreds she clearly heard him screaming for mercy. Mercy that she would not give him except maybe an arrow in his throat if she could get a clear opening that would not hit her wolf.
Meanwhile, Danielle's leering assailant indolently moved toward her. “I am going to have some fun with you before I kill you,” he jeered continuing forward so overconfident in his ability to kill this weak frightened girl he did not bother removing his dagger from his belt. He did not realize in the least that he would need it and that mistake would cost him his life. Danielle stood there in feigned terror waiting for her attacker to get closer. With a lascivious grin he said, “I am going to take you repeatedly right her on this trail until you die or you enjoy it whichever comes first.”
Her attacker grabbed her shirt with both fists on either side of her body below her shoulders. Moving with the ease of a mountain lion readying to kill, Danielle raised her hands above shoulder height with her fists pointed inward toward her ears quickly bringing her forearms down on the crook of her attacker’s elbows loosening his grip on her shirt bringing her attacker's head forward. Faster than the eye could follow she attacked with a teisho palm heal strike to the chin driving his head backward hard enough snapping his neck, she could hear the snap of his neck as he fell to the ground dead.
The attack is over in seconds but it felt longer to them. Ethan’s attacker lay dead at his feet and Farwalker had finally ripped the throat out of his victim. All three looked at each other in astonishment realizing they had managed to survive an attack unscathed beset by a far superior force. They stripped the corpses of valuables including the daggers and a pouch of gold the leader had. Before they moved on, they decided to throw the bodies down the side of the mountain.
“Ah see we did nae git haur in time," a voice drifted down from the trail above.
“Ah can see 'at ye dunderheid, Ah am th' one who telt ye we would nae make it oan time if we did nae hurry!”
They turned as one to see two dwarfs running down the trail shoving each other all the way. Incredulous to Danielle and Ethan the two dwarfs heading down the trail popped right out of the fairy tale books they had read as children. Celedryl ran to them with her arms outstretched scooping them up in her strong arms hugging them. The look of embarrassment masked their pleasure of seeing her.
“Lit us be lassie fur we hae tae spank yer bahookie liken we did when ye waur jist a wee lassie,” they exclaimed in chorus then all three looked at each other burst out laughing. Ethan and Danielle were taking this in with grins on their faces.
“Uncles you have not spanked me since I turned that snow skunk loose in your hunting shanty ten years ago,” she said laughing so hard tears welled up in her eyes remembering what happened afterward.  “You two came running out the door and that little skunk had his tale straight up in the air spraying you for all its worth,” she laughed so hard she started choking. Between, more laughing and coughing Celedryl mirthfully said, “If not for laughing so hard that I was rolling around on the ground in front of your shanty you would have been mystified on who let that skunk in.”  The more she laughed her adopted uncles got redder in the face, but that did not stop her from continuing, “You smelled of skunk for a week or more.” Her new friends could not understand all of what she said, but the hilarity of it did not pass them by.
On the other hand, Celedryl s’ uncles did not find any of it as comical as she did, they were as angry as the day it happened. Realizing she may have gone too far when she saw their cross expressions, she quickly regained her composure and introduced her companions to them. With the language barrier being what it is, she tried to introduce her uncles as Hairytoes and Hobnobby.  Her uncles had a little difficulty saying the strange names of her companions. It sounded as though they were saying Eatin for Ethan and Danel for Danielle. All of them found the process quite amusing, seeming to assuage her uncle’s tempers.
“Uncles why are you here, not that I am not glad to see you” Celedryl quickly amended.
“We wus following those scoondrels ye an yer friends made befittingly deid,” Hobnobby explained. Hobnobby is average height around four feet tall for a dwarf with stout arms and legs. He had a dwarf-sized battle-ax tucked in his wide leather belt wrapped around his waist. He wore a knee length sleeveless leather jerkin under a sleeveless snow bear fur with matching fur boots on his feet.
“Aye, we wus back followin' th' trail of a big ork huntin' party when we cut across their trail heidin' in thes direction. We decided tae follow them coz we dae nae know what thae were aboot an' why thae would be gaun doon thes trail,” added Hairytoes. Hairytoes is an exact younger version of his brother Hobnobby. He is dressed the same as his brother instead of carrying a heavy looking battle-ax he had a dwarf made sword in a leather scabbard and  baldric strapped across his body. The sword named Orcslayer hangs on his right side endowed with imagined power that could cut the orc’s leathery skin with ease. When used in battle against all else, the sword is unusually sharp with no magical abilities. The sword is a dwarf-sized claymore and in the right hands a very dangerous weapon. Strapped across his back is a polished steel buckler that he uses with the sword making for an effective and dangerous combination.
“We wus mair then a wee frightened fur ye lassie ye be usin' thes trail like ye dae. An we wus right, whit we did nae know wus ‘at ye hud some help wi’ ye,” Hobnobby followed quickly.
“Aye we wud hae felt awfu bad if anythin' wud huv happened tae ye lassie,” jumped in Hairytoes.
Celedryl was dumbstruck at how fast they could talk. Quickly so she could get a word in edgewise she asked,” What of the orcs?" Which way were they going when you were tracking them? “She knew that this would start another round of blathering from them but she is concerned that the orcs were this far south of their hunting grounds. 
“When we cam foond their trail thae wus heidin' north back tae their huntin' lands. From th’ size of it thaur hud tae be at leest fifty ay them.  We hud bin hearin’ rumors of orc movements ‘at wud not be normal fur them sae Brokk sent us tae see whether th’ rumors waur true,” Hairytoes quickly chimed in. Brokk is the clan leader from their village and very concerned that the orcs were ranging too far south and in greater numbers than normal.
“Thae wus comin' frae th' west lassie but when saw th' scoondrels trail heidin' thes way we decided tae follaw them. We can go ower th' pass an' follaw it west tae see whaur it might leid us,” Hobnobby added.
Her village is in the high valley due west of the pass and depending how far the ork trail extended west the orcs could have attacked her village. Struck full force with foreboding at the thought of this Celedryl‘s new friends saw the look of concern on her face wondering why. Only now trying to learn the language did not prepare them for what is transpiring now. Picking up her bow Celedryl started up the mountain trail as quickly as she could while the others hurried after her trying to keep pace.
It took most of the rest of the day to reach the pass. The pass is dotted with an abundance fir across the landscape with a dusting of snow on the ground heralding an early winter with the tops of neighboring mountains covered in snow. The mountains around them were beautiful with fir trees in abundance and mountain sheep jumping from ledge to ledge in search of food. They found a large stand of fir trees on the lee side of the pass to make camp. Working efficiently they had warm food and a fire for the night.
When they woke the following morning, they ate a cold breakfast quickly moving out in a westerly direction when they finished eating. Farwalker was frisky and wanted to play with Celedryl but she is far too eager to get home to her village to play with him. The morning air had a chill to it with another dusting of snow on the ground that fell during the night. The trail meandered over hard rocky ground worn smooth by the wind. Straggly mountain grass struggled desperately to survive poking its way through the rocky ground dotting the landscape in sparse faded green patches. On either side of the trail, thick stands of fir hemmed them in sometimes brushing against them or blocking the trail so they had to work their way around them. It would take much of the day to traverse the pass and down the other side to the entrance of the valley.
The silence was deafening, each understood the urgency choosing to remain silent focusing on getting through the pass as quickly as possible. The going at times was arduous making their way up and down a winding trail through the trees, avoiding beautiful waterfalls and sheer cliffs.  If time was not of the essence, they could have taken in the beauty of the mountains and the gorgeous waterfalls enjoying the breathtaking landscape. They hurried on in determined silence and by late afternoon, they started to feel the trail moving steadily downhill. It took the rest of the afternoon to negotiate the mountain trail finally reaching the entrance to the valley Celedryl calls her home.
The first thing they saw upon reaching the entrance of the valley was a majestic view of a large lake surrounded by mountains with an island of dead trees, thickets and briers in the center of the lake. Thrusting from the center of the island like the shaft of a deadly spear thrust deep into the soil killing everything around it a tall black ominous tower detracted from the beauty of the surrounding area sending shivers of dread racing through all that gaze at it.
Smaller mountains covered in northern firs made up a vast forest stretching from the lake northward all the way to the edge of the Northern Wastes and many leagues beyond to the west until reaching the coastline. Pointing across the lake the dwarfs tried to explain to Danielle and Ethan that within those mountains is their home. They explained as best they could with the language barrier that many clans live in the area and not merely dwarfs a smattering of nomadic trolls, and elves roam these mountains. Trading is good and all the clans prospered from the many years of peace they enjoyed.  Very grateful for the news the dwarf clans learned about the unexpected movements of the Orcs was from a passing troll.
They set up camp on the edge of Lochhurst Lake the name by which most call the mountain lake but references from the past hint that there are other forgotten names for the lake before its present name. Celedryl’s bow brought down a small mountain deer for supper and breakfast before setting out in the morning. As the evening waned, they sat around the fire continuing to learn each other’s language. Throwing the dwarfs dialect into the mix added even more merriment to the process seeming to help mollify some of the foreboding permeating the camp. Soon with much explaining and hand movements to help them, the newcomers were able to understand what has Celedryl so worried. Ethan asked the dwarfs about the tower and all they could tell him was that it is unoccupied and has been there far longer than anyone alive has today. When Ethan asked them why every time he looked at it he felt fearful and full of anxiety they became evasive and fearful themselves glancing toward the tower in the darkness reluctant to talk about it. To Ethan it seemed that they did not want to talk about the tower. Shying away from the conversation, they rolled up in their blankets for the night.
The sun came up in all its glory over the eastern tips of the mountains bathing the granite tower in sunlight. The black granite absorb the light instead of reflecting it giving it an eerie dark appearance again sending shivers down their spines every time they gazed upon it. The forest around them came alive with the chatter of squirrels and the chirping of many species of birds that call this their home. Some species of birds would be leaving for the warmer southern temperatures anytime now. After a quiet breakfast, they packed the camp and headed in a southeasterly direction.
Following the trail through the fir forest until it started to thin they finally reached the end of the forest and the eastern end of the valley. To reach the opposite end of the valley it would be around two days walking distance or about fourteen leagues. At its widest point it is about nine leagues and the closet points are nearly two leagues wide with Celedryl’s village nearly in the exact center of the valley. The valley floor is mostly of rolling plains, a smattering of hardy red oak trees and knee-high grasses the home of abundant species of wild life and domesticated cattle that her village keeps as a herd. Farwalker loved to run this valley with abandon chasing the Northern Grouse out of the hidden grasses where they made their nests.  Many times Celedryl would hunt them using a sling to take them when they flew from their hiding places in the grass.
The sun gleamed hot through the beautiful azure sky making it a little warmer than usual. Walking through the sea of grass carrying their weapons and supplies they were soon sweating freely from the warmth of the sun. With nary a complaint, the dwarfs worked hard to keep pace with their taller friends. As the day progressed, they began to tire stopping to rest and eat the last of the dried meat Celedryl had in her pack enjoying the beautiful day. By late afternoon with the setting of the sun behind the distant mountains, Celedryl felt she should be able to see the welcome glow of the village's cook fires. She noticed the herds scattered wondering where the herding dogs were, and why they were not barking in warning letting the rest of the village know they were there.
“Something is very wrong uncles,” Celedryl said with an anxious tone.
Hobnobby spoke up first, “Ah know lassie ah can feel it tay. Since it is near dark sae it might be better ta bide until mornin before we see tae yer village. Ah say we huv a cold camp, we dinnae want our fire tae be seen if thaur are mair Orcs aboot.”
“Aye lassie Hobby is makin sense fur ance,” Hairytoes said agreeing but earning a stern look from Hobnobby.
Reluctantly they set up a cold camp with nothing to eat. They will need to forage for food tomorrow depending on what they find in the morning. Each of them felt the apprehension that Celedryl is feeling including Farwalker sitting next to her with his head on her leg. She finally laid back with her head on her pack and tried to sleep some. It took all her control not to run off headlong into the night to her village. Dawn brought a shift in wind direction from the northeast to a northwesterly direction bringing cooler air and the instantly recognizable stench of death.
Chapter 3

President Jackson walked down one of the hallways leading to the presidential suites followed closely by two Secret Service agents. A few years after the Third World War, the new White House in the Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado was finally completed. The United States came out on top of that war if you call losing millions of people mostly civilians winning it. Unfortunately, many civilians died in wars, the winner is the country with the least deaths decides the winner of wars, and the loser can no longer stop more deaths from occurring. The militaries of the world learned that from World War II when the United States started reaching deep into Axis countries firebombing civilian targets like Dresden Germany.
The buildup to the war essentially started right after the Second World War with the cold war lasting decades, plane hijackings during the 1960s, followed by embassy takeovers, terrorism on the rampage all over the world lasting well into the twenty-first century. The early part of the twenty-first century was the catalyst to the war with passivism, apathy, a desensitized public and governments to include the United States that did not act to prevent the violence and Third World countries from acquiring nuclear weapons capabilities.  Posturing, politics as usual, one-sided treaties benefiting terrorist nations, meaningless embargos, small arms trafficking to terrorists  subsidized by government agencies, vast sums of money and oil changing hands fueled the eventual nuclear fire that would kill millions.
Walking down the hall thinking about these past events the president knew lessons from the past always seemed applicable to solving the events of the future. Thinking about the first strike, he remembered how it happened and why.  After consecutive eight-year terms of pacifist presidents of the United States, social spending was up, and defense spending brutally cut to pay for the economic down turn. The economy was in shambles in the U.S. and all over the world. As the economies of the world, worsened, terrorist ranks grew in large numbers all over the world including the United States.  Missile defense systems were nonexistent owing to massive spending cuts in the military and defense systems research. The first strike on December 7, 2028, was another date that would live in infamy.
President Elisabeth (Beth) Ann Lee had been in office for less than a year. On taking office, she quickly instituted with the combined help of both houses of Congress measures to help the economy, increase jobs and improve military readiness capabilities. Remembering how he studied her magnificent inaugural speech, Walker was as captivated as the Americans were that heard it for the first time. The thing he remembered the most is it sent a resolute message to the world, she did not back away or diminish the role that leadership and responsibility played in the world arena. She categorically informed the world that the United States of America would no longer sit on the sidelines drunk in passivism and apathy and take a leading role in curbing the violence perpetuated by unchecked terrorist acts.
The attack wiped out Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Seattle on the West Coast and a simultaneous attack destroyed Tel-Aviv and Dubai. Quick to respond, the U.S. retaliated with large-scale nuclear attacks against the two nations who precipitated the attacks. Two missiles one launched from Russia and one from China wiped out New York City and Washington DC.  The U.S. gave back as much as it had received and Moscow and Beijing were gone. A lull followed, the world hand been shaken to its knees in shock or was taking a deep breath for another round of missile launches. Thankfully, the world leaders realized the futility of further missile strikes.
Fortunately, the president had been on vacation at the new location of Camp David in the Rocky Mountain National Park when the attack had happened. The political elite that would have been normally in Washington DC were on an unplanned recess because of the unusual heavy snowfall along the East Coast. In previous years, Camp David in Catoctin Mountain Park in Maryland was where the president enjoyed some vacation time became a museum in favor of a new ski resort location. The location in the Rockies was under construction but it did have a command center nestled deep into a mountain where the president was right after the first attack. The Vise-President swiftly arrived at the Rockies location from his home in Montana after the attack.
An unofficial cease-fire began when communications from the president of the United States quickly spanned the world warning that the U.S. would not stand any further attacks on U.S. soil. It turned out to be the quickest world war in history but the death toll surpassed any previous wars.  The result of this war meant that the world had changed. World leaders agreed that petty mistrust between them was counterproductive, terrorism must be stopped at its roots, and new scientific discoveries would need to be made in radiation clean-up, medical treatment for radiation poisoning, space travel, missile defense systems and scientific research. Millions of job opportunities were created ushering in a golden age of invention, with entrepreneurs starting new businesses employing millions around the world.
Although eventual outcome was a more stable world, the road to success was paved with both failures and successes. Calls for the President Lee to resign or be impeached by the apathetic pacifist news media and elected officials in the government crisscrossed the United States and around the world. They blamed her for this disaster for not keeping with the failed policies of enabling terrorism that previous presidents had instituted. She remained stalwart in her resolve to bring the world out of the ashes of nuclear war and help make it the wonderful place it could be. The American people shouted down her detractors and the rest of the world joined in when they saw that her ideas and policies were bringing about a new golden age.
Terrorist acts continued on a smaller scale and to combat this terrorist nations supporting terrorism were quickly disarmed to the extent they could be with concerted attacks on nuclear facilities and training camps. Taking a leading role the United States created specialized military response teams called Quick Action Task Forces. These forces deployed around the world captured or killed terrorists and destroyed their bases of operations. Other nations quickly followed creating QATF groups under the overall command of CENTCOM based in Tampa, Florida.
Scientific and medical advancement was unprecedented in the history of the world. The world had come together to solve a problem and showed that with the combined use of financial and natural resources the world could be changed for the better. These advances brought the world to the future that President Jackson found himself in. Wormhole generators had to be the single most important advancement that came from all the decades of research making space travel much more efficient and timely. He had asked the Russians, the Chinese, and other world leaders to be on alert ready to deploy some of their assets if needed and they would use those wormhole generators to respond quickly to any threats. The rewarding thing is they are willing to help with whatever assets they have available. In the early, twenty-first century that would not have been the case.
Walker walked toward the huge double doors leading to the presidential suites with their clean white paint, golden accents and gold handles. On either side of the doors, two United States Marines stood guard, one quickly opening the doors for him when he saw him coming stepping back to attention saluting smartly as the president passed. Saluting in return the president entered the presidential suites quickly followed by the two Secret Service agents into the room closing the doors. Directly across the room are identical doors where the president, his wife and children live in safety and comfort in the president's private quarters. The two Secret Agents quickly took up posts next to the doors.
The room is a large anteroom decorated with a man’s tastes in mind.  To the left positioned cattycorner in the room sat a large mahogany desk with a high back chair behind it. On the left side, facing the desk Old Glory is hanging on a solid brass pole reminding Walker every time he enters the room why he is president of the United States. The far right corner is graced with a fireplace with a large dark wood mantle and a fire pleasantly warming the room. On the mantel are many sports trophies and memorabilia of his collegiate days. Above the mantle is a fully working antique commemorative M-16 M4 given to him by the commandant of the United States Marine Corps upon his retirement from the navy. The shiny wood floors beautifully reflect the light from the fire dancing and flickering across the floor giving the room a warm homelike feel. Next to the fireplace, a large window allowed a glorious view of the neighboring snowcapped mountains, and the picturesque valley right outside the window. The walls around the room held beautiful landscape paintings and wooden bookshelves crammed with antique books he had collected over the years that he liked very much.
  Quickly moving behind his desk Walker sat in his chair with a loud sigh wanting to think in solitude before he went to his private rooms for the evening. The past few days were a whirlwind. After his conversation with Scott in the Oval Office, he spoke at great length with both the Senate and the House of Representatives majority leaders and the Secretary of State. The political dynamics of the United States has not changed in a hundred plus years with plenty of the apathetic pacifists of one party still walking the halls of government. His party had changed the most in comparing the parties since President Lee had won the election. No more were they party of weakness and willing to compromise its principals simply to get along with the news media and the other party; they gained a backbone. Sure, they had lost some elections since President Lee but the party stayed strong and kept to its principals making it much more cohesive.
Senate Majority Leader Donna Weinstein pushed for communication with the aliens and negations for a peace treaty that meant giving up all the colonies to them if they would leave the Earth’s solar system alone. At times, her positions of weakness would contradict with his, he still tried to respect the opinions of the Senate Majority Leader. House Majority Leader Michelle Moretti is the polar opposite of her position on the matter where the Senate majority leader always started from a position of weakness Michelle is the complete opposite. Michelle known as a fireball in the house earned a reputation that brooked no descent from her party in matters of state. He had an enormous amount of respect for her not to mention that he liked her personally. For first time in history, both houses of Congress had women majority leaders at the same time.
The briefing went well up to the point of the political maneuvering and posturing. Showing them the full content of the images resulting to more questions than answers and all he could do was to tell them he is going to take all the precautions that he knew to take. After they left the Oval Office, he communicated with the leaders of Great Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, among others to get their response after viewing the encrypted images. Later the same day he would release the same images to the public with the image of the F/A-212 disappearing not included. After speaking at length with the world leaders, they agreed that the image of the 212 was possibly their ace in the hole so to speak and did not want to take a chance that the enemy would be able to see the image. After the redacted images were released to the public, he spoke to the world and all the colonies clearly showing he is a renowned world leader that spoke with confidence and trust. He asked for their support, to work together to find solutions to this crisis and to have faith that they would resolve this crisis.
He studied the stilled image of the enemy’s vessel showing on the multiuse communication vid-screen on his desk still not believing what he is looking at, even with the evidence right in front of him. The holographic image showed in detail what the vessel and it occupants looked like. The vessel looked like a galleon from earths past a sailing ship with three masts, a foremast, mainmast, and mizzenmast. The main sails and the lateen sails were blowing as if in a stout wind above the customary lower forecastle and the square gallery above the captain’s cabin. Along the main deck rails mounted swing ballista are spaced every few feet with two heavier ones mounted on the main deck. He could only hazard a guess at what actually powers it, possibly the sails are receptors of some kind using the sun’s rays as energy. It appears they can live, breathe and fight in space, but how are they able to do that? Could it really be magic of some kind or a mixture of magic and science? The more he thought along these lines the more questions he had.
Humanoid looking beings swarmed the deck, shrouds and one in the crow’s nest at the top of the mainmast with many wearing armor and carrying swords. Others were dressed in leather and carrying crossbows all of which had tasks or were waiting for battle. He looked at the two tall figures wearing black robes with the hoods pulled up hiding their features standing on the deck at the forecastle railing. One had both hands extended with swaths of immense darkness emanating from them blotting the stars while the other stood next to the first appearing to do nothing.  Agonizing over the image, he knew how destructive these blasts of darkness were but not how to stop them. After he looked at the image for the hundredth time, he still did not know who or what the enemy was.

~~~~

Mitch woke when the morning sunshine splashed across his face startling him. He found himself lying on his back staring at the tress and the morning sky still thinking that being here with Leadyl was all a dream. Trying to orient himself with his surroundings, he felt the warmth of Leadyl's body next to him. Snuggled in tightly with her head resting on his shoulder, one leg thrown across his body and one arm across his chest brought him strikingly back to reality, this could not be a dream, but if it were he did not want it to end. Luxuriating in her closeness to him, he affectionately kissed her head. He could stay like this the rest of the day but he knew in his heart that it would not be a good idea. With his left hand, he gently stroked her long curly hair and back with a kiss on the head thrown in for good measure gently trying to wake her. He soon realized she had been awake for some time and he blushed furiously knowing that she knew he had been so affectionate toward her.  Gently repositioning herself so she could look at him, she stared into his eyes, what he saw was a look of wonderment and fear at the same time.
 Smiling at him in reassurance, Leadyl gently excreted herself from him and stood stretching her arms over her head yawning a little. Eating an unsatisfactory cold breakfast of dried fruit and meat before taking to the trail, they packed and headed northeast. The day promised to be a beautiful but cool day with a hint of winter in the air. The forest around them is alive with animals making a raucous chorus of sounds, squirrels running through trees, birds flitting from branch to branch other unidentified animals scurrying through the underbrush on either side of the trail all adding their tune to the chorus.
After an hour or so walking through the forest swatting bugs and listening to the sounds around him, Leadyl suddenly stopped in front of him jarring him into full alertness. Startled at first thinking they might be in danger of attack he quickly scanned the area around him for any sign of danger. High stress moments like this make him more aware of the fact he had much to learn about moving silently, hunting, paying attention to his surroundings and any danger that could be lurking in the forest. Turning and looking at him for a moment, she stepped closer to him searching his eyes. Appearing to confirm something in her mind, she sighed heavily turning to head back up the trail but after taking several steps she turned walking back toward him. Mitch had not moved from where he was his instinct telling him that something was bothering her and she is working up the nerve to tell him.
“To give up on love when a person finds it, is foolhardy at best and plain lunacy at the worst. I can no longer deny the conflicting feelings in my heart and I cannot rush heedlessly into anything including love. I am not sure what stage I am at, it could be the foolhardy stage, or the lunacy. If I listen to my feelings it could affect the hard decisions that I might have to make later,” she said in frustration and anguish.
Stepping closer to her, Mitch gently took her in his arms hugging her in reassurance. Laying her head against his chest she could hear his heart beating very fast. Gently putting his hands on her shoulders, he moved her to an arm’s length so he could look into her eyes. “Leadyl,” he paused. “Leadyl I have loved you from the moment I first saw you,” the statement of his love burst out of him before he could stop it. Feeling a huge weight lifting from his heart, he continued in a rush while he still had the courage to do so, "When I look into your eyes I can see the fear and anguish in them, but I also see something else hidden below that fear and anguish. If we let fear rule our lives by surrendering to it, then we are lost. I saw how you fought against the orc and I know I was terrified so I can only think you were too. You did not succumb to the fear and fought gallantly at my side and I know in my heart that if you want to give yourself to me in love you will defeat the fear that holds you back.”
She desperately tried not to cry, she has cried too many tears of sadness. She suddenly realized that they were not tears of sadness but tears of joy. Her heart finally gave way to love that she had thought gone forever when her father and brother died. She had frozen her heart shut against love in fear of the loss of it; she knew she had finally dropped the barriers around her heart. Feeling intoxicated with love for him, she crushed herself to him with her arms around his neck pulling his head down kissing him in a long and heartfelt kiss. The previous kiss she shared with him was more impulsive and lacked what this kiss had unfettered love. She wanted to give herself to him heart mind and body but her conscience told her that it would be the wrong time to do so. Reluctantly, both broke off the kiss each realizing they needed to regain their composure before continuing up the trail.
Walking along the meandering trail, they made their way through the trees hand in hand listening to the birds singing and the squirrels arguing with each other. The forest gradually became denser with trees and underbrush so they reluctantly returned to single file. When the sun reached midday, they stopped by a little stream to refresh themselves and eat a cold lunch. Refilling their water flasks they were about to continue when Leadyl stopped for a moment.
“I think it is time I tried to explain things to you as I know them keeping in mind others exist with far more training and adeptness than I.  You must develop your imagination to gain the power to complete a spell because it comes from within your imagination and to gain increased power for stronger spells your imagination must be vivid and imaginative. To enhance your weapons with a temporary spell you need to imagine the effect you want your weapon to have when you strike with it. With a greater imagination meaning, that you can imagine something in total detail, including the minute details, you can power a spell that will keep a permanent keen edge on your sword and it will never dull with use. This kind of imagination is rare but not so much that it is impossible because others in the past have successfully cast the spell. On a few occasions, I almost succeeded but still failed in the attempt. I am still puzzled why I have failed so many times in the past, but I have not given up on trying. I know sometimes your imagination is fettered and until the chains are broken then can you succeed and that could be what my problem is.”
“I can do it,” Mitch said with sureness he sincerely felt. Leadyl could not hide the shocked expression on her face at his words.
“Mitch it takes much practice and deliberation to achieve a feat of that magnitude.”
“I am not sure how you did it but when you sent me the image of you I imagined I could feel our bodies touching in a strong embrace. I have never felt anything like it before feeling of your essence entering me and joining mine like two streams joining to form a rushing river. We rushed down the river as one and suddenly I was standing in front of you. I had no control of my imagination and surrendered to the need hold you in my arms and at your side. I did not recognize it at first as love but I have since come to learn it is love that helped me succeed,” he declaimed passionately.
Leadyl stood there breathlessly and she knew she had to be flushed red from the top of her head to her toes her body on fire with emotions. Her imagination was running wild and out of control, she could feel the power building inside her imagining what he described to her. She cleared her mind quickly gaining control of her imagination before it gained control of her. All of this happened in a few seconds with Mitch not knowing what had occurred except that he felt embarrassed beyond repair.
Blushing furiously he apologized in a mortified tone, “I am sorry Leadyl I should have not explained it in so much detail I was certainly too brazen.  Things are moving real fast and I should have considered your feelings but I thought I needed to explain how I knew I could do what you suggested.”
Stepping closer, she took his hand in hers, “nothing that you say or do will ever offend me. You have given me something I have only dreamed of having. Unselfish love given freely to one another is pure power and what I have learned has changed the way I think of using my imagination to power a spell. I think adding the power of love, will make it a much more powerful spell, I will need to think on this for a time. We should not tarry here any longer let’s move on before we run out of daylight," she said abruptly quickly looking back the way they had come. Mitch wondered at the abrupt change in her mannerisms, thinking it must be concern for their safety he quickly followed her.
Soon nearing twilight, the sun was moving below the trees when they found a glade with a small stream running through it. A good place to stop for the night Leadyl quietly left the glade with her bow while Mitch started a small fire thanking his father for teaching him how to make campfires on their long fishing trips. He is not good at woodcraft, but find him a river or stream to fish in and he could catch fish.
Shortly, Leadyl returned with a large fat rabbit. "Do you know how to dress a coney?” she asked.
“A what?” he asked confused. She held the rabbit in front of him as if he were a dolt laughing that sweet laugh he enjoyed so much.
“Ok I do not have any idea how to dress a rabbit," he replied understatedly.
After they had finished eating, they sat next to each other with their backs against the bough of a large pine enjoying each other’s company. They could see the stars between the trees and hear an occasional owl in the distance. The cool breeze from earlier in the day had stopped leaving cooler temperatures. Reaching in his backpack Mitch took out a blanket and laid it across Leadyl’s shoulders thinking about the circumstances he found himself. He undoubtedly felt guilty he has hardly thought of his sister or Ethan for that matter. Where were they and how is he going to find them? Why was his fleet attacked and how did Leadyl know to rescue him? Did she send that huge threshold into space?
“Mitch?”
“Yes Lea”
“My brother used to call me that.”
“I am sorry," he apologized worried he hand offended her. "Does it bother you that I called you Lea instead of Leadyl?”
Leadyl paused considering before answering, “No it does not bother me I miss hearing it. Mitch I think it is time I told you everything that I can. To start you’re coming here was not an accident.”
“Yeah I figured that one out rather early," he said quietly half under his breath.
Snuggling closer to him she continued, “Two forces exist, one evil and one not against each other with this world in the middle. Not only is this realm in danger so are all of them including yours. This has gone on for, well I guess forever with neither side gaining the advantage. I believe a good reason to keep balance between the two forces and the darkness wishes to disrupt this tenuous balance. Ancient recordings speak of times when one side gained power over the other. Some realms such as yours or mine are shrouded in darkness or light and depending on a given viewpoint; some might like one or the other more. Many here would gladly accept the power either side has to offer.”  She paused to let what she had told him sink in or to see whether he had any questions or not.
 “These beings for lack of a better term, because I am not sure if it is correct to call them gods although they seem to have godlike powers still need help from people like us to further their aims. Neither side will let anything thwart them from gaining the power they need to claim a realm as theirs,” she paused as if in thought before continuing. “You could say I am a reluctant agent of light, I would prefer to be like any other woman living in my cabin, visiting my mother, and hunting in the forests. The danger is real Mitch, agents of darkness are going to try to kill us at their first opportunity, and we must be on guard at all times. The protectors of the light are to some extent guileful in nature because one never gets the complete picture from them. They do not trust us wholeheartedly but they need us to fulfill their aims.  Pausing again in thought she continued, "depending on what influences them, a person with special gifts could use them for good or ill. You have a very strong imagination Mitch the strongest in my experience that I have ever seen.  Have you had this gift all your life?”
“I have the ability to write realistic stories that my father would never let me write because he thought it unworthy of my natural abilities to be a soldier. People that read my stories told me that they felt drawn into the story experiencing the events I described. I thought they were saying that to a kid to be kind I am not so sure of that now.”
“I sensed your power of imagination early today, at your telling I felt your power growing and I could not help but succumb to that power; I felt what you felt. I could feel our spirits joining and rushing down the river, more than that, I could feel your body against mine as if it were real,” she explained embarrassed. He responded by putting his arm around her and pulling her close.
“We should try to teach you to control your imagination and to cast a weapon spell. When you imagine something, try not make it unwieldy but make it flow smoothly through your mind as you build it. You will need to imagine everything in great detail like with me when you first saw me,” he could not see her blush, wondering if she turned into a love struck adolescent girl?
“What kind of attributes can I give the sword?” he asked quizzically.
“Whatever you wish like a keen edge or the ability to sense the undead like wraths, shades, and even kill them,” she suggested.
“What about as much as I can imagine and make it permanent to the blade?”
“Spells of this nature are dangerous and you can face many unknowns. Some spells can lead to death if done incorrectly, while having great value they are still dangerous. I am not adept enough to answer all your questions. Others more suited to your instruction than I could help you,” she admitted.
Sitting there for a moment listening to the wood popping in the fire Mitch suddenly with effort stood and reached for his sword removing it from the scabbard. The blade looked beautiful with the flames from the fire dancing across it sending luminous flickering light dancing the length of the blade. Studying it more closely in the firelight, he memorized every characteristic of the blade.  The blade is a katana type blade with a length of twenty-nine inches, a ten and a half-inch tsuka handle and the round tsuba guard is made of brightly polished steel seeming to draw in the light from the fire. The handle of this sword wrapped in soft leather in stark contrast to his katana wrapped in ray skin and silk. The hamon is the effect created by the finishing process is evident above the monouchi cutting edge of the razor-sharp sword and the blade ridge equally polished bright matching the guard. The kashira the solid gold buttcap at the end of the handle with its beautiful tracery gleamed brightly in the firelight.
Mitch had never seen a wraith or a shade but he did not think it mattered. When he was young growing up he craved reading about knights, wizards and all of the evil creatures including wraiths, shades, orcs and dragons. With many renditions of them and countless old books written about them, he used his imagination to picture them in his mind. The more he imagined these dark creatures he could feel a dark power getting stronger inside him calling to him.  His instincts told him to run from this evil trying to gain a foothold inside of him tempting him with unmitigated power that could be his if he would give in to the allure of darkness. Quickly thinking of his growing love for Leadyl he pushed it back with the power of pure love transcending the dark power with the power of pure light he thrust it shrieking in fear from his imagination.  Then he imagined the power of pure love and light entering the sword giving it the ability to kill wraiths, shades, orcs, dragons and evil creatures. The sword glowed briefly as the power left him. Feeling the power transition to the sword was like nothing he has ever felt, it belonged to him, the sword is part of him; he is now and forever part of the sword. 
Knowing he had the power to cast another spell, Mitch knew in his heart he could not stop now. Did he have the courage face the darkness again?  His recent brush with the darkness frightened him; he now knew firsthand how evil and powerful it truly is. With love, strength and resolve, he would make the sword able to cut virtually anything and remain sharp. The darkness is there, he felt it lurking waiting to strike as before to draw him in but he was ready for it this time imagining the sword slicing orcs skin and steel armor with ease he added the power of pure love and light forcing the darkness away from him. Again, he felt the power leave him and again, the sword glowed briefly then returned to normal.
Leadyl could feel his power ebb and flow from him to the sword more amazed than ever seeing so much power used with such ease. Who is the man she has falling in love with? He is the most powerful person she has ever met, she thought with some apprehension. Watching him move with the sword, she realized he is more than capable with it, he is dangerous with it. Placing the sword on top of his backpack next to the fire, he sat next to her without a word.  The silence was deafening for a time the crackling of the fire and there breathing the only sounds.
“Lea," he said softly shattering the silence startling her.
“Are you well Mitch?” she whispered.
“Yes, I think so.”

~~~~

The wraith moved through the carnage oblivious of the death and destruction around it, passing the heads of children and adults alike impaled on the ends spears sticking up out of the ground.  The miasma of death is everywhere but it could not have cared in the least. What the evil wraith was searching for was not here. Passing the bodies of humans and orcs alike it cared little for the death and carnage visited on this once peaceful and prosperous place. Moving through the rubble of the burned out trading post, it glided through the smoke from the fire lazily drifting slowly across the ground like fog.
Suddenly, it sensed a feeble life in the rubble so it floated toward it. Lying on the ground next to the wheel of a broken down wagon is a human child with a savage wound across its chest. By all rights, the child should have already died and the wraith wondered unconcernedly why it had survived. Floating closer the wraith wondered yet again, why the child is alive. Is the child here for it to take its spirit, or is it happenstance only that the child is still breathing, either way the wraith is thrilled immeasurably at the thought of taking its tiny spirit. This time it did not bother to try to understand why.
Gliding to the child as if floating in the wind, the wraith's passage is silent as death, its darkness briefly settling over the child enveloping it consuming the child's tiny spirit leaving nothing more than a dried husk of a human being. The wraith did not glean much satisfaction from this feeding but it knew there would be others. The one it waited for would come here in his travels and it would feed on power the likes of which even its masters could not conceive, again it wondered how it knew this was so.

~~~~

The dawn came crisp and cloudy as the sun rose over the distant mountains. Staring toward her village, Celedryl watched the carrion eating birds circling in the sky above. Her friends came and stood next to her gazing in same direction. Moving forward resolutely, Ethan surprised her by gently putting his hand on her shoulder stopping her from going to the village. Turning angrily she looked at him and with a sincere smile; he gently shook his head no. Looking to her uncles for support, she could tell they did not want her to go.  Turning with a deep sigh of resignation, she looked back toward her village knowing in her heart that the worst has happened. With tears in her eyes, she walked back to their cold camp to start a fire with Danielle quickly joining her.
“Guid day laddie how dae ye feel aboot taggin' alang wi Hairytoes an me,” Hobnobby inquired.
Before he could reply Hairytoes agreed, “aye it wuld be guid if ye tagged alang wi us.”
 “Ah wuld be mair then happy tae go wi ye,” he said with aplomb.  Ethan is a linguist in the navy so learning various languages always came easy to him. The two dwarfs looked at each other in astonishment.
“Sae be it laddie let's be aff with ye tae th' village,” Hobnobby beamed.
Wending their way through the tame cattle they inched closer to the village with still no sign of human sign life but the stench of death is near unbearable. The village consisted of houses, barns, outbuildings, a forge and a meeting hall all built with mortared ruff cut stone and high peaked roofs made of cut oak covered in thatch. The gables in the front of each house were made of the same material as the roof and the entire back wall is the fireplace made of the same stone as the rest of the building. In the front of each house a single solid oak door cut two inches thick with wood latches and iron hinges lay wide open to the elements as if all the occupants had rushed out of their homes never to return. The lintels above the doors are plain cut pine with the owners names carved into the wood some of them done in intricate patterns of lines and images of animals. Each house had two windows one on each side. Two of the three the largest buildings, the male and female bathhouses each have huge fireplaces that keep them warm and for the boiling of water for baths.
Designed in a concentric circle, with the bathhouses and meeting hall making up the center of the village followed by rows of houses positioned in a circle working their way outward in an ever-expanding circle allows for the addition of more houses and wells added in the space between them and the outbuildings.  Outside the circle fenced in crops and pastures expand outward with barns built to store hay for the winter in the lofts, and for the times when it is brutally cold out, the cattle can use them for warmth.  Many outbuildings contain building material, cold storage for meat, trade goods for next summer when the traders came north to trade and various farming equipment. A wall or palisade around the village was never built because there had never been a need for one before now.
Soon, they began seeing ubiquitous amounts of bodies scattered across the ground leading to the village. Many ripped apart, cloven in half, dismembered limbs lying about and spears standing upright in the ground with the heads of women and babies impaled on them. Some of the scavenger birds shrieked and flew away at their approach but others kept pecking at the carrion oblivious of the intruders. The grass at their feet is matted and stained black with dried blood. Their stomachs hurling what little food was in them they staggered on with tears in their eyes at seeing the carnage before them. Ethan who had known death while a special agent for the navy had seen death up-close and personal but nothing prepared him for this. 
Wending their way through the bodies until they came to a particular house the two dwarfs went inside to return shortly with a sword and a large backpack.  There facial expressions grim they handed Ethan both items. He slipped his arms through the backpack then strapped on the sword following quickly after the dwarfs searching the bodies intently looking for someone. Thankfully, a northerly breeze started blowing thinning the stench making it more bearable. Finally, they came to a body of a large man with long blond hair streaked with gray laying on the ground surrounded by a dark stain of dried blood from when he bled to death. Lying on the ground next to his body, a giant of an ork lay dead, with an ax buried in his chest.
Kneeling next to the body with tears running down their faces the two dwarfs began rocking back and forth making a lamenting sound that tore at Ethan's heart. He summarily guessed this had to be Celedryl’s father. The thought that she would never see him alive again saddened him, he had lost both his parents at a young age to a vehicle accident but he remembered them well and missed them dearly. He thought about Celedryl’s mother wondering whether she were alive or would they find her body here too. 
Struggling to his feet in grief, Hairytoes placed his foot on the dead orcs stomach, grabbed the handle of the ax wedged deep in the orcs body and pulled with all his strength wrenching it free. Quickly looking for something to clean the blade, he found a discarded wool blanket lying on the ground. When he finished cleaning the ax, he shoved the handle into his dead friend’s wide belt. Hobnobby found a pull cart next to one of the houses and walked it over. With Ethan’s help, they gently placed the body in the cart. Carefully with all the reverence reserved for a king they cared for the body the best they could cleaning the face and hands free of blood with a damp cloth then covering the body with a clean fur blanket they found inside one of the nearby houses.  Fortunately, none of the scavenger birds had gotten to him yet.
“We must burn th’ deid an’ look fur clothes, weapons an’ food fur a lang joorney. Eatin th’ sword ‘at ye hae wus Celedryl’s mither’s sword an must be returned tae ‘er. Now both her maw an paw hae bin killed by slimy dung eatin orcs,” the last he growled angrily. Ethan now had the whole story and felt sad for Celedryl.
Separating they searched for things they would need for their survival. They hated to do this but there need for survival far outweighs the unease they feel taking things from the dead. Ethan changed into a leather pullover jerkin, leather pants, belt, and boots. He put a spare set of clothes in his backpack with sacks of dried fruit and meat, eating utensils, small metal plates and a pot he found on a shelf. In another house, he found a heavy fur jerkin that would do nicely to keep him warm. In the same house, he found similar clothes and boots he thought would fit Danielle and Celedryl that he threw into a haversack he found.
Meeting back at the pull cart they loaded up their bounty including fresh meat that the Hairytoes and Hobnobby found in the outbuildings that would last two days so they would not have to hunt for fresh meat.  Ethan took the sword off his belt and laid it next to Celedryl’s father.
“Laddie we huv the lest distasteful chore we must dae,” Hairytoes observed grimly.
“Aye Eatin 'at we dae,” chorused Hobnobby throwing him a pair of leather gloves.
Quickly finding another pull cart, they started the grim job of burning the dead. In the center of the village is a burn pit stacked high with wood for a bonfire already prepared for the fall festival due to start soon. The villagers never realized they were making a funeral pyre when they piled the wood high for the celebration of a bountiful summer. With the first load of bodies, they lit the fire stoically watching the flames lick the dried wood until the heat from the fire forced them to step back from it. Realizing the fire was ready, they unceremoniously began throwing the bodies on the fire.  The orcs they would burn last in a separate fire not wishing to mix the ashes. The day proved long and arduous, a day that changed them for the rest of their lives the black smoke of death bellowing high into the sky stretching off into the distance signaling to all a village had died.

~~~~

Celedryl sat by the fire staring toward village her mind numb with fears of the worst. When she saw the first hint of the smoke from the funeral pyre, she knew her worst fears had come true. Danielle moved closer to her and put her arm around her shoulders neither speaking resigned to the long wait for the men to return with what news they brought.
By late afternoon, they could see in the distance the men walking back with a pull cart. Celedryl could not move; frozen with foreboding knowing they were bringing her father back to her either gravely wounded or dead. He would have to be in either condition for him to be in the cart, he was far too proud for that, she thought. Watching them get closer, she could tell by their drawn pale faces filled with exhaustion and sorrow what the answer was.
They stopped at the edge of the camp but still she could not move. Danielle ran up to Ethan and briefly hugged him but his eyes were locked on her. Trying not to succumb to urge to run off screaming in pain and anguish, she focused on his eyes and the concern for her she saw there. Fortunately, her legs were too weak to stand from sitting cross-legged on them all day. Squatting on his feet in front of her he took both her hands in his looking deep into her eyes his full of sympathy and remorse. “I am sorry Celedryl we brought your father back to you for one last time,” he said in a tone indicating that it clearly pained him to tell her.
 Tears burst from her eyes blinding her but she knew she had to rise and go to her father but she knew did not have the strength to stand. Sensing this Ethan helped her stand but she immediately fell forward into his strong chest and arms uncontrollably sobbing, her legs felt as if hundreds of mice with their sharp claws were running up and down the length of them as blood flowed back into them. Holding her close, he gently stroked her luscious dark-brown hair trying to comfort her in her sorrow.
Finally, when her legs felt more normal she gently broke away from him wiping her eyes with the back of her hands. Unaided she walked to the wagon pulling back the makeshift burial shroud to look at her father’s face.  Even in death, he looked the strong proud man she knew and loved. Something changed inside her, she was no longer the little carefree girl that loved to roam the mountains and valleys but something else, something she feared to become that could change her for the worst.
The men were exhausted both mentally and physically from the long grueling day but they knew they could not stop. They had brought everything they needed to set up a camp, wood for the fire, food, pots, with two tents.  With Daniele’s help, Celedryl worked unthinkingly preparing the meat for cooking over the fire. Before long, the tents were up and lighted torches on tall poles surrounding the perimeter of the camp chased the darkness away. With time before supper, and after they refreshed themselves with fresh water they brought from the village the men started clearing an area of rocks to bury Celedryl’s father. With the tools they brought from her village, they started digging a grave for her father’s body using the rocks to protect the grave from scavengers.
Supper passed in silence and the men went to finish digging the hole while the two young women cleaned up the dishes with the water and soap. When the hole was completed, the men carefully interred the body there filling the hole in placing the rocks neatly over the fresh dug grave. Ethan took the long-handled ax and buried the handle in the ground with the blade upright at the head of the grave bracing it with more stones. Lighted Torches on tall poles guarded the four corners of the grave.
Walking to the grave Celedryl sat with her legs folded underneath her sobbing quietly. Father, what am I to do? I have this anger and hatred of the orcs inside me that threatens to consume me. I have lost you father I have lost everything and for what she silently asked herself with tears in her eyes. The evil plaguing our land has destroyed everything that I have ever loved and now you father, “oh father I miss you so,” the last she shouted leaning forward her long hair hiding her face while sobbing uncontrollably. Seeing her agony at the loss of her father Ethan could not stand to watch a moment longer. Reaching down he gently pulled her to her feet pulling her close in a strong embrace comforting her until she stopped sobbing. With his arm still around her shoulders, he walked her back to the campfire so she could she sit next to Danielle who wrapped her arm around her pulling her close while they shared the warm fire.
Walking to the cart Ethan retrieved the sword they had brought back with them bringing it to where Danielle and Celedryl were sitting. “Celedryl, "Ethan smiled warmly walking up to her. A jolt of excitement raced through her as he approached her with his jerkin off and the sweat glistening in the firelight off his well-muscled body and she wondered at her feelings. “Here is your mother’s sword, we recovered it for you,” offering the sword.
“Thank you Ethan,” on the verge of crying, she stifled her sobs taking the proffered weapon. “I never learned how to use this,” she said quietly to no one in particular.
“May I see it?” Danielle asked tentatively standing next to Ethan. Celedryl mechanically handed her the sword not knowing what she intended to do with it.  She learned quickly as Danielle soon proved she is more than adept masterfully swinging the sword using many of sword forms, lunges, cutting techniques, blocks, and turns all too fast to follow. Finally, exhausted from the display of sword prowess she slumped to the ground to catch her breath. She looked beautiful with her blond hair spread over her slumped form partially hiding her face her chest heaving for air. Celedryl was breathless from the display; she has not seen such ability with the sword since she had watched her mother practice with it. Her uncles for the first time were speechless at the display of swordsmanship they had witnessed.
Sweat pouring down her beautiful face Danielle stood still catching her breath walked over to Celedryl to return to her a wonderfully made sword. The sword is an elf made katana with a keen single edge and a long blood groove bo-hi on both sides of the blade near the ridge. The length of blade is twenty-seven inches, with a ten-inch handle and the round guard made of polished steel like the blade. The white oak handle wrapped in soft leather and covered in black silk contrasted beautifully with the buttcap at the end of the handle made to match the guard with polished steel.
“I bequeath the sword to you Danielle I am sure if my mother would have known you she would see that the sword is drawn to you as you are drawn to the sword. The sword has innate magic that it chooses who welds it so I knew it did not belong to me when not long after my mother’s death my uncle brought the sword to me. The name of the sword is Torwen it means forest. The spirit of the one it chooses defines what the innate qualities it may have.  Treat the sword and those around you with uprightness and it will serve you in your greatest need.”
Danielle is stunned at her words never in her short life could she have imagined she would have such a sword at this. Knowing somehow the maker of the sword made it for her; she could feel the swords attachment to her. She quickly hugged Celedryl in gratitude with one arm while holding the sword with the other.
“I hate to break this up but here are some clothes you too can change in to,” Ethan said handing them the haversack full of clothes. “Hairytoes has a pot of water warming for you and bar soap so you can freshen up before bed.”
Sniffing the air, Danielle burst out laughing, "Likewise I hope you repugnant men do too." Ethan was very happy to see the small smile hovering at the edges of Celedryl's mouth.
“Whoa you do not have much room to talk about my not so sweet smelling rose petal.”
Laughing Danielle lifted her arm smelling her armpit. “Whew, you are right about that,” she exclaimed. “Come on Celedryl let’s get away from these foul-smelling men and get changed for the night. Oh and Ethan please be a good man and leave the pot of warm water in front of our tent,” she laughed as the two girls headed for their tent.
Chapter 4

If anyone in the city had been paying any attention and peering down a dark alley, big cities like this always have them, they would have seen a dark swirling mass of energy suddenly appear then quickly disappear again. Some would think they were imagining it and keep walking or if a curious type who happened to be out at this late hour became curious enough they might walk down the alley for a closer look heedless of the danger alleys like this pose. So is the case with Engelbert  Kennard Payne peering down the alley, knowing full well he would walk into the alley to see what if anything was there to assuage his curiosity.
Ken most people called him that except his mother who called him by his first name Engelbert after some hardly known singer from the twentieth century, hated his first name because of the good-natured teasing he experienced for most of his life. Now that he is older, he never uses his first name and his middle name shortened to Ken is what he prefers.  Ken is not a big or imposing young man nor is he the most intelligent either and this decision to walk down an unlit deserted alley in the middle of the night proved that. Most cities in the United States and that included postwar New York; the old New York was blasted into slag and molten metal, is not any different than most in that it did not have the resources to light every dark alley in the city.
Unfortunately, for Ken he did not take a moment to considerer his actions, he has rarely done that for most of his short life, he would have realized he was making a very bad decision when he let his curiosity got the best of him. Obliviously walking through the puddles from the recent rain and discarded trash, he suddenly stopped in fear thinking a shadow moved near the end of the alley. He moved forward a step and the shadow did not move as before so he laughed nervously to himself thinking it is merely his imagination playing tricks on him. Something is pulling him toward the end of the alley. In the beginning, he thought his curiosity led him into the alley but now he knew it is anything but that.
 The fear he felt is a palpable thing soaking him like his sweat nearly crippling him but still kept walking toward the end of the alley. Suddenly, the shadow moved faster than anyone could ever imagine standing abruptly in front of him. Ken stood frozen in stark terror with the shade staring at him with unequivocal evil emanating from its coal-black eyes. The shade is typical height and build of a human with two legs and two arms but any resemblance to a human being stopped. Its outer flesh is like leather as black as night without body hair. The elongated head perched on it shoulders with its with a mouth full of sharp teeth looked like it could rip flesh to shreds. The creature's hands and feet end in long talons that it used for climbing or ripping flesh from it victims' bodies.
With its right hand, the shade lightly dragged its talons down the right side of Ken’s face furrowing four lines of blood trailing from his cheekbone to his jaw line. Ken was terrified, more terrified than any human being should endure. His eyes were bulging from their eye sockets, and his breathing is nearly nonexistent. Moving closer the shade sniffed the blood on Ken’s face its nose slits covered with Ken's blood. Slowly and languidly, the shades tongue snaked out of its mouth licking the blood from Ken’s face his skin beginning to sizzle and burn as if acid were touching it. All the while, he looked on unable to move, unable to scream aloud in pain, he knew he was going to die a horrible death and he could do nothing about it not even run.
Suddenly, faster than the eye could follow the shades talons were around Ken’s throat lifting him bodily from the ground. Darkness darker than any night moved down the shades arm quickly enveloping Ken’s head and in mere moments enshrouding his body. Receding back the way it came it left an empty shell of a man that looked nearly a hundred years old. Dropping the lifeless body to the ground the shade stepped back shuddering in ecstasy gradually changing its skin to a more human like appearance with body hair. Its appendages grotesquely reformed into human hands and feet the sound of bones snapping and repositioning themselves echoing up and down the alley. Its head shrunk and its evil heart changed into a monstrosity of a facsimile of a human heart that pushed human blood down transformed veins.
The shade is a perfect copy of Engelbert Kennard Payne who lay dead on the ground. The shade hated this transformation but its masters have commanded it to do so and to refuse them was out of the question. Quickly stripping Ken's body of clothes, it dressed its naked body. It now had all of Ken’s memories and knowledge to work with to find the president of the United States and do its masters bidding.

~~~~

As the sun began rising over the tops of the cities skyscrapers, Detective Maiko Machi Nakamura is sleeping peacefully and satiated after a long night of lovemaking with her newest lover when her communication notification system started that irritating pinging sound it makes when someone is trying to contact her. She groaned in her pillows lying next to her lover trying to ignore it hoping it would stop. Trying to bury her face deeper in the pillows, her long brown hair covering most of her naked shoulders and face, she grumbled something under her breath unsuccessfully wishing for the sound to stop.  Reluctantly she gave up withdrawing her shapely legs from under the covers sitting up in bed, her lover groaned pulling the covers over his head trying to block out the irritating sound.
Knowing the sound would not stop however hard she wished it would she grudgingly gave in; swinging her legs over the side of the bed, she rose languidly from the bed. Looking at her naked body in the full-length vanity mirror, she admired herself for a moment thinking she still looked good for recently turning thirty. Her body is indeed spectacular with her shapely legs and thighs to slim waist and firm breasts. The long brown hair that she cared for to the point of over indulgence to the temptation of vanity half cascaded down her back and the other half partly hiding one of her breasts making her look like an enthralling seductress. She looked at her still beautiful face and did not see any signs of aging, her Japanese heritage showing in her features.
Gracefully she reached for a short and not very concealing robe lying on the back of her vanity chair languidly wrapping it around her luscious body gazing at herself in the mirror. The silk robe added to her seductiveness hinting at what was underneath at the same time enhancing the shapeliness of her body. Taking one last look at herself in the mirror, she exited her bedroom to the left unhurriedly walking down the hall to a spare room she used as an office.
The room is not too large, but is elegant nonetheless with its lavish accouterments. The rich carpet covering the floor of the room and the rest of her apartment kept the floors warm from the harsh winters prevalent in this area of the country. Antique paintings of old central park depicting people having picnics surrounded by the local fauna and wildlife decorated the walls. Since she was a child, she had a fascination with things and history from Old New York and these painting were part of her collection. Walking to her desk to a soft black leather chair behind it Maiko with apparent resignation sat.
Sighing she pressed a recessed button on her desk and a square panel slid forward revealing a ten inch by ten-inch control panel for the Stellargraphic System recently installed in her apartment at the departments expense. The system was too new and costly for most people, including her to purchase without the departments help. The control panel is a hand recognition system that identifies her by placing her hand over it and a Stellargraphic image appears slightly above and in front of her desk allowing her to move her hand slightly choosing from the menus displayed.  When she chooses an menu an image of her hand appears in the image reaching up and touching it.
She chose to answer the call and instantly an image of one of her junior detectives quickly displayed beside of the visual control panel. He is young and a little ambitious but he did not usually bother her on her day off unless it could not wait until she reported to work. She looked at his young handsome face wondering what he would be like in bed quickly dismissing the thought. Although not against department policy for police officers to become intimate with each other but it is against hers.
“All right Garrett I am sure that whatever your reason is for waking me at the crack of dawn will be worth it since I have only been sleeping for an hour,” she scolded gently with a half-smile on her face.
“We have a body in an alley near Fifteenth and Main,” he answered dryly.
“Ok, I will bite what makes this body any different from any other body that ends up in an alley near Fifteenth and Main.”
“I am glad you asked,” he beamed like a little boy that new something his mother did not. “Let me show you.” He moved his Stellargraphic handheld device pointing it at the naked dead body.
“Crap Garrett you could have at least warned me,” she gasped view returning to him.
“I wanted to get your response to see if you had the same response as I did,” he laughed with that boyish smile on his face she found at most times quite cute but now is not one of those times.
“All right Garrett you have a hundred year old naked dead man in an alley why is that so important you could not wait until I had my breakfast,” she snapped. “At least then I would have something in my stomach to throw up,” she chuckled softening her anger some.
“That's clincher detective he is not even close to a hundred,” he said with a smug expression on his face.
“Get to the point Garrett I have a warm bed and a hot body I could be snuggling with right now instead of bantering words with you. This had better be good!”
“Right, I am sorry I will get to the point of all of this. I ran his handprint, his name is Engelbert Kennard Payne, and he lives with his mother at 10239 North 22nd Avenue. He was born on September 22, 3005 making him twenty-three.”
“Are you absolutely sure?”
“I am certain or I would not have disturbed you,” he pointed out brusquely.
“Your right Garrett I am sorry. I should know by now not to question your thoroughness, she said trying to mollify him.
“Not to worry detective. Do you want to come down to the scene?”
“Did you see any signs of a struggle, murder weapon?” she asked.
“No murder weapon in the conventional sense and certainly no real struggle either and what I did find is very strange to say the least. He has four lines of blood trailing from his cheekbone to his jaw line where claws of some kind ripped his flesh and puncture wounds around his neck  that look like the same claws made them. What I cannot wrap my head around is the way he died, none of the physical wounds would have outright killed him. Why did he age and become this dried up shell? It looks like his life was sucked out of him,” he questioned frustratingly.
“I am sure you have done all you can do there, so it won’t be necessary for me to come down there. Notify me when the autopsy is complete, oh and rush it Garrett,” she said as an afterthought.
“I sure will detective.  Meanwhile I will have the unfortunate pleasure of bringing the bad news of her son's death to Mrs. Payne.”
“Better you than me and Garrett quit calling me detective I really have a first name. I am going back to bed.”

~~~~

Leadyl and Mitch had gotten an early start and pushed harder than before to reach the Dragons Bane River by late afternoon. Legends said the river got its name centuries ago from the elves, living alongside of it. The elves would ply this river in small boats and trade with people that lived farther south on the plains. The river had its origins deep under a mountain far to the north. A dark and twisted dragon lived in a cave near the top of the mountain permeating the mountain and underground river with very powerful and evil power. Ancient writings and drawings depict two competing dragons vying for the right to claim the mountain but others said that the dragons fought to the death good against evil. They fought an epic battle of dragons so fierce it sundered the side of a mountain creating a sheer cliff on one side. When the mountain was shattered the poisonous river was freed of its confines flowing southward in a rush poisoning the land on either side of it with its dark waters. In ancient tomes it is written any who drank from it went mad to die a horrible death their bodies blackened dark as the flowing river. As time passed, the river changed for the better nourishing the area with its clean water and fish.
Walking through the forest t enjoying each other's company they spent most of the day talking and learning the other’s ways.  Mitch's stories about his childhood and the advanced technology that he took for granted amazed Leadyl. Much of what he told her she could not fathom and she knew he felt the same with her world and all the intricacies of magic that it held. He was overwhelmed with questions and he had to be very frustrated the answers were not forthcoming.
By late afternoon, they came upon the river. Walking up to the river's edge, they could smell the honeysuckle vines growing alongside of the river mingling with the nearby trees their vines snaking languidly up their sides overhanging the tree branches. At this location, the river is waist deep with a smooth sandy bottom. Cupping the cold clear water in his hands Mitch took a long slow drink watching the river flow lazily between the trees hanging over the river their limbs sometimes touching the water. Seeing the big fat speckled trout gently flicking their fins to stay in place with the flow of the river teased him greatly. Watching the trout for a moment Mitch yearned for his fishing equipment thinking about how much his dad would love to be fishing here with him. Sighing he stood and followed Leadyl north along the river for a short distance, until they found a small wooden walk bridge spanning the river, crossing there they headed northeast.
“Lea, how did you know to look for me when you did,” he inquired looking around the forest admiring its natural beauty.
“I woke that morning and felt something tugging at me urging me to go to the glade where I take my ease. Walking to the glade, I was puzzled someone or something was trying to communicate with me. I knew whoever was trying to direct me to the glade was not evil just by the feel of it but I still kept my mind closed to intrusion. With skill and training, you will be able to prevent the sort of contact like when I sent an image to you but keep in mind it does not have to be images it can be in the form of voices too. At the time I did not know who or what was trying to communicate with me but I would say now that it could have been the guardians of the light,” pausing she studied the forest around them playing close attention to their back trail as if there still might be pursuers. Every time she did this, it made Mitch nervous knowing there could be danger lurking anywhere.
“So these guardians of the light sent you a message so you could save me to be a tool for them to use and that is why everybody on the other side wants me dead," he said cynically.
“Well since you portray it so succinctly and with such surety, I would not dare to contradict you in such matters,” she replied with a touch of humor in her voice trying to lighten the conversation some because she could understand what he was going through and she did not want to upset him. “As I was saying we have the power once we are taught to not allow simply anyone to enter our minds as I did with you. Tentatively at first, I made sure whoever was touching at the edges of my mind was not malevolent before I let them in. When you relaxed, I could send you the image giving you a focal point in which to cast the spell creating the threshold. I do not have the skill or power to create one for others or myself. Once I let them contact me voices told me one would come from another realm that would exude a great imagination and I must bring them to our realm,” she paused to let him consider what she told him.
“Would you say the guardians of the light created the threshold that brought my ship here?”
“That would be my guess, because I do not know of anyone that could do such a powerful and costly feat of magic but them,” Leadyl answered as honestly as she could.
“So you did not have a clear image of me nor did you know what to expect?”
“Correct you could have been anything other than who you are but thankfully you turned out to be modestly handsome and appealing,” she replied mischievously.
“Why thank you for the complement you are too kind to imply that I am modestly handsome and I have even a small measure of a chance to receive your favor,” he quipped laughing lightheartedly before continuing on a serious note. “How does someone attack your mind and how do you tell they are either good or evil?”
By late afternoon, they were hungry and tired. The forest is quieting for the evening the birds and squirrels going to wherever they go to sleep and the nightbirds beginning to stir.  The cool breeze from the north kept the midge away bringing with it the scent of pine but also a smell of cooking rabbit from a nearby fire wafting through the trees.  Nocking an arrow, Leadyl silently as a ghost lead the way among the trees and thick underbrush. Turning she gave Mitch a stern expression that meant he had better be quiet. Chagrined he vowed he would be equally silent as she when moving through the forest.
Moving silently through the trees staying close to the shadows cast by the lowering sunlight they crept closer to the campsite. The delicious smell the meat cooking made their mouths water and their stomachs loudly growl in excitement so much so someone could hear them from a furlong away. Suddenly, freezing in place at the sound their stomachs made they crouched behind a clump of honeysuckle growing predominantly in the area and the bough of a tall pine.
“Truly it is not wise to sneak up on someone when your bellies are empty. Come Leadyl bring your loud friend into camp and share my fire.” The voice is quiet but deep and strong like a bear coming from a giant of a man sitting on a log with his back to them turning a spit full of cooking meat over the fire.
Looking at each other with shocked expressions on their faces they could understand that their stomachs gave them away but how did he know who is hiding directly behind him? Standing with his hand on his sword Mitch walked toward the big man with Leadyl following and to one side. Drawing nearer to the clearing they realized how massive this man is, he wore a black mantle with a hood covering most of his body as it draped over his head and back. “Come loud one take your hand off the hilt of that little pig sticker of a sword and sit by the fire. I am as hungry as you are.”
Seeing a log conveniently placed directly across from the one the big man is sitting on, both took their seats getting a better look at him. The full beard on his face did not completely cover its craggy visage and although not an ugly face it is not a face that would appeal to Leadyl.  His sunken eyes with dark circles under them were the brightest white that she had ever seen, not the white of blindness but something else. She could not distinguish any evil or good from his eyes while he equally appraised her seeming to know everything about her. Making it even more disconcerting is the lack of emotion or malevolence in them, nothing but two tunnels of light that went on forever.  Leadyl could not sense any evil intent or goodness either, he is an enigma and she did not like it one bit. 
“I see that you have found the loud one. He is not what I expected but we do not get to choose who we get I expect,” the big man mused.
“Why are you calling him the loud one? I know he is not woods wise but he certainly is not deserved to be called the loud one,” she objected putting her hand on Mitch’s leg. She knew he was fast becoming angry enough to confront the big man in front of them.
“I thought you to be more adept than this Leadyl. His imagination is so loud I could hear it when he arrived here, as can others. How do you think it possible for you to hear him in the first place?" he asked indifferently as if he did not care if he got an answer.
Placing his hand quickly on Leadyl's leg, trying to prevent her from doing anything rash, he knew the man was baiting them, but he was not sure why unless he was gauging their reactions to his derisive nature. The big man reached under his cloak with his right hand causing Mitch to tense for action. From under his cloak, he brought out a foot long hunting knife and began carving the meat putting it on tin plates. When he was done, he reached across the fire handing them the food. The meat is delicious far better than they thought it would be, with seasoning on it unlike they have had before giving it a farm raised taste instead of a gamy wild taste. They remained silent through the meal each in their thoughts.
When they had finished eating Cormyr started speaking, “my name is Cormyr and I come from the south below the southern mountain range from a city called Riannon. It is a beautiful city were King Vanderghast lives with thousands of others. The outer walls are made of the famed Dwalur Granite as is the palace and the noble’s homes.  They are one-hundred feet high and thirty feet thick with the main gates made of the same granite as the walls but perfectly balanced so they swing open and closed easily with two men. Dwalur was a dwarf miner in the mountains near the city. He was mining for gold and stumbled on the granite. He was amazed at the beauty of the stone with its rich reds, greens, and blue colors. Not long after he had dug enough of it out to build his house on the side of the mountain he realized this stone would make a magnificent wall for a city,” Cormyr paused while he mused. Mitch and Lea sat as still as stone not daring to interrupt him with questions.
“Dwalur knew gold could be made if he could persuade the Lisundal to come off the plains and help build a city at the base of a mountain he had in mind. The Lisundal were a mixed race of elves and humans that roamed the plains on horseback herding cattle and hunting plains animals for food and furs. His plan was to get them to help build this magnificent city made of all granite where it would be the centerpiece of the world. An underground river flows south out of the base of the mountain then on to the Nerida Sea. He knew if they built docks and barges the granite, cattle and furs would then have a way southward to Tordar and sold at the auctions.  He met with a Lisundal clan leader by the name of Riannon to propose his innovative plans. To make this very old long story a mite shorter the city was built and named for Riannon the first King and the mountain range, and river was named for Dwalur,” he paused reaching into his very large backpack and took out a wine-skin and proceeded to pull the cork taking a drink from it.
Sighing with pleasure, he put the stopper back tossing the skin to Mitch who looked at it wondering what if anything he was to do with it. “Drink it is sweet red wine from the vineyards of Galindel a city northeast of Riannon and south of the Southern Mountain range known for its soil for growing grapes. Drink it is the last of it so I would partake of it lest I finish it,” Cormyr warned them. Mitch took a drink from the wineskin a smile slowly spreading across his face at the unexpected taste of such a fine wine. Quickly taking a sip of the wine Leadyl could not help but smile in appreciation at the wonderful taste of the sweet full wine.
“I presume you are wondering what I am doing here and how I know who you are. You have to know it is not by mischance that I am. The guardians of the light sent me to safeguard you both and bring you to Castle Qenildor to see Bilgrammus a great wizard in his own right. You are in grave danger for it has been foretold that you both will have a part to play in this game of power we find ourselves in.”
“I do not consider this a game so from this point on, I am asking the questions and I expect answers to them furthermore, I have a name it is Mitch,” he growled directing his anger toward Cormyr who appeared not to notice.  Mitch calmed himself before he turned to Lea and said, “Earlier, I asked you how I would know whether someone meant me harm when trying to link with me through our minds. Please explain to me how to tell the difference and how to defend myself against such attacks.”
“To show you firsthand is much easier than trying to explain to you what it feels like to have contact with another that does not have any evil intent against you. Your imagination is your power so imagine I am knocking on the cabin door to your mind and you must sense what my intent is. What you must do is make sure whoever is knocking at your cabin door is there as a friend or an enemy before you choose to let them in.  You must make your cabin door very stout like our new friend here he has a portcullis guarding his mind."  Cormyr did not seem to notice her reference of him but she knew he was listening intently. "I do not foresee you having a problem telling the difference. One way to do so is to express your feelings for someone into your imagination or letting your goodness shine forth. Those who mean you harm cannot hide their evil intent so they will attack your mind with force that is why you must make your cabin door very stout. Let's try this Mitch so you may better understand what it is I am trying to explain to you,” she concluded taking his hand in hers.
With practiced ease, Leadyl found her imagination the source of her power, gently reaching out as she had done the previous time they had made contact. She is astonished at how his power had grown in such a short time. Her imagination suddenly ran away with her imagining herself surrounded by four children three girls and a boy. They were standing in the yard in front of her cabin next to a garden watching an older Mitch working it. Farther to the right of the garden, off to one side sat a larger home built similar to her cabin, chickens pecking the ground in front and to one side was a pen with a milk cow eating the hay.
When she turned and looked back toward Mitch, he saw her looking at him and smiled. She knew then they were imagining this as one and a sense of happiness overwhelmed her both falling deeper into what they were beginning to think as real. Walking out of the garden his youngest ran to him flying into his arms, scooping her up he could smell the lilacs in her hair when she hugged him. The boy his oldest was more reserved and looked more like him in both build and the way he walked toward his father. Happier than they could ever have imagined, their love had grown; with four beautiful children and a quiet life they cherished.
Suddenly, a menacing giant of a figure in a black cape with huge broad shoulders appeared among them with outstretched hands and an angry face shattering the moment. The children screamed in fear and shock at the apparition suddenly before them. “Stop this now,” it yelled in anger.
Mitch and Leadyl felt themselves torn apart, separated from the reality they had created. Mitch reached out with one hand while dearly holding his youngest trying to grab Leadyl’s hand but it slipped from his grasp. A searing flash of white light split them asunder bringing them back to reality. They sat on the log still holding each other’s hand with the giant specter of Cormyr standing across from them glaring down at them in anger. With tears in their eyes, they remembered what they had lost, the pain and grief nearly overwhelming them but as the moments passed they began to realize what they had accomplished.
“Do you truly understand what happened? Do you not know if not for me interfering when I did you would have never could return?” Cormyr admonished. “You both have much to learn,” he continued in a softer voice.
“Cormyr did we see a portent of what is to come? Did we foresee our real children?” Leadyl asked plaintively realizing now how powerful Cormyr is far more powerful than he lets on.
“I cannot say, you imagined what you wanted to see but the future is not fixed you know that you may have dissimilar children but your offspring will carry the weight of the world on their shoulders and their roles are predestined. The future is ever changing though your destinies are intertwined and if one of you prematurely dies it will assuredly alter the future, profoundly changing the others destiny. If that happened chances are the enemies of the light will have won this battle if not the war for this realm. Now you must sleep for we have a long and arduous journey before us. Oh, and Mitch your training starts tomorrow,” he said as an afterthought. With that, he banked the fire and lay down next to his backpack promptly going to sleep.
Leadyl and Mitch removed their packs and weapons arranging their bedrolls so they would be intimately close to each other. When they got as comfortable as the ground would allow Leadyl whispered, “Mitch do you think that what we foresaw was real?”
He lay there thinking for a moment grappling with his thoughts, “I am not sure Lea but what I do know we will have beautiful children. She snuggled closer to him putting her head in the crook of his shoulder and sliding one leg across his body.
“What of our children, what peril are we dooming them to by giving them birth?”
“The same as all other children born here I think. If the encroaching evil, were to gain this realm their lives would be forfeit.”
“True but they will be our offspring that will be in the forefront of the battle.”
“I know Lea and that frightens me but they will not be alone there will be others ready to fight for the right to live in peace and prosper.”
“It does not make it any easier knowing that.”
“We will not stop loving each other and when the time is right we will love each other as man and wife and have our children. We will teach them everything we know to help them survive any challenges they may face,” he avowed squeezing her tightly.

~~~~

The morning sun rose from the eastern sky bathing the valley in all its glory, the nighttime clouds raced off to the west as if being chased by the winds. To the northeast, the sky above the mountains looked black and menacing. The higher elevations would soon see snow, closing the passes and the lower elevations a drenching rain. The sawgrass is leaning away from the wind with the cottongrass seed heads and their fluffy mass of cotton spreading their seeds across the valley in a puffy cloud of white floating through the air. The heather with their umbrella shaped flowers pointing downward in pink, gray and green, mixed with the marigold with its yellow flowers and kidney shaped leaves, the beautiful starflower with its one or two white flowers shaped like stars made up a many colors on the valley floor. Celedryl stood watching the sun move across the valley as it rose over the mountains knowing this might be the last time she may ever see this valley again. She loved this valley with all her heart and now this part of her life was at an end. With tears in her eyes, she turned and walked back into her tent.
Feigning sleep, not to disturb Celedryl’s reflections, Ethan lay there enthralled with her beauty. The wind was blowing her dark hair around her face making her even lovelier in the morning sun. All he could think about is how beautiful she was looking over the valley like a sentinel. He thought he was starting to fall in love with Danielle but now he is not so sure. Celedryl captivated him; she is a mystery he had to understand. She is certainly complex, exciting and full of life but there had to be more. He did not know her age nor did he care, she is intelligent, strong and brave the way she fought those brigands on the trail and now with her father's death. He did not want to hurt Danielle especially with the loss of her brother but he could not keep his mind off Celedryl. He felt ashamed that he had not spent much time thinking about Mitch. With everything that has occurred it is not my fault, he thought trying to rationalize away his guilt. Besides, he thought I barely knew him anyway. With that thought, he was even more ashamed with himself getting up angrily throwing his blanket off him.
“Guid mornin, Eatin!
 “Good morning Hobnobby,” he replied with a startled expression.
“She is mighty bonnie dornt ye know?”
“Yes Hobnobby she is beautiful too beautiful”
“Why is she tay bonnie fur ye, Dae ye loove 'er laddie?”
“Hobnobby, I thought I was starting to fall in love with Danielle and now I am not so sure. I care for Danielle very much but now I am second-guessing my feelings.”
“Ye shoods walk in ‘at tent and teel Celedryl ye loove ‘er if ye knew what wus guid fur ye! Ye dae loove ‘er ah can see it in yer eyes but ye be tae thick headed tae realize it be true.”
“I am beginning to think it is true Hobnobby but she may not feel the same about me. Things are occurring too fast, where I come from it could take months or years for two people to finally figure out they are in love.”
“Ye must tak forever tae hae wee lassies an laddies in yer warld.  Ah hae knoon th' lassie since she be a wee child in 'er mither’s arms. Ah loove 'er like ma own an ah want whit is guid fur 'er. Ah jist know ye two ur meant fur each other.”
Unknown to them their voices carried to the two girls listening at their tent flap. Danielle was not surprised at hearing this, but on the other hand, Celedryl is clearly uncomfortable with the revelations. Danielle had noticed a change in Ethan; she could tell that he was struggling with something. When they came back from Celedryl’s village and she saw how he half greeted her and how he held Celedryl in his arms caressing her she knew he had changed then. The rest of the evening, she noticed how he could not keep his eyes off her looking at her furtively every chance he got. At first she was hurt and the longer she thought about it she realized she was infatuated with Ethan nothing more. It would have dreadful mistake if she had let her emotions rule her and acted on her desires.
“Celedryl I am ok with Ethan falling in love with you,” she whispered.
“I did not mean for this to happen Danielle, I am as truly shocked as you are,” Celedryl said still mortified.
“Do you love him?”
“I am not sure. When I look at him, I get this rush of feeling that starts in my stomach and races to my heart and for a moment I cannot breathe then it passes. After that I am left with this aching inside me that makes me want to go to him.”
“You must be careful that could be nothing more than infatuation or it could be that you are in love with him. Ethan has a good heart but he has always been what we call a ladies’ man. Women have been chasing him and fallen at his feet as long as I have known him.  I realize now I do not love him that way and it is a good thing I found out now before I made a terrible mistake, I care for him certainly but I do not love him that way. Celedryl how old are you?”
“Next spring I will be eighteen winters, I am of marrying age,” she replied proudly.
“You are young and have much to learn when it comes to men. Even if you marry Ethan, there will be many men who fall for you and many more will want you for their lover.”  The shocked expression on her face told Danielle all she needed to know about this young woman. “You need to ask yourself whether want Ethan or not. I think you certainly could have him if you wanted to, he seems to care for you though now he is a little confused. The most important thing is to make sure you love him unless you do not care if you hurt him.”
“Oh no, I would not feign love for him then abandon him,” Celedryl insisted.
“Here is what you can do, keep being yourself and be a little hard to get. Make him come to you but you have to be careful you need to balance being hard to get and still give him the impression in a flirtatious way you welcome his advances toward you, it is an art to do this and to succeed at it. The other thing you can do is take him aside and ask him if he loves you or tell him you love him. The final thing might be is act as if we did not hear a thing letting nature take its course and what comes of it does. Your uncle already seems to think you two are meant for each other.”
“I will think on it. You have truly been a good friend to me,” Celedryl said giving Danielle a hug that she returned with warmth.
“My brother is lost here,” Danielle said with a forlorn expression. That simple and unexpected statement took Celedryl aback. She had wanted to know more about her new friends and now maybe she would. Taking Danielle by the hand, she led her to their sleeping pallet to sit.
“He was with us when we came here. He could be dead or lost on this world with no one to help him. What is the name of this world Celedryl?”
“We call it Rhewan and the land we live in is called Volmoria. The dwarfs, elves, and humans all have names in their language but I think they mean the same.”
“We came through a spiraling bright light to end up above your world in our ship. Our ship is one of many that allow us to travel from one world to another with ease and when it became disabled, we had to abandon it. You saw how we arrived, the escape pods one received damaged in battle so my brother chose to stay with the ship. You know the whole captain going down with the ship routine. My only hope is he managed to find a way to the surface of your world and survives. I keep thinking that without you we would be having a much harder time," she concluded gratefully.
“We must try to find him Danielle and not give up hope. Is he as handsome as you are beautiful or did you get all the beauty in your family?” she giggled. Danielle had laugh at the girl’s attempt to make her laugh.
“Come I think we had better go outside and make sure the men do not burn our breakfast and the camp to boot.  I will tell you more of where I come from and yes my brother is very handsome,” she said with a sly wink and a smile.  Celedryl laughing followed Danielle from the tent.
Leaving the tent, they were astonished at what they saw. The men were not burning the food or the camp, but quite to the contrary, they were cooking pans of eggs, bacon, pork sausage links, and it smelled delicious. Celedryl smelled the food from her village and her stomach growled. This could very well be the last time she may ever eat this fare again vowing she would enjoy it while it lasted and move on with her life wherever it takes her. Finishing breakfast, they quickly broke camp the day windy and already getting cloudier promising rain before nightfall. Heading south toward the edge of the valley and the mountains lining the southern end they made good time walking over the small rolling hills.
Before reaching the mountains, Farwalker came running up to them from that direction stopping in front of Celedryl. He barked this low tone bark not like a dog bark but one in which she understood. Looking toward the trail leading into the mountains she let her gaze travel as far as possible toward the high pass, staring off into the distance she absently began scratching his head. Farwalker started with a low pitch whine smoothly changing octave lower then higher in a language all its own. Listening intently to him for a few moments, Celedryl knew something bothered him and if it bothered him, chances are it would be bad for all concerned.
Kneeling in front of him she whined using the same tones and inflections, with him quickly responding with mournful tones more high pitch and deeply sad. Ethan and Danielle watched in amazement as Celedryl communicated with the wolf and both dwarfs had concerned looks on their faces. Wrapping her arms around him with his head resting on her shoulder she sobbed. Truly shaken with what had happened to her village and now this she stayed like that until she could calm herself enough explain what had happened. With one last hug, she whined in Farwalker’s ear that she loved him.
“Farwalker’s entire adopted pack was killed by orcs in their den, all of them including pups and older adults. It appears there may have been far more orcs moving south than I first thought," she said rising brushing the dirt and grass from her knees.
“Aye lassie ‘at it does ah hink that we wull need tae warn th’ elves, humans an dwarfs mebbe even th’ trolls. We must mak ready fur war,” Hairytoes stated flatly.
“Ah wull go an warn them an ye bide an safeguard Celedryl,” Hobnobby ordered.
“Dinnae be a galoot Hobnobby! Ah have th’ Orcslayer an ‘at wull be better served haur tae stop th’ orcs from movin’ sooth an tae protect th’ clans,” Hairytoes asserted firmly.
“Aye me brither ye be right,” Hobnobby reluctantly agreed.
“We will go to Pine Hallow Trading Post and use the gold you brought from the village to buy supplies. Uncle Hairy you take some supplies with you for your long journey.” Turning to her new friends she said, “We will need to go to the trading post to resupply then from there we will travel south to Qenildor Castle home of Duke Sutherland to advise him of the events that have occurred recently. You both have learned the language sufficiently and by the time we get there you should have a better command of it. My father and he were very good friends and I visited the court as a child, he will be grieved when he learns of my father’s death,” she concluded rather wistfully.
“Since we are walking is the journey to the duke’s castle going to take a long time?” Ethan asked.
“I have not been there since I was a child and back then all journeys took forever. We will travel two or three days to reach the trading post. We must clear these mountains first then we will cross-hilly country until we get there. If we have luck on our side, we might be able to buy passage on a barge going south on the river leading to the castle. If not we will have a long walk before us,” Celedryl answered.
Saying their good-byes to Hairytoes they headed southwest to the trail that leads through the mountains and eventually to the trading post. The trail is a well-used during the summer months frequented by many a traveler and trader but this time of year there should not be too many travelers on the trail. Reaching the base of the mountain they started up the trail in the direction of where Celedryl thought the wolf pack lived, she wanted to find the site and bury the remains. More important, she had to be sure in her mind that orcs are responsible. She knew Farwalker would not be wrong but she wanted to see for herself so when she informed the duke she could say she saw the orcs bodies or a sign that they were there. It might sound strange to the duke if she told him that Farwalker had told her what happened.
She stopped gazing at the white fir with silver blue-green needles and light colored bark growing thick all the way up the mountain with the trail winding its way through them. Interspersed among them are various types of firs some as short as twenty feet to others reaching seventy feet tall. Scatted all over the ground in patches, the wild grass and silver-green juniper added a stark contrast to the white of the fir trees. Birds flitted through the trees with flashes of blue, red, and orange colors dazzling the eye. Looking deeper into the trees, she could barely see a small heard of deer moving quickly away from them, disappearing deeper into the trees.
“We need to be careful from this point on. I do not think the orcs are still in the area for the same reasons as before they need to get through the high passes like anyone else. I have numerous misgivings about why the orcs are doing this considering they have not done so in what a thousand years or more,” she paused quickly moving along the trail. "What do you say uncle?"
“Aye lassie 'at is mah feelin' tay,” Hobnobby answered.
“I know we cannot tell the future but something tells me this orc incursion is not going to be good for anyone. What has me confused is why now and for what reason do they do this?" 
“I think it is a probing attack and a chance to bloody some of the Orc warriors to give them a taste of battle so they can return to their campfires and brag to their fellows about killing and maiming weak humans. It will keep them busy during the long winter months until the thaw, and then they can return in mass.” Startled and pleased at the same time having Ethan suddenly walking next to her, Celedryl looked at Ethan with more respect at his insight. Danielle smiled to herself walking behind them with Hobnobby.
“Ethan I see you have the daggers that we took from those brigands do you know how to use them?”
“I am not trained in the use of the sword or these daggers. I fought with knives so I am sure I can add them to my fighting ability but as for being very proficient with them that will remain to be seen. I could probably use some instruction in the use of them.”
 “Ethan something tells me these orc movements are bigger than simply some orcs testing themselves in battle and coming out of the frozen wastes to go on a rampage. Mayhap it is bigger than all of us but I think we will face grave danger before this over.”
“Then will face it together,” he declared gingerly taking Celedryl‘s hand in his continuing up the trail. At first, she hesitated to take it but soon warmed to his touch and squeezed his hand in reassurance. The couple in front did not see Danielle smiling at the sight.
“Celedryl, can you tell me more about where we are and the countryside ahead?” Danielle asked quizzically.
“This trade route is one of many crisscrossing through the mountains eventually leading back to Pine Hallow. Once we leave these mountains, the trail skirts in between the mountains to the north and hilly country to the south. The trading post is near the Brookmoor River and I hope to get a ride on one of the barges that ply the river moving trade goods both north and south.  In the spring the trade goods are barged to the north although barges travel back and forth trading throughout the summer,” pausing she scanned the forest before continuing. “This late in the year there should only be last minute barges heading south through the winter resupply barges will occasionally come north. For this reason, we may not find a barge heading south and have to walk to the castle. The road south is called Barge Road and is well maintained and besides we might to meet the dukes twin sons riding to Brookmoor,” the look on Ethan’s face made her laugh so she squeezed his hand in reassurance. “Brookmoor Village is a small village used as a waypoint not quite half-way there," she added quickly changing the subject away from the duke's sons.
"Celedryl, can you tell about the duke and his family?” Danielle asked intrigued. 
“I have not been to the castle since I was a little girl so I am sure things have changed. He has a daughter around my age and twin sons three or four years older than I am.  I presume they have grown to be handsome young paladins by now wearing their burnished armor,” she said wistfully.  That sent a pang of jealously a second time in the last moment straight through Ethan’s heart nearly causing him to pull his hand away from Celedryl. What is wrong with me he thought, glad he did not jerk his had away from hers.
“What are their names Celedryl?” Danielle asked even more intrigued. 
“The boy’s well I should rightly say men are Doric and Dorin and their sister’s name is Shaylee Breena but when we were children we called her Lee but I am sure that will not be the case now. She was always beautiful so she has likely grown to be a beautiful woman of the court. I imagine she has the most beautiful dresses in the world. Up here we have no need for court dresses so I have never worn one. I have always wanted to try on some of those dresses the high-born women wear to court functions.”
“That sounds exciting they might have a ball when we arrive and we can try on some of those gowns and prance around so all the men of the court can acknowledge our great beauty and bow before us,” Danielle laughed sounding like the old Danielle.
“I can see you doing that Danielle,” Ethan said laughing. “I seem to recall at the officer’s ball you wore a gown that might rival one from the court. You had all the men stuttering when they tried to talk to you and more than a few women red with jealously,” he laughed even more at the remembrance of that night.
“I assure you it did not really happen that way,” Daniele said her turn to blush a bright crimson thoroughly embarrassed. They had stopped walking at this point staring at each other, Celedryl with an incredulous look on her face and Ethan well he was Ethan trying very hard not to burst out laughing at Danielle’s embarrassment. Then as if on cue, they burst out laughing even Hobnobby who had been silent taking in the conversation could not help but laugh.
Chuckling under their breaths, the much-needed lightheadedness lightened their steps making their way up the steady incline winding through the forest of fir enjoying each other’s company. By midday, they found a good place to stop and have lunch in a small draw with a sparkling spring running down the middle of it. The fur trees were thick near the draw so if they remained quiet they would be unseen by any passersby moving up or down the trail. The light rain that had begun to fall earlier did not seem to make it through the tops of the trees keeping them dry for the moment.
Knowing they needed to move on and find the den, Celedryl reluctantly stood removing the string from her bow placing it in her pack to keep it dry from the rain. Throwing her pack and quiver of arrows across her back, signaled to the others their short rest is over and each of them quickly made ready to travel. Soon, she stepped off the trail with Farwalker leading the way heading due west toward the wolves den, each fearing at what they might find when they arrived.
After about a furlong, they came to a small clearing with a huge boulder to one side with two fir trees on either side of it. In front of the large boulder, a hole in the ground ran from there under one of the trees disappearing into darkness. Strewn in front of the den were the bodies of wolves and orcs. The wolves gave a good accounting of themselves at a great loss of life. Farwalker went directly to a young female, sniffing her body he lay down next to her with his head on her side, her neck had been broken. With tears in her eyes, Celedryl sat next to Farwalker caressing him gently across the top of his head her hand stopping to rub the back of his neck.
Suddenly, they heard a faint growl coming from the den.  Leaping up with his ears perked, Farwalker listened intently. They heard it again a tiny growl of warning coming from the den. Farwalker was off like a shot into the den followed by a little commotion from inside then silence. A moment later Farwalker came out gently holding a pup by the scruff of the neck with his teeth. The girls squealed in delight at seeing the cute and cuddly little survivor, all gray with splotches of light-brown fur and white on each of its paws possibly the cutest thing they had ever seen. Farwalker set the pup down in front of them and the brave little thing stood its ground watching them closely.
“Danielle slowly not to frighten the little beast take your backpack off and get some of the dried meat that we packed away for emergencies, Celedryl said quietly. Danielle did as told setting the pack gently on the ground beside her. Sitting next to it, she retrieved the meat from the pack.
“Now when I move away from you call Farwalker over and hand-feed him, he is gentle so do not concern yourself he will not harm you. Then call the pup over and see whether it will take the food. If it does not give some to Farwalker then try again with the pup,” Celedryl instructed.
Farwalker gently took the meat from her outstretched hand while the pup watched with growing interest lifting its muzzle sniffing the air around it. Taking a small piece of meat Danielle slowly extended her hand toward the pup. Stretching its neck out as far as it could without moving its feet; the pup sniffed the meat then the tips of her fingers. Gingerly it opened its mouth gently taking the meat from her outstretched fingers greedily chewing the food and swallowing it. Before long, the cub is standing next to Farwalker gently taking food from her fingers.
Meanwhile, the others were gathering the dead wolves gently putting them in the den. One after another, they pushed them in and at the last; they rolled a large stone in front of the hole sealing it. The grim work done they rested while Danielle made friends with her new charge. By this time, the pup as it turned out is a little girl sat on Danielle’s lap eating from the palm of her hand. Farwalker still sat next to them waiting for his share of the dried meat. When the meat was gone, she gently picked up the squirming pup hugging it close to her chest all the while it licked her face and wagged its tail.
“You seem to have a gift human from another world that few have.” They looked in astonishment at the beautiful wood nymph suddenly emerging from the fir tree. She is normal human height with a slight greenish tint to her naked skin wearing a thin gossamer silk like covering that flowed around her like water as she moved. Her long blond hair reached her buttocks framing out her magnificent body enthralling even the girls with her beauty.
“What gift do you mean?” Danielle asked in an awed tone.
“A gift, much like the gift your female friend has with her wolf. I have been sheltering this pack for a very long time and it pains me to see it wantonly destroyed for no other reason than to cause death. This little one is all that I could save from death hiding in my branches while the others bravely fought the evil visited on them. I would help you if you wish to find this gift within you so you may bond with this child of the forest. If you accept this gift, you and she will share each other’s feelings, you will know her happiness and she will know yours. You will also know the other’s deaths and when one of you dies, the bond is broken forever and the other will live on as the other half but while each of you live, you are whole. One last thing you must know, she will have a longer than normal life for creature such as her in a large part owing to the bond with you. Do you wish to have this bond?”
“Yes," Danielle answered without hesitation holding the pup close to her chest.
Walking gracefully on bare feet her body moving with the ease and gentleness of a butterfly the wood nymph moved closer to them. Unmoving, reluctant to shatter the moment they watched the tableau unfold before them as if they were a part of something special that they may never experience again in their lifetime. Placing one hand on Danielle’s head and the other on the pups head the wood nymph began to glow slightly at first, as the moments passed the glow brightened to a bright-green color emanating from her. Slowly the green glow engulfed them and as the moments passed, nothing happened then suddenly Danielle was smiling with tears in her eyes while the happy pup is licking her all over the face.
The nymph stepped back from them with a smile on her face. “My name is Arethusa fare well both of you,” she said disappearing into the tree.
In the shocked silence that followed, no one moved until Danielle set the squirming pup down on the ground. She ran and jumped around the clearing in a newfound freedom and security that she thought she had lost. She gained a new den mother to care for her and love her and she could feel her love for her as never before. Likewise, Danielle could feel her emotions and wanted to run with her but her dignity prevailed instead she laughed and smiled at her antics. Soon Farwalker could not restrain himself any longer. He chased her and nipped at her legs to make her run faster, making those present smile at the sight.
  “It is a fine thing tae see lassies but we must be aboot,” Hobnobby hesitantly interrupting them bringing them back to the certainty of the danger they face.
Returning to the trail, they headed southwest listening to the birds squabble over winter nesting rights, thinking about what their futures might hold. Hobnobby did not seem to worry much he knew with certainty, that war is coming and men, elves and dwarfs alike would die. Celedryl wondered what it would be like to settle with Ethan, and he was likewise thinking about Celedryl realizing unquestionably, he was falling in love with her.  In a world alone, Danielle is thinking about her newfound gift and her love for this pup obediently walking right next to her. It seemed they made a fine group to be traveling together and with the confidence they shared in each other they would eventually prevail over the trials they faced. 
“You ok Danielle?” Ethan asked concernedly.
“Oh Ethan I am wonderful, I cannot explain exactly what happened, but is as if she released my ability to imagine things and bring them to fruition. She opened up a completely new world of imagination to me, I feel as if I could do other things but I do not know where to start.”
“I am sure as the time passes you will determine the best use of your gift. It seems this world has many gifts to offer along with the many dangers it holds,” he concluded wistfully. Danielle new in her heart what he was thinking about and is glad he is starting to come to terms with his growing love for Celedryl.
“After all that has occurred in such a short time I feel guilty about not mourning the loss of my brother. I am hesitant to do so because I am not so sure that he is dead. I know reason tells me that he burned up in atmospheric reentry but my heart tells me he somehow survived and is safe. Does that sound silly to you?”
“To my analytical mind it does sound silly, but I have ignored that since we got here and let hope rule my mind instead. Danielle we must have faith he survives and that we will eventually find him. Shoot for all we know he has found himself a rich princess living in a castle and sleeping in her warm bed every night,” he laughed jovially. Danielle smiled at his attempt at making her laugh.
They spent the rest on uneventful afternoon making their way around the mountain. The trees began to thin out and the ground turned rocky with small boulders and some sparse grass. By early evening, they reached a pass leading between two mountains on either side that would eventually take them out of the mountains. From there they would reach the rolling hills that lay to the south of the mountains. Celedryl knew the way well because she used to travel to the trading post with her father on trading missions. They found a place on the lee side of the mountain that helped keep the slight wind off them; the rain had stopped hours ago making it an enjoyable evening. Celedryl was secretly hoping more of the winter rain that she knew was coming would hold off at least until they were out of the mountains.

~~~~

The shade had walked out of the alley the same way Ken had walked in and to any passerby it would have looked like any another person walking along after a long night carousing at the local establishments. It would not be until later in the day, when more people were about that they would discover the body an old man. The shade knew this so it decided to go to where the human lived and acquire the means it would need to move about this world. Through Ken’s spirit it learned enough about this world that it knew it would have to keep changing bodies its much preferred normal body would simply not work. Inexorably coming up in all its glory the sun flashed gigantic beams of sun-light between the tall buildings striking the streets below in an attack of dazzling light. The shade oblivious of all of this beauty in a city of glass and steel nonchalantly walked down the sidewalk toward Ken's home.
It knew instinctively what to do when arrived at the front door of the two-story house. Houses line both sides of the street and on either side of Kens home most are two and three-story wood frame and stucco homes all in various colors. None of that meant a thing to the shade its only concern is to assimilate the old human woman, gain her knowledge and ability to have enough money to get it started. The shade knew it would have to be very careful how it moved up the social food chain to get close to the president. It knew instinctively what to do when it got to the front door of the two-story house, placing its hand over the hand recognition panel to the right of the door it walked right in.
The door opened to a foyer leading to a staircase directly in front and two open doorways right across from each other on either side. The doorway to the right led to a large living room with a fireplace on the outside wall, and the usual couches and comfortable chairs arrange around the room to face the vid-screen. The doorway to the left led to the dining room with a table and chairs enough for six people and to the right of that a doorway leading to the kitchen proper. The shade knew the old human would be cooking breakfast for herself and her wayward son whom she loved dearly. It got great pleasure in the fact Ken’s spirit had loved his mother and was saddened he had not told her enough. The shade would be more pleased when the old woman saw and felt her son take her life in the most horrible way imaginable. At the last, she would know that this creature was not her son but it would be too late for her to stop it, not that she could anyway.
Slowly walking into the kitchen the shade was not surprised that the old human had turned at the sound of the front door opening and closing. Like most mornings, she waited with a smile on her face greeting her wayward son. It did not return her smile but kept moving slowly toward her at an even pace across the kitchen. A look of parental concern flashed across her face when the shade did not respond to her smile and say anything in greeting.
“Ken what is wrong did something happen last night to upset you?” she asked in a concerned tone.
The shade did not answer her, it could have, and it did not feel the need to converse with an almost useless human about to die gruesomely at its hands. As it moved closer to her, some innate sense of warning took hold of her and her expression turned to one of fear. Backed up to the kitchen sink frozen in fear with no place to run she could not understand what was about to happen to her. Slowly changing form its bones shifting and moving, its mouth changing to dripping fangs, she realized that something terribly evil had come to take her life. Quickly the shade is on her with its left hand gripping her throat and the talons of the right hand turned extended behind it. Striking relentlessly with blinding speed the shades talons racked across her body drawing deep gashes in her soft flesh. Instantly, blood and gore began flying around the kitchen splattering against the floors walls and ceiling. 
It relished in the carnage it caused to her body as it continued to rake her with its talons. The shade truly wished it could listen to her screams of pain and fear but it kept its hand tightly around her throat preventing her from screaming and alerting the neighbors.  Suddenly, with pure enjoyment, it sank its talons deep into her soft stomach and it relished the exquisite pain it saw on her face. A deep slow-moving darkness came from the shade and slowly moved down its arms to engulf the poor woman then it slowly receded as it had with her son leaving an empty bloody shell of a human being.
Releasing the body the shade let it slip to the floor a bloody mess. Again, the shade changed, its bones broke and shifted under the grotesque skin that morphed into human skin, its entire body rippled and moved as bones and organs realigned themselves until the change was complete. Covered in the old woman's blood and wearing Ken’s clothes that no longer fit its new shape it ripped the shreds from its body flinging them to the floor. It knew what it needed to do and do it quickly before authorities discovered Ken’s body and came here to inform his mother of his death. 
Turning quickly it nearly flew from the kitchen and up the stairs far faster than any human ever could. Finding the bathroom it went into the shower cleaning itself of the blood that covered it knowing it would not look right for it to be out in public in the condition it is in now. When it finished drying itself with a dry towel, it found hanging in the bathroom, it went to the bedroom and it instinctively knew what to wear. Pulling dresser drawers open it put on undergarments then a simple dress and shoes it found in the closet. Standing before a full-length mirror it detested what it saw in the image. Walking to the vanity the shade grabbed the purse sitting on top knowing that what it needed would be there until it could find a more suitable affluent person to assimilate.  When the creature left the house, the front door automatically locked keeping anyone out not recognized to have access including the police giving the creature time to assimilate another human. Walking quickly down the sidewalk, it headed to a more prosperous part of town.

~~~~

Detective Garrett walked away from the scene letting the crime-scene technicians' work their magic thankfully; he did not have to deal with it. He is not a huge man but he liked to think that he kept himself in good condition. Walking along the sidewalk, his blue eyes scanned the morning passerby’s for any threats. When he first came out of college, he learned the hard way about paying proper attention to his surroundings. The police academy drilled into his head that most police officer deaths came from lack of attentiveness to their surroundings. 
On a fate filled night when he was still a detective trainee he was spending some of his off-duty time in a small local nightclub frequented by off duty law enforcement as a place they can go to relax. It has a local civilian crowd that frequents the establishment for the peace and quiet not normally found in a normal nightclub. Beside all of those benefits many beautiful women come there to spend the evening with lonely policeman so if they happen to want to go home with them they can feel safe doing it.
On one of those quiet nights at the club, one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen in his young life was talking to him, not that he could not get beautiful women to talk to him this one was special. He was not sure what made her special maybe it is her eyes as azure as the sky on a cold winter day sparkling in the light that mesmerized him, intoxicated him would be more like it. Staring deeply into her eyes not even hearing what she was saying to him, he failed to see three tuffs walk in the side door. They looked to be from the lower end in the warehouse district and they were out for trouble.
The nightclub is not a huge affair but it boasted one of the finest mahogany long bars in the city maybe in the whole state of New York. He was sitting at the bar with this beautiful woman his back to the side and front doors. If he had been more thoughtful, he would have invited the young woman to a table that positioned him in such a way he could see both the front door and the side door with his back safely to the wall. On this night sitting next to a beautiful woman with alluring eyes that inexorably held his attention, he would learn a lesson he would carry with him to his grave. Even the bartender tried to get his attention but all he could see was those beautiful eyes before him.
Finally, the shouting of the bartender broke through and he turned toward her slightly irritated when one of the tuffs pulled a shotgun from under his cloak and shot him in the back. The blast from the gun was deafening as it slammed him face forward on the bar. The shotgun a weapon left over from the twenty-first century still did what the manufacturer designed it for all those many years ago, maximum destruction in a small package. The newly designed tactical vest saved his life from the blast and protected him from the brutal beating that followed mercifully losing consciousness. They robbed nightclub of cash and bottles of booze but before they left, they raped and killed the bartender with a blast from the shotgun to the back of her head. The few local patrons that had been in the nightclub ran out at the first sign of trouble.
Three weeks passed before he awoke from a sleep induced healing that he found out what happened to him. He had been brutally beaten, shot with a shotgun, survived and the physicians were not sure why and all they could say is it is a miracle that he lived.  He had been near death without much hope when he woke from his sleep induced healing completely healed and out of danger. He was still weak and needed to rest but he would take what he got at least he was alive.
He gave his report containing very little information except a full description of the beautiful girl that no one knew who she was, where she came from or where she went. His description matched the descriptions of thousands of beautiful woman that live in the city. He did not even have a name to put in his report, but the odd thing was the wineglass she had been holding did not have any clean fingerprints. The surveillance system outside the club showed the three thugs exiting with what could have been the woman but it could not be determined because the person was wearing a large full-length jacket and hood concealing their identity.
Law-enforcement investigative teams thought that she might be a victim but when they later found the three thugs lying dead in a nearby alley with their throats viciously cut and no trace of the girl the conclusion was she might have been involved somehow. When the autopsy came back on the three thugs it showed, large talons from an animal of some kind slashed the throats of its victims, not a jagged knife blade as first thought. The more he thought about it he knew the girl was somehow involved, she was the distraction and the look-out. The girl had set him up, the thugs that shot him were the means to kill him but the gnawing question is why? Why did she want him dead? He never could figure that one out but one thing he is sure of, he will never forget those eyes and he looks for them every waking minute of his life.
Walking to his car parked at the curb, he stopped for a moment to admire it thinking about how much he loved this car. One of the newly designed all gasoline engine cars that burned the new clean burning fuel it did not expel any carbon monoxide like the old gas burning engines. The new technology came from all the oil research the oil companies conducted after the war when people in government finally understood that the electric companies could not produce near the amount of electricity to supply the growing need for transportation especially during any kind of emergency. After the war the grid was in a shambles, electricity out everywhere so President Lee using emergency powers lifted the total ban on gas burning engines, opened up more oil drilling, coal mining and started refurbishing the oil refineries that had been in neglect. The few remaining car manufacturers from the twenty-first century began manufacturing all gas-burning automobiles instead of the all-electric versions. The Tristar made by a new company called Future Transportation Incorporated boasted having a five hundred-horse power V6 engine that gets a hundred miles to the gallon of gas city driving. Regular production cars normally get closer to one hundred and fifty to the gallon.
Placing his right thumb on the door near the handle, he could hear the locking mechanism release so he opened the door and got in. The interior is more than comfortable with fine leather seats, a climate control system kept the vehicle at a set temperature without the engine running.  The system uses the newly designed nuke-batteries developed by Extrapolated Nuclear Byproducts Corporation. The company designed the new batteries to use nuclear by-products to power them safely contained for running the cars heating and air-condition system. Teams of nuclear physicists at ENBC are working on larger versions that soon might run cars, and power homes and offices.
Garrett placed his hand on the holographic recognition pad that controlled the car lighting the dash and the holographic heads-up display appeared on the windshield. Quickly moving his fingers, he started the car listening to it growl to life. He loved the sound of that, hating the sound of the all-electric cars with their toy car sound. The holographic heads-up display showed a number of things to include direction, communication, temperature both inside and out and ground emitting radar. That feature is for law-enforcement use only with a growing underground of people installing versions in their cars.  The aerodynamic design of the body with its sleek lines set it apart from other cars making it faster and more maneuverable. Adding to its mystique the exterior of the car is a deep black and the interior is a rich burgundy color. The car body and glass is lightly armored and resting on the newly designed bulletproof tires that last up to four times longer than the older version tires.
Garrett pulled away from the curb heading to the victim's home where his mother lived. He dreaded this part of the job more than anything else. The farther he drove the neighborhood houses lost more of their affluence but not yet seedy.  He found the address he was looking for and parked across the street at the curb. Sitting for a moment, he watched people starting to move about some off to work and others to who knows where. Anyone of these older women walking down the sidewalk could be Ken's mother he thought thinking she might not even be home. He quickly splashed a picture of Ken's mother on the HHUD glancing up and down the street to see if any of them might be her. Not seeing anyone that even remotely looked like her, he decided he had wasted enough time so he might as well get this reprehensible task over with before she learns about it from the local news media. Waiting for the cars to pass, he opened the door of his car exiting quickly scanning the area around him including windows and rooftops for any sign of movement before crossing the street.
Reaching the front door, he rang the bell waiting a moment before ringing it again but still no one seemed home. Turning back toward the street, he looked up and down the sidewalk for a moment. No one was paying him any mind so went down the steps to the sidewalk then around the left side of the house toward the back. Peering into the first window he came to, he could see the dining room with no sign of life. The next window he came to was the kitchen window. Cupping his hands up against the glass, he peered inside. The shock of what he saw staggered him backward away from the window. Suddenly, he turned away retching until he thought he was going to eviscerate his bowels. Staggering from between the houses he sat on the front steps catching his breath trying not to hurl is sore insides. What could have happened in there?
Finally, feeling somewhat better he staggered to his feet hurrying as fast as he could across the street to his car. Once inside he took a drink from a bottle of water, spitting it out on the street. This time he took a long drink sitting back in his seat closing the car door. He placed his hand on the holographic pad and as before, the dash and HHUD coming quickly to life. He quickly sent the codes for emergency at his location requesting crime scene and the special operations unit. They could bust the door down and go in first and they did not need a search warrant in this case. Then he palmed a call to Detective Maiko for the second time this morning.
Stepping out of the shower, Maiko combed her long hair and put on her favorite silk panties and bra when the communication notification system began that irritating pinging sound again for the second time this morning. Shaking her head in disgust, she left the bathroom stepping into her office across the hall. Standing beside her desk, she placed her hand over the hand recondition system so she could answer the call. Instantly the Stellargraphic image of Garrett appeared sitting in his car with his head resting against the headrest and his face very pale. Standing in her bra and panties did not elicit the desired reaction from him that she had hoped it would have had her instantly worried. She loved to tease him and live on the edge at the same time by taking a chance and answering a call scantily dressed even though it could get her into trouble. His lack of response to her near nakedness and his very uncharacteristic mannerisms concerned her.
“Garrett what is wrong?” she asked in a worried tone.
“Sorry to bother you Maiko,” he apologized in a subdued tone. For the first time he used her first name was not lost on her, something was terribly wrong.
“Mr. Payne’s mother has been murdered just like her son except Mrs. Payne was butchered as if she was put through a meat shredder of some kind with blood and pieces of her all over the kitchen. I called in the crime-scene team and the special ops to bust in the front door. I have not been inside yet but from what I saw when I looked in from the kitchen window it is the worst I have ever seen in a murder crime scene. I think you need to get here as quickly as you can detective. I will send the address to where I am to your car.” I guess saying her first name once in the conversation was a small victory she thought.
“Garrett stay put I don’t want you going in there until I get there understood?” Not waiting for a reply, she clicked off the call hurrying from the room to get dressed.
Quickly slipping on tightly fitting black leather pants designed to show off her body and provide flexibility at the same time, a partially see through black silk button down the front shirt and black high-heeled shoes she raced from her apartment slamming the front door behind her. Making her way to the stairs leading to the first floor parking garage she nearly flew down them sprinting across the garage to her car. Jumping into her car identical to Garrett's car except it is white with black interior the V6 engine suddenly roared to life. Not wasting a second, she hit the accelerator roaring from the garage.  Once into the street, she hit her sirens and lights hitting speeds of sixty miles per hour in seconds fast enough that it threw her head back into the headrest.
She loved this car, the way it handles, the amazing acceleration capabilities, speeding through the streets screeching tires on tight turns, and gunning through traffic control lights sirens blaring. Cars were pulling over in barely enough time to get out of her way all the while people were jumping back on the sidewalks or stopping and gawking when she flew by them. Exhilarated by the way the car handled she hit the top of a hill bumping close to seventy with all four tires quickly leaving the ground crashing down on the other side sparks flying when the car bottomed out on the road.  Reaching the bottom, she quickly hit her brakes simultaneously turning her stirring wheel and hitting the accelerator spinning, the cars rear-end to make a hard right turn. Quickly accelerating down the street hitting seventy again with sirens and lights still flashing she came to a screeching halt behind Garrett. Seeing him standing next to his car with his color back to normal she quickly turned off the car exiting with all the sinuous grace of a feline.
“I see you are looking a little better.”
“And I see you are still making a grand entrance,” he laughed.
“I have to admit it sure was fun. Ok tell me what you know.”
“Spec Ops is inside clearing the house and crime scene is on the way.” “Maiko,” he paused and looked her square in the eyes before continuing. “I have never seen anything like it, very similar to the murder of Mr. Payne, but this time the victim was tortured and killed for the pleasure of it.” Twice now he used her name today, he is definitely shook up.
“All right they have had enough time to clear the house let's go inside.”
Crossing the street, they headed to the front door where a heavily armed Special Operations team member dressed in a green battle dress uniform with heavy Kevflex armor across his wide chest and back quickly challenged them. An imposing figure with the same armor covering his thighs and arms a helmet strapped to his head and he heavy automatic battle rifle with a protruding fifty round magazine and sidearm at his waste made him look very dangerous if crossed. Taking her badge out of her back pocket Maiko showed it to him so he would step aside and let them pass. Once in the house, Garrett took the lead steeling himself for what he was about to see. Walking down the short hall past more Spec Ops members, he turned into the dining room, quickly making his way to the kitchen.
He turned quickly hearing Maiko gagging behind him leaning on the doorframe trying not to throw up her face very pale.  Returning his attention to the ghastly scene before him, he nearly threw up smelling the stench of blood and intestinal odor emanating from the victims ripped out stomach and lower abdomen. Taking his eyes of the body he picked out the important things mingling with the carnage around him, no sign of a struggle, no broken dishes or overturned kitchenette table and chairs. Lying a few feet away from the body flung haphazardly on the floor is a set of shredded and bloody men’s clothes. Aside from the ghastly wounds, the corpse clearly looked the same as Ken's, and that got him thinking. Taking Maiko by the arm, they headed back the way they came.
Passing more Spec Ops personnel on the stairs they crowded passed them on the way up to the second floor. They need to clear the house before they destroy any evidence he thought reaching the second floor landing. He knew the blood on the floor would lead to the bathroom because with the amount of blood in the kitchen whoever did this would need to shower it off. When they walked in the bathroom, Maiko was still visibly shaken but in more control of her stomach. Sure enough, blood is everywhere in the bathroom and he knew without checking to whom it belonged.
Going across the hall to the bedroom with Maiko still in tow still trying desperately not to throw up her empty stomach, he saw several things that stood out. Taking in the room in for a moment, he noticed the floor was still wet from the shower, closet doors were open with hangers on the floor, dresser drawers wide open and bras and panties were on the floor with a mix shoes. 
“Maiko let's go talk outside. I don’t know about you but I have seen enough,” Garrett grimaced both hastily leaving the room heading quickly downstairs.  When they got back to the cars, they climbed in Maiko’s car both relieved to be away from the crime scene.
“Garrett, are you thinking the same thing I am?”
“If you are thinking we are not dealing with a normal murderer yes, if you are thinking along the lines of the supernatural yes again, and if you are thinking each time it kills it takes the appearance of the victim then absolutely yes!”
“Ok so we are thinking same the one thing we know is that it is not human and is extremely dangerous. Right now, it should look like Mrs. Payne unless it has already killed again. I am going to tap into the street surveillance system and find the data from our location for the last three hours,” she said placing her hand on the holographic pad to activate the HHUD and in seconds' images flashed across it.
“Stop there it is,” Garrett shouted. Maiko stopped staring at the HHUD then restarted the images slowly this time. They watched as the shade went into the house playing the images until what appeared to be Ken’s mother leaving her house and up the sidewalk.
“What is that thing? How does it transform like this?” Maiko whispered half to herself. “I am sending everything we have to the Captain,” she said in a louder tone. Her fingers moved quickly across holographic pad changing menus and commands.
“Send a query to the computer to scan all the local camera feeds with Mrs. Payne’s image and send us the feed of her exact track. We might be able to piece together where that thing went.”
“Already on it but it will take a few moments before we will get what we need.”
“That thing already has a sizable lead on us. I wish we knew what we are dealing with and what it is doing in our city,” Garrett yelled in frustration.
“Easy Garrett we will figure this out we always do.”
“Ok here comes the feed, let’s see where it goes.” They watched it get on a trolley and head downtown. The next feed showed it getting off the trolley at the corner of Washington Street and Franklin Avenue. It proceeded down the sidewalk to the Franklin Avenue Mall and went inside.
Quickly starting her car the engine roaring to life Maiko quickly sped out into traffic with lights and siren blaring. Gaining speed rapidly they were soon cutting through traffic, dodging pedestrians, making fast turns, screeching tires, cresting a hill going air born to come to a tire screeching halt in front of the mall entrance. Exiting the car, they ran to the main entrance pushing through the main doors stopping abruptly with shocked expressions on their faces seeing people of all ages walking through the mall. Everywhere they looked, a crowd of morning shoppers walked the mall looking for good deals, young women with their children tagging along next to them, elderly couples walking for exercise, and teenagers laughing and flirting their way up and down the mall. The search for one elderly woman in the confines of the mall would be a daunting task. 
“This thing could have already killed and be on its way. How are we supposed to find the damn thing Maiko it could be anywhere? It has the lead on us because we have to wait for it to kill again and we only learn of it when we find the body. These are conditions and terms I don’t particular care for,” Garrett concluded in a frustrated tone.
“I agree Garrett those are terms I can’t live with either. Let’s go to the security station and see if they will give us access to the mall surveillance system. This could take longer than we have the time to spare if we need to get a search warrant. Can you see us trying to convince a judge that an elderly woman out at the mall is in fact a supernatural serial killer?
“I could see where that might be a problem, think about it the judge will think we are both nuts and put us away then it becomes somebody else’s problem.” Maiko gave him a sideways look not sure, if he is kidding.
Down through the center of the mall people were sitting in comfortable chairs reading and talking among themselves. The morning sunlight shone through the glass roof sending slanting beams of light through the air toward the floor striking the shoppers walking through them stirring up the dust motes floating in the light. The day looked like it would turn out to be a beautiful day no snow on the horizon but neither of them had the luxury to stop and enjoy it. Walking through the morning crowds, they kept a cautious eye out for the creature hoping that it had not already killed again. Their number one fear is it has killed again and at this moment could be anywhere. Flying out of nowhere a large group of kids ran laughing and chasing each other through the mall startling them from their individual reflections. 
Finally reaching the security center, they walked up to the surveillance system at the door producing their badges so the security officer would allow them entry. Once inside Maiko introduced them, “Hi, I am Detective Maiko and my partner Detective Garrett."
“Hi, I am Hreidmar,” he said getting out of his chair. He is all of six foot four inches with close-cropped blond hair and trimmed beard. His deep-blue eyes held the same genuine smile as the one on his face while offering to shake Maiko’s hand. Taking his beefy hand in hers, Maiko is impressed at his size and gentleness as he shook her hand firmly.
“A pleasure to meet you Hreidmar,” she said shaking his hand.
“Hreidmar is not a very common name, what kind of name is it?” Garrett asked while grasping his big beefy hand firmly in his.
“It means dwarf king,” he replied reluctantly as if he has had to answer the same question all his life.
“Ok I will bite. How did you get a name that means dwarf king?” she asked with a small laugh. Here is a person who towers over her and Garrett, given a name that means dwarf king there has to be some humor there somewhere she thought.
“Long before my time a cruel, cruel joke was played on my ancestor and me," he said in mock sadness and shame before continuing. “Around 985 AD one of my Norse forebears had a little too much ale celebrating the birth of his first born son the name Hreidmar came up. It became the joke of the night. Well, after more drinking and his friends not helping matters egging him on, he named his son Hreidmar the Dwarf King. As it, turns out my dear dad ran the family tree on his side and my mother’s side. What he found out is both he and my mother were of Norse heritage. Not only did he find that out he discovered the little-known fact about my poor ancestor named Hreidmar and how he got his name. Well, my father in his infinite wisdom thought it would be a grand joke to name me Hreidmar. My mother thought it a cute name for a little babe in her arms so she agreed. Do I look like a babe in my mother’s arms now?” he asked with a feigned shamed look on his face. Maiko could not stop herself from laughing at not only the story but also the way he embellished it.
Garrett had to clear his throat more than once to get their attention. “Hreidmar we need your help. We are trying to find and elderly women somewhere in this mall. Do you think you can help us?” Garrett asked politely.
“We would only need the first couple hours from the main entrance where she was last seen entering the mall,” Maiko added with a genuine smile. For some reason she liked this enormous man, with a kind smile and wonderful eyes that held her rapt attention.
Hreidmar hesitated before speaking, “If I do this it remains in this room right?” Both shook their heads agreeing to his terms.
Sitting back in his chair Hreidmar placed his hand on the hand recondition system and the vertical glass in front of him quickly filled with holographic images of menus and communications. His hand moved with amazing speed and dexterity for such a big man and within moments, the surveillance data appeared. Setting the system to replay it quickly, they watched the images intently.
“Stop there she is,” Garrett yelled startling them.
“Great job Hreidmar, can we see where she goes from there?” Maiko asked.
“Sure we will keep it going a little fast and I can set it to follow her movements as if she is a shoplifter.” His hand moved and the images began moving again.
The shade kept walking tirelessly back and forth through the mall looking for someone very discriminatingly obviously to the detectives looking for the right person to kill, both detectives knew exactly what it is looking for. Occasionally, it would stop and look as if deciding on the victim, decide against them and keep moving. They noticed they were approaching real time very quickly. When they were down to minutes, the shade followed a young woman into the public restroom.
“That happened a couple moments ago,” Garrett, exclaimed.
“Hreidmar where is that restroom?” Maiko hurriedly asked.
“Out the door to the left a little way down the mall on the left side, you will see a large sign on the wall that says public restroom.”
“Hreidmar call for armed backup and emergency services, let’s go Garrett we need to move,” she ordered heading for the door.
“Wait I will come with you and help.”
“No Hreidmar stay here and wait for backup it is too dangerous,” Maiko commanded as Garrett and her ran out.
Hreidmar called for backup, then ran after them slamming the door closed behind him ignoring her orders to remain behind safe in his little command center. Running as fast as he could he arrived at the woman’s restroom door in time to her gunshots coming from inside. Heedless of the danger he pushed his way inside. What he saw chilled him to the bones. In front of the detectives is a creature right out of the old horror movies come to life. The creature resembled a human in form only with its two legs, two arms and a head. All resemblance to a human being ended there with its hairless black leathery skin, hands and feet ending in talons and a mouth full of razor-sharp teeth.
In its left hand, it held a young woman off the ground by her neck with its talons buried deeply in her neck. Blood from the victim's neck flowed down the top of its hand dripping on the floor quickly forming a puddle. The two detectives were shooting the creature with their handguns loaded with the new exploding bullets that once they enter a body they flew apart and became separate razor edged pieces of lead and steel. The attack on the creature seemed ineffectual enraging it making it more dangerous if even possible considering that it is about to kill this young woman and maybe all of them in the process. Suddenly, it squeezed its left hand and the head of the girl popped off her body falling to the floor making a sickening sound when it hit. When the creature let the body go, it crumpled to the floor in a bloody heap next the girls head. It turned toward them and screamed an ear-shattering scream of rage.
Faster than any would ever think possible it attacked Garrett backhanding him across the side of the face sending him flying across the room and into the far wall knocking him unconscious. Some inner warning galvanized Hreidmar into action. Lunging forward in front of Maiko he pushed her with his right hand sending her sprawling to the floor only to take the killing blow meant for her. Razor-sharp talons raked him from the right shoulder across his chest to his lower left side sending blood and flesh flying in a stream of red. The creature screamed in rage tearing through the restroom door ripping it from its hinges and out into the mall. As it escaped, it indiscriminately killed anyone adults and children alike unlucky enough to be in its path leaving a swath of death and carnage behind it.
Hreidmar lay on his back staring up at the ceiling thinking he was going to die at any moment. He thought about his life thus far and was saddened that he had not married had a couple kids and done things a little different. It seemed he is going to die a lonely death on the floor of a public restroom. Quickly coming to her feet Maiko saw him lying there on the floor in a pool of his own blood, feeling outright fear for him, her heart suddenly caught in her throat making it hard to breathe. Kneeling in the blood next to him, she gently put his head on her thighs. Seeing the blood leaking from horrendous wounds on his chest and side she knew he would not make it if help did not arrive soon. When she looked into his eyes, she saw satisfaction there and a half smile on his lips. Tears brimming in her eyes Maiko gently ran her fingers through his blond hair on his head with the other hand she caressed his cheek.
“Don’t be sad for me Maiko I finally meet the most beautiful girl ever and I blow my chance of a date. It is not the first time I have done that, it is quite normal for me. You know I was trying to find the courage to ask you if you would like to go have dinner and this happens." He paused as pain gripped him for a moment, then with a smile on his face he continued, “Well, being here with you is better than a date anyhow here I am with my head on your lap looking at your beautiful face knowing I was here at the right time to save you from that creature.” Tears were flowing freely from her eyes trying not to cry. Reaching up with his big hand he gently touched her cheek wiping her tears before succumbing to the pain filled blackness gripping the edges of his mind.
“Don’t you die on me you damn dwarf!” Maiko cried kissing him on the forehead.

~~~~

The shade ran through the mall enraged and berserk killing anything that got in its way. It knew its masters would not approve its handling of this but it did not care. All it wanted is to escape to the darkness where it is more powerful and could survive in secret. It burst through a door that said maintenance running down the long hall before it to another door at the end. Jerking the door open, it found itself in a semi dark room filled with climate control equipment with pipes running across the ceiling. It luxuriated in the shadows it found blending completely into them. Walking around the equipment it frantically searched for another exit. It needed to go below the city in the sewers away from those confounded surveillance systems.
Suddenly, it saw what it needed there on the floor in front of it is a steel grate that it hoped would lead to the sewers. Lifting the grate, it climbed down the ladder lowering the grate behind it. The creature found itself in near complete darkness relishing the power it received. The all-encompassing darkness calmed its rage allowing it to think about what to do next. Wounded from the guns the detectives used on it, the shade needed to find a place of safety and heal its wounds.
Chapter 5

The morning came quickly with a cool breeze blowing in from the northwest and the scent of frying bacon. Neither of them wanted to move from their blankets but a new day was dawning and the promise of further surprises, their first being the smell of bacon frying. Sitting up they saw Cormyr leaning over the fire frying bacon in a pan with bread warming on a flat pan resting on hot rocks. Freeing themselves for their blankets, they ambled to the fire stretching and groaning something about the ground being too hard when they saw eggs cooking with the bacon, both wondering what else he had in that giant pack of his. Enjoying a quiet and delicious breakfast, they soon cleaned up the camp preparing to depart for the trading post.
“As I said last night your training starts now,” Cormyr said breaking the silence looking directly at Mitch.  You both wear those elfin toothpicks for swords and I am certain that Leadyl can use hers adequately enough so, the question is can you use yours. This morning before we leave we will learn the answer to that important question," Cormyr said unclasping his heavy mantle letting it fall to the ground revealing light chain mail over a sleeveless leather jerkin leather pants and black leather boots. The massive sword at his waist hanging from the wide leather baldric added to Leadyl’s uneasiness. Leading the way to the other side of the clearing, he smoothly drew his sword.
Mitch more than little miffed is determined to prove to Cormyr that he can more than adequately use the sword stepped forward drawing his sword. His sword sang when drew it from the scabbard standing in the classic ready position left leg slightly forward of the right sword tip at middle level pointing toward his opponent. Cormyr moving like a cat with the power of a charging bull caught Mitch completely off guard by his tremendous speed and power. Cormyr was on him instantly the huge broadsword cleaving the air from the right to the left meant to decapitate him in a single blow. Sidestepping the attack to Cormyr’s right Mitch swung his sword in a horizontal arc meant to cut Cormyr in two. Cormyr showed his speed by quickly spinning away from the attack so they were facing each other again.
Warily circling each other they suddenly moved with a flurry of attacks and blocks faster than the eye could follow sparks flying each time their blades met with a clash of steel. Mitch charged in with his blade low thinking to attack low then high with an upward slashing cut but Cormyr easily parried the attack with a backhand swing stopping short of taking Mitch’s head. Pausing momentarily to catch their breath and study each other Mitch knew he faced a far better swordsman who had a longer reach and greater speed than he did. That last attack should have ended his life. He had to try another tack to see if he could gain an advantage on his opponent.
Circling his opponent looking for an opening, Mitch imagined he was one with his sword. He could see the molecules of steel and iron in the sword making him stronger. The sharpness of the blade made his mind sharper, allowing his instincts to rule. The blade quivered in his hand with raw power. Quickly realizing that he is on the edge of power similar to his experience with Leadyl, he knew he would need to be careful. Until now, he had been using his normal abilities and the swords enchantment, this time it would be different.
Leadyl is too astonished to move watching their invisible blades move faster than she could follow with occasional sparks flying when they made contact. Time stood still as neither swordsman gave any quarter or inch of ground and for a time it looked as though they were fighting to a draw when suddenly, they froze in place with Mitch’s blade within a hairs breath of Cormyr’s neck in a killing blow. Withdrawing the sword Mitch stepped back sheathing it bowing respectfully to him. A moment later Cormyr did the same with a slight grin on his face the first they had seen until now, sweating profusely and very thirsty from their exertions they clasped wrists both grinning.
“Right past those trees is a small stream where we can cleanup.  I would hate for Leadyl to think we were unrefined louts because we smelled worse than orcs by the end of the day,” Cormyr surprised them again with a little humor in his personality that his demeanor until now suggested otherwise.
“I think you are right Cormyr. Lead the way and we shall return smelling like lilacs and honeysuckle that will surely please our lady traveling companion,” Mitch replied humorously making them laugh. Walking back to the camp, they grabbed a change of clothes, soap and dry towels from Cormyr’s backpack. Leadyl was not too happy about being the brunt of their mirth but she realized it would be best if they did cleanup. Laughing quietly, she wondering yet again, what else Cormyr had in that pack of his.
When they returned smelling like lilacs or some such flower, she wrinkled her nose in distaste bringing laughter and a smile to Mitch’s face. “What, you do not like flowery smelling men or would you have us stinking like sweaty sailors that have not bathed in months, not that I ever smelled like that mind you?” Walking up to him Leadyl hugged him breathing deep at the same time.
“You will do,” laughing Leadyl easily evaded him when he tried to hold onto her.
“If you two are done we need to move,” Cormyr admonished back to his previous self. “We have a long walk before us, and we are fast using up daylight.”
“Perhaps Cormyr you could answer some questions as we walk to Pine Hallow and explain to us how we are to survive the trials to come?” Leadyl asked in a placating tone.
“I am reluctant not to so we will speak of things as we walk. As you realized last evening, danger lurks from either the darkness or the spell itself that can easily overwhelm you. Most important you must always know how much power you are trying to control,” he said marching off without a backward look expecting them to follow. Quickly gathering their packs and weapons, they hurried after him.
“The essential thing you must remember is to stem your imagination, do not let it run away with you as you did last night,” he called back walking briskly up the trail.
“How do we do that?” Mitch asked.
“When you enchanted your sword tell me how it felt to do so.”
“I started by imagining what I wanted the sword to do and when I felt the power growing I fed it more detail down to the very core of the sword. I did reach a point that I thought I was going to fall into the sword itself and become one with it, as it is I know the sword is a part of me. When that happed, I released the power into the sword. I can understand why Leadyl and I could have been trapped if not for you.” 
Cormyr did not reply for a moment contemplating what he heard. Has this human from another realm the power to imbue himself with an object? It would be a great sacrifice if he can truly imbue himself with the sword, the sword would become a weapon that could kill the dark ones themselves not merely their minions. Could that be his ultimate destiny? Is that why we must keep him alive at all costs including our lives?
Seeing Cormyr in deep thought and fearing he might confirm her fears, Leadyl decided to change the subject. “Mitch, would you tell us in more detail how you got here?”
“We were sent to investigate a realm we had colonized because we lost contact with the explorers that had been sent there to map one of the worlds. Our battle group was attacked by sailing ships that destroyed our whole fleet except us.” She looked at him quizzically waiting for him to continue. "By us I mean my sister and her friend, well mine too I guess since I was beginning to get to know him escaped in one of our flying vessels through a threshold to circle your planet. You know the rest except that my sister and her friend escaped the ship in what we call escape pods to your world.”
“I did not know you had a sister here?”
“I have been thinking about her, worried that she was killed when the escape pods landed on your planet. We have a saying, when you escape in a pod you are running from certain death to uncertain death. What happens with the pods is when you land it is more like a controlled crash than a soft landing.” He knew what he was saying is a little confusing to her so he tried again using a different approach. “Let’s say that a ship at sea will return to port on a beautiful day, the wind is perfect and you sale into port with no incidents.  On the other hand, the seas are stormy and the captain knows he cannot come into port so to save his men he beaches the ship. The possibility that she is injured or worse is real and she is wandering the wilderness with no one to help her. The other thing is she does not know that I am alive.”
“I am sorry Mitch let’s hope we will soon find her,” Leadyl replied sincerely.
I have another question that has been nagging at me. How is it I can speak and understand your language?” Mitch questioned.
“I do not have an answer to that would you know Cormyr?” Leadyl asked.
Seeming to ponder the question Cormyr suddenly turned around facing them forcing them to stop quickly or run into each other. “Unfortunately, neither do I all I can say is it must have been the guardians of the light. When they brought you to this place, they may have imbued you with the ability to know our language, a good question that someone more learned than I might be able to answer.”
They walked all through the afternoon enjoying the beautiful sunny day. The blustery cool wind blowing from the northeast smelled of honeysuckle and pine wafting through the forest with pine needles flying before it like tiny spears. Gently sloping upward the trail meandered lazily through the forest in a steady northeast direction toward Pine Hallow Trading Post. With darkness approaching, they found a place to camp in an open space between some tall pines. 
Numerous pine needles blanketed the ground making for a soft and comfortable ground cover for sleeping although the pinesap from the numerous trees was quite evident on the ground making their ground blankets sticky with sap.  Deciding to make another cold camp for fear of starting a forest fire due to all of the pine needles and undergrowth Cormyr surprised them with dried fruits and meats he retrieved from that enormous backpack. This time, Leadyl laughed deciding she had to know what else is in that pack.
 After they had eaten, Leadyl and Mitch were lounging on their ground blankets staring at the stars through the trees and the beautiful hunter’s moon peeking through like a giant glowing orb. Cormyr had placed his blanket a little further away affording them a measure of privacy. Leadyl moved closer to Mitch laying her head on his shoulder and an arm across his chest squeezing him tightly.
“ Lea are you well?” Mitch asked, feeling her shudder.
“Yes I feel wonderful. I have never felt like this before and it is a little scary and wonderful at the same time. Mitch it is not by mischance we are together and I fear the thought of us being separated.”
“Who says that we are going to be separated Lea?” he asked, pulling her close.
“I do not know I cannot know what is in store for us but I have this foreboding inside me that tells me that it is so.”

~~~~

Malaric sat in the main room of the Traders Inn in the back corner with his back toward the wall. On the table in front of him sat a full mug of dwarf made beer. The three empty chairs across from him have been empty the past two nights. Watching the evening crowd with an intensity that did not show on his face, he proffered a casual smile with laughter in his eyes nodding and waving to his many acquaintances. While in his middle thirty’s with streaks of gray in his black hair, he is still as lithe as in his younger days.
A huge fireplace filled the room with a pig cooking next to huge pots of beef stew. The inn filled with traders and their close assistants occupying tables haphazardly placed around the room, a long bar at the rear lined with people made for a raucous and lively place. Dwarfs wearing their furs and leather with large axes tucked in their belts, northern clansmen dressed similar to the dwarfs with massive broadswords hanging from baldrics, and dark skin men and women wearing colorful loose fitting robes from the desert city of Khull from below the Southern Mountain Range filled the room. Finally, the end of the trading season has arrived with the traders spending some of their profits that by the end of the week most if not all will be heading back to their homes for the long winter.
Smoke filled the room as people began smoking tabac in their new elf made pipes made of the finest wood possible each graven with elfin symbols. The beer and mead flowed quite freely with large platters of beef and pork beginning to arrive at the tables. A comely serving maid brought him a large plate of pork with a bowl of beef stew on the side. The food at the inn is actually far better fare than he thought he would get in a frontier town. Eating his food, he carefully watched the crowd for any unwanted surprises especially the hooded man sitting in the far corner away from him. Something bothered him about this dark shrouded individual with their hood pulled close over their head keeping their face well hidden in shadow and that troubled him more than he let on, his continence remaining carefree and jovial. 
He hated a waiting game, it made him vulnerable sitting in one place exposed to his enemies if he is here, his enemies could be too. Where are those vagabond simpletons I hired? They had a simple job to do go up into the mountains and promise the Orcs the world if they would attack in full force this spring. All they had to do was offer them promises of sweet virgins to eat and come back here with news and I hand them a sack of gold. How hard can that be he fumed to himself? He should have known better than hiring wandering cutthroats to do the job he grumbled to himself.
Glancing over in the corner he looked for his mysterious friend getting a surprise that jolted him back to the grim reality that he is in extreme danger if his enemies found him in the vulnerable situation he is now. Quickly surveying the room, he suddenly realized the hooded man was nowhere in sight. Cursing himself for a fool he casually stood stretching his arms upward and yawning as if very tired, throwing a piece of silver on the table, he sauntered across the room to the stairs leading to the second floor. Mounting the stairs, he moved cautiously up with a hand on his dagger hidden under his cloak. Reaching the top of the second floor landing, he stayed low deep in the shadows as much as he could. He looked down the left hallway lit by oil lanterns with their flicking light making the shadows dance across the floors and walls but saw nothing to alert him to any danger hiding there. A quick look down the hall in front of him showed only more shadows. Edging slowly down the hall he quickly looked back over his shoulder so he could see the stairs leading to the third floor, nothing he thought but more flickering shadows.
Sweating profusely now in apprehension, his clothes felt waterlogged and sticky from not knowing where the attack is going to come from. His room is at the end of the hall on the left deep in the shadows where the lantern light did not quite reach. He stayed low and moved cautiously down the hall with his back toward the wall facing the doors to the rooms he passed. First door and nothing happened, and then the second door and still no attack came. Maybe I am over reacting he thought moving closer to the third door but still no attack came. He heard a creak in the wood like somebody stepped wrong on a loose board and spun back to his left his dagger in his hand.  Still nothing, he stood there with his heart in his throat and no sign of an attack.  He turned toward his room when suddenly a flash of steel came out of the darkness and he staggered back falling to his knees blood running down the front of his white shirt. His dagger falling from his fingers he reached up touching his neck with his hand that came away bloody. The last thought he had as he fell face forward onto the wood floor was that his masters would not be happy about his failure.
A hooded figure came out of the shadows wiping his dagger on the spy’s clothes before putting it in his belt. Searching the spy for anything that might be useful, he found a large bag of gold and a key hidden in his cloak, I am not stealing it he thought quickly pocketing the gold. Besides, I need to make this look like a robbery not spy business he reasoned walking to the dead spy's room patting the gold pouch. Quickly unlocking the door with the key he had found, he silently entered the room with his dagger in his hand ready for anything. As he surmised earlier, the spy was working alone as his room is unoccupied. Quickly searching the room, he found a change of clothes and a sword.
 Picking up the sword, he noticed the characteristic specially designed hilt with three steel rings extended forward from the crosspiece identifying it as a rapier. Sliding the blade from its scabbard, he knew instantly what he was holding in his hands but not why an agent of the dark had it in his possession. Gazing upon its beauty the thirty-nine inch long, one-inch wide blade sparkled in the moonlight streaming through the window. The blade is made of the finest steel mined in the iron mines of the Dwalur Mountain Range. He knew the design and the maker of the sword. To own a blade by the famous sword smith Delzarin of Riannon it would take nearly a king's ransom. The sword smith only made one every two years and only for the highest bidders. For the second time in mere moments, he wondered how this agent of the dark came by this beauty. The spy must have stolen the blade from a wealthy person or this spy has wealthy benefactors with an agenda.
He gazed at the sword blade in admiration before quickly sheathing it. Once he had the sword belt secured tightly around his waist hidden from prying eyes under his hooded cloak, he quickly left the dead man’s room returning downstairs none the wiser. Pausing briefly at the bottom of the stairs, he scanned the main room for any enemies. Seeing no one that seemed out of place or conspicuous, he ambled nonchalantly out the front door quickly blending with the shadows to the right of the door. He knew he could be as dead as the spy could if he is not very careful. From the shadows, he scanned the street for any movement. The street lanterns hanging from poles in their wrought-iron hangers cast a dim light on the street. They create more shadows than anything, a boon to him for he considered the shadows his friend, not something to fear, it is what might be lurking in the shadows that one should be cautious of.
The Traders Inn is in the upper-class section of the town of Qenildor named for the majestic Castle Qenildor located down the river to the south. The river splits the town down the middle creating a west side and an east side. The townspeople really did not differentiate between the two but most visitors do so. 
The streets in this area are cobbled and the buildings are made of mortared granite with sturdy wood roofs tiled with gray granite. Closer to the docks they tend to change to thatched roofs, granite walls for the places of business or all wood homes with the streets paved in crushed granite and packed dirt. The area closer to the docks is certainly less affluent than where he is now but in most cities and towns, the area near the docks would be considered middle to upper class part of the city. The warehouses were another matter most if not all were small fortresses in themselves with thick walls surrounding them with heavy iron gates at their entrances. The merchants and traders took very seriously the security of their goods.
Orin is not a big man who would wade into a melee swinging a broadsword but what he lacked in that area he made up for his stealth skills and his ability to see like an owl in the night. He is slightly above-average height at six feet tall with a medium build lithe and strong. Dark hair populated the top of his head in direct contrast to his hazel eyes. Hidden by his cloak, he had an olive complexion hailing from his mixed blood. He was born in the city of Qendar a seafaring town on the peninsular of Qendar. Originally, his father was a seafaring captain out of the city of Tordar.
His father was in port on a beautiful spring day when he saw his mother walking with her merchant father and was awestruck by her beauty. Her long brown hair hung passed her shoulders framing her soft face with its olive complexion, high cheekbones, and serene dark eyes with a hint of laughter in them. She wore a sleeveless full-length admiral blue spring gown made of light cotton velveteen with a bodice hinting at a firm bosom. He looked dashing wearing his new drop yoke white shirt with full sleeves, leather bracers, and black cape lined in a burgundy color over his shoulders. Around his waist, a gold ring belt supported a black leather scabbarded rapier. His black straight-legged pants that laced up the sides looked nice tucked into knee high black leather boots.
When he walked up, he bowed with a flourish facing her father then respectfully to her. Being the direct man that he is, he asked her father if he could call on his daughter with the pretext of asking for her hand in marriage. At the last part concerning marriage, he looked at her with a serious but heartwarming expression with as sincere a smile as he could manage, so she would know he meant it with all his heart for he was totally smitten by her. He knew he would sooner die than to live without her so to court her he sold his ship and took employment with her father as an assistant. Both were greatly impressed with his sacrifice because they knew how much ships captains loved the sea. As time passed, they realized that he was happy with his new life and did not have dreams of the sea with a ship under his feet. He had bought a modest house with the proceeds from the sale of his ship and settled down to win his loves heart. As time passed, he won his hearts love and they were married.
Still thinking about his mother and father and why they died, Orin watched the shadows across the street, seeing a flicker of movement between two buildings. Being patient is one of his virtues, so he waited knowing he was invisible if he remained perfectly still. Whoever was hiding across the street had made a fatal error. Someone moved cautiously out of the shadows furtively crossing the street toward him, Orin would wait until they got closer before he confronted them. Quickly appraising the hooded person, he watched their movements, learning their abilities with every step closer to him.  The person although shorter than he is walking in the manner of a trained fighter, light on their feet ready for anything sent warning signals racing through him that this person is quite dangerous. Something familiar nagged at him about the way they moved gracefully across the street, he felt he knew this person adding to the dangerous situation for if he knew them chances are they knew he was here and they were sent with the express purpose to kill him.
Watching the person draw nearer to him, he readied himself to spring from the shadows like a coiled spring. At the right moment when his adversary was passing his hiding spot, he leaped from the shadows with his dagger clasping his left hand over their mouth placing the tip of the dagger at their throat with the pretext of learning the identity of who was stalking him. His surprise attack and advantage he thought he had instantly melted when two strong hands grabbed the dagger wielding hand and wrist. Painfully they twisted his wrist and hand forcing the dagger down and away followed by a strong kekomi side trust kick to the his midsection sending him sprawling on his back his dagger bouncing onto the street. Quickly regaining his feet with another dagger in his fist that he kept in readiness under his cloak, he watched his opponent gracefully bend retrieving his dagger. Realization struck him like a hammer; he knew his adversary. Far longer than a year since the last time they had met, he would know that body and his opponents moves anywhere even across a crowded market in Riannon.
“Are you always this careless Orin?” the silky voice asked coming from within the hood. “When was it the last time I saw you? Oh yes, I remember you whispered how much you loved me and you spent the next two days loving me and like a craven coward slipped away afterward.”
“You are not still angry with me are you?”
“Before I met you I was an unsullied young maid and you tricked me,” both laughed at her attempt at humor. Flinging back her cowl, she ran to him wrapping her arms with the dagger still in her hand around his neck kissing him soundly. “I missed you so you craven recreant.”
“I missed you to Sakura. Ah, Sakura I am truly sorry for leaving you as I did. I do not know what came over me to do something so egregious to you,” he confessed flippantly.
“No you’re not you scoundrel,” laughing she playfully slapped him in the face. They disengaged from each other and she handed him back his dagger. Looking into each other’s eyes each saw what they needed in the other.
“We need to forego the reunion I had planned for when I finally caught up with you and get our horses.” He arched his eyebrows wondering what kind of reunion, the good kind or the kind that he knew she is capable of giving her long lost enemies. Staying deep in the shadows they quietly headed north to where their horses are stabled for the night.
Suddenly, she grabbed him by the arm jerking him deep into the shadows crouching between two buildings looking toward the stable entrance. “You need to stop thinking about our reunion and from now on pay attention to your surroundings,” she hissed between clenched teeth.
At the end of a street forming a T shape, the stable is a huge affair built the same as the surrounding buildings with its mortared granite and granite-tiled roof its three massive double doors swung wide open with the lantern light streaming from them clearly showed no sign of life inside. There should be horses nickering, a hostler and a few grooms walking about. Too quiet for Sakura, a sudden sharp foreboding feeling caused the tiny hairs on the back of her neck to stand up warning her that something dreadful had happened in the stables. Flitting among the buildings, they stayed as deep in the waning shadows as possible given the closer they got to the stables the brighter the ambient light was.
Moving stealthy toward the third door on the right they peered in surprised at the blood and carnage in evidence. Lying on the blood soaked straw slightly to the right of the door a horse's headrest next to the headless body of a groom. Blood and gore dripped from the stall doors, walls, and ceiling, mostly horseflesh with human chunks as well. Barely able to keep from retching they forced themselves to enter the stable proper moving as quietly as possible across the blood soaked straw. Seeing the blood and gore dripping from the walls and ceiling both knew that whatever happened here had recently occurred. Who or whatever did this may still be here waiting to ambush the unsuspecting curious that might venture in to investigate. What could have done this so quickly, so quietly, without anyone hearing the sounds of a malicious massacre-taking place right in the stables next door to them? Looking furtively about the stable Orin wondered, barely breathing trying not retch, and at the same time not make a sound.
Suddenly, an intense fear gripped Sakura freezing her in place, a fear so revolting it sent shivers racing through her body.  Instinct and self-preservation was the only thing that saved Orin and her from certain death. Lunging into Orin, she shoved him hard to the floor with her on top of him ignoring his shout of surprise as a black as night creature flew by them faster than anything she has ever seen. Quickly spinning around it stopped at the far end of the stable staring at them balefully with an astuteness that shocked Sakura.
Getting quickly to their feet, Orin noticed an intense warm feeling coming from the sword hidden under his cloak realizing too late that it had been steadily getting warmer the closer they approached the stables warning them of the danger inside. Moving his cloak aside, he quickly drew the sword revealing that it had taken on a pulsing pure white light. Both looked at the sword in astonishment while the creature growled taking a step back drawing their attention back to the danger at hand. This time Sakura could see fear in its intelligent eyes.
The creature stood on four legs like a dog, its dragon shaped body with wings too small to allow it to fly rippled with heavy muscle. Sakura realized it had to be its wings that gave it the speed it had showed. Its huge dragon shaped head and gaping mouth with protruding five-inch long fangs made it an abomination of a dragon. It did not have a tail like a dragon but its clawed feet certainly looked like dragons feet. Orin did not know what he faced but he knew that it feared the sword he carried and that gave him some assurance that he might have a chance at defeating it.
Moving closer to the creature, the pure light glow grew more and more intense no longer pulsing. The dragon like creature was on him faster than the eye could follow thinking its speed would save it from the sword it feared. Far quicker than he ever dreamed possible, Orin sidestepped the attack, slashing the creature along its scaly side eliciting a scream of rage and pain. The bone-chilling sound that emanated from the creatures mouth was certainly loud enough to alert the townspeople that something is amiss. Swiftly the creature lunged at him teeth snapping; again, his speed was more than enough to sidestep the attack plunging the blade deep into the creature's eye deep into its head. Quickly twisting the sword back and forth, he pulled it out of the creature's eye dripping blood and gore. Dropping to the floor in a cloud of hay and dust, dripping black blood from its wounds the creature gave Orin one last look of hatred from its remaining eye before making a guttural sound breathing its last.
Over in seconds Sakura watched in wonder as the creature fell to the stable floor and die while Orin stared at the thing on the floor in apparent numbed shock. Noticing the sword had returned to normal when the creature died Sakura took the sword from Orin without protest from him, wiping it clean with a polishing cloth used for polishing brass that had been hanging on a ring on the wall next to her. When the sword was painstakingly clean, she tried hand it back to him but he paid her no mind. To get his attention, she slapped him on the back of the head hard enough to cause him to stutter step forward.
“Easy woman, are you trying to knock the eyes out of my head or what," Orin exclaimed rubbing the back of the head where she hit him.
“No merely trying to knock some sense into that thick head of yours. Mayhap you think we should just wait for the constable, half the town and the duke’s men to get here. Is that rock inside your head going to devise a good excuse why we are here and what that thing is?” Straightway she handed him his sword heading to a rear door between two stalls trying not to brush against or step in any blood and gore.
Leaving the rear door and out into the fresh air away from the stench of death, they turned left into an alley that ran between the stable and a dark warehouse. Hurrying down the alley toward the docks, they reached a large thoroughfare used by traders to move wagons laden with goods up and down during the trading season. This late at night, it is dark and quiet but simply because it looked safe did not mean danger did not lurk in the shadows cast by the flickering oil lanterns lining the street. Behind them, they could hear the alarm raised as someone discovered the massacre at the stables. Cautiously scanning the street before easing to the right in front of a warehouse, they stayed as deep in the shadows as possible. Moving stealthy between the buildings and down alleys for better part of an hour, they finally stopped in front of a rude looking building.
Taking a brass key from a hidden pocket inside her cloak Sakura unlocked the pad lock on the door. Quickly entering they closed the door silently behind them into total darkness. Moving by feel to a small table Sakura quickly lit a small oil lantern with flint and steel. The room is small and dingy with a few crates piled on top of each other with a small straw mattress shoved in the corner. Quickly she went to one of the crates moving it aside, reaching deep inside the bottom one retrieving a backpack and bedroll. Those she handed to Orin reaching in again retrieving another backpack that she slung over her back.
“Only one bedroll?” Orin asked quizzically.
“Why do we need two?” she asked laughing sweetly. He did not have an answer to that so he let it go thinking it is best to do so.
Turning the wick down on the lantern blanketing them in total darkness Sakura paused briefly letting her eyes adjust before silently opening the door wide enough for them to peer out into the darkness. One mistake or misstep could mean their deaths. With their senses alert to the slightest movement or sound, they eased out of the doorway quickly heading northwest toward the barge road. Once there they should be safe all the way to Brookmoor Village, but in the business they are in one could never tell. In a short time they made their way passed the dockworkers homes and small warehouses predominant to this area of town alerting a nearby dog who barked sleepily at their passing.
When they reached barge road, they picked up speed until both were running as fast as humanly possible trying to put some distance between them and the town. They continued this pace under a cloudless night sky for league then slowed to a steady walk catching their breath. Orin looked up at the panoramic view of a bright beautiful moon lighting the landscape with millions of stars flickering across the sky all resting on a giant black background. He did not think there would be any pursuit from the town, but he was still concerned that someone will see them moving along the road on a bright night like this. After what happened at the stables, the duke's men would assuredly question them if they were seen out tonight.
“Sakura tell me what is going on and do not keep any secrets from me.”
“What makes you think I would do such a grievous thing to such a forthright rogue like yourself,” she was laughing by the time she finished asking him.
“You sure are the droll one this evening. Here we are walking up a deserted road, and I mean walking since our horses were slaughtered by some creature that before now I have only seen in my nightmares, I discover a magic sword that I do not know what it can do, for all I know every time I use it I lose some of my spirit and you cannot deny that we are in extreme danger and after all of that you are having a grand time insinuating that I am a devious ne'er-do-well,” he concluded his longwinded speech in mock pain at the slight.
“Well, did you lose any?”
“Lose what?” he asked cautiously.
“Any of your spirit you dolt,” she said punching him in the arm speeding off as fast as she could with him chasing her both laughing their voices drifting off into the night.

~~~~

Doric and Dorin are both exact twins. So exact are they the only person who can tell them apart with any consistency is their mother. Their father and younger sister fail miserably to tell them apart and are always the brunt of their jokes and lighthearted mischievousness. Thankfully, they did not dress alike. When they were children, their mother used to dress them exactly alike and they abhorred it. Therefore, when they got older they began to dress in their tastes. Tonight sitting in the Oldcastle Inn and Gambling Emporium, they were both wearing royal court long sleeve doublets Doric in blue and Dorin in dark brown both made of heavy brocade fabric with gold buttons. Their pants were matching black trews tucked into rich black leather knee-high boots. Their idea of dressing differently is wearing different color doublets. Leather gold ring belts held there rapiers at their sides.
Since all of the gambling tables are on the outer edges of the room, they sat at a table roughly in the center of the room with those not gambling. The raucous din from loud laughter and talking, interspersed with shouts of patrons either winning or losing at dicing and cards, a wheel spinning incessantly, coalesced into a cacophony of noise near deafening to anyone walking into the establishment. The sweet smell of tabac smoke wafting about the room mingling with the smells of unwashed human flesh and cooked meat added to the rustic appeal to the place. A comely serving girl sat on Doran’s lap with her large bosom in his face giggling every time he nuzzled her breasts. Doric shook his head in disgust.  In one-way Doric is not like his brother. Dorin liked merrymaking every chance he got but Doric is much more reserved. Sure, he went with his brother to places like this mainly because they were inseparable, their father instilling in them from a young age to watch out for each other that made it very natural for him to guard his brother.
Scanning the room while Dorin entertained himself Doric kept a wary eye out for trouble. About every nationality and race is here tonight mostly traders and warehouse owners drinking and gambling their hard-earned gold. Dockworkers lived and stayed down by the docks where the inns and brothels were more at their level of income where here a lot of gold changed hands. In each corner of the room and by the front door, a burly tuff with massive arms and short swords belted at their waists stood guard making sure the crowd stayed jovial. At times a loud disgruntled patron felt cheated, and in all likelihood he had been, the tuffs would escort the patron bodily out of the establishment. Doric refused to gamble and partake in the pleasures of the serving maids but that did not stop his brother Dorin.
 The long bar at the back of the main room is packed with patrons yelling for service while the stairs on both sides leading up to the second and third floors held a steady stream of couples going up and down them laughing and smiling adding to the din and security nightmare for Doric. A group of dwarfs in one corner of the room jumped up arguing back and forth about a game of chance they were playing on the verge of bringing out their axes and short swords when they noticed the tuffs heading their way quickly deciding for the better to sit back down and start a new game. Doric laughed imagining the place cleared out as a group of dwarfs waged battle with the tuffs. If he were a betting man, he would put his money on the dwarfs.
Suddenly, Doric thought he heard the alarm bell ringing outside. Straining to hear over the din inside the inn he listened closely and sure enough, he could hear it. Quickly the inn grew eerily quiet as the patrons began to hear the incessant bell ringing. In seconds, the sound in the room changed from a raucous din, to a sudden scraping of chairs across the floor and the murmur of the crowd as it headed out the double doors and into the street. Dorin eased the serving girl off his lap; reluctantly rising from his chair, he followed his brother as the crowd flowed out of the inn.
They could clearly hear it now and the incessant ringing beginning to make them wonder what the emergency was that had whoever is ringing it do it so frantically and with such fever. They did not smell smoke from a fire so the crowd was more curious then annoyed by this disturbance.  Rounding the corner, they began heading to the stables making them wonder even more, what had caused of such commotion.
Torches in wall sconces along the front of the stables were casting a flickering bright light across the large crowd blocking the main entrances. Pushing their way through the crowd to the front, the twins received many angry looks directed their way until they were recognized and those looks turned to smiles and acquiescence. When they peered in the double doors, they were not expecting to see the carnage they saw turning away trying not to retch. They reluctantly walked inside to see pieces of horseflesh and human body parts strewn about the stables. In the middle of all of this, a hideous creature lay dead on the floor with one of its eyes slashed out of its head and a ghastly wound on its side.
“What kind of creature could do such as this,” Doric said in amazement staring at the creature on the floor.
“Whatever it is it beset and killed many horses and people in a short time. It must have great speed and strength at its disposal,” Dorin theorized.
“Look at its eye.”
“Somebody with great power killed this thing Doric.”
Do you suppose our stallions are dead?” Dorin asked sadly and Doric nodded his head sadly.
“By the light what is that creature?” Both turned toward the sound of the voice coming from a short corpulent man that looked as if he recently awakened wearing large wool robe wrapped around his large frame and a pair of leather shoes already ruined by the blood on the floor.
“Good evening Constable Alvin it is a gruesome sight we have before us,” Dorin said stating the obvious. Constable Alvin nodded his balled head his normally red cheeks had turned slightly green jostling back and forth with the motion.
“Alvin, get this thing on a wagon and bring it to the castle. The duke will want to see it and I am certain Bilgrammus will too,” Doric said taking command.
“Aye m’lord I will hasten to do as you wish,” Alvin replied respectfully still trying not to spew his late-night supper all over the floor adding to the already revolting stench of death. He quickly hastened from the stable closely followed by the twins.
“Come Dorin we have a long walk back to the castle. Father is going to want to know about this now more than later and with evil afoot father will expect Bilgrammus to know far more about it than any of us.”
“That may be Doric but what matters is this attack bodes ill for all of us and a dreadful change to come,” Dorin warned.
“I fear you are right Dorin.” Doric could only agree with his sometimes-astute brother both walking quickly south toward the castle.
Finally reaching barge road, they turned right onto Old Bofin Bridge. The bridge is a massive affair designed and built long before the castle foundation. Bofin was a renowned dwarf mason who decided that a massive granite bridge is the perfect thing to span the river right before the island. The massive bridge and its huge arches span the river for two furlongs. Halfway across the main bridge, a fixed bridge constructed of granite faced the island and right after it, a massive barbican with a drawbridge. At the time of the construction of the bridge, labors cleared the island of trees and built a wooden fortress with a drawbridge leading from the main gate to a wooden gatehouse attached to the barbican. Three towers each 50-foot high at the center of the bridge one on the north side directly in the center and two more on the south side at the apex between the bridge and the wall leading to the barbican guarding the bridge. As many years past, the wooden fortress turned in to the massive castle that has become a small city in itself. The river creating a natural moat flows around the island forming a large marsh and swampland south of the castle.
The twins walked along the bridge deep in thought ignoring the majestic view before them. The castle with its forty foot tall outer wall is more than two and one-half furlongs long and perfectly square with four towers sixty foot tall on the front, sides and back walls lit with countless torches in wall sconces and lanterns hanging from the battlements lighting the night sky. Someone who has never seen the sight before, its grandeur would awe them but for the twins this is nothing more than their home.
The outer walls were built to withstand the most inexorable of attacks on them at twenty feet thick filled with crushed granite and mortar separated in the inside by an outer bailey and an inner wall ten feet thick and eighty feet high. Protruding from the center of the front wall is a massive gatehouse with ninety-foot walls and two outer towers one hundred feet tall with a similar gatehouse at the center of the inner rear wall facing the south outer wall. The square keep is directly in the center of the inner wall with four towers one-hundred and twenty feet tall on each corner with its main walls one hundred ten feet tall.
Passing the towers the twins turned left heading for the drawbridge leading to the barbican. Recognizing them very quickly the guards came to complete attention, an old grizzled guard that knew them as children called out to them when they passed. Hurrying through the barbican lit with torches, underneath a second portcullis leading to another drawbridge, they entered the main castle gatehouse.  A mix of torches and lanterns lighted the inside clearly showing the massive gears and counterweights that raise and lower the great drawbridge. Murder holes were spaced evenly along the walls with wooden stairs leading to the battlements above.
The captain of the guard seeing them returning without their horses quickly stood from behind his desk with a concerned expression on his face.  A heavyset grizzled soldier dressed in heavy mail with a great sword at his side, his gray hair long in the back and short in the front keeping it from around his face exposed the scars crisscrossing his features, looked the part of a no-nonsense veteran soldier. Seeing the expression on the captain's face the twins explained in detail what had happened in town. When they were finished captain promptly dispatched orders to double the guard in town and around the castle. Signaling to one of his runners over, he sent him off to let the duke’s aide know what had happened advising the duke that his sons were on the way. Thanking the captain, they left the gatehouse, turned right walking past the soldier’s quarters where they could here men groaning sleepily in complaint from the early wake-up call to go on sentry duty. Continuing past the soldier's quarters, they turned left following the walls to the south gatehouse.  On the right, more barracks and staff quarters housed soldiers and support staff to the castle and grounds bustled with activity with servants and soldiers moving about calling out to each other in greeting or issuing orders.
Finally, reaching the end of the inner wall they turned left toward the inner gatehouse. Along the entire outer back wall are the famed stables of Castle Qenildor where the finest horses in the land are stabled, at least according to what the hostler calls them, for each knight, squire, courtesan for their carriages and the duke’s favorites. The twins did not wish to tell him that two of his horses were slaughtered by a monster direct from the old stories told to them as kids to make them behave or for telling scary stories around campfires. It would not sit well with the duke. Even though he had given the horses to his sons, they were still part of his group of favorites. The only thing he loved more than his horses is his family and that says a lot. Duke Gawain Lucian Sutherland would come out each morning and night to groom his cherished animals. These animals were for pleasure riding nothing more. An unfortunate and unavoidable fact that horses were trained for war and used cruelly in battle still did not lesson his revulsion for do it.  His warhorses are fed the best feed and well cared for if any of them are harmed in battle.
When they reached the gatehouse, they were surprised to see four horses saddled and tethered ready for riding, their father and old Bilgrammus waiting beside them. The duke is dressed similar to his sons except he is wearing black hose and a pair of black riding boots.  At his side, he wore a Delzarin of Riannon made sword rare and beautiful the King of Riannon gave him for valor under arms in support of the king. Bilgrammus on the other hand, wore his long flowing robes and carried his staff. When the twins were children they would always laugh and joke wondering if he wore anything underneath them but now when they do they shudder to think of it. Even now, they still cannot figure out how he could ride a horse dressed like that and be comfortable in the saddle.
“Since you are walking I presume the worse for the horses?” Duke Gawain asked already knowing the answer to his question. The duke looked younger than his forty years, tall and still strong and quick on his feet. He black hair streaked with gray made him more mature looking than his sons but with the same disarming smile that made women desire him.
“Tell us boys what you saw and be quick about it. We must ride straightaway to see this creature,” Bilgrammus said urgently. Bilgrammus is your stereotypical scholar and power welder of the imagination with his robes, staff, long stringy white hair and beard. Why do they always look like that Dorin laughed quietly not paying attention to what his brother was saying.  Meanwhile, his brother was detailing everything they saw flawlessly as usual. His brother had a knack for that where he would flounder and get himself flummoxed trying to relate a story to get out of trouble or usually get into more trouble. He caught on young to let his brother do the talking.
As one, they mounted riding quickly to the main gatehouse their horse's shoes clattering across the drawbridge through the barbican and onto the fixed bridge were they slowed to a walk. Turning right toward barge road, they saw a wagon coming out of the gloom toward them with Constable Alvin himself driving the two-horse team. The duke and his party rode up dismounting next to the wagon. Alvin handed the duke a lantern so they could view the creature in the wagon. Holding the lantern over the back of the wagon, they were not prepared for the exclamation of surprise coming from Bilgrammus.
“Unhitch the horses now and burn the wagon and the creature right where it is,” Bilgrammus shouted. No one moved shocked by his words. “We must do it now it has been in our realm far too long!”
Those gathered jumped at his words even the duke was helping unhitch the horses quickly moving them away from the wagon. Hurriedly taking a lighted torch from Alvin, Bilgrammus began lighting the wagon on fire touching the burning torch along the dry wood quickly turning it in to a conflagration. Standing back watching it burn, Doric thought he saw an apparition withering in agony from inside the flames. Many people including guards came running up concerned about the fire but once they saw the duke himself was present and he masterfully deflected their questions assuring them that everything is fine to about their business. He hated not telling them the truth but now is not the time to create a panic there would be time enough for that later. A good many people saw the creature in the stable so the rumors would be rampant, but he still had hopes of convincing as many as he could that this creature is some strange animal from a distant land.
Bilgrammus would not leave until the fire burned to embers and not until he ordered some labors to sift through the ashes with their shovels making sure no sign of the creature remained. By that time, the sun started to show it first rays of light starting a new day. Tired from lack of sleep the duke and his sons followed Bilgrammus walking their horses southeast toward the forest when he stopped making sure they are far enough away from prying eyes and ears. Alvin had returned to town with the horses used to pull the wagon.
“Your excellency if I may I will get right to the point. Evil has come to our land and we must be mindful of the danger that faces us m’lord. I am most uncomfortable ordering you around like you are a liegeman my duke but this one time I must,” he ended with a bow toward Gawain.
“Bilgrammus you have been a faithful friend and confidant for as long as I can remember. If the danger that threatens us is this grave, tell me what you wish and I will do what is needed.”
“M’lord I am truly fearful at what is to come but even I cannot predict all there is to know only what the guardians of the light tell me. From this time forward we will need to prepare your lands for war. M’lord it is far easier for me to tell you to gird for war than what I must tell you now. You must give your sword made by Delzarin to your son Dorin for you have been the caretaker of the sword until he comes of age. He will weld the sword in battle for the glory of the light. Your son Doric has a different path to glory and it is equally important."  "Gawain,” Bilgrammus paused a moment a tired look crossing his features quickly disappearing as fast as it appeared. "Gawain you path has been set since before you were born. You will meet an old friend that you thought lost forever and the two of you will be together in the glory of the light."
Too stunned to move, they gaped in amazement at his words. Unbuckling his sword the duke handed it to Dorin who at seeing his father unbuckling his sword unbuckled his. The single act of passing the swords to each other changed each of their lives, the father giving up his gift from a king and a son taking on a burden he feels in his heart he is not worthy enough to bear, will now face futures that neither had dreamed.
“Father…” Dorin tried to say something to the duke and could not find the words.
“Listen to me son you have great courage so use it well. You will bring glory to yourself and our family. Weld the sword well and it will not fail you in battle,” the duke concluded placing his hand on his sons shoulder squeezing it in assurance. Turning to his son Doric, he placed his other hand on his shoulder and the look that passed between them was enough.
“You boys must make haste to the north toward Brookmoor Village for it is where you will find the one who killed the spawn of darkness for he welds a sword much like yours but different,” Bilgrammus concluded enigmatically the tried countenance seen earlier etching his face.

~~~~

Late afternoon on the third day after Hairytoes left his friends and brother, he neared his village high in the mountains. The arduous trek through the mountains with the first heavy snowfall of winter was almost over. Nestled in a small valley between high snow covered mountains blanketed with a fir trees and a soft white covering of snow his village is as picturesque as anyone could wish for. At one point during his journey, he had to seek shelter in a cave to wait out the storm then trudge through a foot of snow and in some places even more to get here. Seeing the smoke from the cook fires and forges through the snow covered fur, he made his way up the trail both excited to be home and filled with uncertainty about the reaction that his news is going to cause the clan leaders. This time of the year, many of the clan leaders will be secure in their winter caves and homes not trekking across dangerous frozen mountain passes to come to a conclave of leaders, thankfully it is not his decision to make.
Rounding a bend in the meandering trail, he walked into his village greeted with the sight of children running and playing in the snow. Large snowball fights were under way with children laughing even more when a few seemly errant snowballs headed in his direction. Adults waved in greeting while either sweeping snow from their granite tile roofs or front stoops all under a beautiful cloudless azure sky. Walking down the center of the village toward his home, the smell of cooking food made his stomach growl with anticipation.  His village happened to be one of the homes of the oldest and largest of the clans making Brokk as clan leader a very powerful and influential leader among the other clans.
His house like all the others are built of ruff cut mortared granite walls with wood shuttered windows and heavy front doors. The huge fireplace at the back of the house is belching smoke inviting him inside to seek the warmth of the fire he knew to be burning there. Walking up the stoop toward the porch leading to the front door he kicked off the snow gathered on his boots so to not track in snow. Hearing the noise from the front porch the front door opened and he saw his maw standing in the entryway with a smile on her face. When she saw her son at her door, she reached out with both hands pulling him inside quickly closing the door behind him.
“Aye ma laddie ye be finally hame,” his mother said hugging him close. Stepping away from the kitchen table, his father quickly reached out shaking his son’s hand in a warm greeting.
“It is guid tae see ye laddie but from whaur have ye been an whaur is yer brither?” his father asked with a concerned expression on his face. Always a concern to him when his sons leave together and one does not return he waited expectantly.
“ ‘At is quite a story paw.”
“Lit heem in paw an’ get warm by th' fire he will teel us in time.”
The house is large by dwarf standards with a main room, kitchen and fireplace. Off to either side of the main room is the master bedroom and another shared bedroom. Hairytoes slid his pack off his back setting it on the floor by the door. Quickly hanging up his sword, he stripped-down to his bare feet and leather jerkin. Quickly taking a seat in a chair by the fire warming his hands and feet, his mother handed him a mug of warm dwarf mead to warm his stomach. Settling comfortably in chairs by the fire Hairytoes told his story about the orc movements southward leaving out the part about finding Celedryl on the trail and the loss of her village for a little later.
“Ah must speak tae Brokk an' lit heem know 'at war is comin' but th' question is will he believe me?”
“Ah will go wi' ye son an' together we will convince heem,” Dulgar Grayshanks said earnestly. Where Hairytoes had flaming red hair and a neatly trimmed beard his father had long-red hair streaked with gray pulled into a ponytail hanging to the middle of his back. Unlike the men in his village, his father’s keeps his face cleanly shaved making him look younger than his years. Laughter lines crisscross his face showing his true age, but they certainly did not detract anything from his countenance.
“Ye men will not leave thes hoose until we hae had a proper meal at th’ dinner table,” Gilia admonished sternly.  The two men nodded their heads in acquiescence knowing better than to argue with her. Gilia is a typical dwarf wife that loved her husband and children but brooked no argument when she deemed it necessary to assert herself. Her long blond hair also streaked with gray framed out a face that still looked young for her age with a few signs of the hard life taking shape across it. She wore a white apron over a floor length homespun dress in light blue matching her eyes. Besides, the food cooking in the hearth smelled delicious so no argument would be coming from either of the dwarfs for they are starving as usual as if they have not eaten in months.
The food as always is delicious and Hairytoes could not seem to get enough. Gilia served a meat stew that would stick to a dwarf’s ribs with warm fresh bread that she took off the side warming rack in the hearth. They was nary moment to talk each enjoying the other’s company and of course the food. When the meal was complete, Hairytoes knew he had to give his maw and da the bad news.
“Ah hae terrible news tae teel ye an' mah heart is heavy wi' th' burden. Th' orcs hae ventured further sooth than normal an' raided inside High Valley an' wiped out aw of Celedryl’s clan, Berek is deid,” when he said it he burst into tears reliving the horror of the deaths of an entire clan. A clan he had loved like his own and now they were all dead.  Tears glistened in both his maw and paw’s eyes at the telling.
“Mah sweet lassie mah Celedryl whit has become ay 'er?” Gilia asked anguish.
“She is safe wi' Hobby maw she is safe fur now but Ah fear fur 'er.” Reaching across the table and took his mother’s hand and held it relating the entire story. They were amazed when he told them about the two new friends from another world.
“We need tae warn th' clans paw, we need tae warn aw who bide in these moontains tae gird fur war,” Hairytoes stated firmly.
“Aye, son 'at we dae an we will need tae see Brokk as ye say, he will decide whit it is we shall dae.”
“Ye men will decide whit ye will but Ah fur one will go tae Celedryl. Ah am 'er only maw she has left an' Ah wulnae leave 'er in 'er time of need,” Gilia said with the tone and look on her face they knew too well that nothing would stop her from going.
“Fine maw 'at ye will but, ye wulnae go aloyn. Hairy will gae with ye tae find 'er an' I will heed Brokk’s wishes in thes matter ay war,” Dulgar said in an equal tone brooking no argument.
Quickly getting dressed in warm furs and boots they opened the front door into surprisingly chilly air, leaving the warmth of the house may have made it feel much colder than it truly was. Hairytoes noticed the snowball fights had stopped, and the children reluctantly heading into their homes to get ready for supper and bed. Walking along the well-worn path to Brokk's house their boots made crunching noises in the packed snow interspersed with many shouts in greeting from adults and children entering their homes for the evening.
Brokk’s house is twice as big as the Grayshanks’s home with a double front door made of solid black oak with intricate carvings of animals. It amazed them every time they looked at the massive doors with the snow bears standing on their hind legs growling to the smallest bird sitting on a tree branch. The doors were made to order down in Qenildor by a master woodcraftsman, barged to the Pine Hallow Trading Post, then painstaking brought through the mountains finally reaching the village. Most were awed by their size and grandeur, and how beautiful they looked on the house once completed. The metalwork of the brazen doorknockers mounted on each door with back plates shaped like wolves heads with their noses pointing downward and their eyes appearing to bore into you is beyond anything they had ever seen.
Dulgar lightly knocked on the door with the doorknocker waiting patiently. Henwen, Brokk’s portly wife answered the door with a smile. “Wa awrite Dulgar an’ Hairytoes it is sae nice tae see ye. Come hurry inside, it is tay cold tae be out oan a night like thes,” Henwen said stepping back from the doorway swinging the door wide to let them enter.
“Guid evening tae ye Henwen Ah hope we arenae intrudin' oan ye at thes late hour,” Dulgar said politely.
“It is nae bother Dulgar ye are welcome haur at onie hour,” she replied sincerely ushering them quickly into the house closing the door behind them. The main room of the house is quite large with a massive hearth and a warm fire blazing in it with comfortable chairs about the room for talking and enjoying each other’s company when guests arrive. Which happens a lot since Brokk is clan leader he would frequently entertain guests here. The kitchen is directly behind the hearth making it convenient to cook from and warm the house. Off to one the side of the hearth is a hallway leading to the rest of the house and from this hallway, Brokk emerged with warm smile on his face.
“Guid evening tae ye mah friends whit brings ye tae mah humble haem?” Brokk asked.
“We hae news of greatest importance tae discuss wi' ye,” Dulgar replied straight to the point.
“Come, come sit doon by th' fire an' warm yoorselves,” Brokk said gesturing for them to sit in the plush leather chairs near the fire. “Henwen be a guid lassie an' please brings us thee mugs ay warm meid tae warm uir bellies, it is mighty cold outside fur thes time ay th' year.”  In mere moments, Henwen brought them three steaming mugs of mead on a brass tray setting it down on the table next to them. Reaching for the mugs they sat back contentedly sipping the warm drink.
“Brokk, mah son has some grave news tae teel ye.” Dulgar made the introduction for Hairytoes because he is the eldest and sire.  Brokk looked at Hairytoes expectantly waiting.
“Th' orcs hae ventured further sooth than normal an' raided inside High Valley an' wiped out aw of Celedryl’s clan, Berek is deid,” he paused at the shocked expression on Brokk’s face letting that sad bit of news sink in. The expression on Brokk’s face went from deep sadness at the loss then as fast to bright red with anger. Brokk is a massive dwarf if a dwarf can be called massive he could. His thickly muscled arms and barrel of a chest made him a mighty warrior and hence clan chief. No one could stand in his way when he is angered as he is now. Instantly, he stood enraged crushing the mug of mead spilling the contents over his hand and onto the floor.
“Ork blood will fill th' valleys an' run like streams doon th' sides ay the moontains,” he raged. Henwen came running into the room very concerned at the commotion her husband made. “Sit Henwen thaur is news 'at ye must hear fur we gird fur war.” He pulled a chair over for her to sit then he sat done his rage under control for the moment. Turning toward her, he told her what they had spoken of so far, the news upsetting her greatly. 
“That puir, puir dear child, Celedryl must be overcome,” Henwen, lamented.
Hairytoes continued telling them everything and as with every telling he knew they would be skeptical and amazed at the same time. He could tell that Brokk believed him knowing him well enough that he would never tell a tale such as this in jest or mischievousness. He waited calmly for Brokk to process what he said not daring to intrude on his thoughts. His father had chimed in at the end telling him of Gilia’s plans to find Celedryl and that Hairytoes would go with her. Finally, Brokk looked them in the eyes with an intent expression of a dwarf that has come to a decision.
“Dulgar ye will tak' fifty warriors an' gae tae Celedryl’s village an' secure it. Ye must get th' kine herded into th' pens an' barns fur 'at is food ‘at many will need come sprin'. Thaur shoods be plenty ay stored food tae save too. Start fortifyin' th' village. Ah will send fur fifty mair warriors from Strongtooth’s clan tae meet ye thaur since thae are th' next closest clan beside us. Ah will send messages tae th' humans askin' them tae send warriors tay. When th' orcs move sooth come sprin' they will pass through thaur first an' we cannae lit them pass unscathed. Ah will go tae th' elves an' speak tae Aelfdane he will listen tae me. Besides fur aw we know he may hae awreddy had a run-in wi' th' orcs an 'at wull only help our cause. Did Ah miss anythin'?” Brokk asked looking at Dulgar. Dulgar shook his head no. Shortly thereafter Dulgar and Hairytoes returned to their home for a good night’s rest, before an early start on the morrow.

~~~~

Three days of uneventful travel and by late afternoon on the third day both Leadyl and Celedryl with their friends were coming upon the Pine Hallow Trading Post from different directions. Both groups knew that their worst fears had come to true when they saw hundreds black scavenger birds circling high in the air above the trading post never dreaming the orcs would venture this far south. As it happened, Leadyl’s group was the closer of the two and began seeing the remains of both human and ork scattered about the area in a frenzy of fear and death. The stench of death permeated the area from bodies half in decay and half-eaten by the scavengers, interspersed with spears standing upright with heads of adults and babies impaled on them.
Trying desperately not to hurl his stomach, Mitch led the way followed closely by Cormyr and Leadyl between the burned buildings and carrion toward the front of the burned-out husk of the trading post. The stoop was still there and one wall on the west side is still standing. The stench is unbearable now with no breeze to dissipate it. Hurrying to get away from the stench of death, they ran toward the river, passing burned-out wagons and more bodies along the way. 
Suddenly, they slammed into a palpable wall of dread originating from a wraith like creature appearing from around one of the burned-out wagons.  Freezing them in place with a powerful fear attack, it inexorably floated toward them. The wraith is average human height and shape with its long black cape open at the front revealing carrion, bones and rotten remnants of clothes. The cowl is laid back revealing a skull with pieces of skin and hair lying sporadically across it. Where eyes should have been nothing but darkness so thick and so black it looked as if it went on forever filled the eye cavities.
 Struggling mightily Mitch used his imagination to build a shield against the pervasive fear slamming into his mind. Quickly glancing eastward he could see people running toward them with a vague feeling in the back of his mind that one of them was he sister. With no time to think about that, the creature decided to attack with an outstretched boney hand emitting a streak of blackness straight at Mitch. Thankfully Cormyr was the quicker of the two his outstretched pure white sword blocked the attacked absorbing it but the force of the attack threw him to the ground. Drawing his sword quicker than the eye could follow, the wraith suddenly attacked again with two quick strikes of darkness that Mitch blocked with speed far surpassing normal ability. The bright pure light enveloping the blade absorbed the darkness, drawing it in, absorbing it to the very core of the sword. If the creature had been able, it would have surely had a shocked expression on its decomposed face.
Lunging forward with his outstretched sword Mitch drove the pure white blade directly in the center of the creature's rotten chest.  The pure light of the sword melded with the blackness emanating from the creature threatening to climb the white of the blade and onto his hand. With all his power of imagination, he fought the darkness as it tried to overwhelm him and suck him into it. He felt drawn into darkness, similar to when he and Leadyl were almost lost in each other’s imagination, but dreadfully worse. The more he fought it the more he pressed his imagination for more power when suddenly the unrelenting pull of the darkness stopped as another pure light blade pierced the creature from behind protruding from the decayed chest abruptly releasing him from the darkness. He thought his head was about to explode trying desperately to rein in his power and with one last effort he fell forward into blackness.
Chapter 6

For three days, it had been the same, the room with its machines making beeping, buzzing, whirring sounds along with his steady breathing. His breathing steady and sure is what kept her at his side. He is doing better breathing on his own, his wounds are healing admirably but he had not yet opened his eyes, it is what she is waiting for hoping for with all heart. All she can see when she closes her eyes, are his eyes looking into hers. She tried to go home and sleep but came back only after a quick shower racing back here to see if his eyes were open yet. She did not want to miss the event determined to be here when it happened. She knew deep inside he would eventually open his eyes he had to or her heart would break.
“Maiko you can’t keep this up. Maiko please we have a job to do. That thing is still running loose somewhere and we don’t even know if it has killed again or what it looks like,” Garrett said softly and not for the first time. He has never seen her act like this. This from a woman that in the past has thrown men away like her old underwear when she is done with them does not make any sense. Not wanting to admit it, he knew what has come over her, for the first time in her life; she has unexpectedly fallen in love.
“I am not leaving him,” she repeated with resolve.
“Ok I will get you a hamburger for lunch the way you like it but promise me you will eat it?” Maiko merely shook her head yes, as he walked out the hospital room door.
“Wake up Hreidmar please wake up,“ she whispered the thousandth time.
“He will awaken my dear he has to for after all he is the Dwarf King.” The mysterious and highly unexpected voice suddenly startling Maiko she leaped to her feet ready to defend herself. What she saw made her pause for standing before her, is a wizened old man that looked as if he came right out of a fantasy story. There he is in his robes holding a staff, long white hair and beard with startlingly green eyes filled with knowledge and kindness too. He looks exactly like a wizard from one of my old storybooks. Why do they always look like that she wondered?
“How did you get in here without me hearing you?”
“Why I simply walked right in. You were in such deep thought you did not hear me open the door.” Maiko thought it plausible but on second thought not really.
“Ok so you are here what is it that you want and why are you here,” Maiko demanded.
“I want to save young Hreidmar why else. You know I was there when his ancestor named his forebear Hreidmar, the funny thing about it the ale was flowing and his ancestor was besotted with drink, what a grand night it turned out to be, mind you, the next day was not so good. When your world was so much like mine I used to come here to see the many friends that I had made that are now long dead," he said wistfully his mind wandering for a moment. "I digress I am here for a reason we must cure young Hreidmar for he has many things yet to do.” Maiko stood silently with her mouth hanging open not able to speak. “Close your mouth child it is not becoming for such a comely young woman like you.”
“Forgive me but I do not understand any of this.”
“You are not expected to understand child, at least not yet but you will. First, we need to get rid of the darkness that your modern science will never find or Hreidmar will die." Walking to his bedside, Bilgrammus gently placed his hand on Hreidmar’s chest. In moments, his hand began to glow a pure white and as the seconds passed, began to brighten. Hreidmar’s eyelids began to flutter lightly at first. Seeing this, Maiko squeezed her way next to his bed quickly taking his hand. Gradually, his color returned to normal and she felt warmth returning to his hand where before she had felt coldness. His eyes languidly opened looking directly at her a small smile tipping the corners of his mouth. All the while, the wizard continued to keep his hand on his chest the pure white light growing brighter as the seconds passed. Finally, removing his hand, he staggered back into a chair, and sat.
“Hi,” Hreidmar said softly with a bigger smile this time.
“Hi yourself dwarf king,” Maiko laughed giddy with joy at seeing him smile. “You know you truly are the dwarf king, no joke.” He laughed quietly at that.
“Who is our new friend that brought me back?”
“I am not too sure, and the only thing that matters to me is he saved you from certain death.”
“I know we talked about that.” Maiko stood next to the bed with a questioning look on her face waiting for him to continue. “I imagined him standing with me at a crossroads, a beautiful place with fields and trees with wood pole fences on both sides of the road and birds, birds everywhere. It seemed as if we talked for a long time but somehow I do not think so. We talked about you, me coming back to see you and all.” He paused again thinking about something or garnering his courage to say something else. Waiting patiently, Maiko held his hand as tight as she could afraid to let go, barely breathing waiting for him to finish. “I was thinking of a little Italian bistro down on tenth and main that has the best chicken parmesan and fresh bread, you like chicken parmesan don’t you," he asked with a serious expression on his face. Maiko quickly nodded her head yes. “Great so what do you say we get out of this place and go get something to eat?” Maiko laughed happily, she could not help herself, but quickly bent forward kissing him gently on the lips when she saw his expression change to disappointment not understanding why she was laughing at him.
“Yes my dwarf king I will gladly go with you. Actually, I think you and I will be spending a lot more time together,” she concluded with a smile.
“What is this I leave for a second to get a hamburger and the king is alive and well and an old wizard sitting is in my chair. Why do you guys always look the way you do?” Garrett laughed jovially. Garrett walked over and handed the hamburger to Maiko who promptly started sharing it with Hreidmar.
“You know lad I ask the same question of myself a hundred times a day well maybe not that many," he paused with a sardonic smile on his face. "The logical answer could be we are merely grumpy old men past our prime that should have long since had dirt thrown on us or, it is a facade to keep people asking the same silly question of us. Well since we are all together now, I have much explain to you. I shun long enlightenments and long discourse that leads to more confusion precisely what will ensue unless I can determine a way to explain things to you in an understandable fashion. How about if I start with my name it is Bilgrammus and I hale mostly from the world of Rhewan that happens to be a lot like this world once was,” Bilgrammus paused looking at their faces to see their reactions to his words.
“Is this about me being the dwarf king? Am I really the dwarf king?” Hreidmar asked between mouthfuls of the hamburger and fries Maiko is shoving down his throat as fast as she can. 
“Ah yes my boy that you are. The dwarfs from my realm believe that in a time of need a human the size of a mountain and you are pretty close to that by the way will come to them girded for war carrying the famed war axe Bloodaxe and he will be protected by a stalwart friend,” Bilgrammus revealed.
“Ok let me guess either Maiko or me is his gallant friend. At the least, will we get a famed weapon like his?" Garrett asked skeptically.
“Lad I know you are disbelieving but I think Maiko has seen enough to know that I would not say any untruth to you. Garrett, you and Maiko are going to have a great role to play in this game of power, the exact role is not clear at this very moment. What I do know is that without you Hreidmar will surely fail”
“Maiko did you tell him our names or does he know more about us than we know about each other and what does he mean Hreidmar will fail without us?” Garrett asked in that tone of his the Maiko knew all too well when he is getting flustered.
“Take a deep breath Garrett, from what I saw Bilgrammus do to save Hreidmar’s life I am inclined to believe him until he proves me wrong.”
“You know the old saying Maiko, seeing is believing and you have the benefit of seeing firsthand what our friend here can do.”
“Please Garrett; take a moment to think about it. Before a few days ago would you have believed a supernatural creature would be killing people in our city and changing its appearance to match his victims?”
“All right Maiko I am with you. All of this supernatural stuff going on is hard to get used to.”
“I know Garrett I am with you but we need to listen and make decisions with an open mind that what we hear is the truth and as real as it can be.”
Bilgrammus let them have their discussion until they worked it out among themselves. Hreidmar he was not an issue after their little talk nor was Maiko to a lesser degree but Garrett is another matter. He would need additional convincing and he knew exactly the way to help him understand. “Garrett when you were attacked and badly injured did you know you would not live the night? Your doctors attributed your survival to the armor you were wearing, it helped by leaving something to work with but it was not entirely the armor. The woman she was beautiful was she not?” Garrett had to take a step back and put his hand on the wall for support. “Garrett I saved you, I healed you as I did Hreidmar. That so-called woman is a shade much like the creature you are trying to catch, for that matter it could actually be the same creature for all we know. The woman she was a living breathing human being and that monster killed her. It wanted you dead so you cannot fulfill your destiny to protect Hreidmar and kill creatures like the shade that want to destroy our worlds.”
Garrett is stunned; his analytical world shattered hearing this. He straightened from the wall and looked at each of them in the room. Hreidmar is eating fries with a knowing look on his face as evidence he knows firsthand that what Bilgrammus is saying is true, Maiko is wearing a reflective expression but he could tell she believed it too. Thinking back for a moment to when he nearly died, it came to him in a rush, a body of a woman appearing to be one hundred showed up around the same time. When her identity was determined it placed her age in the mid-twenties baffling the investigative teams as to why she had aged and with no other sign of a trauma to the body they still to this day do not know all the circumstances leading up to her death. It appears now they know the cause of death and the evil loose roaming his city. Why am I so stupid sometimes? I should have remembered that he thought angry with himself. I have no choice I have to believe what Bilgrammus is saying is true the evidence is irrefutable. Maiko voice brought him sharply out of his thoughts.
“Garrett! Did you hear what I said? 
“Sorry Maiko I missed it. Try again I am listening.”
“I feel so stupid that I forgot about that case a couple years ago it has the same MO!”
“I know Maiko I had the same epiphany. What I want to know is why it did not simply kill me outright as it did those thugs? Do you think that it gets enjoyment out of watching people suffer before they die?"
“Damn it Garrett I don't care if it likes to watch it victims die it has to be stopped! We don’t know how long that thing has been here or how many people it has killed!”
“I do,” Bilgrammus said simply. That stunned them, even Hreidmar with a fry halfway to his mouth. “It or one like it has been here off and on for hundreds of years. I have tried to catch it and failed. I remember,” he stopped as if he could not continue and when he did real pain showed in his facial expression. “She was beautiful and the only woman I have ever loved. Sure, she would have been dead now for oh, I do not know four hundred years or so I suppose but who is counting anyway. She lived in a small village up in the mountains in a land you call the Ukraine, a cold place to live in a tiny backward village nestled in a small valley between the mountains. In the summertime, the weather is beautiful there. The village lay up against a beautiful lake where we would fish for our supper and lay on green grass watching the clouds float by. I remember the green of the fir trees pointing up at the sky as if to spear the clouds that raced by. I lived with her there, loved her there in a small hut we called home. She was with child when I had to leave for a time to go back to my realm and it chose that time to strike. It had insinuated itself into the village and systematically killed the people of her village, her and her unborn baby. When I came back, I found them all dead and half-frozen in the snow. I could not forbear the pain and I went insane for a while oh I don’t know for maybe fifty or a hundred years or so again who is counting.” No one said a word and Hreidmar could not eat anymore putting the fry back in the bag and throwing it the trash can next to his bed.
“I am sorry Bilgrammus tell us what we need to do,” Maiko said kindheartedly.
“Four artifacts are hidden on this world that each of you will need, Bloodaxe the name implies what it is, Flamewynd a bow with matching arrows, Skullspliter a double edged long sword and finally Starfire a shield. These weapons are very powerful in nature and will give the bearer great power. They will smite your enemies and friends alike if those who wield them do not do so with their hearts true and minds pure of thought without malice. These weapons are unsullied by darkness and it is the bearer of them that keeps them that way and as such if they fall into the hands of the truly evil they could be turned into weapons of darkness,” Bilgrammus concluded with a stern expression on his face looking at each of them.
“How do we find these weapons Bilgrammus?” Hreidmar asked.
“They are in one location making it a little easier, here is a scroll that will give you the directions that you need to find them,” he replied standing and reaching inside his robe he handed Garrett the scroll contained in a hard leather tube with brass caps on each end. Suddenly, a circle of light appeared in the room and without another word he stepped into it disappearing with the light collapsing inward right behind him.

~~~~

Deep inside his mind Mitch discovered a world of imagination that he never knew existed. His imagination is running rampant flitting furiously from one thing to the next. He knew that he needed to get control of it soon or he would be lost forever in the deep morass making up his imagination. He saw in his mind imagined images of his children beset by swarms of darkness-spawned creatures, more of the same hideous creatures slaughtering whole worlds, warriors bathed in pure light destroying hordes of evil creatures spawned by darkness on and on it went. Suddenly, the images slowed becoming more real, more solidified. Claws of darkness slashed him across the face blood trailing behind them ripping huge chunks of bloody flesh from his body. Searing pain, unending pain, lancing through his body like fire, he is dying, near death ever so near death, unimaginable torment, make it stop he screamed the sound of his voice echoing through his mind. When is the suffering going to end? A beautiful face, who is she? Someone, please tell me who she is. I must know who she is only she can save me from this torment! Her smile, her eyes I see love in her eyes, pure love and light. Her love is for me I can feel it! Why does she love me? Do I love her? Yes! Yes, I do I feel love growing inside me getting stronger. I love her. I love the way she laughs, the way she walks, her smell, her lips against mine. I love her! Leadyl he screamed her name repeatedly, her name echoing through his mind, tearing the darkness apart lessoning the pain as it did so.
After a time he noticed a murmur of distant voices very faint at first, growing louder the more he forced his imagination to hear them better. He heard his name from a voice that he recognized but could not quite place it so he concentrated on the voice suddenly recognizing his sister’s voice. He became excited and elated at the same time then dejected thinking that it might not be her and how could it be anyway she is dead or lost. He fought that depressing thought and concentrated even harder on the voice until he knew for sure he heard Danielle's voice. Gradually, he began to hear more things, wood popping in a fire, evening birds making their calls in to the night and the voice of his sister right next to him.
He knew that he was back, when the hard ground under him felt like stone and two warm hands were holding his tightly as if they would never let him go. The smell of food cooking over a campfire made his stomach churn with hunger but still he kept his eyes closed wanting to feel the moment and reorient himself to the normal world. Lying on the ground, he listened to his sister talk to Leadyl as if they were old friends. How long was out he wondered to himself.  His mind drifted back to the smell of food and he realized he is starving, again he wondered how long he was like this. Then in complete shock, he realized he is lying naked on a ground blanket with another blanket on top of him. His eyes flew open in shock startling the two girls who screamed then laughed, suddenly seeing him awake and apparently totally embarrassed his face a bright crimson.
 “Well it looks like you have finally decided to return from wherever you have been for the last three days and what a long three days it has been,” his sister giggled. When she giggled in that manner, it meant she had something on him and it would be immeasurably embarrassing for him.
“I am glad you are back with us Mitch,” Leadyl said kissing him gently on the lips. By that time, his friends and new acquaintances realized he was finally awake looking at him with grins on their faces as if they knew what was coming next.
“Tell me what has happened and why am I without clothes?”
“Well, brother you have asked a two-part question that I will definitely answer both parts of the question,” Danielle said with a laugh with the others joining in. Leadyl on the other hand, is holding her hand over her mouth trying not to laugh and failing miserably at it. Danielle continued unabated, “again in case you missed it you have been out for three days Mitch. So, meanwhile you're bodily functions,” she paused trying not to laugh. “Let me merely say we have seen a part or I should say parts of you that only Leadyl may have enjoyed looking at and she had the distinct honor of bathing and washing although all of us had a hand in bathing you.” 
He looked at Leadyl and she was blushing equally as he is at this point and his sister continued unabated like a river filled with winter snowmelt. When he is ready, he will get sweet revenge on her he thought maliciously. “Do you know you weigh a ton? Anyway, not only did I save your bacon from that wraith thing we have had to carry you to the river and throw you in then pull you out so you did not drown. The funny part was by this morning we actually thought about letting you; well actually, I was the one for drowning you. You can thank Leadyl for saving you this time. We have been force feeding you water and broth made of chicken and rabbits that may be why your stomach is growling like a hungry wolf,” Danielle concluded with an uproarious laugh contagious enough to get Leadyl to join in. 
This has to be one of those stories you had to be there to find any humor in any of it Mitch thought when he heard a growl oddly not coming from his stomach. Turning his head, he looked into the tiny face of a wolf cub about to bite him on the nose. The amazing thing is listening to his sister talk to the cub with a high-pitched whine then multiple octave changes from lower to higher with different tones and inflections. A complete change came over the cub were a moment ago it wanted to bite him now licked him on the face and with its tail wagging climbed on his chest still kissing him in the face. By that time, he is laughing and petting the cub. Danielle whined again and she got off him sitting on the ground next to her.
“While I am getting some clothes on would you be so kind as to explain what happened right then?” Mitch questioned climbing to his feet quickly wrapping the blanket around looking for his cloths. He spotted them piled neatly with his small clothes on top of his pants and jerkin his sword lying next to them. Grabbing his clothes in one hand and holding his blanket in the other he made for some bushes at the outer edge of the clearing to get dressed.
“Why are you being modest all of us have seen you at your best already?” Danielle asked teasingly.
“I was not awake then to know any better but I am now. So go-ahead and tell me about the wolf cub I am very curious how it is you sound like a dog when you talk to it.”
“Aethelwine is her name and I told her to bite you at your slightest sign of misbehavior. When you heard me talk to her, I told her you are my brother and she accepted as part of the pack. How she came about being here is a wonderful story that I will tell you about later, I am sure we are going to be talking long into the night.” 

~~~~

President Jackson was back in the Oval Office drinking a cup of hot coffee looking at the fresh dusting of snow on the ground in the valley right outside the window. He watched as a herd of antelope scratched through the snow looking for the last of the summer grass. Soon the ground crews would be out feeding them hay that had been stored in barns during the summer months. When he became president, he instituted the policy of feeding the inhabitants of the valley because he was tired of seeing dead animals for lack of food. He also instituted limited hunting rights to the locals to cull the herds. Since he had been doing that, the herds have shown a distinct improvement in health. The White House grounds crews also maintain salt licks for them throughout the valley.
The door to the Oval Office opened and in walked Scott back to normal, in his impeccable navy-blue suit, white shirt, matching tie and Italian shoes shined black. With most of the formalities dropped between the two, Scott came and went as he pleased with the understanding the president is still in charge, but has given him unfettered leeway.  Crossing the room he sat in one of the two chairs provided. Looking out the window to see what the president was looking at, Scott waited for him to acknowledge him. Scott had to admit the view is breathtaking. The president shook his head as if to clear it turning expectantly toward Scott.
“Mr. President have you seen the latest CIA briefing?” Scott asked with a questioning look on his face.
“I have seen it Scott, is there something in it that you want me to pay special attention to or is this a trick question to see if I am up to speed on current events?” the president asked lightheartedly to take the edge off the serious question.
“No sir, I apologize I should have phrased the question differently.”
“I know what you meant Scott you don't have to apologize, I know what you want to talk about I was waiting for you to arrive this morning to discuss it.”
“I am concerned that what is happening is directly tied to the aliens that destroyed the Seventh Space Fleet Task Force Seventy and as you very well know from the report that CIA Director Bogusławski put together has the same concerns.”
“We know the deaths in postwar New York are related Scott, the question is what we do about it. Has anyone spoken to those two detectives yet?”
“A team has been dispatched directly from here. The director wanted is best agents on this one and I concurred. I am not saying the postwar New York agents aren’t capable it is merely that we don’t want any slipups on this.”
I understand completely Scott. Whatever this creature is, it can’t be killed. Didn’t the report say the detectives emptied their guns into it and they could not kill it?”
“Yes sir that in itself has me so concerned. We need to find out what those detectives know and get their story firsthand.”
“Who is this security officer that reportedly saved the life of one of the detectives?”
“From what all the reports say a very courageous man took a terrible wound to his upper body to save detective Nakamura. The hospital says she has not left his side since he was so grievously injured.”
“I would like to meet him if he survives. I have a feeling we are going to need all the brave fighting forces we can get.”
“I would have to agree with that Mr. President. Meanwhile what do we do about this creature and how do we find it?”
“You know Scott all we keep relying on is reports I hate reports I need firsthand information now not later. Forget those agents I want those two detectives in this office in twenty-four hours or less. If it is safe to move the security officer, I want him here too. I want you to send the Smith twins, and agents Markowski and DeLuca to do the job. Scott this low profile needs to know only. Leave everything else in place do not change a thing. I have a bad feeling we may have been compromised.”
“Ok Mr. President it will be done as you say.”

~~~~

Sakura and Orin sat at a table drinking some local ale at the Brookmoor Inn. They had been there a day and a half not only enjoying each other’s company but the company of the duke’s sons and five of his trusted knights. They came rolling in not long after they did. They marched right into the inn in their heavy armor smelling of sweat and horseflesh that had Sakura wrinkling her nose at the smell. The duke’s sons were not dressed as knights though they are. They chose instead to wear light chainmail over leather jerkins, leather pants and black boots. Each carried their rapiers and the knights had their huge broadswords at their wastes with heavy shields strapped across their backs.
The first night at the inn Sakura had her planned reunion with Orin and by morning, they were both exhausted and he wondered why he ever left her. She wore her long dark-brown hair braided, and light wool shirt and pants she had bought from the innkeeper who has a garment shop in the rear of the inn. Her oval face is certainly pretty with almond shaped eyes that danced with the love of life. He bought some new clothes from the innkeeper’s wife too. He decided on black wool pants that laced up the side and white cotton pullover gathered yoke shirt with full sleeves and a v-necked opening. Both had daggers in their gold ring belts at their waist. For the present, he thought it best to leave his sword in their room.
Brookmoor is a small village that would not exist if not for the barge trade that flows up and down the river. Many dockworkers, warehouseman, and bargeman live in the town and travel by barge to their respected workplaces each day. Even during the winter, a few barges travel between here and the castle and some still go to the Pine Hallow Trading Post during the winter.
The inn itself is made of cut granite and mortar with a granite-tiled roof. With a large stoop and wooden front porch, it afforded enough room for chairs so people can relax and gaze across the river if they desire to. The inn is a two-story affair with nice size rooms kept painstakingly clean, because the innkeeper never knew when gentry like the Duke Gawain's sons and their knights would show up and rent a room.
The rest of the town is dirt paths leading to houses made of wood and thatched roofs, a small blacksmith shop, large stable and hostelry for those who cannot afford to stay at the inn and small shops selling specialized items and food, again for the less affluent. An aged constable and his young assistant watch over the town but with very little thievery or mischief aside from an occasional drunk that frequents one of the establishments selling some of lessor quality of strong drink their services are rarely needed. Even though many will say the strong drink is a cross from fermented goat urine and river water, they still make their way to these taverns to drink it by the pitcher full. Along the dockside are places for the barges to land and make deliveries to small warehouses for storing trade goods.
Orin unassumingly listened to the duke's son; of course, he did not know which one was speaking now. They were discussing back and forth about the missing barges that should have been back from Pine Hallow and debating if they should ride up there and investigate. Orin had heard the claptrap about orcs coming down in droves slaughtering and killing everything in sight he but did not believe it. For that matter they have not left their hunting grounds to move south in his lifetime and as far has he knows in his father's either. The bargemen are probably holdup sleeping off an end of trading season drunk and will return soon. Like it or not, the dukes sons were thinking about leaving at first light to head up there and see if the rumors were true that orcs were pillaging the countryside south of the mountains. To his chagrin they are acting as if this is some kind of adventure that he would be forced to go on whether he wanted to or not. He had asked Sakura when they arrived why they were here and all he got was he wants us here. He will have to be satisfied with one more night of comfort with Sakura and the drawback is they would need to sleep through most of it.
He scooted back his chair and with a reluctant look toward Sakura, he sauntered up to the table bowing at the waist in front of the duke's sons. “M’lord and honored knights my wife and I could not help but overhear that you are considering a short journey to Pine Hallow Trading Post and we as minor traders do have the tiniest of interest in seeing that our wares have arrived there and will be delivered here shortly. With that in mind, would it be tolerable to you to let us accompany you? With the chance of a highwayman or two between here and there a man and a defenseless young woman would be at their mercy,” he added quickly with an earnest expression on his face.
“My good man we would be honored if you and your wife were to accompany us to Pine Hallow. My name is Dorin and I would like you to meet my brother Doric or wait is it the other way around? Oh bother half the time I can’t tell the difference in the two of us but the best way to tell is that I am the more handsome of the two,” he said that looking over at Sakura giving her his best smile and a wink. That brought a round of laughter at the table and Orin laughed right along even though he did not think it that funny. Orin looked from one twin to the other trying to tell which one is which each with black hair, brown eyes, clean-shaven, tall and heavily muscled; they were mirror images of the other so after a moment he gave up in frustration.
“Thank you m’lord we have horses and supplies so we will not need to share a campfire with you but your graciousness in allowing us to ride with you is most obliging,” Orin had to grit his teeth in anger. Why is he acting like a jealous husband it is not as if they were truly married besides he was the one who left wasn’t he?
“Nonsense my good sir you have my word of honor, you and your beautiful wife may share our fire in the comfort and safety knowing no untoward act of violence shall befall you.” Dorin meant what he said in all sincerity, but Orin was not in the mood to take it that way.
“Your graciousness is well known m’lord oh wait or is it your brothers I can never tell which,” he said laughing drawing a raucous laugh from those at the table including the twins. He bowed to them and turned back toward the table feeling good at what he accomplished until he saw the look Sakura gave him. Sitting next to her with an apologetic look on his face he suddenly felt her hand under the table pinching him mercilessly on the inside of his leg taking every ounce of willpower he had not to yelp in pain.
“What did you do that for?” he whispered in her ear.
“Defenseless am I! You wait until tonight when I get you alone I will show you how defenseless I am when I tie you to the bed and beat you before I have my way with you!” Soaring to the forefront is that strong-willed personality that first drew him to her, what he loved most about Sakura, he thought reaching under the table taking her hand in his. 
 “I can’t wait,” he smiled kissing her on cheek. Shocked and thrilled at his show of affection she realized how much she liked the new feelings coursing through her.

~~~~

By the time, the doctors finished examining Hreidmar and pronouncing him a living miracle the day had passed into early evening. Garrett had been kind enough to go to Hreidmar’s apartment and return with clean clothes for him to change into. Now he is on his way to the University of postwar New York with the scroll to see a linguist professor that he knew from his college days. Maiko and Hreidmar were sitting in the little Italian bistro down on tenth and main sipping some Italian wine and eating biscotti. On the drive over and while sitting at the table they talked about themselves both being honest with each other. They discovered they each had so-called skeletons in their closets but nothing that would be harmful to their budding relationship. They liked many of the same things in life, to Hreidmar’s relief one is food and another is fast cars.
Their food had not yet arrived when two very dark and sinister looking men in black suits, white shirts and black ties came up to stand next to the table.  Both were dressed identical with bulges under their suit jackets that Maiko noticed the moment they walked into the restaurant.  Slowly with no sudden movements, they reached under their suit jackets presenting their badges respecting Maiko and her hand on her gun hidden underneath her black suit jacket she had put on when they left the hospital. Thinking it funny how traditional we law enforcement types are with presenting our shinny badges with the advent of holographic identification cards, she slowly took her hand off her weapon resting it on top of the table.
“All right fellas you obviously know who we are and how to find us what is it we can do for you?” Maiko asked a little peeved they rudely interrupted their first date.
“Ms. Nakamura you and the living miracle are being asked very nicely to come with us and once we are in a secure area we will be able to explain in some detail what is being asked of you. Would you mind coming with us?” one agent asked nicely but in a no-nonsense tone. Hreidmar knew he would soon be going with the agents and since this was way out of his league, he let Maiko take the lead.
  “Ok but answer me one question. Why the twentieth century looks fellas?” Maiko asked curious with a touch of humor around the edges of her voice.
“Because we like the style,” both agents responded at the same time.
Reluctantly rising from the table with matching sighs, they wound their way through the crowded tables out the front door and directly to a waiting presidential style black limousine. Approaching the passenger side rear door one of the agents quickly opened the door but before he would let Maiko pass he reached out his hand palm up waiting. Knowing what he wanted Maiko undid her holster clip from her belt handing him her gun and holster before getting into the car. Hreidmar slid into the back seat next to her the door slamming shut behind him. When both agents were in the car, they sped out into traffic. The car is state of the art with front and back controls for the Stellargraphic Systems Incorporated communication system and numerous other devices that they did not know exactly what they were for so they kept their hands to themselves and waited.
“Well we started out great on our first date but the sad part is we did not get to eat the delicious food. I am starved half to death and if I don’t eat soon the living miracle is going to be a dead dwarf king,” Hreidmar laughed breaking the silence.
“Don’t worry living miracle, your food is nicely wrapped with a fresh bottle of wine in the trunk and we took the liberty to order food for your friend Mr. Anderson. By the way Mr. Christensen, what’s with the dwarf king moniker?” the agent on the passenger side of the front seat asked. Maiko was not surprised in the least by what the agent said about Garrett after all if they wanted to talk to them, they would certainly want to talk to Garrett. She was very concerned that he did not have the time to get to the university before they picked him up.
“Dwarf king is what my names means and as a joke my father named me Hreidmar,” he responded plaintively.
“I am agent Smith and my partner is agent Smith,” the agent in the front passenger seat introduced them.
“You’re kidding right? C’mon really Smith and Smith,” Maiko laughed skeptically.
“Yes Agent Smith and Agent Smith Ms. Nakamura we are brothers.”
“Ok well then Agents Smith and Smith why have you interrupted our first date?”
“At the request of the president we are bringing you to the White House for a little visit. By the way, the food and wine is compliments of the president. You will be eating very soon your majesty I assure you," passenger Agent Smith answered with aplomb.
They were speeding through the streets when the missile hit the street directly in front of their vehicle in a blinding flash of light and fire from the subsequent explosion causing the speeding car to flip upside down landing forcefully onto the street in a shower of sparks and screeching metal as it continued its forward momentum down the street. The car finally can to a stop with the passengers physically unharmed but thrown completely into disarray. Thankfully, their law enforcement training came to their rescue helping them recover from the shock of a sudden missile attack galvanizing them into swift action. Quickly unstrapping their seat belts one of the agents handed Maiko her gun and one to Hreidmar before they scrambled out the driver’s side doors crawling along the sidewalk behind some parked cars next to the curb. Their heads swiveled in all directions like human bobble heads wondering where the next attack would come from; their adrenaline-filled bodies coiled tight like compression springs ready to spring back to their normal shape at the first sign of another attack.
Suddenly, the ferocious attack came nearly overwhelming them as steel tipped projectiles slammed into the parked cars around them some ripping through the metal as if it did not exist to turn chunks of the sidewalk into stinging pieces of shrapnel.  The cacophony of steel shredding from the impact hundreds of bullets and the rapports from the weapons firing them caused a disconcerting effect to all of them. Spurring into action the two agents quickly moved them along the sidewalk back in the direction they came from away from the ambush point staying low behind the parked cars lining the street. When they were in relatively safe position, they returned fire with their weapons elated to see two of the enemy fall to the ground in front of the buildings across the street. Their victory was short-lived as another hail of steel tipped bullets ripped into the parked cars in front of them pinning them down preventing them from returning fire.
Help suddenly arrived, when three black sedans came to a screeching halt in front of them with heavily armed agents pouring out of them firing their weapons with great effect killing many ambushers. One of the agents with a shoulder held missile launcher fired it into a building decimating the front and side in a huge ear-splitting explosion killing the enemy hiding there and knocking many others forcibly to the ground.
Using the distraction of this sudden and relentless attack on the enemy that a moment before had them pinned down the agents took their charges by the arms and led them to the rear vehicle pushing them inside the rear compartment slamming the door behind them. Once they were both inside, they backed down the street the way they had come, turned on a side street speeding off at a high speed. From this point on the drive is breakneck and dangerous but Maiko had to admit Agent Smith could drive. What concerned her was who attacked them and how did they know when to. She had an idea why but she did not want to think about it. If whoever wanted them dead is in league with the creature, they have been tracking then they are in a very dangerous situation. Somebody influential in the CIA or whatever agency is in on this and they have very good information at their disposal. 
“What the heck is going on?" she yelled at the agents, her hearing still not returned to normal from the ringing in her ears caused by the rocket blast and gunfire.
“All we know Nakamura is we have been compromised," Agent Smith yelled back. Reaching in the large glove box just in front of him under the dash, Agent Smith handed back two large boxes of ammo followed by a handful of magazines. “Load the magazines and any remaining rounds that you have hand them back to me so I can load ours.” Quickly filling their magazines, they handed the leftover box back to the agent.
“What do we do now?” Hreidmar asked in curiously. 
“We, meaning us have our backup plan for precisely this reason. We do not tell anyone what it is so the chance of anyone compromising it is virtually nonexistent. Gary look at that dot on the radar isn’t that Mr. Andersons escort?” the agent driving asked pointing to the HHUD. Hearing the first name of one of the agents for the first time surprised their passengers.
“Sure is and it looks like he still has his location emitter still turned on. You turned ours off right Gary?” the passenger agent asked the agent driving. By now Hreidmar is laughing so hard he was holding his ribs at the expression he could see on Maiko’s face every time the street lights lit the inside of the car.
“Damn it what the heck is going on with your names,” Maiko stormed.
“Our dad thought it funny since we are twins to give us the same name. He was hooked on this show from the twentieth century where two brothers had the same name. Only difference was they were not twins I guess. I think we have been totally compromised and your friend is heading into a trap,” Gary said abruptly changing the subject back to the matters at hand.
“Are you saying the agents escorting Garrett are compromised or it is the same situation that we faced?” Maiko asked with concern for Garrett.
“Ms. Nakamura it doesn’t matter either way, we have to stop them before they reach the evacuation zone. Gary can you get us in a position to stop them?" Not waiting for an answer he continued, "When we get there you too stay in the car until we tell you it is safe,” Agent Smith told them firmly.
“The target is running parallel with us Gary. I believe I can make a left up here and come right out in front of them. They are either going to stop or slam into us,”
 “Well I would have to say this has been the first best first date I have ever been on what do you say Maiko?” Hreidmar asked good naturedly not expecting an answer.
Racing down the street at a high speed to get ahead of the target vehicle, Agent Smith quickly hit the brakes turning the wheel to the left gunning it down a side street. They were all watching the blip on the HHUD and wondering if they were going to make it in time or slam into the side to the vehicle timing was that close. As it happened, they did make it stopping directly in front of the onrushing vehicle that slammed on its brakes to avoid hitting them. Coming to a screeching halt, the agents from both vehicles exited the cars weapons drawn. Maiko opened the rear passenger, side door and eased out to the right behind the rear fender thereby putting her in a good position to observe or to return fire if necessary.  Hreidmar quickly followed her and hunkered down next to her with his weapon in his hand.
The agents in the other car had opened both front doors and had their weapons drawn. One Agent Smith is up by the right front fender weapon at ready and the other Agent Smith positioned himself next to a parked car close to the curb. They found themselves in a classic stalemate with none of the agents willing to trust each other. Quickly standing before anyone could stop him Hreidmar shoved his gun in his belt, walked around the rear edge of the car with his hands held palms outward away from his body stopping in the middle of the street between the cars. Too late to stop him Maiko watched him bravely walk right into the line of fire, thinking she is simply going to kill him for scaring her half to death.
“Ok let’s not get hasty and start shooting guys. I am Hreidmar the dwarf king one of the people you are supposed to protect and escort. By the way, don’t ask me why I am the dwarf king now is not the time,” he said laughed trying to defuse the palpable tension with a little levity. “We were ambushed and these two agents saved our lives at the risk of theirs so as a matter of course we happen to trust them. The issue is we don’t know if you are compromised or were likewise heading into a trap but don’t worry I have a solution.” Maiko is going to kill me he thought continuing on anyway, “Why don’t you let Garrett out of the car to come stand next to me? That will show some good faith on your part that you don’t mean us any harm and still keep us within your reach.”
“All right dwarf king we will play your game such as it is. Mr. Anderson get out of the car and slowly go stand next to your friend,” the agent on the passenger side said.
Garrett opened the passenger rear door of the car and stepped out onto the road walking slowly as directed to stand next to Hreidmar looking at him expectantly. “Ok Hreidmar what is the plan?”
“I don’t know Garrett I was winging it. All I wanted to do is get you out of the car and I did that. What do we do now you’re the cop?” Hreidmar asked under his breath. Garrett looked at him with a stunned askance expression on his face. Then Garrett burst out laughing so hard he had to sit down on the street so he did not fall.
“Guys he has no plan, nothing at all,” he said still laughing. “Hreidmar told me I am the cop that I need to figure out the next move,” he said between bouts of laughter. Hreidmar knew he was in trouble Maiko is definitely going to kill him.
“It seems my new boyfriend is indisputably brave beyond compare I can attest to that but, what I did not know was he is dumb as a rock. The problem is I think I am in love with him even with all his deficiencies, so I guess that makes me dumb as rock too,” Maiko laughed walking out from behind the car to stand next to her companions. Hreidmar was pleased she called him her boyfriend but the dumb as a rock part he would have to get his head wrapped around that first. Although he had to admit, walking out there in the middle of the street with guns pointing at him had to rank right up there with the most stupid thing he has ever done. The problem is he has done so many stupid things in life that he could not choose the most stupid thing he has ever done they were all dumb moves.
The two agents looked at each other in agreement holstering their weapons they stepped away from the car doors and walked toward them. Both Agent Smiths holstering their guns joined them a moment later. Garrett’s agents were a stark contrast to both Agent Smiths. Both were dressed in jeans, with leather Loafers on their feet and button down the middle shirts with a light sport jacket. They were both unshaven and had their long hair pulled back into ponytails.
“Hreidmar I am Agent Markowski you did good, real good,” the agent said in admiration shaking Hreidmar’s hand. “My partner and best friend, agent De Luca," he said pointing to the agent energetically shaking Hreidmar's hand. Where Agent Markowski is tall and slender with blond hair and blue eyes Agent De Luca is a stark contrast at medium height and stocky with dark-brown hair and brown eyes. Maiko definitely liked the way Markowski filled out his jeans then stopped that thought in its tracks remembering she is a changed woman.
“We can’t stand here and talk all night we need to move,” Agent Smith said in a firm tone.
“What is the plan?” Agent De Luca questioned.
“I believe we have been compromised by someone in our government who I don't know, so we need to disappear off the grid for a time. We have not always been agents and when we were younger, we liked to help people disappear. We leave everything here cars and all your communication devises everything. There should be vests in the trunks, if you are not wearing one put one on, any weapons and ammo take them as well, and make it quick," Agent Smith ordered.
“Why are you helping us?” Maiko asked.
“Somebody wants you dead. You know too much about something, I don't know enough about and that makes me curious, curious enough to risk getting killed over it. The question is does it reach the level of the president or his aids I don’t know but I am going to find out who and why. We can do this right Gary?” he asked his brother who shook his head yes. "The question is do you guys want in? If you are in, we have a better than average chance all of us will be killed or at the least never return to this life. You are probably already marked for death anyway so it might be a good idea for you to join us what do you think?” Agent Smith asked expectantly.
“I am in for sure,” Agent De Luca said quickly.
“Count me in too,” Agent Markowski chimed in.
“Ok I want all of you back in this spot in sixty seconds.”
Hurrying to the cars, they grabbed what they needed and returned with grim expressions in less than sixty seconds troubled that their every move is now well documented by the surveillance devices and whoever  is in on this will have access to the data. Thankfully, it is late in the evening and the streets are quiet and, the city police are working the ambush site way too busy to come to this location or they would have some explaining to do. Taking a small device out of his pocket, Agent Smith thumbed it on pointing to the surveillance camera on the pole right next to them. The operational light blinked out and in seconds, they could see the cascading effect of all of them systematically going out up and down the street.
“What this ingenious device I happened to design does, is send a virus into the system that will not only shut the entire system down it will destroy the data for the last three or four hours. The nice thing is it will keep the systems down for three or more hours. When the time has elapsed, the virus will destroy itself leaving no trace of it behind," Agent Smith said putting the device back in his pocket before continuing. "Here is the plan, we go to our bolthole and start the process of disappearing. When we get there we will talk more,” Agent Smith concluded heading off down the street expecting them to follow him.
Chapter 7

Late afternoon after three days hard march through the mountains, Dulgar, Gilia, and Hairytoes and fifty-five other dwarfs finally arrived at Celedryl’s village. The first thing they saw when they arrived was the cattle and their calves milling around half starved trying to find grass under the patches of light snow. The cattle roamed free bunching around the village with some walking between the houses desperate for grass. Dulgar quickly ordered the hay barns opened and hay brought out to the starving cattle. Tomorrow they would feed them grain but for tonight, the hay would have to satisfy them. Dulgar is not sure how many have died and some still might but he had hopes the death toll would be small. Some dwarfs went to secure lodging in the many homes now vacant except for some furry creatures that ran at the first sight of them, while others went to the cold storage for a side of beef and fresh vegetables to cook for supper.
Dulgar knew there would be enough time tomorrow to inventory the supplies and to see what they would need to fortify the village. Walking around the village, he noted that everything is mostly intact with some minor repair work needed on some homes and a few outbuildings. To build a wall around the village will take all winter to complete providing they do not have a harsh winter. Pausing, he pushed his foot down hard on the ground noting it is still soft so digging will not be too wearisome he thought strolling through the village. They will need to dig a deep trench around the entire perimeter using the dirt from the trench to make a berm and to enhance the defenses they can put sharp stakes pointed outward that he hoped would slow the orcs. A wall will have to come next he thought but he did not think there would be enough wood stored here to build any portion of a wall he hoped there would be enough for the sharpened stakes.
Dulgar headed to the center of the village finding the meeting hall quickly noticing the burn pit with ashes piled high. His sons and their new friend Eatin did well thinking to himself while staring deeply into at the ashes seeing the faces all his friends and his brothers in arms dead and gone for no other reason than to slack the orcs bloodlust. Most of all he will miss Berek. With a tear in his eye, he turned quickly walking back to the others.
They had already started a cook fire and were turning the side of beef over it with more fires boiling snow for water and cooking the vegetables. Tomorrow another chore would be to crack the thin ice covering the streams and wells so the water will be accessible to the animals and dwarfs alike. With so much needing to be done and so little time they would need many more hands to get the work fortifying the village done on time and to defend it they will need thousands to stop the orcs killing all who came there for sanctuary.
Something or someone has stirred them up but why he asked himself. Those brigands that Celedryl met on the trail what were they doing there he asked himself. The more he thought about it the more he felt they had something to do with the orcs moving south. He hated not having enough information to plan for a battle though it is normally that way it still irritates him. The orcs moving south is nothing more than a distraction. The question is what is the real motive for this orc incursion? Keeping the orcs from going south raping and pillaging all that live there, will tie-up all the dwarfs, elves and humans merely to contain them. If they were to pass through here unchecked, they would range into small bands and rape the countryside at will. Jancastle is close to eighty leagues away and heavily garrisoned. Duke Unther is close to Duke Gawain, so there would be no reluctance on his part to supply the needed soldiers to be of help in the spring. Faycastle is positioned defensively near Dragons Bane Lake but it is a minor county and could provide some light cavalry support. Whitepine Castle has its problems concerning the southern orcs so they may be of no help, and the garrison at Fort Winterness is lightly manned at the best of times.
“Dulgar ye are quiet tonight, yer min' must be filled tae th' brim wi' things 'at are worryin' ye.”, Gilia said quietly still startling him from his thoughts.
“Gilia thaur is more tae thes than we know an' I am worried 'at thaur will be many sons an' daughters killed an’ women without their men when thes is over.”
“Dulgar thaur will be great sacrifice an' loss in th' comin' months but in th' end guid will prevail.”
“Ah hope ye ur right Gilia Ah surely dae. Ye must gie a letter 'at Ah will write tae Duke Gawain. Ah will teel heem of mah concerns an' th' needs 'at we have. Ah know 'at ye must fin' Celedryl an' Ah think ye will find 'er at Castle Qenildor.”
“Dulgar lit us eat an' tomorrow ye write yer letter. Ah hae foond us a hoose 'at has a warm fire awreddy burnin' an' a vegetable stew cookin' 'at will warm yer insides, Gilia said taking him by the arm leading him to the house.

~~~~

The dawn rose crisp and clear but the entire in camp ignored it or wished it would go away. Most pulled their blankets over their heads to block the sun and went back to sleep. The fire had long since gone out but it seemed no one cared. Shortly one could hear the snoring and the deep breathing of people fast asleep. The elf lay hidden in a small strand of trees watching them and looking across the river toward the burned out trading post and the large wooden bridge spanning both sides. One of those sleeping he knew Leadyl, daughter of Ameysthia, daughter of Kallan, brother of Ash and friend of Elvey.  He looked at the adult wolf and the cub lying next to a young woman with blond hair cascading down the side of her face. From this distance, she looked beautiful for a human, but something bothered him about her but he could not put his figure on what it is. Three other humans lay wrapped in their blankets, one with Leadyl and another lying next to but on separate blankets to one he did not know that appeared to have elf blood and another human in addition to a dwarf all spread out sleeping soundly.
He gathered his imagination reaching out to the two wolves and introduced himself causing them to jump up with their ears perked staring in his direction. Elvey has a special talent with animals; using his power of imagination he can communicate with them, speak to them in ways that few can. He told them he is a friend of Leadyl's and would they allow him to enter the camp assuring them he meant them no harm and that he would leave his weapons as a show of goodwill. He could sense something odd with the pup and she explained to him that she bonded to the female next to her, now he knew what bothered him about the human girl she was like him but unlike him too. He congratulated her and asked her what her name was and she told him Aethelwine. He introduced himself as Elvey and in the discourse that followed discovered the adult wolfs name was Farwalker. Leaving his weapons and backpack where he had been hiding, he walked slowing and quietly toward the camp. He did not want to wake anyone too abruptly or he may find a sword or knife shoved in his face.
Sitting at the edge of camp Aethelwine came to him first letting him scratch her under her chin. Farwalker sniffed him and sat next to him watching him closely. “You do not trust me yet majestic one, and the little one is far too trusting it seems,” he thought to them. Farwalker could understand this elf perfectly and it unnerved him for he was not used to speaking in this manner. Celedryl could speak in his language such that it is but this he did not like. In Farwalker's mind, he did not trust Elvey, something lurked inside him hovering around his spirit he did not like. “Aethelwine your den mother speaks to you in this fashion does she not,” he thought to her and she wagged her tail affirmatively.
“Elvey, why are you here bothering me so early in the morning?” Leadyl asked sleepily.
“Leadyl the sun has long been up and the cook fires are still out. Do you plan to sleep the day away?” Stirring and sitting up in their blankets at the sound of voices most of the camp was beginning to wake except Mitch who snuggled closer to Leadyl. Danielle, Hobnobby, and Celedryl wore questioning looks on their face wondering who had invaded their camp so early in the morning, while Cormyr seemed angry and Ethan looked very suspicious. Cormyr cursed himself for a fool for letting someone get this close to camp unannounced and not posting a guard during the night vowing it would not happen again.
“My love we have a bothersome but welcome visitor in our camp so we are forced to rise from our blankets and greet him,” Leadyl said to Mitch both reluctantly sitting up in their blankets.
“Who is your mate Leadyl, I sense he is not of our world?" Elvey asked bluntly.
“Mitch please say hello to my childhood friend, Elvey you are correct he is not of this world but comes from another,” Leadyl replied. Realizing how famished they are they quickly introduced each other to Elvey, lighted the cook fires and prepared to make breakfast. While they were eating, the newcomers retold their stories for Elvey’s benefit while the others piped up at appropriate times interjecting what they will.
Elvey is tall for an elf with a slender whipcord body that allowed him to run like a deer through the forest. He is a creature of the forest as much as he is an elf. His ability to talk to all the animals at his choosing sometimes made it very hard for him to hunt and kill them for food. The first time it happened he was out hunting alone, intending to make his first kill and bring home a trophy buck to show off his prowess to his friends and especially Leadyl. On that fateful day, he had been tracking an evasive buck for more than three hours when the forest suddenly came alive and he could hear every animal speaking among each other and to him in cacophony of voices that nearly drove him insane. 
Trying to sneak away unscathed the beautiful animal, at its peril moved from the deep cover protecting him thereby allowing Elvey a clear shot. The bowstring sang when he let loose his arrow flying true striking the majestic the ten-point buck; suddenly he could feel the animal’s pain dropping him to his knees in shock. Stumbling to the stricken animal, he knelt next to him holding his head in his lap stroking its fur while tears ran down his cheeks watching this once proud animal’s eyes glaze over in death. The buck telling him right before he died that he was past his prime and it is time for a younger buck to take his place at the head of the herd nearly took him to the precipice of folly; if not for Leadyl, he might have gone insane.
He could not bring himself to butcher the animal for its meat or take its enormous antlers for a trophy. With his bare hands bleeding from numerous cuts and abrasions, he cleared away the undergrowth and rocks to make a fitting burial place for this king of the forest. He interred the animal there with rocks and small boulders making up the tomb. The bow and arrow that killed him was set upright in the rocks as part of the memorial where Elvey sat until Leadyl found him.
She stayed with him for days coaxing and helping him understand what was happening to him. He finally began closing out the voices one animal at a time by imagining doors that he could open and close at will keeping the voices out until he wanted to hear them. With time and practice, he would know which to open for the animal he wanted to talk with. Finally, at the end of three days, he learned one important fact he loved Leadyl. At first, the admission shocked him then he realized that he has loved her all his life. His knew in his heart that his love for her was not to be, so he never told her of it keeping it a closely guarded secret.
Afterward, he often went to the memorial imagining he could still hear in his mind the last thoughts of majestic creature he had slain. He eventually came to terms that he is a hunter like any other hunter and that the strong will survive. The forest animals understand this as much as he does. He never used his skills to hunt for the excitement or pleasure of killing; he only killed what he needed to eat and to survive. He tried to hunt only the weak to cull the herds and keep them strong. On one memorable hunt, he was tracking a bear severely wounded by a lion suffering from the injury it had received. Following the blood trail deep into the woods, he trapped the bear in a copse of trees and rocks. Imagining the bear behind the door, he opened it telling the bear that he is a great adversary. If the lion had not injured him, he would have proved very hard to kill and his death will be as merciful as it can be. The bear was very grateful because its wound was very grievous and painful.
“Leadyl I have been following you since your cabin,” Elvey volunteered during a lull in conversation, making those sitting around the campfire turn and look at him with suspicion and in Mitch's case anger.
“Elvey how long have I known you?”
“All our lives Leadyl,” he answered cautiously.
“I sensed you nearby the moment I stepped out of the cabin. I knew you were keeping the more dangerous creatures of the forest away from us too.”
“You were there when we killed the ork Elvey?” Mitch asked angrily.
“No Mitch, I was dressing a coney and trying not to starve while you were nestled with Leadyl,” Elvey responded angrily. Leadyl had never seen Elvey act this way for he was at most times an affable person, never cross with people. She wondered what has befallen him to make him act so unlike him.
“He was not there Mitch I can attest to that,” Leadyl said trying to mollify Mitch and defend Elvey.
“Leadyl, I am not a child nor am I one to say untruths in defense of myself so please do not defend me,” he retorted storming off into the strand of woods where he had left his bow and backpack. Leadyl stood there with a shocked expression on her face while Mitch looked very angry.
“What is wrong with Elvey?” Leadyl asked to no one in particular.
“He is in love with you Leadyl, you must see that,” Danielle said moving to stand next to her.
“Does he not know I do not love him?”
“He might not Leadyl or he has hopes that you might and if you do not love him then you must go to him and tell him so,” Danielle said with a dour expression on her face.
“I have never enticed him into thinking I would love him in any fashion other than as a friend loves a friend.” Danielle stared at her with that stern expression and Mitch had an expectant look on his face. Sighing loudly, she marched off into the strand of trees to talk to Elvey before this got any harder than it already is. When she found him, he was squatting next to a pine bough with a stick in his hand poking at the pine needles on the ground. She stood there a moment before speaking not sure how to start waiting for him to look up and acknowledge her presence. She had to do this kindheartedly ensuring that he remained her friend but he must understand there could not be any love between them other than friendship.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked plaintively.
“You have a mate now Leadyl what is there to discuss,” he retorted indignantly.
“We have much to discuss Elvey!” She was starting to get angry desperately trying to curb her anger before anything was said that would cause irreparable damage to their friendship. 
“What you want to discuss that you have been lying with him,” he angrily sneered standing to face her with an angry expression on his face.
“Me having a mate is what has you so bothered Elvey Everswift? I am a free woman and I will give myself to whomever I choose! I love him as my mate and if you cannot abide by that then it is you that will break our friendship forever,” she admonished angrily storming back to the camp leaving Elvey alone with a sullen expression on his face watching her race off into the trees.
“I sense you still wish to have her as your mate,” an eerie voice said from behind him and to one side of the pine tree. Taken by surprise he quickly spun toward the voice with his dagger in his hand. He is astounded that he did not hear anyone approach this close to him for standing next to the pine tree is a dark figure wearing a cowl hiding their features lending to the aura of pervasive evil he could now sense emanating from whatever it is hiding behind the cowl.
“Who are you and what do you want of me?” Elvey asked nervously. 
“We want the same thing do we not?” the evil sounding voice hissed.
“What do you mean?” Elvey asked tentatively with fear tingeing his voice. He knew he should run now and not look back for standing before him is evil personified. He felt it deep inside his heart but his curiosity got the best of him so he remained to hear this enigmatic creature out.
“We both want him dead do we not?”
“Who do you mean?”
“Come, come Elvey I am not a dolt that I do not know what is in your heart. I can sense these things. You want her lover dead as much as I do,” he said lover in a way that sent spikes of hatred ripping through him like spears.
“Not true I could never hurt Leadyl,” he replied knowing that statement was partially true, he did want her lover dead more than anything.
“Do not play games with me! I can feel your hatred welling up inside you like an over flowing well,” the thing before him hissed angrily. Elvey felt a new kind of fear, a fear so intense it turned his mind and body to mush nearly making him collapse then as quickly as it struck him, it released him. “Enough of this, in a very short time a chance will present itself that could hasten her lover’s death and we will get what we want. All you have to do is protect Leadyl the love of your heart and let her lover die. The others can die too all for the better. Only then will you be able to flee back to her cabin in the forest that you love so much and live your lives in the peace that you desire,” the dark wizard concluded in a silky and tempting tone. Elvey felt his heart leap in anticipation at the thought relishing it with all his passion and hatred combined.

~~~~

An hour later, they were standing in front of a nondescript rundown warehouse in the south end of the city deep in the warehouse district. The outside of the massive warehouse appeared to anyone that paid close attention to it to be made entirely of aluminum siding including the roof. In many places, it is coming loose and one section across the roof was waving in the wind making a clattering noise as it moved back and forth in place. The front overhang is missing enough of the aluminum that it would not stop the rain from pouring in front of the door and getting anyone unfortunate enough to be there during a downpour soaked while trying to open the door to the warehouse. The aluminum is a facade covers a massive steel building keeping it hidden from prying eyes and those who might wish to harm its occupants.
The door itself is a wooden door with an ancient padlock and hasp. Taking a key out of his pocket Agent Smith used it unlock the padlock. Hanging the lock on the hasp, he opened the door to reveal another door this one made of steel. For security, the new door has an older touch screen numerical key pad that reminded them of the touch screen phones of the early twenty-first century still available in the local museums for anyone to see. Putting in a code number the electronic lock clicked unlocking the door so the agent could slide it to one side revealing another steel door. Amazed that such a decrepit warehouse had such elaborate security, they watched the agent press a tiny nondescript button on the door.  Silently sliding back a hidden panel revealed a hand recognition pad. After placing his hand on the panel, they could hear a small electric motor noise of the lock releasing and the door automatically began sliding to the right. When the door finally opened, it revealed another steel door this one with a retinal scanner he placed his eye in front of to open this door. It opened similarly as the previous door sliding to the left this time revealing yet another door.
Unknown to them a dark shadow moved behind them and to one side hidden from the streetlights. A barely perceptible movement, but enough to alert them to its presence if only they were paying attention to their surroundings instead of focusing too much on opening doors. The shadow or something in the shadows not only watched them very closely it scanned the surrounding streets and other warehouses for anything suspicious or threatening. 
By this time, the twins were grinning mischievously. The door in front of them is one of the early twentieth-century doors usually found in front of small stores. Made of nearly all glass with a heavy aluminum frame and a long push handle that ran horizontal across the midsection of the door it afforded a dimly lit view of the warehouse. 
“Ok let’s get inside we have wasted enough time. Who wants to go first?” Agent Smith asked nonchalantly. No one moved to touch the door because something was not right with this.
“What, no one wants to go first,” the other Agent Smith asked mockingly.
With a grunt of exasperation, Maiko pushed forward shoving on the handle easily swinging the door open walking through it and into the warehouse. Suddenly the inside of the warehouse came alive with motion, lights and sound startling them, the exact response the twins had been looking for all along. Following Maiko in with their mouths hanging open, they could not believe what they were seeing. These agents had access every super spy toy and gadget imaginable.
Agent Smith pulled the old wooden door to and sealed the remaining doors shut quickly walking up to stand next to them with the same silly grin on his face as his brothers. Steel doors around the warehouse were opening with lights coming on; a sound system is playing loud rock music from the early twenty-first century, and a massive Stellargraphic System illuminating the center of the warehouse floor.
Moments later outside the warehouse, a cloaked figure detached itself from the shadows walking furtively toward the old wooden door of the warehouse. Ghostly silent, the cloaked figure walked up to the warehouse door reaching for the padlock and hasp quietly locking the door. Moving back into the shadows it receded into the night as if it had never been.
Back inside the warehouse to the left is the newest armored personnel carrier on wheels with a laser turret in the center of it. To the right a steel door opened revealing an armory with many types of battle rifles from the newest design to some from the twenty-first century. The room right next to it on the left side is a clothing supply room that had every style of clothes imaginable for both men and women. Numerous styles of elegant dresses and expensive suits all the way to battle dress uniforms for most of the world's militaries hung neatly on large hanging racks. Walking forward in wonderment they looked in the next room to their right seeing foodstuff stacked from the floor to the ceiling enough to feed hundreds of people.
“Judith please turn the music off I believe our guests are suitably impressed with the place,” Agent Smith said.
“As you wish Gary, may I ask how you both have been since your last visit?” Judith asked in an equally polite tone.
“We have been doing well Judith and may we ask how you have been?”
“I am very well as you know. Your father and mother send their best wishes. They are wondering whether they will ever see the two of you again.  Does that mean you are about to expire or disappear like so many others that have come here?” Chuckling, they loved the dry sense of humor they programmed into the system.
“No Judith to both it has been a very busy time lately. I am sure you have been keeping up on all the news from around the world so you can brief us later. We need our specialist to get here in the usual timely manner. Can you arrange that for us Judith?” one of the agents asked politely.
Why Master Gary you know I will handle it in the usual manner and she will be here shortly,” Judith replied.
“Thank you Judith we always appreciate the help you provide us,” both replied laughing knowing they were annoying Maiko.
“You are very welcome Master Gary. Is there anything that I can do for our guests?”
“Open some staterooms so they can freshen up. Also, please do a local first followed by a nation to worldwide search about the recent mall massacre and see whether the news media reported similar attacks.”
“As you wish Master Gary the rooms are open and I will be busy researching this information for you but if you need me merely call my name I will respond promptly to you," Judith replied in a pleasant tone programed to be one of her characteristics.
Standing in the center of the control area, they watched as images of bodies began floating around the circumference of the circle from all over the United States and the world. They were all small incidents nothing like the mall massacre, but the same in one respect. They looked like shriveled mummified people reported to be far younger in age but appearances show them to be well over a hundred. The images kept appearing faster than the eye could follow filling the circle followed by personal data of the victims appearing under the images.
“Judith, could you provide us chairs so we may sit and I know it is a late hour but could you inform David and April we require food for us and our guests, oh and please apologize for us for the inconvenience?” Agent Smith asked. Rising out of the floor, comfortable swivel chairs and small round tables designed to swivel beside them appeared in the center of the circle. Taking a seat in the chairs provided, they were astonished at seeing the opulence and sophistication in the systems involved to make this happen so seamlessly.
“All right guys I am sure we are all suitable impressed. You have the newest interactive system with intelligence, and all the fun toys that anyone who wants to kill things could ask for not to mention what you have not shown us I have one question I need an answer to. Who the heck are you, and how did you get the financial backing for all of this?” Maiko questioned using her stern detective voice that works well with criminals.
“You asked two questions detective, we can answer that with one answer very easily Detective Nakamura we are filthy rich,” both agents answered the questioned simultaneously trying to annoy Maiko.
“Did I ever tell you I hate it when you guys do that?” Maiko laughed.
“You did now and we will take it under advisement, just kidding,” they responded at the same time spurring a round of laughter.
“You saw the room with the clothes in it. I suggest you go there, find clothes and shoes that fit that will help change your appearance. I suggest you pick out nice business casual clothes and don't go overboard with the quality. Use the carry bags provided to put your items in and be sure to get at least two complete sets of clothes.  Try on as many shoes and boots as you like but make sure to get ones that fit. The room is much larger than it looks and in the back, you will find enough changing rooms if you need to try them on and if you wish you may go to your staterooms to freshen up it's up to you. The food will be ready when you are done.” Both twins stood quickly walking through the images toward another part of the warehouse disappearing among more armored vehicles. Stunned at the abruptness, they looked at each other for a moment before standing to try on some clothes and freshen up some.
When they came back, they found the twins standing in the center of the control area looking at the images. They were both dressed in business casual slacks with dress shoes. They looked identical except in colors one is wearing a navy-blue button down the middle short-sleeved shirt and matching navy blue pants and the other is wearing all black. Around their waists, they wore black leather belts to go with highly polished black shoes. Maiko had to admit they were both very handsome and again, she reluctantly had to remind herself that she is a changed woman. At that moment April and David appeared pushing two carts one with plates of food covered with metal covers and the other with iced nonalcoholic drinks. The food smelled delicious and they were all very hungry.
“We took the liberty young masters and mistress to see what types of food you seem to like best and on the cart each plate is marked with a card with your name on it. If you do not want to have the fare provided, please let us know and we will prepare what you wish to eat,” David said with all graciousness you would expect from a court butler. He is very tall and skinny with his impeccably combed gray hair kept close to his head and clean-shaven face.
“Your choice of cold drinks is on this cart and you may choose what you want to drink. Our young masters said no alcoholic beverages, but if they change their minds we keep the best Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, and Reisling,” April said apologetically. She is short and portly with her gray hair cut close to her head and slightly longer in the back. Bowing quickly, they left returning the way they came. Realizing it is time to eat and their stomachs growling in complaint, they hurriedly took their food and returned to their chairs. Quickly finishing their food, they placed their plates on the cart and returned to their seats to continue studying the images. 
“We have a confession to make,” both twins spoke again trying to irritate Maiko and succeeding very well.
“We have different middle names so it should be a little easier to communicate from this point on, but it won’t entirely matter because all of us will be getting new identities,” one of the twins confessed.
“Yes my name is George and his is Allen,” George said pointing toward his brother.
"Since we are going by first names mine is Tony and my friend and partner's name is Chris,” Agent De Luca said pointing to Agent Markowski. 
“We don’t know much at this point. The agency is compromised, how high it goes we do not know, for all we know it could be all the way to the president. We also know by these images that the creature or should I say creatures like the one that attacked the Payne's is making its presence felt around the world and all too frequently I might add," George said getting right to the heart of the matter.
"A large contingent of enemy agents must be in the field to have that size of an expendable force to make sure you three did not survive. We know the president wants to see all three of you too so where does that leaves us?” Allen asked expectantly. The agents waited expectantly for their charges to tell them what they know each experienced enough to know that there was more to tell with these three.
“We have more information that, well frankly we really have not had the time to tell you,” Maiko volunteered defensively.
“We knew it,” the twins shouted jumping to their feet startling the rest of the group.
“Garrett show them the parchment and be very careful with it is very old.” While they were passing it around, she related the entire story from the first body found, the mall massacre and finally Bilgrammus’s visit.
“So Hreidmar is really the dwarf king huh?” the twins asked simultaneously irritating Maiko yet again.
“Master George may I see the parchment I believe I can translate it for you?” Judith asked politely.
“Why Judith we know you can we programmed you,” George said holding out the parchment as if to let her read it. A blue light came from somewhere quickly scanning across the page making it appear as an oversized image they could see. Quickly placing layers of continents on top of the imaged map Judith stopped on South America. Images of languages by the thousands flashed across the map finally changing to English keeping a perspective of the modern terrain she marked the cities in both Spanish and English.
“Great job Judith,” the twins exclaimed.	
“It seems you will need to travel to Venezuela and climb Mt. Roraima to find your lost artifacts,” Judith explained.
“I remember reading something about Mt. Roraima in school isn’t that where the inspiration for a book called The Lost World came from?”
“Let me search the data, yes Maiko you are correct,” Judith confirmed. “Actually it is on Venezuela’s border with Brazil and Guiana and you will need to go to place called Santa Elena to start your trek to Mt. Roraima,” she continued.
“We will need to add some special gear to survive in the jungle. We should go to the clothing room and get bigger backpacks and jungle boots I think we are going to need them, Judith when is our specialist going to get here?” Allen asked.
“Fifteen minutes master Allen.”
“Tell her to be here in five.”

~~~~

The crisp morning air had their horses frisky and anxious to be off when Doric, Dorin, and their knight escort were trying to saddle them to ride north. The twins wore their light chainmail over leather jerkins, leather pants and leather-riding boots. The knights looked resplendent in the burnished armor with their breastplates blazoned with the duke’s coat of arms. The coat of arms is a red dragon belching flames with it wings spread and its long tail curled under it legs. Mounting their horses their back plates glistened in the morning sunlight, as did all their armor. Each carried their great swords at their waists but they did not bring their lances with them. The knights squires were none too happy about remaining at the castle and as matter of contention neither were the knights for they had no one but each other to help remove the heavy armor.
Doric watched as the trader couple walked their horses out of the stable. He watched the young woman not like Dorin would although she is comely enough to look at that way; he looked at her as a warrior would an adversary and he was as sure as he could be that she is a trained killer as is her so-called husband. Not for a minute did he believe they were husband and wife traders simply by the way they carried themselves always looking at everything as if danger could come out of anywhere and strike them. Looking closely at the man he quickly noticed his cloak concealed a sword from the telltale sign of a sword handle high on his waist when he mounted his horse. Hiding a sword did not help him trust these guarded traveling companions. Glancing over at his brother he was right in thinking that Dorin did not have any interest in finding out who or what these two are, all he could concentrate on was the girl’s shapely figure while mounting her horse. Both wore wearing leather pants, brown boots and button down the middle leather shirts for the ride north. Doric had to admit the young woman did look nice in tight leathers.
They rode out of the town with Doric and Dorin in the lead heading north on Barge Road at a canter and after a time they brought the horses to a comfortable walk. Dropping back riding next to Orin and Sakura with the excuse to make pleasant conversation, Doric tried to determine what they were really where doing here and why. He felt certain he found the man that Bilgrammus was talking about having a sword much like Dorin’s and the one who probably killed the creature back at the stable.  Orin he saw wore the same smile he wore at the inn and he did not trust it then and certainly not now. The man is hiding something I know it, he thought determined to find out what.
“Good day my good man and good woman I trust that you are enjoying the kind weather and a gentle ride northward?” Doric asked pleasantly.
“M’lord it is indeed a beautiful day for a gentle ride with winter fast approaching these wonderful days that seem to invigorate a man it will soon enough be too cold for rides such as this," Orin replied equally pleasant.
“I see you ride armed with a sword and your lady has two handsome daggers in her belt. Do you fear bandits that much even in our company?" Dorin saw their expressions change from amicable to extremely cautious in a hare’s breath.
“Why m’lord very astute of you to notice that I have a sword under my cloak and that my wife carries two very sharp daggers at her waist. We always travel alone aside from the fortuitous occasions when a gracious lord like you allows us the protection of his knights.”
“It is our pleasure to be of help to a fine gentleman and gentle lady,” Doric said nodding his head toward Sakura cantering back to the front of the short column next to his brother.
“He knows something Orin,” Sakura whispered as leaned over pretending look under horse’s hooves. Orin looked at her acknowledging what she said with a smile.
They rode like this until the sun was directly overhead when Dorin stopped to water the horses and stretch their legs. The knights had to be baking in the sun with the heavy armor Sakura thought walking their horses under a stand of trees offering a pleasant area to rest for a time before continuing on their journey. Orin walked his horse up to Sakura standing next to her a moment before speaking.
“Something is dreadfully wrong Sakura I can feel it," he said sliding his hand under his cloak feeling the warmth coming from the pommel of his sword. Not waiting for her response, he walked his horse to where Dorin and Doric were standing with Sakura quickly following.
"M’lords we have a common enemy nearby if not right up the road around that far bend past that stand of trees," Orin said pointing in that direction.
“How do you know such a thing, is this a trap set for you and is that why you felt the need to ride with us?” Dorin asked testily not one for subtlety in these kinds of matters.
“No m’lord my sword tells me it is so,” Orin replied moving his cloak to the side drawing his sword halfway revealing its pure white glow. Seeing the glowing sword was good enough for the twins so they gave the order to mount their horses prepared for battle.
“Knights will ride in a v-formation and the rest of us will stay in the center. We will start at a canter until we turn the bend in the road," Doric ordered.
“M’lord what if our attackers are in the tree line next to the road?" Sakura asked. "Let me scout ahead it is what I do best." Doric saw something in her eyes telling him he could trust her quickly nodding for her to go. Watching her race off at a gallop toward the trees Doric ordered their column to follow her quickly at a distance-eating canter. Reaching the tree line, Sakura pulled her horse up sharply frantically waving them forward. Charging around the bend in the road ready for battle, did nothing to prepare them for the astonishing sight they saw before them.
Chapter 8

The shade had been hiding in the sewers for quite some time and it is happy, well as happy as a shade could be, which is not very. Happy is usually not a word you would associate with a shade anyway. To them if they have enough victims to satiate their innate desire kill torture and maim then one might use the term happy very loosely. This shade is no different from any other shade. It found itself in a sewer full of darkness and shadows with enough weak humans to kill torture and maim so one could say very loosely that it is happy for the present. The wounds it had suffered under the relentless hail of bullets from the two detectives and hurt it, healed it felt as strong as ever and ready to leave these sewers and do what its masters wished.
The creature moved through the shadows like a ghost toward the unsuspecting human dressed as a maintenance worker wearing coveralls sitting on the stairs eating his lunch. Enjoying his lunch the maintenance worker is blissfully unaware of the danger he is in. Silently in the darkness, the shade crept closer, and before the human could put another bite of his sandwich in his mouth, it struck. This time the shade wanted a clean kill, no torture or maiming the victim first, which in this case made the shade very unhappy. Within seconds, the blackness that is the shade slid over the victim killing him like all the others the shade transforming in the process. Quickly removing the victim’s clothes and shoes, the shade effortlessly picked up the naked shriveled body of a once vibrant human being now part of the shade as much as the shade is itself. Making its way hurriedly down the catwalk running along the canal to a giant bladed fan that chopped and mixed the sewage the shade quickly threw the body into the blades enjoying the grinding and ripping noises that ensued watching the blood foaming in the water. Quickly putting on Robert’s clothes, it headed out into the streets above no one the wiser. 
Robert was not a big man and to any that might notice him he was average looking with long black hair pulled tightly into a ponytail, with a neatly trimmed black beard to match. The maintenance clothes the shade is wearing were still clean enough for it to walk casually down the sidewalk among people without getting ugly stairs and wrinkled noses from the stench of the sewers. Shortly, it would be at Robert’s house where it would change from the clothes it is wearing into something business casual. Robert lived alone so there would not be a need of disposing of another body but on the other hand the shade would not get the enjoyment of maiming and killing somebody either. The shade had learned very quickly that it had to control its baser instincts to kill if it is to succeed at what his masters wished of it.
Placing his hand on the hand recognition panel to Robert's house it went directly to Roberts’s bedroom to change into a black shirt, pants and shoes. Walking into Robert's den it placed its hand on the hand recognition panel for an older style holographic communication system.  Images and menus began appearing a few inches away from the vertical glass screen giving it a holographic appearance. Using Roberts’s memory, the shade reserved a flight to Chicago summoning a cab in the process to pick it up and take it to the airport. The cab would be there in twenty minutes the reply said so its baser instants nearly took over tempting it to go next door for the pleasure of maiming and killing whoever happened to be there. At the last second, it decided it would be better if it refrained from doing so it would only mean more bodies to dispose of.

~~~~

A couple of days passed since his sons had left and he had a nagging feeling in his belly that they were riding into extraordinary danger. Duke Gawain sat in a comfortable and very plush chair but he could not seem to make himself comfortable, he squirmed and shifted around as he did in his youth while being forced to listen to his boring tutor except this time it is fear for his sons’ not simple boredom that had him squirming. The study is spacious enough to hold several chairs like the one he is sitting in with some scattered tables with candles and books on them. Tapestries direct from Tordar showing mountain ranges and vast forests with rivers flowing down the center adorned the walls made of stone. An elegant brazen oil lantern hung from the ceiling its shiny brass filigree sparkling in the light.
“My liege what is bothering you so?” Tyrian asked with a concerned expression on his wrinkled face entering the study with the duke's wife at his side both taking a seat in the chairs provided. For many years, Tyran was born here, his father before him had been adviser to the then-duke as he was an adviser for this duke’s predecessor and he knew Gawain would be his last. He is elderly in a sense of physical stature with his stooped stature but his mind was still sharp and thoughtful after many years of experience advising dukes.
“Please Gawain what has you so agitated?” Llyandrus his beautiful wife quickly asked him. Looking at her now it amazed him how much he loved her. She has aged much better than he her long blond hair full of luster and shine lightly touched with gray. He loved looking into her hazel eyes but now, a deep concern filled them, a concern they shared.
“I am not sure, I feel I have sent my sons into great danger that they might not come back from but I keep trying to convince myself it is not rational for me to think this way. I cannot seem to change the feeling that I need to be doing something other than this,” Gawain said forlornly waving his arms around the room in agitation.
“Gawain Shaylee rode out to go shopping in Brookmoor,” Llyandrus advised her husband. Shaylee is their youngest daughter and beautiful with her mother’s eyes and long curly auburn hair that had the same texture and shine as her mothers. She is tall and slender but with a lithesome body from all the years of trying to keep up with her brothers. Although very lady like in her mannerisms, do not try to cross swords or daggers with her certainly never words. She is very willful but at the same time uses more common sense than a person at her age normally does.
“When did she leave Llyan?" Gawain jumped to his feet in concern startling her.
“Why, this morning at sunup Gawain what is wrong?” Llyandrus asked quickly rising from the chair to stand before he husband with a worried look on her face.
 “I do not know my love. I simply have this feeling that our children are in grave danger,” he replied taking her hand his opposite hand rubbing his face at the same time.
“They are in grave danger your excellency.” Bilgrammus's concerned tone coming from the doorway leading into the study startled all of them.
Walking quickly toward Bilgrammus Duke Gawain asked, “What do you mean Bilgrammus?” 
“We must ride m’lord I have taken the liberty to having horses saddled and your guard ready to ride. We must hurry Gawain.”
Gawain ran to his rooms to change returning quickly wearing light chainmail over a sleeveless leather jerkin with stout leather pants tucked into knee-high riding boots. Around his waist hung a new long sword the best gold could buy. Llyandrus came up to him with an afraid look on her face hugging him careless of the chainmail that might snag her full-length green dress. “Llyandrus I will bring them back to us safely,” Gawain, said kissing her on the cheek. “Tyrian can manage I shant take long to bring them back I assure you,” he concluded quickly following Bilgrammus out.
They left the study running through the main hall barley noticing servants were hanging new wall tapestries portraying past battles, charging knights, dying horses and besieged castles on the walls. Oil lanterns burned all along the walls and the huge crystal chandler that his wife had received as a gift to her from the now deceased king of Riannon shown bright with its hundreds of candles sending sparkling light dancing across the high ceiling and walls.  Dodging the marble covered granite columns, they raced across the room, Bilgrammus surprisingly still spry enough to keep pace with the duke. Upon reaching the main doors of the hall, they sprinted passed the startled guards and through the main doors of the keep. By the time they raced through the inner gatehouse to the stables built against the outer wall, they were more than a little out of breathe. Mounting the waiting warhorses, and accompanied with his guards, Gawain and Bilgrammus rode around the inner walls heading toward the outer gatehouse.
None of them paid any mind to the hammering and banging as the forges belched black smoke into the air, the blacksmiths and weapon smiths covered in soot were hammering out horseshoes and weapons for war. The duke had put the castle on full war footing in preparation for the inevitable war that the entire castle new was on the horizon. People were everywhere dressed in working leathers carrying steel to the forges while others were carrying completed weapons to the armory for storage. Workers along the battlements are busy hoisting large barrels of pitch and oil placing then strategically along the walls. Women in their long peasant dresses worked as hard as the men carrying water and food to the workers shoring up the walls and mounting newly made mangonels that will catapult burring pitch over the walls and down on the invading forces. Between that and oil poured over the walls it should make for a nasty welcoming for anyone who would dare to attack Castle Qenildor.
The duke and his men quickly made it to the outer gatehouse where he quickly spoke to the captain of the guard directing him to send out mounted patrols across the countryside and to place more soldiers in town to patrol the docks and warehouse for anything suspicious. The duke did not know whether any of these precautions would matter but he had to do something. Making their way under the portcullis, their horses shot across the drawbridge with the clatter of steel armor and horses hooves reverberating into the barbican proper. Quickly waving to the guards they passed under the open portcullis, over the drawbridge riding past the guard towers quickly nudging their horses into a canter they headed north on Barge Road.
“Bilgrammus where is the attack coming from,” Gawain yelled over the sound of the horse’s hooves.
“Regrettably m’lord I cannot foretell that. I have the same unease that things are amiss that you have, and I have learned to trust my instincts and they tell me your children could be in danger. Shaylee and her escort will not be that far ahead for they will not be pressing the horses hard. Nothing will befall her m’lord. I fear most for your sons. May I suggest you send five of your men with five of the extra horses to catch your daughter and return her to the castle that way we will traverse through a threshold to find your sons?” They had left with seven of his guard and thirty of his mounted soldiers trailing additional horses.
“I will trust in your judgment my friend I truly hope we arrive in time to save them not bury them,” Duke Gawain replied. The duke quickly gave his orders as two of his guard and three soldiers' rode off at full gallop.
“M’lord I will make a threshold and trust my instincts not on how fortuitous we are and we will reach your sons in time to help,” with a reassuring look directed toward his duke he created the threshold and they walked their horses through it into an unexpected nightmare.

~~~~

The sun had risen as it always does in the mountains the sunlight racing across the valley floor as it rose over the tops of the surrounding mountains. Gilia was already up adding wood to the hearth and preparing breakfast for her husband and son still snoring in their beds before the sun had time to climb the highest mountains in the east. The snoring is music to her ears; music she would never grow tired of hearing and with one snoring son missing from the chorus made her worry greatly. She continued stirring a simmering pot of porridge thinking about her missing son. Her porridge is unlike any others, hers is better than the normal meal from grains, and legumes cooked in milk she added cinnamon for flavor, and dried sweet fruit that gave it a sweet taste that would stick to hardworking dwarf's ribs until lunchtime. With the porridge nearly done, she lamented that no one thought to make fresh bread for wiping the bowls clean. Before she left, she would see that the ovens are cleaned and fires lit but she did not know what good that would do because she did not have much faith in the men having the ability to make bread. She certainly knew her two could not and for that, matter neither could her third.
“Ye tois snorin' bears gie yer butts up th' day is a wastin',” she yelled from the hearth amply rewarded hearing groans of disgruntlement coming from the back rooms. “Come on ye men gie up while th' porridge is hot.” Spooning porridge into large soup bowls Gilia set them on the table in the middle of the room.
Dulgar and Hairytoes staggered from the hallway leading from the back rooms slumping unceremoniously into two chairs yawning and rubbing their eyes with the backs of their hands. They were about to pick up the spoons to dig in when Gilia stopped them. “Nae ye don’t ye unwashed scoondrels thaur is a pitcher an' bowl 'at has fresh water an' a bar ay soap go wash before breakfest. Thaur is a towel thaur tae dry aff wi tay' an' dinnae wipe yer hands dry oan yer clothes,” she commanded in that tone of hers that brooked no disobedience. This time not only were they grunting and groaning about the unfairness of it, they added a whole heap of whining in for good measure. Chuckling to herself, she thought about how much love she has for all three of her men and the fear she had for them nagging at the edges of her mind.
Quickly returning to their seats at the table they devoured two bowls of porridge before Gilia could get halfway through her bowl and with loud sighs pushed away the table rubbing their stomachs in contentment. Again, Gilia had to laugh to herself her men are so much alike. She looked around the main room and sighed wondering which family had owned this house. The design of the house is to her liking with a main room and fireplace made of granite; everything is made of granite she thought, with three bedrooms down the hall. The room is conveniently set up so cooking and eating is done in the same room, which makes it a lot more useful. If she were going to stay in this house the animal skins, mostly cattle covering the wooden floors would need to go outside and beaten with a stick. She vaguely heard her husband calling her name intruding on her thoughts.
“Whit had ye sae troobled 'at ye could nae hear me call yer name?” Dulgar asked worriedly.
“Ah was thinkin' about th' folk 'at thes hoose belonged tae an' how sad thes is.” Dulgar put his head down thinking about all the friends from this village gone forever.
“Ah know it is sad mom Ah miss mah friends tay but we need tae fin' Celedryl. Ah hink we shoods leave as suin as we can,” Hairytoes said trying to change the subject.
“Yer reit son we need tae be up an' about doing whit needs tae be done nae wishin' things waur not what they ur,” Dulgar added standing in front of his chair.
“We shaa leave at midday Hairy, thaur is still a lot ay doing 'at must gie done before we leave yer faither tae fend fur himself. Ah cannae fathom why we did nae bring more ay th' women folk wi' us tae tak' care ay ye helpless men,” Gilia laughed getting a light slap on the behind by her husband making her shriek laughing even more.
  The two men hurried to the bedrooms getting dressed quickly returning wearing leather sleeveless jerkins with heavy bearskin furs cut rectangular with a hole cut in the center for their heads, and a wide belt around their waists securing the furs to their bodies. The design would allow their arms to move freely in battle and keep them warm at the same time. Hairytoes had Orcslayer hanging from his baldric while his father had shoved a huge double bladed war ax in his belt.
Heading for the door, they waved to Gilia on the way out quickly closing the door behind them. Walking along, they noticed the air still had a chill to it, their breath clouding the air in front of them. Hairytoes noticed most of the snow had melted making the ground soggy in places. At least the cows can find what was left of the summer grass until later when they would feed them grain that will surely help them get their strength back he thought walking next to his paw.
“Guid day Hairy when do we be aff tae fin' Celedryl,” a female dwarf yelled down from a nearby roof where she is doing some needful repairs.
“Guid day Donella me mom says it shant be much past noon sup,” Hairytoes cheerfully answered. Donella is a young even by dwarf standards, with hazel eyes that sparkled with laughter, and long brown hair braided tightly into a ponytail.
“Hairy, when ur ye gonnae ask 'at lassie tae marry?” Dulgar asked quizzically.
“Ah well; Ah am nae tay sure paw. Ah mean she may not want me fur a guidman,” he replied blushing furiously a sight itself for a dwarf. Thinking it a very good thing, that Donella was not close enough to see him blushing he hurried to keep up with his da.
“Son ye hae much tae learn abit dwarf women an' whit they like an' whit they dislike. Aw women nae matter th' race ur hard tae know, they will bewilder an' beguile ye at every turn sae ye need tae be oan yer toes Hairy.” His father laughed at his little joke. “Listen tae what Ah say son an' ask 'er before anither does. If 'at happens, ye will never know whether she loved ye or not,” Dulgar continued heading directly for the cattle pens.
“Guid day Dulgar we ur gonnae need a lot more fence posts tae pen these cattle in an' tae sharpen fur th' berm. We could use more shovels if we can gie them alang wi' th' hands tae work them,” Mummbleflump yelled from across the pasture. Mummbleflump had his long hair in twin warriors braids since he left home and trimmed his once long blond beard close to his face.
“Look tae th' eest," Hairytoes yelled in excitement pointing in that direction. Marching in a long line a group of dwarfs came toward them their weapons reflecting in the morning sunlight.
“Can ye teel who it micht be Hairy?” Dulgar asked, noticing others coming forward to greet the marching dwarfs.
“Nae paw they are still a wee tay far,” Hairytoes replied. A few excited moments passed when Hairytoes shouted, “Paw 'at is Strongtooth an' his clan a comin' uir way.” Following the outburst, a murmuring of his name trickled back to the dwarfs coming from the village.
“Guid day Strongtooth, it is guid tae see ye thes fine morn,” Dulgar shouted in greeting.
“Guid day Dulgar it has bin a lang time since we hae seen ye. Hoo is that cantankeroos clan leader ay yours an' his sweet guidwife? Nae tae mention hoo is mah sister daein' is she beatin' ye about th' head an' shoolders like she did me when we waur kids,” Strongtooth yelled back chuckling as he said it. Dulgar likes and respects his wife's brother very much and would gratefully fight by his side. He is a strong and flamboyant dwarf with flaming red hair and beard that never went gray. His weapon of choice is the largest battle-axe any dwarf has ever wielded in battle. It had massive twelve-inch blades and a three-foot hardwood handle. Some have suggested the weapon has some innate abilities of course, no one can say what they are and Strongtooth has never been forthcoming.
“At leest once a day mah brither,” Dulgar said hurrying forward warmly clasping Strongtooth forearms in greeting. All about them friends and relatives were greeting each other in the same fashion creating raucous and jovial atmosphere for a time. “Strongtooth please feed ye men Ah am sure they ur hungry not having breakfest yit thes morn. Yer sister is back at one ay th' vacant hooses 'at we used last nicht an' Ah am sure thaur is still her special porridge 'at she likes tae make warm by th' fire,” Dulgar invited as they broke up with most either going back to work or to eat at the cook fires. 
Clasping Hairytooth’s forearms in greeting Strongtooth asked, “Guid day Hairy it is guid tae see ye laddie. Hoo hae ye bin since th' lest time Ah saw ye?”
“Guid day uncle Ah hae bin doing well an' it is guid tae see ye tay. It has bin ages since we lest seen each other.”
 “Hae ye asked 'at yoong lassie fur 'er hand in marriage yit or are ye still sittin' oan 'at stump thinkin' about it?” Strongtooth asked with a smile and a wink directed toward Dulgar who laughed under his breath.
“Nae uncle Ah am still workin' up mah nerve tae ask 'er,” he answered honestly suddenly embarrassed.
“Look laddie dinnae be embarrassed, Ah could charge intae battle an' fight orcs easier than askin' mah misses fur 'er hain,” Strongtooth advised him in all seriousness.
Walking back into the village Dulgar showed Strongtooth around explaining the layout of the village. Strongtooth was very impressed with what Celedryl’s brethren were able to accomplish since the last time he had visited. He had heard that it had grown into an impressive village very prosperous during the trading season. When they reached the front door of the house, Dulgar stopped whispering to Strongtooth to go right in and surprise Gilia. Dulgar and Hairytoes waited as Strongtooth opened the door quickly closing it behind him. For a moment, not a sound came from the house then a loud squeal of delight and pleasant surprise came from inside the house. They waited outside letting them reunite in private all the while Gilia is scolding Strongtooth for staying away so long. After a moment, they walked inside to save Strongtooth any further tongue-lashing.
In mere moments, Gilia had warm mead on the kitchen table for all and hot porridge for Strongtooth. Relaxing at the table, they enjoyed each other’s company chatting about the cool weather and other inconsequential cares of village life living in the mountains. After his second bowl of porridge and mug of warm mead, Strongtooth eased back from the table with a sigh of contentment. Gilia had to laugh all dwarf men are alike, at least all the ones she cares about.
“Mammy an' Ah ur gonnae find Celedryl, we should be leavin' efter noon sups,” Hairytoes opened the conversation.
  “Are ye laddie, 'at is fine 'at ye dae such a thing'. Hoo is th' puir lassie? Ah cannae imagine whit it must be like tae lose yer entire clan,” Strongtooth said sadly.
Hairytoes told him everything that has befallen them since the massacre and like every telling Strongtooth sat in his chair saddened and amazed at the story. If he did not know his nephew, he would think what he heard was nothing more than a fireside story for kids to enjoy before going to bed. To have people from another world come to Rhewan is beyond anything he has ever heard.  Suddenly, hearing shouts coming from outside, they quickly grabbed their weapons, and rushed outside, as a large contingent of armed humans marched into the village from the west. Bristling with weapons each carried long spears and enormous shields with massive broadswords at their waists. Dressed in short sleeve leather jerkins with knee length heavy chainmail, leather pants and boots these men are assuredly dressed for battle. The apparent leader of this group marched his men directly down the center of the village toward them giving the dwarfs the impression that they were not here to socialize. Not knowing what to expect, many of the dwarfs who had been working and eating formed up behind Strongtooth and Dulgar with Hairytoes standing next to them ready for battle if the humans so desire it.
“Guid day mah friends, greetings tae ye it is guid 'at ye have arrived thes day,” Strongtooth opened the discourse.
“We shall see dwarf whether it is or not. What has occurred here that dwarfs are living in a human village and where is the clan that lived here?” the human leader asked rudely with no pretense of a greeting. That caused some murmuring among the dwarfs adding to the palpable tension as the human warriors were fingering their weapons with questioning looks full of mistrust.
Not one to back down from a display of rudeness and open hostility Strongtooth walked right up to the giant of a human with his hand on his ax handle and looked up at him with an angry expression. The man is huge, so huge two or three dwarfs could fit inside him. His long blond hair pulled tightly into a ponytail framed the top and sides of his face with a neatly trimmed blond beard cut close to his square jaw completing the picture. It is his blue eyes that got Strongtooth’s attention most, for they held intelligence and intensity of a strong warrior that lets his sword do most of his talking. Strongtooth made note of battle scars running the length of the massive warrior's arms crisscrossing his broad shoulders confirming what he already knew. He would have to make this warrior respect him and backing down from him now would end any chance of doing that.
“Guid day Ah say again mah name is Strongtooth clan leader from th' northern clans an' if ye want tae continue thes conversation wi' uir weapons insteid of words we will gladly oblige ye,” Strongtooth brought the challenge loud enough for men and dwarf to hear. The tension between two became palpable with many murmurs in agreement from the dwarfs and grumblings from the humans with both sides reaching for their weapons.
“Hauld thaur ye blusterin' fools now isnae th' time tae prove who has th' biggest weapon an' strongest arm. Ah imagine both ay ye can hack an' slash with th' best ay them sae stand doon before Ah have tae whip both ay ye wi' a switch,” Gilia admonished them pushing her way between the two warriors who had no choice but to step back from each other of hurt a dwarf women in the process. That would bring them more shame than either would like, and since her interference allowed the two stalwart warriors to back down from each other, they were able save face with their men. The tension dropped dramatically as men and dwarfs chuckled at the shamed expressions on their leaders faces.
“My name is Bjorngrim we come from the next valley to the west and a little north,” he said in greeting handing his spear to one of his men reaching out to clasp wrists with Strongtooth.
“It is a pleasure tae make ye acquaintance Bjorngreem an' ye should be concerned 'at th' village is occupied by dwarfs with nae humans about fur they ur aw deid save one killed by orcs." Strongtooth let that that bit of news sink in watching the expressions change from pure shock to red-faced anger on the faces of Bjorngrim and his men. He sincerely empathized with them because he had already felt the emotions plaguing them now. “Ah am truly sorry fur thes fur we hud many friends from thes clan wi' nae one closer than mah friend Dulgar here an' Berek fur they waur bloodied together fightin' orcs in th' moontains north ay haur,” Strongtooth continued. Stepping forward as an equal, Dulgar enthusiastically clasped hands with Bjorngrim.
“It is my honor to meet you friend Dulgar for Berek spoke of you as a beloved brother and gallant warrior,” Bjorngrim said bowing his head.
“Aye Bjorngrim it is truly a honur tae meet ye fur word ay yer bravery in battle has reached our ears far tae th' east. Stories of valor such as yoors will travel fest from hearth to hearth,” Dulgar also bowed his head in respect.
 “Bjorngrim may Ah suggest 'at yer men fin' a place tae store their weapons in any ay th' vacant hooses an' rest from their trek through th' moontains? Noon sups will be ready before ye know it an' th' men can feest an' drink mead while we discuss whit tae dae next, an" we hae much tae teel ye,” Strongtooth said politely.
“Well enough Strongtooth my men are footsore from the forced march and a fight with a small hunting party of orcs days past that has left a few with minor injuries that need tending to. I did not know whether anything had befallen my friend Berek so I decided we would trek here to see if anything was amiss. I am deeply saddened by what has happened to my brethren and would be willing to listen especially over a cup of warm mead,” Bjorngrim smiled.

~~~~

Brokk and four of his comrades recently left a small human village nestled in a small valley between two massive mountains. They spent more time than they wanted to trying to convince the clan leader that the danger is real and a risk for them to stay. Finally, persuaded to leave the village began preparing to move south and to go to Celedryl’s village for protection while they could before the next storm set in. Right outside their valley high on the mountainside is a tunnel that travels roughly in an east-west direction for three leagues straight through the mountains. This tunnel built by the dwarfs from the distant past has been in use for longer than anyone can remember. During the trading season, it is a main thoroughfare for travelers because the mountains in this area are not passable. Standing in front of the entrance of the tunnel near midday with the warm sun glistening off the snow, they felt reluctant to enter the dark dank environs of the tunnel.
“Norelia ye leid us in wi' an arraw notched. Ah dinnae expect any trooble but tae be on th' safe side lets plan fur trooble,” ordered Brokk. Norelia tall for a dwarf has the inherent ability to pass through mountain terrain quickly and with ease, some say far better than the best scouts human, dwarf or elf. It is said by many she could see for miles with her intense blue eyes for which she would never comment on whether it is true or not.
“Blackhammer ye guard th' rear an' watch fur bandits comin' from th' side tunnels. Thrumbar, an' Battlebur bide behin' Norelia an' me. Aw of ye except Norelia grab a torch from one ay th' crates inside. Thaur shoods be enough torches tae be had alang th' way,” Brokk concluded heading to the entrance of the cave.
The group is essentially dressed the same but each of them had their weapon of choice. The standard dress is thigh length pullover short sleeve leather jerkins and furs with wide belts, fur boots and backpacks. Brokk had his massive dwarf made three-foot long broadsword made of heavy steel and Battlebur used a standard dwarf battleax with great efficiency against orcs. Thrumbar carried a dwarf made short sword that he used very efficiently for stabbing in close quarters like caves and crevasses. Blackhammer carried his namesake a massive black hammer that he used to crush things like orcs and boulders things like that. Norelia preferred her dwarf made bow. It took a very strong arm to pull but an arrow from it could easily pass through a knight's armor like melted cheese.
Entering the tunnel, they quickly used steel and flint to light the pitch coated torches sending smoke rising to the ceiling of the tunnel. Quickly moving in single file, they headed in a westerly direction. Soon the air in the cave became musty, with the stench of burned pitch, and smoke. The only sounds in the tunnel save an occasional drip of water and their breathing was the sound their boots made on the tunnel floor. Walking through the dark tunnel each looked with more than a little unease down the side tunnels wary of bandits lurking there. To ferret them out of the tunnels and switchbacks could take months and many soldiers so most time travelers provide security for themselves. 
Suddenly about halfway through the tunnel Norelia stopped raising her arm for silence. The others quietly moved up to stand on either side of her and Brokk. Leaning over she whispered in Brokk’s ear who quickly motioned for them to ready their weapons. With torches in their weak hands and weapons drawn, they moved very slowly down the tunnel listening for any sound. The tension is palpable thick enough to cut with a knife. If it is a very large band of thieves, it could mean their deaths and if Norelia heard something alerting her to trouble, there is a very good chance that it will find them in these dark tunnels.
“Thaur is a flicker ay light comin' from behin' us. Ah think we have bin made,” Blackhammer whispered.
“Alrecht we make a stand haur since they will be comin' from both directions. Quickly pit yer torches in th' wall sconces an' grab some from 'at crate an' light as many ay them as ye can. Ah want Norelia tae hae as much light as she can tae see by an' use 'at bow of hers,” Brokk concluded putting another torch in a wall sconce.
From both directions flickering torch light dancing sinuously on the dark walls flowed inexorably closer filling the tunnel with ambient light as the darkness receded from it. From their ensnared position, they waited patiently for both groups of torch bearing cutthroats to converge on them. The group from the rear is the first to arrive, stopping short of sword or ax range. Shortly another group of filthy cutthroats arrive from the opposite direction all of them a ruff looking lot with mismatched clothes, armor, and weapons with most not even wearing any shoes. The apparent leader among them arrogantly moved to stand a few paces in front his men with his had resting on the hilt of his sword.
“Ye sure ur a puir lookin' lot fur bandits. Ye must be th' warst bandits ever by th' looks of ye. Ah bet thaur is not a copper amang ye. Dae ye know ye reek worse than thes tunnel does in th' middle ay th' trading season?” Brokk asked never wasting a chance to taunt his enemies for enraged adversaries make mistakes. Incredulous the apparent leader of the group looked at them with his mouth gaping enough that Norelia wished she could put an arrow through it.
  “Brokk is that you?” a voice from further behind them in the tunnel asked. Turning to face this new unexpected threat from their rear caused a shifting of feet and more than a little nervous shuffling by the bandits worried that an intentional trap was set for them. “If that is you Brokk, your insults are a little flat with this crowd. You should have seen what they look liked from behind; I have never seen such a grotesque sight. They have holes big enough in their pants that I could see an arse or two through them, it is enough to make me hurl my stomach, and now that they have turned around, they are even uglier than I first thought. We should kill them all simply for being ugly."
“Aelfdane is 'at ye?” Brokk asked jovially.
“Why sure Brokk who do you think it would be. You know I am always around to pull your arse out of the jaws of death,” Aelfdene answered chuckling all the while.
“Hoo many wi' ye the-day Aelfdene?
“Only me, do you need any more than that?”
“Did ye brin' Deathsbane wi' ye?”
“Of course Brokk, I never leave my house without Deathsbane.”
“In that case jist ye will dae,” Brokk said laughing uproariously at their banter back and forth. During this discourse, the bandit leader had his mouth hanging open in disbelief. Finally, he slammed it shut in fury.
“Heed me you dirty filthy dwarfs drop your weapons and we will be nice to you before we kill you. If one of my men so much as gets a scratch we will pull out your eyes and feed them to you before we kill you,” growled the bandit leader.
“So 'at is the choices 'at we hae, drop our weapons an' ye kill us nicely, an' if not ye torture us” Brokk sighed. “Those arenae very good choices,” Brokk concluded.
“Enough drop your weapons and call your friend forward so we can see him,” ordered the bandit. Brokk gave Norelia a barely perceptible nod of his head.
  Suddenly, the arrow from her bow took the bandit leader in the eye with the tip protruding from the back of his head. Another arrow quickly followed the first taking a bandit square in the chest toppling him backward into a bandit behind him. The others quickly joined the battle, Brokk’s broadsword taking the arm off a lunging bandit, he immediately followed with a backhand swing easily lifting the screaming bandits head from his shoulders sending it bouncing and rolling across the floor spraying blood as it went. Thrumbar jabbed his sword into the thigh of a bandit while ducking the slashing blade of another he quickly lunged at stabbing him in the groin. The bandit fell back screaming in pain blood dripping from between his legs. When the other bandit bent to grab his bleeding leg in pain, Thrumbar stabbed him in the throat killing him instantly. 
Meanwhile, an inordinate amount of screaming was coming from the rear as Aelfdene and Deathsbane went to work. In a matter of seconds, half a score of the bandits lay dead on the bloody floor or screaming in pain with arrows protruding from them. Blackhammer quickly smashed the knee of a bandit then his head when he fell to the ground screaming. A bandit quickly cut at Blackhammer slicing a thin gash down his arm staggering him backward. Battlebur came to his rescue driving his ax into the offending bandit's spine breaking his back at the waist. Brokk sidestepped a wild swing from a bandit’s sword thrusting his broadsword deep into the bandit’s stomach pulling it out dripping blood and entrails followed by the bandit crumpling to the floor like a wet rag.
Suddenly, no bandits were left standing, either all were dead or they wished they were. Dispatching the handfuls of bandits moaning pitifully in pain, they looked among the dead for any clue as to why they were attacked other than for their gold or weapons. Gathering some of his good arrows, Aelfdene quickly joined the dwarfs racing down the dank tunnel getting away from the scene of the battle. Quickly reaching a small bend in the tunnel, they stopped for a brief rest binding Blackhammer’s cut on his arm. When they were sure that the bleeding had stopped, they moved swiftly down the tunnel in the direction they had been heading knowing there would be time for greetings and talking later when they got out of the tunnel and into the next mountain range.

~~~~

The specialist the Smiths used to change people’s appearance is strictly amazing. With the technology she developed and the newest systems at her disposal in the Smith’s bolthole, the disguises she creates are nearly impenetrable. Her greatest achievement was her discovery of Flex-Skin. She had been working in a dermatologist lab when by chance she noticed an unusual variance in a process they had been studying to cure skin cancer that got her thinking. She contacted her friends the Smiths and presented her findings. They were so impressed with the idea and being the entrepreneurs that they are, agreed to sponsor her in a private study.  Money being no object they built her lab and eventually her entire facility there in the bolthole. When she discovered Flex-Skin, it revolutionized the area of disguises. Because, it has become a very lucrative business for herself and the Smiths, the secret of Flex-Skin will remain a highly guarded one.
The facility is beyond state of the art because it is the art, a unique process not done elsewhere. A large section of the warehouse houses this unobtrusive but highly functional facility. The outside walls look like normal warehouse walls made of wood and painted sheetrock. Once through the main door and through the massive security process in place to keep unauthorized visitors from entering, is where the change becomes apparent. The control and viewing room is nothing more than a highly modified Stellargraphic System and a large window with a few chairs and a desk thrown in the mix. Beyond the window is the transformation section, a sterile room with steel vats holding recycled Flex-Skin. 
The client leaves all modesty at the control room door leading to a vestibule where they proceed naked into a small chamber, and showered with sterilization agents completing the first step in the process. When the process is complete automatic doors open into another vestibule, leading to a drying room where they are dried and sterilized before proceeding. The process uses fast moving warm air that dries them very quickly and once complete, they exit the opposite door, stepping onto a slow-moving conveyer in an open sterile room. The operator in the main control room can see them through the window and monitor them using the modified Stellargraphic System through every step of the process. The process uses sub-ultra violet scanners using various light frequency spectrums to define the process set by the operator as the client moves down the short conveyor.
While the client closes their eyes, the liquid Flex-Skin sprays gently out of tiny jets pointed at them from all directions similar to the old car washes from the twenty-first century painting their entire bodies. The Flex-Skin remains wet until the end of the process when finally cured to form a living breathing skin so thin that the wearer would not be able to tell it is not their real skin. The rest of the process consists of skin color change to the desired pigment, life expectancy of the skin is set, actual physical appearance is modified to the race they want to change to, adding body imperfections like scars and moles, and shape the clients face giving them a personal appeal. When the skin expires, it will simply fall off their bodies in the shower and since it is purely organic, it simply dissolves in water.  
For the eyes, hands and feet the Flex-Skin can make new feet and hand prints, and state of the art contacts for the eyes that work if needed that will change the eye color and retinal scan to match their new identities. The process of changing the hair color to fit the disguise is slightly different in that the hair itself absorbs the Flex-Skin. To complete the disguise the Smith’s innovative systems can create near bulletproof identities placing them into millions upon millions of records so deep that they would look as if they have been there forever. From the clients birth to where they went to school all matching the new prints and retinal scan.
Maiko looked like a Native American with her long hair, skin color and eye shape changed from its Asian appearance. To confound their new friends, both twins changed to African Americans with ebony skin and close-cropped curly black hair. Tony went to a Middle Eastern look hailing from Detroit Michigan, Garrett chose to have a French look because he could read and write French fluently, and Hreidmar went with the African American look instead of the Russian look first thought, because he cannot speak the Russian language. Therefore, with all their disguises complete they found themselves two days later in Santa Elena Venezuela staying at the Yakoo Lodge.
 The lodge is on a hill in the middle of the beautiful Gran Sabana surrounded by a forest of lush trees and a beautiful creek with a waterfall. When they had arrived earlier in the day, they had a beautiful view of the Kukenan tepui. Kukenan tepui is a tabletop mountain or mesa as is Mt. Roraima formed mostly of sheer blocks of quartz and sandstone that rises from the jungle floor to form a table. Circular cottages dot the property made of three to four-foot tall ruff cut stone with wooden walls resting on top of the stone and a wooden cone shaped roof. Grassy paths with ruff cut stone pavers lead to and from the cottages with palms and other foliage scattered throughout the area with many colored flowers lending to the rustic beauty of the surroundings. Some cottages had better amenities with thatched roof cabanas for relaxing under during the day.
What interested the travelers the most is the lovely cozy bar and restaurant set in the middle of the tropical garden. The circular design of the bar and restaurant matches the cottages with a much larger conical wood roof. One wall is open-air to the beautiful pool area and lush blooming flowers flourishing in the natural looking garden. When the breeze shifts the wonderful fragrance from the flowers wafts its way into the bar mingling with the scent of fresh food cooking. Inside the bar, tables made of heavy bamboo with plush multicolored cushions tied to them for comfort fill the open-air room. Matching the circular shape of the building, red rectangle tiles cut in various shapes and sizes added to the colorful interior. The bar is farther in the back with a second-floor balcony above it with a bamboo railing and support posts made of bamboo. 
Sitting at a table finishing the delicious local Venezuelan food like Pasticho, a delicious version of lasagna, and Polvorosa de Pollo, a unique version of chicken potpie shaped like a giant empanada they finally had time to relax from their hectic travel arrangements. Maiko not realizing she had finished her wonderful pasticho, sat there holding her fork in deep thought ignoring the boys talking among themselves thinking about her feelings for Hreidmar. Why am I acting like this I have to be losing my mind she thought, here I am in a tropical paradise with a man I think I am in love with and I get a separate cottage away from him? What does he do, he looks at me like I am crazy shrugs those big shoulders of his and goes to a cottage he is sharing with Garrett to put away his things. What, would he rather do more share a cottage with Garrett or me? More she thought about it the more irrational she became. Fine, if he would rather hang with the boys tonight than spend time with me I might as well go to bed alone she thought angrily. Annoyed beyond reason with everything, her new disguise that she could not seem to get used to, Hreidmar did not look right aggravating the situation and his newfound friends laughing it up with him seemed to imply he wanted to spend the rest of the night with them threw her over the edge. Standing in a huff, she stormed off to her cottage leaving Hreidmar and the rest wondering what had her in a tizzy. 
Chapter 9

Barge Road followed the river as it lazily wound southward and where the river curved the road did the same. On the opposite side of the road away from the river, sporadic stands of trees look like small islands of dark-green placed among the lighter green of the grassy fields. Deer and elk dotted the fields furiously eating the last of the summer grass before the first winter snow, painting a beautiful picture of rolling hills and vast grasslands. Stopping for a moment to rest gave them time to admire the picturesque and tranquil sight of the animals peacefully grazing. Holding hands next to Ethan and Celedryl gazing at the peaceful sight Leadyl and Mitch admired the grace and beauty of the animals and their apparent lack of fear with their group in such close proximity. Suddenly, their heads sprang up their movements freezing in place as if they were made of stone instead of living breathing animals. Alarmed by the sudden change in behavior Mitch felt something strange, something dark was fast approaching. Suddenly the herds instantly dispersed as if their very lives depended on it and rightly, so it seemed. A small spiraling circle of infinite darkness black as night suddenly appeared in the middle of the field quickly growing larger as the seconds passed.
“Form a half circle bows in the center. Be ready they will be coming any second,” Cormyr ordered. Following his orders, weapons drawn the half circle formed up very quickly and efficiently with Leadyl, Elvey, which suited him fine, and Celedryl in the center with Ethan and his daggers standing with them. Kneeling next to Aethelwine and Farwalker, Danielle and Celedryl spoke to them in the language of the wolf instructing them to hide in the stand of trees further down the road and wait for their call.
Rushing from the spiraling black mass were humans, dwarfs, elves, trolls, then orcs quickly followed by creatures on four legs as black as night with mouths full of sharp teeth and razor-sharp talons for feet and hairless bodies glistening with some foul smelling substance. The evil wizard that followed is average height wearing a black cowl hiding its features. Suddenly emanating from the dark wizard, a surge of mind numbing fear slammed into Mitch and his friends paralyzing them to their very bones. Shrinking in size the black spiraling circle disappeared as the dark wizard stepped through. The palpable fear this creature of darkness exudes is pervasive in nature, until Mitch reacting naturally to the attack struck with a powerful surge of love and pure light dissipating the black fear surrounding his friends surprising the dark wizard.
Suddenly a large wave of humans, dwarfs, trolls, and vile creatures on four legs moved forward like a title wave. Mitch and Cormyr with their pure white swords drawn waited in the forefront ready to meet the charge threatening to overwhelm them. Arrows from their group flew over their heads slamming into the front ranks of charging soldiers killing them causing the attack to falter as the bodies fell tripping the ones behind them. Two arrows from Celedryl’s bow slammed into the eye and mouth of a charging ork causing it to fall backward on a dwarf crushing it. Arrow after arrow flew into the charging mass causing confusion with one of Leadyl’s magic infused arrows piercing one of the grotesque creatures in the eye felling it.
Then they heard it, the sound of charging horses racing toward them with five knights in a V-formation suddenly slamming into the milling mix of men and creatures their swords flashing in the sunlight quickly passing through them sending blood and broken bodies flying. Choosing to suddenly attack, the hooded wizard raised its arm pointing it at the lead knight and his horse sending a blast of blackness from its outstretched hand ripping into them sending blood and gore over the battlefield killing the knight and his horse. 
Charging into the mayhem following the wizard's attack, Mitch and Cormyr lead the attack slashing with their swords cutting down the enemy instantly covered in blood and gore for their trouble. The enemy lacked any skill at arms and acted as if they were lifeless or controlled by something for they swung their swords wildly and without concern for defense. Blood spurting everywhere, Mitch and Cormyr severed arms and separated heads from bodies. One of the dark grotesque creatures leaped to attack Mitch impaling itself on both swords driving it to the ground killing it. They knew they had to get to the hooded wizard before it was too late, when another attack narrowly missed hitting Mitch.
In the field behind the enemy a circle of pure light with spiraling bands of gold, orange and red all spiraling outward like a funnel appeared and out rode a wizard carrying a staff wearing brown robes riding a black stallion quickly followed by more men on horseback. The attacking forces soon found themselves beset from behind with the wizard attacking the dark wizard with bolts of pure light from his raised staff. As their battle joined, the rest of the riders attacked the rear of the attacking enemy sending it into disarray. The fighting became even more desperate and fierce as one of the grotesque four-legged creatures pulled a knight from his horse its claws ripping into the knight’s armor killing him as he screamed in agony; an imagination infused arrow from Leadyl's bow pierced the creature's side killing it. An elf with a long sword tried to cut Mitch down from behind when Hobnobby covered in the enemy’s blood nearly clove the attacker in two with his ax.
Elvey chose this time to strike for he knew Mitch was not going to meet his demise this day. Running up behind Leadyl, he struck her sharply on the head with the pommel of his dagger knocking her senseless. Forsaking his bow and dagger he effortlessly threw her onto the neck of a fallen knights destrier jumping quickly into the saddle he kicked the horse hard galloping north on Barge Road. Cormyr seeing this quickly got Mitch’s’ attention. Handing his bloody sword to Cormyr, he ran to another rider less horse leaping into the saddle he kicked the horse hard holding on for dear life. He had ridden before on hunting trips out in the wilderness with his father but nothing like this breakneck speed. Looking back over his shoulder Elvey knew real fear watching Mitch steadily gain on him and as exhilarating as this race is one will die at the end.
The thunder of the horse’s hooves is the only sound on the road. Mitch's horse is heaving from the exertion but its pride made it race even harder to catch the horse ahead. Fearful Mitch could tell Elvey was having trouble with his horse trying to keep Leadyl from fallen off and keep it a gallop. If Leadyl were to fall, she would surely break her neck at this speed. Mitch could see Elvey slowing to a stop, quickly dumping Leadyl to the ground. That gave Mitch one more cold calculating reason to kill him. Slapping the horse on the rump sending it galloping off, Elvey turned and waited for Mitch to arrive seconds later.
Jumping off his horse Mitch purposely walked toward Elvey intent on killing him with his bare hands. Walking up to within a few feet of his opponent he set his left foot in front waiting in a traditional gyaku-hanmi fighting stance reverse half facing stance both hands up in the ready position. Elvey on the other hand looked insane; his eyes moving around erratically with a blank possessed look warned Mitch that he would be a dangerous opponent.  
Shifting quickly to the left Mitch forced Elvey to move further away from Leadyl’s unconscious form lying on the ground.  Suddenly charging with his head down attempting to catch Mitch unawares, Elvey tried to drive his head into Mitch's stomach thereby knocking the breath out of him forcing him to the ground.  Not having any of that Mitch sidestepped tai-sabaki the attack bringing his right foot back around to the right then using his hands flung Elvey flying face first into the dirt. Quickly jumping up Elvey circled to the left trying to force his opponent to move facing the sunlight but Mitch did not oblige him moving with him. Lunging in quickly Mitch jabbed kizami-zuki with his left then a reverse punch gyaku-zuki to the chest with his right sending Elvey sprawling on the ground again. Something is wrong he has to be a better fighter than this Mitch thought waiting for him to stand on his feet.
They warily circled each other again this time Elvey had a different look about him. He appeared more focused on Mitch, his body movements surer than before. Mitch realized at that moment the fight had changed. This time when Elvey attacked, moving in quickly with multiple middle level roundhouse punches to the ribs staggering Mitch backward in pain. Elvey is very quick and powerful with a body that belies its real toughness. Mitch quickly recovered with a forty-five degree roundhouse kick mawashi-geri to his adversary’s ribs staggering him backward in turn. Mitch quickly charged him with the intent to finish this with two quick front kicks mae-geri but Elvey caught the first slamming his forearm down hard on his left knee then flinging Mitch’s leg hard backward sending him sprawling into the dirt. 
Causing him pain to his injured knee, Mitch stood slowly to his feet knowing he was in trouble. With his mobility affected, he needed to make Elvey come to him thinking that he is the victor and be overconfident. Feigning increased pain and weakness in his knee, Mitch waited for Elvey to make the next move. The malevolent smile of victory on Elvey’s face was precisely what Mitch was hoping for with his deception. Moving his right hand to his side as if in terrible pain Mitch grimaced at the touch bringing a triumphant smile to the already evil grin on Elvey’s face. Sauntering up in supposed victory Elvey reached forward with both hands to grab Mitch’s shoulders as if to throw him to the ground. Mitch had other plans for Elvey who had far too easily fallen into his trap, faster than expected Mitch struck him with a right a palm heel strike, teisho to the nose feeling a rewarding snap as the nose broke spraying blood from it. Elvey staggered backward holding his nose in pain and rage blood dripping from his nose onto his mouth. This time it is Mitch’s turn to grin sending Elvey into a fit of rage, which would eventually be his undoing.
Mitch’s sensei always taught him that rage and anger with one’s opponent, would make it an easy victory for them and a humiliating defeat for oneself, exactly what Mitch was hoping for now. The palm heel strike was meant to enrage his opponent and it had the effect he was looking for. Charging forward with his hands outstretched reaching forward to throttle him Elvey made the last mistake he would ever make. Mitch moved his right leg back to one side and at the same time with his left hand striking Elvey’s right elbow with a palm heel strike sending his hands down and away to the left quickly followed by a right ridge hand strike haito to Elvey’s throat crushing his larynx. He staggered a few steps then slowly turning to face Mitch his face went from red with shock and pain, to blue as he tried ineffectively to breathe. Mitch set himself in a horse stance kiba-dachi, crossed his right foot in front of his left foot and side trust kicked him kekomi in the chest sending Elvey flying backward to the ground. Mitch heard the sternum snap as his foot stuck Elvey. Limping over to Elvey, he looked down at him with a sudden pang of regret knowing he was already dead. The shock of the powerful side thrust kick must have stopped Elvey’s heart instantly.
Mitch could hear horses’ hooves racing up the road toward him but he did not pay them any mind limping over to Leadyl’s still form he sat on the ground next to her. Gently moving her to make her comfortable it appeared to him she was merely unconscious with a nasty bump on the back of her head. He fervently hoped that her skull was still intact and no brain swelling. Placing her head on his legs, he gently rubbed her face calling her name. When her eyes started fluttering as if trying to open, he suddenly felt encourage that she would be all right. He vaguely heard people talking behind him but he did not let his attention shift from Leadyl. Slowly opening her eyes the bleariness slowly receding, she quickly recognized Mitch a weak smile coming to her face at seeing him with her.
“Leadyl are you ok, you took a nasty blow to the back of the head?” Mitch asked very concerned.
“Aside from a terrible headache and soreness in the back of my head I do not feel too terribly bad,” she whispered grimacing from the pain. "What happened?"
"Elvey hit you on the head with his dagger and tried to carry you off but I stopped him."
"Where is he now?"
"We had a fight Leadyl," pausing a moment dreading what he had to say next. "I am sorry he is dead," he whispered shamed at killing her childhood friend. Seeing the look on his face she took his hand in hers squeezing it gently as the tears trickled from the corners of her eyes.

~~~~

When Bilgrammus came through the threshold, he saw his adversary standing a short distance away welding its insidious power. Attacking immediately, bolts of pure light from his raised staff hit the dark wizard causing it to stagger backward. Stunned by the unexpected attack, the spawn of darkness, a human being now turned dark wizard raised its hands in defiance. Suddenly, a mass of blackness slammed into the staff shattering it into tiny splinters of wood that flew in all directions some striking Bilgrammus in the face while others struck the horse causing it to rear in fright. Quickly calming the frightened horse he brought it under control, meanwhile the arrows from Celedryl’s bow kept the dark wizard busily deflecting them. 
Thankful for her help he jumped down from the horse advancing on the dark wizard. Reaching the creature, he grabbed it by the cowl ripping the hood back revealing what was once a human or what was left of one who had made such a grievous allegiance to the dark for the evil power it now possessed. The dark wizards face covered in sores oozing a black substance, eyes or lack of them replaced with gaping black caves that if one were to walk into them they would be lost forever, briefly froze Bilgrammus in place. Suddenly a blast of pure light emanated from Bilgrammus left hand slamming into the monsters head blasting it apart, sending pieces of gore and flesh flying away from him, the now headless wizard crumpled to the ground dead. Turning suddenly Bilgrammus watched the duke, his sons, and Cormyr galloping north on Barge Road.

~~~~

The meeting hall is the largest building in the village with its massive mortared ruff cut stone walls, two large fireplaces halfway down each of the sidewalls and two wood and steel supported front doors and one at the rear. The roof was first made of thatch but since then it was tiled in granite over stout wood and the front and back gables are made of heavy black oak. The wooden stoop runs the whole length of the front of the building leading to a wide covered porch where men and dwarf alike are sitting at round tables eating beef and vegetables, drinking ale enjoying each other’s company. Where there had been tension between the two groups, none was in evidence now with many telling like stories of heroic battles against the orcs laughing at the tall tales.
Inside the main room of the hall, men and dwarf alike are sitting around the same round tables and wooden chairs found on the porch enjoying food and drink. Animal skins and an occasional tapestry depicting a battle with orcs in the mountains cover hard black oak floors and walls. Near the back wall is a long bar almost the width of the building save for doors on either side leading to the kitchen, storage rooms and the back door leading out to the baths. Above the two doors, stag antlers adorned the wall. Behind the bar mounted on heavy wooden racks are tapped kegs of ale where two volunteers serving drafts of ale and talking with the drinkers along the bar. Filling the once silent hall with merrymaking and laughter, the din is raucous at times, gladdening men and dwarf alike reveled in happiness where once this hall was empty of life and joy, the sound of goodwill is heard across the village. Strongtooth, Gilia, Dulgar, Hairytoes, Bjorngrim and his second-in-command a heavily muscled human with long black hair and beard sat at a table eating and drinking getting to know each other.
“Dulgar teel uir friends about yer plans fur defendin' th' village sae we may discuss how tae accomplish thes feat before th’ sprin' thaw?” Strongtooth asked after taking a drink from his mug of ale.
“Lang term we would like a palisade built aroond th' entire village but we dinnae have enough stout timber tae accomplish 'at. In th' meantime we ur diggin' a trench an' buildin' a berm 'at we would need sharpened poles tae try an' slow th' orcs advance. Ah hae a letter 'at Gilia will tak' tae th' duke requestin' supplies, an' materials tae be sent tae us,” Dulgar concluded taking a drink from his mug smacking his lips at how good it tasted earning a look from Gilia.
“A sound plan Dulgar but I fear it is a daunting task that we will need far more soldiers and supplies than we have to undertake this feat. In two weeks we could have more clansmen here from the villages but what of the woman and children, do we endanger them by bringing them here or do we leave them in the villages in hopes the orcs pass them by,” Bjorngrim questioned.
“Brokk sent word tae aw of th' villages includin' humans, an' trolls tae abandon them an' come here coz th' passes an' valleys in which they lie ur th' same passes 'at th' orcs will follaw tae come here an' then move soothward. At leest here we can aw die together fightin' thes scoorge,” Strongtooth replied with determination in his voice.
“Can we count on the trolls to come?” Bjorngrim’s, second-in-command asked.
“They ur a reclusive lot but if the orcs hae killed any ay them as they hae done tae us then they will be more apt tae fight an' not sit thes one out,” Dulgar replied.
“What of the elves will they commit any forces to the field,” Bjorngrim inquired.
“Brokk has gone tae see Aelfdane tae speak tae heem aboot that. Ah fear 'at it might be th' same as wi' th' trolls if they have not bin bloodied they might sit thes out in favur ay joinin' th' fight” Hairytoes said joining the discourse.
“It is truly a concern that we share and I know Aelfdane not well mind you, but I think he will heed the warning and join the fray. They have huge concerns with their fleet and trading as much as anyone does. Crystalwyn Island is impenetrable and it would take a fleet to take it but the inland villages throughout the Liewelyn Forest will be in danger. I do not think he will act on a whim but for him to fail to act would jeopardize his concerns the same as any of us," Bjorngrim paused taking a long drink before continuing. “My question is why all of this slaughtering of innocents? Why has someone stirred up the orcs so much that come spring the orcs would consider doing something they have not done in thousands of years risking the fragile peace that exists and move south? This could have simply been youthful orcs out of control looking to prove their mettle in battle.” Bjorngrim concluded looking around the table. Hairytoes took that moment to relate the story of finding Celedryl on the trail with her newfound friends from another world. As with every telling it has the same results, people are first wanting to disbelieve the story then are astonished that such a thing could happen.
“Thes is a distraction tae somethin' bigger. Th' orcs are tae hold us haur if not tae destroy us completely so 'at we cannae reinforce th' sooth against an attack. Ah think th' real objective is fur Castle Qenildor tae fall an' kill th' duke an' his entire fowk. Thes is bigger than us far bigger,” Dulgar speculated.
“The duke and his forefathers have kept us from cutting each other’s throats and even civil war among us humans for hundreds of years. You have Duke Unther of Faycastle and Duke Thoric of Whitepine Castle somewhere in the mix to be king if King Vanderghast fails to have children before he loses his head by a court assassin. As you say, Duke Gawain would need to have an early death, as would his entire family before they would be in line to be king. I do not see the aforementioned dukes wanting to kill Duke Gawain they have it too good. Besides, Duke Unther would expect justice to be served for anyone that would harm Duke Gawain and his family. So if not them who would want to be king bad enough to kill the duke?” Bjorngrim asked.
“Some of th' old stories, now they ur jist stories min' ye say 'at humans from anither warld will come tae our warld in a great time ay need an' thaur will be two 'at play a prominent role in th' fight against darkness. Thaur will be one 'at leids us dwarfs in battle bearin' Bloodaxe an' thaur will be anither 'at will be at his side as his protectur. Thaur are two humans frae anither warld haur 'at we are aware ay but whit their purpose is we cannot know but like it ur not th' battle fur th' south starts wi' us,” Strongtooth surmised taking a long drought himself all this talking was making them thirsty.
“I know the stories all of us do. There is one who will come and lead us humans in battle defeating the darkness threatening us, the same campfire stories we have told our children for well-nigh hundreds of years. Our concern for the near future is how to protect ourselves from the orcs and defend our families and villages. From what you have told me I can see that evil is encroaching and trying to gain a foothold in our realm and by defeating the orcs we will help defend the south against this darkness and our families at the same time.”
“Aye, 'at we will Bjorngrim. So whit say ye dae we make a stand here together an' see whit th' future holds fur us?” Strongtooth asked hopeful that Bjorngrim would agree.
“Aye, Strongtooth that we do. I will send missives to all the clans to leave their villages and to make haste to arrive here before the next winter storm comes. I fear they will either not come or not get out in time to reach here before the next winter storm.”
“Ah have th' same concerns mah friend.”
Shortly after noon sups Gilia, Hairytoes, Beldor, Beerthumb, Donella, Mummbleflump, and Rockspliter packed their things and made ready to travel south in search of Celedryl. The good-byes were a might tearful but at the same time, Gilia knew that finding Celedryl was of utmost importance to her, and no one could change her mind. 

~~~~

The sun had gone down and as her wont, Magna sat by the fire with her dog lying on the bear rug close enough so he could get the area behind his ears scratched. He is huge but as gentle as can be with her. She could put food in his mouth and take it out again with nary a growl in complaint. She did not know what type of breed he is but his large head with a mouth full of large white teeth, big eyes always full of pure light and love for her could be quite intimidating to some especially those whom he does not know. His long white fur, fluffy tail and a big black nose made him look as docile as could be but outward appearances can be deceiving for he could be as vicious as a mother bear protecting her cubs when it came to her. One special day recently when she was followed leaving Fort Blackshadow where she had been buying some needed supplies he proved his worth and love for her.
They left the fort at midmorning with her backpack full of the supplies she needed paid for with services rendered. Magna has special talents earning her gold at the best times and at the worst a few coppers with silver in between. She is a healer and has other abilities that in the eyes of many make her a witch. The soldiers and their families at the fort are pleasant to her but in a standoffish way that hurts her feelings. In the past, she has gone many times to the fort to heal an injury or save a life and still they mistrust her, none ever wanting to know her or get close to her in any way. One evening she happened to be at the fort healing one of the officer's children when she heard about a dance that evening in the officer's dining hall. Her mother well not really but her mistress who found her as a baby and took her in had taught her all about the court, how to act and to dance like a highborn woman of the court. Her thought was that someday Magna might find herself in the court and these skills might be beneficial to her.
When she finished curing the baby of a fever and gave her mother some herbs to give her with milk she decided to see what the excitement was about dancing and listening to music. That decision turned out to be a big mistake for her. She walked to the officers dining hall where the music was coming from tentatively opening the door and walked in. It could have been that she was wearing her hiking leathers framing out her exquisite body, and her long curly flaming red hair hanging all the way down the middle of her back or it could have been her pretty face that needed no powders or pants to hide the age wrinkles that instantly stopped the music. The partygoers turned and looked at her, the men in the room ogled her and the women glared at her effrontery for daring to be where she was not wanted. These corpulent and aged women with paints and powders have all utilized her special skills for one thing or another.
 Magna stood paralyzed and outta sorts not knowing what to do or say. The longer she remained the more embarrassed she became causing her face to get redder by the second. Then one of the corpulent painted ladies laughed pointing at her face with the entire room even the men previously ogling her joined in the laughter. The tears started gently at first then they burst forth like a storm causing even more laughter spurring her into turning and running from the hall. When the door closed behind her the music and gay laughter returned to the hall with no thought of her, and what they had done to a young impressionable woman.
  Magna’s cabin is around eight leagues from Fort Blackshadow far enough away no one will bother her unless it is an emergency. Since the terrible night in the dining hall, she is even more grateful for the distance. When she left that fateful morning after picking up her supplies from Fort Blackshadow, she planned to camp out one night then the following day look for herbs she would need for nutrition and healing. Not in any hurry, she casually walked through the forest enjoying its beauty with her giant of a dog by her side. The forest consisted of huge black oak trees that when the sun shines through the leaves it gives the semblance of black shadows during the day hence the name of the forest. Late in the afternoon, she reached a spot in the trail where a small freshet with cool clean water ran among the trees, and decided to make an early camp. She cleared away the undergrowth and leaves to make a small fire. Right next to the stream were some convenient rocks she would use for her small fire pit. Within minutes and a couple strikes with her dagger on some flint, she had a nice cozy fire going.
Her beast of a dog ran off into the forest hopefully to bring back a coney or two for supper, so she made herself comfortable sitting with her back to a tree when she heard a snap of a tree branch not too far off in the forest. Grabbing her dagger in her hand, she went into a crouch when she heard a voice from the forest telling her that they are soldiers from the fort and all they wanted to do is share her fire. When they came into the light of the fire, she knew they had other things on their mind. One held a crossbow pointed directly at her and both were leering at her with lascivious grins on their faces. The one with the bow told her to drop the dagger or he would shoot her and they would still have their way with her warm dead body. Deciding she did not have much choice she dropped the dagger hoping that her faithful dog would return in time to save her.
They moved on her quickly one grabbing her by her hair and the other her legs holder her down on the ground. Trying to resist she was slapped so hard that she saw stars to the point of blacking out. When she felt the point of a dagger nicking her throat she froze. The soldier holding her legs climbed on top of her and she will never forget his face with his smelly beard and rotten teeth as he bent and kissed her roughly on the mouth. Taking her dagger, he cut her wool shirt off her exposing her breasts. Leering and breathing hard from the excitement of seeing his victim helpless he slowly putt her knife between her legs cutting the leather ties one by one enjoying the moment. Suddenly, he violently ripped her pants from her body throwing them aside. Once she was naked, the tears started flowing from her eyes and all she thought of is losing her maidenhood to these to vicious scoundrels. The brute of a man stood in front of her pulled his chainmail over his head tossing it on the ground next to her. He quickly removed his boots and pants quickly followed by his jerkin. He knelt in front of her and told her she is going to feel what it is like to have a man take her maidenhood and not some young love struck boy.
Suddenly, a flash of white struck the vile solder sending him into the fire screaming in pain. The other solder holding the dagger to her throat released her in shock, which gave her the chance to roll away from him. Her ever-faithful dog struck faster than she thought possible and latched onto his throat driving him into the ground. The naked soldier stood in rage and pain from the burns caused by the fire looking for the crossbow but he is too late. When Magna rolled away, she came within easy reach of a cocked crossbow. Not wasting anytime, she pulled the trigger skewering him in the chest the bolt passing clean through his naked body. She will forever remember the look of shock on his face as he died falling to the ground. The other assailant was dead with most of his throat ripped out lying on the ground next to his body.
Hurling her stomach and sobbing she crawled to the stream to wash her face and get a drink of the cool fresh water. The cold water from the stream cooled her burning face and throat making her feel a little better. With her hand, she splashed the cold water on the back of her neck massaging the tension from her muscles. If anyone were to see her, they would think she was a wood nymph, with her long hair dangling in the stream and her naked body bathed in a shaft of moonlight slicing through the canopy of trees. With her stomach threatening to hurl again, she stood on weak legs staggering to her backpack for a change of clothes. Quickly getting dressed, she headed back to the fort followed by her ever-faithful dog. 
Shuddering thinking about that night and the nightmares she has because of it, she scratched Fangthane behind the ears hearing his familiar sigh as he is about to fall asleep next to her. The hurried walk back to the fort was surreal and she really could not remember much of it. Once at the fort, she told the gate guard who knew her well what had happened so he let in her in to see the commander of the fort. Quickly relating her story to the commander and some of his soldiers, they returned with her into the forest. Again, the trip back into the forest was surreal, torch light dancing and flickering across the tree branches, no one talking, a steady noise of heavy boots tramping through the woods breaking branches making a terrible ruckus and the occasional cough of a soldier breaking the quiet of the night.
When they arrived at the campsite, the commander believed her story when he saw the naked body of a soldier with his clothes and armor on the ground with the now unloaded crossbow beside it. One of the solders spoke up strongly inferring she lured them out here in the forest with her dark magic and killed them for the sake of it. Her so-called evil magic cured his severe toothache from a rotten tooth that had him crying in pain and he did not seem to mind her using magic then. The commander quickly shut that kind of talk down ordering his solders to take the bodies back to the fort. Magna returned about a week later for some supplies and the same corpulent painted ladies were whispering loud enough for her to hear them blame her for the deaths of the soldiers, she lured them into the forest with her magic, and her body with promises of love and she killed them.  Even the soldiers gave her unfriendly looks whispering among themselves.
That had been a full moon ago and there had been not one word from the fort not even to cure one baby with colic. Still rubbing Fangthane behind the ears, she wondered how in the world she had come up with such a stupid name for a dog. “Well Fangthane you do have a stupid sounding name but it is your name and you seem to like it,” she said to him even though he is fast asleep. “In the morning we shall be leaving the only place we have ever known, we are going to the court,” she said hoping that she did not live to rue this decision.

~~~~

By late afternoon, they arrived at the exit of the tunnel, at least from their prospective; others might call it the entrance depending on which direction they were heading. Carefully peeking out of the tunnel to see if any danger is lurking nearby, they cautiously moved out of the tunnel with their hands on their weapons. Stealthily searching the area Aelfdane came back advising them it is safe to set up camp. Finding a spot on the leeward side of the mountain, they built a warm fire they sheltered with large rocks. Factitiously enjoying the dried meat and fruit, they had stored in their backpacks they sat gazing into the fire each in their thoughts.  After the dwarfs had eaten and had a drink from the water skin, Aelfdane spoke first while corking the water skin.
“Brokk, why are you traipsing around these mountains?”
“Fur th' same reason 'at ye ur would be mah best guess.”
“The orcs attacked one of our villages indiscriminately killing adults and children in the northeastern most corner of our lands near the Dragons Bane River,” his expression went from rage to sadness as he said it.
“Ah am sorry tae hear thes grave news mah friend. Ah fear we tay hae lost loove ones by these maraudin' orcs. How did ye come tae know thes?” Brokk asked solemnly.
“I was making the end of summer trek to the outlying villages before winter set in and when I neared the village I knew something was amiss. The dogs did not come out to greet me nor was I stopped by any hunters. When I neared the village, the wind shifted and the stench of death carried in the wind. What I found sent me into a fit of rage that has me seething for vengeance. They were all there the women, children, dogs and orcs all dead. It appeared to me the orcs ran through the village killing everything and quickly moved on almost like a fast-moving summer storm.” Brokk could see the rage he was holding back hidden in his eyes.
“Aye, Aelfdane it has bin th' same fur th' humans an entire village was slaughtered. We dinnae know if any ay our villages hae bin lost nor hae we word if any ay th' troll villages either. Ah sent out messengers right after Ah left wi' word of th' attacks." Brokk then related everything that has happened until now. They waited quietly as Aelfdane digested the news giving him time to consider all he had heard, knowing that he might find it hard to believe that the old stories may have come true. 
“Mayhap you are correct Brokk and I am inclined to agree with you that this diversion masks the real objective to kill the duke and his entire family, a profound plan and it could mean that the king himself is in danger. If we cannot stem the ork tide in the spring what will that mean to us,” Aelfdane questioned.
“It would mean a lot ay our families would perish an' mayhap our villages lost. We ur fortifyin' a human village near Lochhurst Lake Pass coz we ur certain 'at th' orcs will mass north ay thaur an' move south through th' village come sprin'. We dinnae think thes is happenin' on a whim. Th' attacks we hae seen thus far were not whit ye would expect from th' orcs they were oan th' move an' aw of th' movement pointed tae th' east. Dulgar’s sons thooght they recognized some western orcs mixed in wi' eastern.” Aelfdane thought about what he had heard for a moment with the rest of the group choosing to remain silent while the two leaders spoke of these dire times. Blackhammer had long since gotten up to keep watch while the others remained.
“That would suggest, if you are correct mind you, then my villages and the coastal cities are safe from any ork inroads. I will agree it makes better sense for them to move north of our positions then in the spring move south toward Castle Qenildor. I will need proof of this to convince the city elders to commit to this endeavor especially from Westhaven one of our northern most cities on the coast. They will be very reluctant to support this effort if come spring there could be a chance that a horde of orcs is at their gates.”
“Aye Aelfdane 'at Ah know ye hae token say over th' cities an' especially th' seagoing elves from Crystalwyn Island.”
“Those pirates are hard to control at the best of times. The only way they would help is if their interests were at stake. There would have to be a fleet of orcs sailing southward before they would take notice,” Aelfdane chuckled seeing the image of a bunch of orcs all crammed on tiny ships barely staying afloat. "We should get some rest. Who wants to take first watch?" Aelfdane asked. 

~~~~

“Mr. President I am sorry to disturb you at this late hour sir,” Scott said formally. “Our agents have been compromised, well at least some of them have. An ambush was set for them but it seems they may have gotten away safely with the targets.”
Sitting in his private office near the family quarters in a comfortable chair sipping some hot chocolate with marshmallows his favorite since childhood near a warm comfortable fire the president is dressed in his wool pajamas ready for sleep when Scott barged in. He took a sip of his drink and felt the warmth reach his belly before he spoke. “Sit down Scott,” he motioned to a chair next to his facing the fire. “Neither the agents nor the targets were found at the ambush site you say?”
“No Mr. President, we found plenty of bodies, heavily damaged cars, and a half blown up building but they were not part of the mix. It appears the compromised agents knew exactly what the plans were so the decision secretly sending in a different set of agents as backup at the last minute turned out good. They are the agents that came and made the mess they did but on a positive note they killed the entire enemy force and we have identified the enemy sir."
“So our boys did it and they had no clue as what was going on?”
“They are smart and you know what kind of technology they have at their disposal, but I think the plan worked flawlessly sir. We have proved that we have a severe security breech and the targets will be safe for a time until we ferret out the compromised agents.”
“Splendid work Scott!” Scott smiled at the compliment from a man he greatly respected.
“Thank you sir, this plan was a joint effort and we did well.”
“Scott we have a high-level breech we know that, whoever is compromised knew the entire plan from the beginning to the evacuation zone narrowing it to a handful of people. Would you say I have accessed it correctly so far?”
“Yes Mr. President, er Walker I would agree with that,” Scott said trying to relax some.
“Scott my gut tells me if we start an investigation the compromised agents are going to know and cover their trail so I propose that we do nothing for now.”
“Nothing sir, you are going to trust your gut to something like this?” Scott questioned skeptically.
“Yes nothing for now. Scott, I have trusted my gut through most of my career and it has not failed me and if some decisions are made this way it is sometimes the only way they can be. All I want you to do is nonchalantly listen at the information briefings and report to me anything you hear concerning bodies and possible compromised agents. I want you to do this quietly; I do not want you to discuss anything about this to anyone but me. I will also be looking into it; I still have connections that might be able to help. In addition, I want old-style wall hanging grid maps of the entire world brought here and Scott, do not use normal systems or procedures. Buy these maps from an antiques store if you have to and bring them here secretly to me.”
“Yes sir, I will proceed immediately,” Scott said rising from his seat.
“Scott, get some sleep tomorrow will be fine.”

~~~~

Pacing the room he is in, Syran wore a path across the expensive rug brought in from Khull and as he neared the turning point, he would turn quickly and the wine he is drinking would slosh out of the gold cup spilling across his hand onto the floor leaving a trail of stains across the carpet. He had noticed recently that he has been consuming far more wine than he should but he did not care. Syran is wearing a black lush cotton nobles robe fully lined with burgundy fine satin made of silk and trimmed with jacquard trims. Under the sleeveless robe, he wore a white long sleeve shirt that ballooned out at the sleeves. His short corpulent legs looked as though they were ready to burst out of the rich silk hose he is wearing. On his equally sized feet, he wore a pair of pointed black leather slip-on shoes with the tips pointing up. Around his expansive waist, he had a large gold ring belt with an ornamental dagger hanging from it. With his balding head and age lined face, he looked absolutely ridicules in the outfit he is wearing.
Syran has been first adviser to the king of Riannon for as long as he can remember. Before the present king, he was his father’s adviser and since King Cedric his wife and daughter passed on last year from a mysterious plague, he has been advising the son King Renaldo. King Renaldo is his father in appearance, size and stature but as for the talents to be a proper king he lacked his father’s ability. His master's plans required a king easily molded into a puppet king and King Renaldo in all his ineptness is precisely what they had in mind. What has become problematic for Syran is the two most recent failures that have occurred that have resulted in the deaths of key individuals in the right places that have taken many years to cultivate. Years now wasted that would again be needed to insert key agents into positions of power. A week had gone by since those dreadful failures and still he had not heard from his masters directly or indirectly so he continued to pace the room fearing the worst.
The room he found himself in is as opulent and extravagant as anyone could imagine possible, a warm fire keeping the room comfortable and plush chairs to sit in but of course, Syran could not bring himself to sit. Pacing, as he is his legs would eventually weaken forcing him to sit or collapse onto the floor. The walls covered in rich mahogany polished to a brilliant shine match the beautiful mahogany desk littered with scattered parchments, inkpots and quills used for writing. Behind the desk is a cushioned black leather straight back chair made of the same wood to match the desk. Still he paced in front of his desk, unable to sit. Suddenly, a dark spiraling mass appeared in the room directly in front of the door blocking his exit. The dark spiraling mass spiraled in on itself and disappeared as a cloaked figure emerged in front of Syran.
Syran stopped pacing frozen in place the instant fear he felt etching his face making his pale skin even paler. The evil this wizard of the dark exuded is so palpable he could taste it in his mouth or is it his vile evil that he has tasted all this time hence the increased wine consumption. The minions of the dark were once humans that chose a dark path of evil and because of their choice gained enormous power, the same power that he covets. Peering into the hood, he could see nothing of the evil underneath but he knew from the fear gripping him that it is there its eyes boring into him trying to consume him. Retreating from the advancing wizard he staggered backward into his desk, his wineglass dropping from his useless fingers the fear so intense that he thought his heart would burst from the pressure.
“Again you have failed the masters Syran. Your latest plan failed miserably and it cost us one of our brethren but what of you Syran what price have you paid? You sit here in opulence and drink your wine and one of my brethren dies because you have failed so many times! You who covets power such as mine are not worthy of it! You will have one more chance in the spring to make amends to our masters. Your plan to bring the orcs south and kill our enemies better not fail Syran for if Castle Qenildor does not fall and the duke and his entire family are not destroyed,” the thing did not finish the obvious and the spiraling circle reappeared spiraling inward.  The spawn of darkness walked into it drawing it inward as it disappeared.

~~~~

Maiko awoke crankier than when she went to bed the night before. Again, she questioned herself about why she is acting like a pouty teenage girl. Then when she found herself in the Pemón village of Paraitepui thinking about hiking for days across a savanna, through jungles, and climb a mountain she realized how ludicrous the way she is behaving toward Hreidmar really is.
The village of Paraitepui has not changed in centuries with its squalor and thatched roof huts seeming out of place to her in a modern world.  The village sits on high ground with both Mt. Roraima and Kukenan-tepui in the distance. The vast savanna before her rolled out and away from her for miles stretching off into the distance. She let her gaze drift back toward Kukenan-tepui enjoying the view provided by the mix of clouds and blue-sky making such a picturesque sight before her.
Registering at the checkpoint proved easier than they thought the government officials never questioned them on the veracity of their credentials.  Their guide quickly organized their porters all loaded down with supplies and tents they soon set out on their arduous journey. Some cross-country excursions start relatively easy but invariably become very hard and this adventure has all the makings of being one of those. 
The terrain they are now crossing consists of rolling hills covered in grasses, multicolored flowers and wooded valleys mixed in for good measure. Wild life here is abundant and none of them were prepared to see grass snakes on the trail before they hardly got started. After they crossed these hills, the trail opened to a long stretch of open grassland or savanna that stretched on for miles. In the distance they could see Mt. Roraima and Kukenan-tepui with Kukenan the closer of the two with white fluffy clouds around them heralding wet days to come. 
After about four hours of endless hiking, they crossed a shallow stream with massive boulders from a long-ago landslides set haphazardly in place as if picked up and thrown to the ground. Their guide hurried them across explaining later that random flash floods from heavy rains further up the creek swell the stream quite quickly making the crossing dangerous. They certainly did not want an unexpected wave of water rushing past them knocking them into one of the large boulders lying in the middle of the stream.
With no rest in sight, they continued for an hour crossing another stream finally making camp for the night. The bugs were driving them crazy, between mosquitos, and what their guide called puri-puris it is going to be a terrible night. The puri-puris were especially nasty they would spit a skin dissolving liquid on their skin that itches and blisters for weeks afterward. When he told them that bit of news, they kept the bug repellant on without argument. Once they had a fire going they ate their food from their packs, rolled in their ground blankets and tried to sleep. It turned out to be the worst night imaginable for them; heavy sheets of rain drenched them flooding their camp thoroughly soaking everything. Fortunately, the rain passes very quickly through the area but on the downside leaving the air laden with moisture.
Exhausted from their first day of hiking and the lack of sleep from the night before and now the soaking rain they barely spoke to one another mostly good morning and a couple forced smiles. Thankfully, their extra clothes are safe and dry in their waterproof packs they carried. The guide had them leave their wet clothes on because shortly they would dry then become sweaty from humidity that followed the rain. Even tired, dirty, and sweaty they still could appreciate the beauty around them; tropical flowers are in bloom, birds, snakes and frogs are in abundance.
They had been walking steadily uphill through jungle growth, boulders, and slippery paths for hours before their guide called a halt. They would camp here for the rest of the day and after a good night's rest, they would attack Mt. Roraima in the morning. The area they were in had enough flat areas to set up tents so the guide had the porters set them up and with plenty of fresh water they cleaned up and changed their clothes feeling a little better about themselves. As dusk came, their guide brought their attention back toward Paraitepui and they were amazed at how beautiful Kukenan-tepui is in the twilight. It is no wonder the native Pemón call the tepui the house of the gods the view of Kukenan-tepui is astonishingly beautiful.
“Beautiful isn’t it Hreidmar?" Maiko asked walking up next to him.
“Not as beautiful as you look to me right now,” he said gently taking her hand in his. That did it, that one little loving statement from a giant of a man sent her screaming over the edge of the cliff. Hitting the rocks below she knew that deep in her heart, she is in love with this man and finally after torturing herself for days she admitted it to herself. Her heart filled with love for him and it felt wonderful.
“Hreidmar,” she said quietly looking up at him as he looked at Kukenan-tepui in the distance.
“Yes Maiko,” he replied equally quiet turning his gaze toward her.
“I love you.”
“I love you too,” he replied both looking back toward Kukenan-tepui in the distance.
The camp woke the next morning and made ready for the climb to the top of Mt. Roraima. The porters would stay with the camp and wait for them to return because there is shelter on top in one of many caves they would find there. The top one of the oldest geological formations on Earth is a mass of wind, and rain carved gullies and gorges with peculiarly shaped rocks and caverns. They looked up toward the top of the tepuis Roraima and wondered how they are going to reach the top of the monster looming before them
After a short distance, they crossed a creek then started the long climb upward. The terrain they are passing through is jungle covered rubble filled slopes that make it difficult to manage the ascent but the beauty of a forest of ferns, trees; beautiful orchids and dazzling butterflies make all the effort worthwhile. After almost two hours of exhaustive climbing, they finally reach a small milestone, the base of the cliffs. Inundating the area around the base of the cliffs is broken and crushed boulders with sparse jungle growth struggling to grow crushed between the rocks. The trail branches to the left at his point running parallel to the enormous cliffs and after a brief rest, they push on deeper into the dense but beautiful jungle shrouded in clouds. Walking among the clouds felt strange to them, and the cool air they provided was very welcome after the heat they have endured already. Suddenly, making it even more surreal, a brief shower quickly deluged them thoroughly soaking their already damp clothes.
Struggling through the dense jungle, they finally reached the higher elevations where the jungle thins offering a spectacular view of a massive cliff made of quartzite called "The Wall". The wall is composed of compact granular rock mostly of quartz and derived from sandstone by the earth’s heat and pressure. They continued up the trail as it meandered up then down to come upon a particularly steep decent underneath a waterfall that soaked them yet again. After the waterfall, the trail began to head steadily upward becoming more arduous the farther they went. The mountain climbers could feel it in their legs, straining their muscles with each step trying to keep up with their guide who effortlessly moved quickly ahead. They finally reached a point in the trial the guide called “The Ramp”. The ramp is a winding but continuous uniform slope that meanders between lichen covered rocks blanketing the landscape. By the time, they reached the top they were too tired to realize they had actually made it to the top of the majestic Mt. Roraima.

~~~~

The journey down Barge Road had been excruciating for both Mitch and Leadyl forced to lay on a horse-drawn travois for the entire trip to Castle Qenildor. The trip to the castle was slow going with so many wounded to care for along the way. Bilgrammus healed the most serious of them and those with injuries not quite as extensive had to wait until they arrived at the castle. Other healers would be available there that could help with the injured while Bilgrammus regained his strength from the exertion of fighting the dark wizard and all the healing he had performed. Nearly a week had passed since their journey down Barge Road, their injuries have completely healed, and they are feeling much better.
This morning they were sitting at the dukes table in his private dining room enjoying each other’s company while waiting for breakfast.  At the head of the table sat Duke Gawain wearing a knee length jerkin with the upper one-third made of regal gold brocade while the lower half in blue cotton velvet with solid gold buttons in the front. Around his waist is a gold ring belt with a rapier strapped to his left side. Underneath the jerkin, he wore a white soft cotton long sleeve shirt tied at his wrists and black pants tucked into his impeccably polished black knee high boots that sparkled in the lamp light.
The duke is quietly chatting with his beautiful wife Duchess Llyandrus. She looked beautiful in her emerald gown with its flowing fabric that gave off a wonderful sheen in the light. The long slender shaped dress with its scooped neckline showed off her still shapely figure making her look ravishing proving that she is still a very desirable woman. The beautiful wide trim on the sleeves and above the hemline with twisted gold and green piping on the scoped neckline, shoulders, and sleeve ends accented the dress beautifully. On her dainty feet, she wore black velvet slippers with a tiny gold buckle on the strap designed for both elegance and comfort. Occasionally, she looked over at her two sons shamelessly flirting with Danielle the newcomer to the court. This one is going to have many heads turning in her direction and some that will not welcome her beauty to the court she thought half-listening to her husband.
The duke’s sons Doric and Dorin are wearing suede doublets lined in soft cotton that lace up the center. Underneath they wore white soft cotton shirts that flared outward at the long sleeves and for pants, each wore sturdy straight-legged heavy cotton pants that laced up the sides and at the waist. Around their waists, gold ring belts carrying their rapiers adorned their sides. For shoes, they wore soft suede boots that wrap around the leg and lace up the sides. Everything matched except the color of their doublets, Dorin wore a brown one and Doric wore a black one, or is it the other way around, thought Danielle sitting between them on the opposite side of the table from the duchess enjoying the attention she is getting. 
Danielle looked ravishing sitting between two young handsome men wearing a jewel black gown made of two pieces the outer made of cotton velveteen fully lined with silk satin and the inner made of cotton velveteen. Underneath the inner is a soft cotton full-length long sleeve chemise. The outer gown laces up the front in a Y design where the inner gown shows through and pushes up her bosom. The forearms of the outer gown laces up to the elbows for a snug fit with the white chemise designed to pouf through the slashes in the upper arms of the gown. Her long blond hair lay long across her shoulders and back while her blue eyes danced with merriment.
Shaylee the duke’s daughter sitting next to her mother glanced across the table smiling to herself at the antics of her brothers. What surprised her more than anything was that Doric is actually participating in it. Normally, he would be above the fray when it came to Dorin and women. This has to be the first time that a woman has come between them, and she hoped it would not cause them any grief. She did not know Danielle that well but she hoped she would not play their affections for her against each other. If she intentionally hurts one of her brothers she would, she did not finish the thought. Who was she, to think she could do anything against this woman? How the world is she supposed to defeat her physically, a woman that can talk to most animals big or small, and kill towering men and orcs as well as any warrior. She knows she is not a slouch having to grow up with two older brothers not to mention their friends but realistically Danielle is warrior and much better trained than her, but that did not mean she would not come to her brothers defense if need be. Her father always told her to know her limitations and for once, she would certainly heed his advice.
Shaylee is striking; a tall girl like her father and brothers with long curly auburn hair and hazel eyes that always danced with laughter but could quickly change to sadness if something upset her greatly. Beautiful in her scarlet full-length elegant gown made of heavy cotton velvet with full bell sleeves and a generous full skirt with black laces up the front, she wondered for the tenth time, why her father insisted on a formal breakfast with their new friends even though they will be having a formal ball soon. He does not realize ladies have to have two or three hours to get ready making for a very long day when they have to get up long before sunrise. All she could think about was she could not wait to get out of this gown into her normal clothes.
Turning to her left to look at Shaylee, Leadyl asked, “Shaylee I was wondering if you would like to take Mitch and me for a ride later this morning and show us around some?” Leadyl is wearing a green full-length dress with a high neckline that closely fit here shapely body. The stylish lacing on the sleeves and back give the dress its elegance but not overly done. Around her slim waist is a jeweled gold belt she borrowed from Shaylee.
“What a wonderful idea Leadyl, the weather is still beautiful, it should be a perfect day for a ride,” she exclaimed excitedly.
“Oh, there is one thing Shaylee, please find an aged horse for Mitch we do not want him falling-off,” Leadyl said in jest laughing with Shaylee joining in.
Mitch on the other hand, did not think it too funny at first then laughed with them. Mitch is dressed in borrowed clothes from the twins wearing a suede doublet in blue with all the same trappings except he is wearing his elfin sword at his side. Fortunately, he found a black pair of boots that fit him for his feet were different sized than the twins.
Both Celedryl and Sakura looked stunning wearing their borrowed gowns of the same style but a different color. The soft silk floor-length gowns lace up in the back with a gold jacquard that beautifies the gown’s hem and cuffs, neck and shoulder seem all accented with a fine golden lace. Celedryl chose the light green dress and Sakura took the light blue one each very pretty in them. All the girls are wearing the same style of shoes as the duchess. Both Ethan and Orin appreciated the how lovely the two girls looked in their gowns. Wearing borrowed clothes dressing similar to the other men, Ethan wore a black button down the front jerkin with a white shirt and Orin wore a blue one with a white shirt each with their weapons at their side.
“Hey Mitch are you being made fun of again?” Ethan asked.
“That has become a normal occurrence lately Ethan,” Mitch said turning to his right with a smile on his face.
“Ethan, are they teasing Mitch again?" Celedryl laughed with her hand over her mouth. It had become a joke around the castle about how ungainly he looked on a horse racing off to rescue Leadyl.
“Yes Celedryl they are at that. You will not see me join in the fun because I have never been on the back of a horse,” he turned whispering in her ear thinking she would keep his confidence.
You have never ridden a horse before?” she asked with feigned shock loud enough for all to hear. The table went deathly silent with all eyes on Ethan then suddenly bursting out laughing at the shocked expression on his face. By this time, Celedryl is laughing so hard she is slapping her hand on the table suddenly embarrassed she covered her mouth with her hand laughing even more. Even Cormyr sitting next to Doric wearing his same cowl had a smile on his usually dour face. Hobnobby sat next to Cormyr dressed well, as Hobnobby but not joining in the laughter because dwarfs refuse to ride horses and many of them do not know how.
“Young man I suggest you see if you can ride with Shaylee too. I have the perfect horse for you to ride,” the duke said between fits of laughter at the thought.
“Father you have to be joking! The poor dear will die if a saddle is put on her after all these years,” Shaylee said with a shocked expression on her face.
“I am dear I simply thought of it is quite humorous.” The guests at the table all had questioning looks wondering what was so humorous.
“Father is talking about old Dejah the queen mother of the stables. She has given birth to some of the finest horseflesh in the area,” Doric spoke up proudly. “She is pampered and groomed by the head hostler himself who is as aged as she is. She will not tolerate anyone else grooming her. I think they will both pass on together.”
“No Doric I am going pass on before they do,” Tyrian laughed. Tyran is sitting to the dukes left at his normal place at the table. He wore a white drop yoke shirt with ruffled collar under a black doublet in regal brocade that laced in the front, black satin trews tied at the knee and black hose underneath and on his feet were pointed black leather shoes.
“Uncle Tyrian you have been saying that for as long as I can remember,” Shaylee gently chided him. He is not really their uncle but they loved him as such.
Gawain's father, who at the time hoped to fill it with children, first built the dining room that the newcomers and their new friends would soon be enjoying their sumptuous breakfast in, but as it turned out Gawain was the duke's only child his mother died at his birth. On one side of the room is a granite-faced fireplace with a beautiful black oak mantle. Decorative gold candleholders with white and gold candles line the top of the mantle. A burnished steel shield with the duke’s coat of arms a red dragon belching flames with it wings spread and its long tail curled under it legs and two rapiers crisscrossed behind it hangs above the fireplace. On either side of the fireplace are tapestries depicting colorful battles with knights slaying dragons. On the opposite black oak, paneled wall full suits of amour lined the walls resting on solid black oak tables. The armor is magnificent in that it is impeccabley cared for with not a speck of rust from the helm to the sabatons the armor for the feet and as far as the duke is concerned, there never will be.  Each set of armor five in all belonged to past dukes.
The main door opened and a young page bowed at the waste before proceeding smartly to stand next to the duke bowing again before speaking, ”your grace I am terrible sorry to interrupt your breakfast but I have an important message to give to Master Tyrian. With your permission, I would like to deliver it.”
“By all means Durin please do so,” the duke replied with genuine formality. The duke liked the lad; he saw some of himself in him at that age. Durin is very versed in the ways of the court for one his age and could go a long way in the duke’s court. He is dressed smartly in the dukes livery and always proper around the duke and his family. Shaylee knew without a doubt that he has an enormous crush on her and suspected that if he were a little older she might welcome his advances although he is not but a year younger than she is. Durin forever formal bowed to the duke who acknowledged it in return turned offering the missive to Tyrian who read it in silence.
“My lord it appears we have some guests that say they know some our current guests and they would like permission to see them. With your permission, I will be only a moment to ascertain the veracity of this and return as quickly as I may.” Bowing quickly to the duke, he left as quickly as his old body would take him following Durin out of the main doors of the dining room the guard outside the door quickly closing the doors behind him.
The family servants filed in with breakfast food consisting of huge bowls of steaming scrambled eggs, fried bacon and ham, loaves of fresh bread with creamy butter, bowls of fresh grapes grown from the vineyards near the castle and warm apple cider to drink. While the servants worked, the duke had said good morning and thank you to each of them. It is common knowledge that he knows the names of the servants working in the castle, if not he will take the time to know them. The beloved duke pays his servants well and does not allow any mistreatment of them by each other or any guests visiting the castle. Quickly scooping the wonderful smelling food onto their beautiful porcelain plates using the silverware provided, they quickly indulged in the wonderful smelling food.
The main door suddenly opened and Tyrian reappeared followed by a line of dwarfs. “Whaur is mah baby lassie,” Gilia shouted walking brazenly into the room. No one not even the duke would keep her from Celedryl a moment longer.
Hearing Gilia's voice Celedryl paused halfway to her mouth dropping her fork onto her plate with a clatter. Seeing Gilia standing by the door she quickly stood nearly knocking over her straight back chair going to her. The instant rush of emotion at seeing her was the catalyst releasing all her pent-up emotions and grief like a damn bursting, a flood of emotion welled up in her turning into a flood tears. Staggering the few feet to reach Gilia, she fell to her knees in front of her blinded with tears sobbing uncontrollably. With tears in her eyes, Gilia took her in her strong arms holding her tightly. At this show of sadness and loss not one person in the room, including the duke and duchess remained dry eyed. After a few moments, Celedryl began to calm under the gentle caresses and soothing tone of a mother that loves her. With Ethan’s help, she is soon standing regaining some of her composure. Taking her hands in his Ethan kissed her gently on the cheek escorting her back to her chair.
“Celedryl mah bonnie daughter ye must tell me abit thes handsome young man 'at seems loove ye sae,” Gilia broke the silence with a joyful expression on her face.
“That I will mom at the first opportunity,” she said with a knowing smile. “M’lord and lady I sincerely apologize for my unseemly behavior,” she quickly curtsied before retaking her seat. Ethan quickly sat next to her and Sakura realizing she might want Gilia to sit next to her picked up her plate and moved to the other side of Orin so she could join her.
“Nonsense my dear after the tragic events of the recent past it is truly understandable how you feel and all of us join you in your grief,” Duchess Llyandrus spoke up immediately. “Please all take a sit at the table we shall have more food brought out I am sure you are all hungry please, please sit” the duchess graciously gestured for them to sit. The newcomers to the breakfast quickly found a place at the table and in mere moments, a group of servants brought additional place settings for the newcomers quickly followed by another group bringing out more of the same food already on the table.
“Gilia it so nice to see you again, how is that handsome man of yours doing these days?” Llyandrus asked with a smile.
“Llyandrus, he is as stoaner headed as always. Nae matter hoo mony times Ah crack heem oan th' heed he still does not listen,” she replied with a laugh and that had Celedryl smiling bringing smiles to the rest of the table as a result.
“Aye mom but noo ye hae three tae crack oan th' heed an' ye are in need ay a stooter stick coz yours keeps a breakin',” Hobnobby laughed as did the entire table.
They were finishing breakfast when Bilgrammus walked in unannounced quite the norm so no one really noticed or took offense including the duke and duchess. Llyandrus had finished eating so she grabbed all the women at the table rushing them all to her rooms to chat about what women always chat about, men. Passing the duke Gilia told him she had a missive from Dulgar that he graciously received assuring her that he would read it now. Bilgrammus sat in Llyandrus’s seat next to the duke. “Good morning m’lord I trust your breakfast was to your liking?” Bilgrammus asked politely.
“What is wrong Bilgrammus that you are up so uncharastically early in the morning?” Breaking the wax seal to the missive, Gawain quickly read the missive and set it down on the table next to his plate giving his full attention to Bilgrammus.
“M’lord events are fast taking shape leading me to believe that we are on the brink of an invasion the likes we have not seen for centuries. The incursions by the evil ones minions, the attempt on people’s lives all have meaning. I fear with this increase of activity that our fears are valid enough and the decision to gird for war was the correct one to make.” Gawain picked up the missive scanned it again and set it back down on the table before speaking.
“The word from Dulgar is grim and confirms what we already know. He is requesting aid in the form of wood, fresh cut timber to make a palisade, digging implements, and laborers to help. He strongly believes the orcs will move south in the spring and they will come through Celedryl’s village, now we know why the people of her village were massacred. I agree with Dulgar’s assessment, the orcs are manipulated by outside forces; these forces are impelling them to act in this fashion. Who is the question and what will be gained from all of this?”
“M’lord if I may?” Orin asked, seeing the duke nod his head he continued. ”Sakura and I have insight into many things that might help. May I suggest a private meeting later in the day while our friends are out riding?”
“A great suggestion Orin for I too wish to talk to you and Sakura.  Tyrian, please cancel all my meetings today with the nobles, and merchants and give them my sincerest apology. Schedule a meeting with Orin and Sakura for later this morning and notify my captains they must be at this meeting.”
Chapter 10

Magna had left her home five days ago and on the morning of the fifth day, she woke at the Wayfarer Inn in Highmeadow Village. The relatively clean bug free room only cost a few coppers a night with a straw mattress resting on a wood frame bed did not remind her of home but comfortable nonetheless. With a sigh, she sat up throwing the blanket from her stretching her arms as high as she could yawning as if she had not slept all night. Swinging her legs over the side of the bed, she slipped on her boots yawning expansively. It seems she must have spent a restless night to be this tired first thing in the morning, sighing again, she got up and poured fresh water into a bowl sitting on a small table picked up a bar of soap and washed her face. The soap she is using to wash her face and hands is scented but smelled of cheap perfume and oils found in some bathhouses. Not that she had ever been to any of those places. Drying herself with a surprisingly clean hand towel, she laughed thinking that when she leaves this morning she will smell like a cheap whore.
She had slept in her travel clothes so she tightened the bronze ring belt around her waist securing her dagger, grabbed her backpack and left the room with Fangthane following her. The night before the innkeeper was not about to let her bring the dog inside but for a few extra coppers the innkeeper reluctantly agreed to let the dog stay the night inside. When he saw the dog was not going to bother any of his patrons he offered a large bone with meat still on it for a copper to feed him. She paid him the copper and he lay on the floor of the main room gnawing on it until she finished her meal.
Walking the short distance to the wooden stairs, she proceeded down them to the main floor. Standing at the bottom of the stairs, she looked about the room. Scattered around the main floor, dozens of tables and chairs with a few patrons sitting at them already drinking filled the room. Behind her to the left is the bar with kegs of ale on each corner and stools neatly lining the front of the bar. The dirty windows let in streamers of filtered morning sunlight filled with dust motes floating lazily in the air. Farther to the left, is a doorway leading to the kitchen nestled below the rooms above on the second floor. Glancing in that direction she wondered if she might get another bone for Fangthane and some fresh bread. Sighing she decided against it and headed for the main exit to explore the town.
Once outside, she looked up and down the dusty street. A woman in a homespun smock with a rope belt around her waist struggled mightily to push a wooden wheelbarrow filled with bags of white flour from the mill on the other side of village up the street in her direction presumably headed to the bakery. Watching her for a moment she felt hallow inside, realizing something is missing in her life but she could not quite put her finger on it. Could it be love and companionship she so desperately needed? A vital part of me missing but what is it, what could be missing from my life that has me feeling this way she asked herself. 
Indecisively waiting for a moment, she could smell the wonderful aroma of fresh bread baking in the nearby bakery trying to decide whether she should walk to the one farther down the street on the left but, as with the inn, they were more for the wealthy than for someone like her. What interested her most, is the apothecary also down the street on the left thinking they might provide some herbs that she might need that do not grow in this area. Growling suddenly her stomach reminded her how hungry she is. Her decision made, she crossed the dusty street heading for the bakery, determined to satisfy her hunger issues so her stomach would leave her alone.
In this part of town, many of the wooden buildings have their roofs coated with dried pitch to seal them from the rain making them hot and miserable in the summertime. Walking up the front stoop to the porch, she saw a single wooden door open to the public. Signaling to Fangthane stay put, she entered the bakery and the first thing that caught her eye is the fresh loaves of bread sitting on cooling tables. Working in front of the hot ovens a short corpulent middle-aged woman was taking more bread out of the ovens to cool. When she finished, she turned with a near toothless smile in greeting. Covered in flour and yeast her apron not helping protect her long peasant smock she is the embodiment of what a baker would look like.
“Good day m’lady what can I help ye with this fine morn?" she asked pleasantly.
“Two loaves of your fine smelling bread for the road and one to eat now if I may,” Magda responded politely. The woman smiled even wider exposing her rotting teeth that almost caused Magna to wince when she saw them. Taking the two paraffin wrapped loaves she gently put them in her backpack and tied it shut. She opened a small side pouch and retrieved the coppers necessary to pay for the loaves of bread. Slinging the backpack over her shoulders, she took the additional proffered loaf and headed for the door thanking the baker on the way out. Returning outside, she gave a piece of bread to Fangthane and headed up the street to the apothecary.
Walking up the street, her feet stirred up puffs of dust that gently swirled in the morning breeze like miniature sandstorms. The sky is cloudless due west but more to the north, northwest is different story with numerous clouds building up that might eventually bring some rain to this parched area. Walking down the street, chewing her bread the smell of the bakery gave way to the smell of the stable mixed with the forge smells from the armorer. Braking off another piece of bread, she tossed it to Fangthane who caught in the air quickly swallowing it without chewing.  Passing the stables, she could see number of horses with their heads sticking out of the stalls watching her and her dog pass them. Reaching blacksmith shop, she saw him stoking his fires to prepare for a long day plying his trade. Seeing the apothecary across the street, she angled toward it in anticipation.
One of the larger buildings on the street the apothecary has the same front stoop and a porch as the posh inn with two double wooden doors open inviting people to enter. She could not imagine there being much business in this town for the apothecary but one could never tell.  Walking closer, she felt something awry and with every step, she knew something was very wrong. Strange I did not feel this last night when I was looking in the window she thought trying to move a step closer. Suddenly, she felt fear; fear so palpable her stomach threatening to hurl its contents. Even Fangthane had a frightened look on his face with his long tail starting to go between his legs. She has never seen him act frightened like this especially coming from a dog that faced down a she bear with cubs.
“You feel it too do ya?” Taken completely by surprise both her and Fangthane spun toward the sound of a voice behind them. Twice in a few moments she has seen her dog act strangely and Magda did not like it one bit. Standing across the street in front of a vacant building leaning on his staff stood a nondescript young man with shoulder length straight black hair parted down the middle, astonishingly light blue eyes, a small slender nose but with a firm jawline that had a sprinkling of beard growing. He is dressed in black wool pants tucked into calf high boots, a gold ring belt with a large dagger on his right side and a long sleeve white shirt accenting his black hair.
“What do you mean?” Magda asked skeptically admiring the way his hair looked laying across his shoulders.
“The closer you get to the entrance of the apothecary does it feel like your stomach is going to hurl it contents?”
“Why yes it does,” she replied moving a little closer to him but keeping her hand near her dagger. She could tell Fangthane is enormously pleased to be moving away from the doorway to the apothecary.
“My name is Thoryn what do you go by?” he asked pleasantly. On first impression, Thoryn looked young but sometimes age and appearance is misnomer with wizards.
   “My name is Magda and my dogs name is Fangthane,” she replied walking up the stoop and into the shade of the porch.
“Sure is a funny name for a dog. How did you come up with Fangthane?” he asked humorously.
“I was calling out names to him and when I said Fangthane he wagged his tail kind of like what he doing now, so the name stuck and you are right it is a funny name for a dog.”
“Would you like to go for a walk, I assure you I mean you no harm?” he said hurriedly with a worried look on his face.
“Before we go, I have a question for you. How is it we could not see you when we walked right passed you?”
“You did see us standing here,” he laughed at the doubtful expression on her face. “No really you did but I have this innate talent of changing perceptions of what people see. At the best of times, it is hard to explain. My special ability to blend in is similar to how a mirror reflects an image of what you see and if someone covers the mirror you no longer see the reflection it is the same with me I cover my reflection until I want someone to see me. I am sorry it is much too difficult to explain,” he said apologetically when she looked at him askance.
“What about my dog’s sense of smell how come he could not smell you?” Magna asked, thinking she cornered him.
“That’s the only drawback, he did smell me. The wind is wafting up and down the street mixing with all the human smells, food, and smoke he was not able put it together because he did not have his sense of sight. Right outside the village on the right side of the road is a little stand of trees with a little stream bubbling up with fresh cold-water and plenty shade to talk in. Would you like to go there, my intensions are honorable?” again he quickly added embarrassed.
“That sounds wonderful I have a loaf of bread we can share and you can explain to me what is amiss with the apothecary.” They walked not saying anything until they reached the stand of trees. She is pleasantly surprised at the cool breeze blowing through the oak trees and the tinkling sound the water made as it flowed up and out of a hole in the ground over some rocks and through the trees. Magda unslung her pack setting it on the ground sitting next to the stream. Leaning his staff on a rock next to her, Thoryn casually moved a few sticks and small rocks clearing a spot next to her making it comfortable for him to sit. Reaching in her pack, she took out two tin cups and tossed them to Thoryn to fill from the stream. She broke the bread in thirds giving all three of them a piece of it. Sitting for a few moments enjoying the still warm bread, Magda relaxed feeling quite comfortable around this enigmatic young man sitting next to her.
“Can we try something so you can get a better understanding of what is in the apothecary?’
“What is it you want to try?” Magda asked cautiously.
“Magda you have the innate ability to sense good and evil. The reason you could sense the wizard in the apothecary is that it exudes evil and does not care if it does because it is very powerful disdainful of others. Therefore, anyone with the ability cannot help but feel its presence. This thing was once a living breathing human and in a sense is still human in body but not mind so I probably should not call it a wizard though it was once. The once human is so diseased with evil its mind is no longer that of a human. The reason I am here is to find creatures like this and slay them for they are spies and this one runs a network of them right out of the apothecary. I came here to defeat it but when I got here, I realized very quickly that I am not powerful enough. For days I have been watching it and because of its ostentatious self-worth of its abilities and power it has chosen to ignore me because to it I am no threat,” he paused to see whether she had any questions before continuing. "If you will please relax and seek your imagination try to sense what you feel from me, I will not hide my true self from you.”
Magna relaxed going to the place she went to when she was a child that had frightened her so much that she never allowed her imagination to go there again. She reached out to him tentatively at first finding that he is made of goodness, then she went deeper and could see everything about him, like looking in a picture book. She could see everything from his brain to the tiniest cell in his body. She saw something amiss within his heart so she simply let her sense of rightness fix it.  Thoryn is amazed at what she could do; he could feel her inside him as if she is part of him. Then he got frightened of her power, her ability to heal is so vast that the ability to destroy is to. If she went the other way, she would surely kill him. Magna sensed what he felt and the fear of hurting him brought her screaming back to herself.
“I am sorry, so sorry,” Magda's eyes filled with tears fearful that she had somehow hurt him.
“No Magda it is ok I am fine you did not hurt me. What you did for my heart may have saved my life ten or twenty years from now,” Thoryn said taking her hands to calm her. Suddenly, they shuddered at the evil fast approaching. Even Fangthane stood with his hackles up growling menacingly. “Magna run, take your dog go to Castle Qenildor and seek Bilgrammus he can help you,” he said urgently.
“No we can fight it together.”
Suddenly, with no chance of escape for either of them, the thing was upon them. This creature is different from any Thoryn had ever faced and it went straight for Magda. It struck her with a mass of blackness the emanated from its outstretched hand. At the last possible second Thoryn put a shield of pure light in front of her partially deflecting the attack back into the creature with some getting through staggering Magda backward. Then he felt it, the increase of wild imagination building around Magda, the crescendo of power nearly overwhelming him he did something beyond his comprehension he imaged himself bonded with Magda physically and spiritually. She felt his awareness flowing into her imagination while she attacked the creature. This is unmitigated destruction, she started small attacking the blackness tearing at it then she began ripping it apart all the while she felt the once human wizard shudder with pain.
Thoryn could see a small line of blackness starting at the edges of her pure light essence growing as the seconds passed. He knew what he had to do and it frightened him yet he welcomed it at the same time. He knew this would change both them forever, one would loose and one would gain. He gave her everything, his love of life, his forgiveness, his compassion for people, and his love of magic, all of it. Seeing the blackness recede even when she continued to destroy the creature, brought him instant gratification and when it finally turned to a fine black powder on the ground did she stop. Looking closely at her pure light essence, he could clearly see that it is not only pure and intimately joined to his as if they were now the same but not exactly. He knew he would never be able to do magic again, that for the rest of his life he would be at her side giving everything to her each time she asked for it and he would do it without recompense.
Both fell to their knees in exhaustion staring at each other. Fangthane came up and licked Magda in the face then gave Thoryn a big sloppy kiss for good measure. Laughing nervously, Thoryn wondered if she knew what had happened. He knew she had to have some inkling of what had occurred. He decided he would start by explaining what happened openly so she does not curse him the rest of his life.
“Magda do you understand what I have done?” he asked sheepishly. She did not help him much looking at him with an unflinching stare. “Magda I am, I," he could not go on but he knew he had too.
Gently placing her palm on his cheek she said reassuringly, “Thoryn it is pleasing to me that I can feel your essence within me and reassuring at the same time. You are now a part of me forever I can feel this and you did what you thought best. What you did is the bravest thing anyone could ever have done; you saved me from being a monster. All my life I have had this hallow feeling inside making me feel as if I needed to fill a void and you have done that for me. What this means for us, I am not sure; fate may very well dictate what is to become of us. Neither you nor I will be able to love another as man and wife I know that now and that could mean our downfall. I do not love you in that way nor do I think do you, but I do love you for what you have done, who knows we might grow to love each other as man and woman.”

~~~~

The climb to the top of Mt. Roraima had been as arduous task for all of them. Before this, each felt they were in top shape and could handle almost anything until they tried to climb the mountain. Sitting exhausted at the top of Mt. Roraima’s black plateau they listened to the guide in his broken English explain to them they had reached El Portal nearly four-thousand feet up or twenty-seven hundred meters above the jungle floor. Taking a much-needed rest, they gazed out at the landscape around them and were astonished at what they could see from this vantage. The landscape before them is mostly made of fissured and oddly eroded shaped rocks with black algae growing on top of them. The quartzite forming the plateau is normally a light soft pink color but the algae growing on the rock gave it a dark black look.
“Amazing, certainly not what I expected,” Allen commented to his brother George who shook his head in agreement.
“I think we can all agree that this was a lot harder than we first thought, but it is worth it to say we climbed Mt. Roraima,” Tony chimed in after taking a drink of water from his canteen.
“Look at that pool over there and the plants growing around it,” Maiko said pointing. They turned and looked where she was pointing admiring the exotic vegetation growing around the glistening pool of water. "Why don't we get our lazy butts up and take a closer look?"
Walking along they could see stunted trees in the distance growing sparsely, haphazardly dotting the plateau. Growing near and in the small pools of clean clear water are plants with bunched up knife shaped green leaves pointing up, carnivorous plants like the red pitcher plant in full flower hanging vine like near the edge catching the careless insect that falls for their seductive trap. These carnivorous plants have a trapping mechanism with a deep cavity filled with a liquid inside that traps flies and other crawling insects. The vegetation grows in groups bursting from the rocks in an explosion of colors, sundews in red with their narrow leaves along with white and orange flowers grouped in bunches like table top settings in a fine restaurant. Huge dragonflies flitted among the plants and rocks seeming to dive-bomb them all the while sidestepping the tiny yellow-bellied black frogs everywhere along the trail making them look before placing their feet carefully on the ground. The rock formations awed them such as the flying turtle, shaped like its namesake appearing to fly over a mass of boulders underneath.
Fifteen minutes from El Portal is an area the guide calls Los Hoteles making up and area of small caves mainly hollows and overhangs in the rocks but they do afford a degree of shelter from the sun and inclement weather. Taking the lead the guide headed in the direction of Los Hoteles as the weather decided to torment them with another deluge thoroughly soaking them. Arriving at their destination soaking wet and more than a little irritable, Maiko found a secluded cave a little away from the men and stripped off her soaking wet cloths. A sudden cool breeze blew gently into the cave giving her goose bumps over her entire body. Hurriedly opening her waterproof pack for a dry towel, she dried her cold wet body quickly changing into dry clothes as fast as she could put them on. Changing from jungle print to tight fitting solid black pants and black high neck pullover shirt proclaimed her dark mood. While carefully laying out her wet clothes on the rocks to dry, she wondered whether doing so was a waste of time given this wet climate. Taking a drink from her canteen, she sat on one of the crystal seats the cave offered and watched it rain.
What are we doing here? I have never in my life been rained on, bit by bugs, fallen to the ground scraping my knees like I have these last few days she grumbled aloud. Where are we supposed to go now that we are here? Are those cursed artifacts going to simply pop-up and say here we are come gets us? I seriously doubt that, her thoughts getting darker by the moment. Hreidmar had better know what to do when we find those cursed artifacts or I am going to kick his butt across this damn mountain. Where is he anyway? He is over there in a cave with a bunch of men instead of over here with me. What is wrong with him she fumed to herself? Do I have to tell him everything? Angrily staring at the ground, the more she thought about it the more sullen she became. Listening to the rain patter on the rocks, she looked up and there he is standing in the rain staring at her.
“What are you doing standing in the rain?”
“Washing my clothes waiting for you to invite me in,” he laughed.
“How much longer before they are done,” she giggled her black mood fleeing the instant she saw him.
“Well with the lack of soap to clean them they will probably never get totally clean but I would say they are done enough for now,” he speculated.
“Get in here so we can dry you off you big oaf!”
With a grateful expression on his face, he came in out of the rain. Helping him remove his wet boots and clothes, she reached in his pack for a dry towel quickly drying him and in the process sending a wave of feelings racing through her she quickly squashed. This was not the time or place to act on her wild desires and she could tell he is struggling with the same emotions. Reaching up she pulled his head down and kissed him expelling all her pent-up emotions in one kiss. Reluctantly separating, he quickly got dressed into blue jeans, a button down the middle blue shirt and dry boots from his pack.
“Hreidmar what are we doing? I mean I know why we are here and as fantastic as it is I know we need to do this but what is it we are actually doing? I have a million questions buzzing around inside my head that I can’t seem to get answers for.”
“For the sake of not sounding condescending I have to admit I have not the foggiest idea what we are to do. We know we have to find these artifacts and claim them for ours and once we do someone of something will tell us what to do next so we have to go with the flow for now. Although for me I like a little more control over things, I find this a little nerve-racking.”
“I can agree with you there,” she laughed thinking about a few minutes ago and what it took her to control emotions.
With a knowing grin on his face he continued,” ok, here is what we have. We have ghosts sitting over there that say that they have been compromised,” pointing his thumb over his shoulder. “They don’t know how high this goes but could be all the way to the president and if it is our president then what about Russia or China’s leaders are they too compromised? Who is in charge of the nuclear weapons if they have gotten that high in the various governments? What about the colonies has the enemy infiltrated there too or are they limited to what they can do? Then to top all of that off we have an entire fleet, you saw the news, destroyed by some aliens!” Maiko looked at him in amazement for a moment before speaking.
“Well, at least I know you and I are thinking the same, but it does not help us much because neither of us has any answers.” They sat quietly for a time watching the rain come down filling small valleys and gullies with water eventually flowing into the shallow pools dotting the landscape.

~~~~

By midmorning, the day is beautiful for a ride, the skies are mostly clear with a smattering of high clouds but it is the blue sky and its deep rich color catching the sightseer's eyes. Riding at a comfortable walk out of the barbican and onto the bridge, they passed the three towers, turned left crossing the bridge to the hard packed road. From there they followed the road south heading toward an expansive forest they could see in the distance. The two wolf pets as the entire castle thinks of them took off running as fast as they could down the road ahead of them, then suddenly turn and run back full of excitement to be finally out of the castle. When they first arrived with them, it caused consternation and fear that permeated the entire castle. Danielle and Celedryl amazed the soldiers and castle staff by making their way around the castle introducing them to human and animal alike. The castle staff and grooms grew accustomed to the animals when they realized they were actually as gentle as the pet dogs. That aside it did not mean the animals got along perfectly with a few quarrels cropping up with the dogs living there until they worked it out among themselves thankfully without serious injuries.
Shaylee rode in the lead on her spirited but gentle Dun colored horse with an overall yellowish color and black points at the mane, tail and fetlock area. Ethan followed her on a Chestnut gelding with its rich red gold coloring known for being gentle enough for children to ride yet sure of itself on the trail that it did not frighten easily. Mitch followed Ethan the second of the two least experienced riders on a Black gelding, easy to ride but does have some spirit. Danielle followed Mitch on a Blood Bay with its distinctive black points on the mane, tail and legs. Leadyl and Celedryl are bringing up the rear riding side by side on black Roans with a sprinkling of white that happed to be brother and sister.
“How am I doing Celedryl?” Ethan called back afraid to turn around in the saddle.
“If the horse has not thrown you yet, you are doing well. Please be very careful Ethan, if he does throw you, the fall could break an arm," she replied in a serious tone but laughing under her breath.
“Do you think the horse will throw me?” Ethan asked very concerned. Trying to keep straight faces and not laugh, the riders knew Celedryl was playing with him but poor Ethan was too nervous to realize it.
“If you are not very careful and hold on tight it could,” she said in all seriousness trying not to laugh. Stiffening up his entire body Ethan squeezed his legs tight against the horse holding on for dear life. Even the horse tensed its muscles feeling how Ethan is riding him. Ethan knew he had been the brunt of a joke when his friends could not contain the laughter any longer and burst out laughing. “Ethan relax I am sorry I was playing with you my love,” Celedryl said trying to mollify him realizing what she said and the implications quickly embarrassing herself by her admission of love and familiarity.
“The manor on that hill is our family home we grew up in,” Shaylee said quickly changing the subject, pointing in the direction she wanted them to look. The stately manor house is a sprawling affair with a ten-foot high wall and a massive iron gate. A fortress all in itself it is easily defendable against most attacks with four small towers, one at each of the square corners with murder holes in them for archers. The manor house is a huge affair with perfectly cut and mortared granite walls, cut glass windows all along the walls of both the first and second floors and three fireplaces strategically placed keeping the bedrooms warm in the winter. Large paddocks filled with horses grazing and huge wooden barns stacked with hay and feed dotted the hills adjacent to the manor. The area around the manor is a beehive of daily activity as stable hands moved horses from one paddock to another or out to the main pasture behind the manor.
Walking the horses down the road, they looked to the left across the rolling hills to see acres of cattle watched over by people on horseback aided by black and white dogs reminding Mitch of border collies from back home. Thinking about his home sent a pang of regret lancing through him. Here he is out riding, enjoying the company of friends he is with and his lack of sense of duty alarmed him. He should be trying to find a way back to Earth and he had no desire to. He had to keep thinking that what he is doing here protected Earth. Any defeat here had to be a defeat for the enemy thereby protecting Earth he rationalized while riding along enjoying the sun and fresh air.
Continuing south the newcomers are astounded at the expanse of land the duke and his family owned. Riding on, they could see workers busily harvesting fields of crops, loading the harvest in large wagons with teams of horses, then driving them to the enormous barns for storage and processing. Rounding a small bend in the road, a beautiful view of the vast forest jumped out in front of them. On the left in the distance, they could see the swamp with the castle looming large not far north of it. 
Continuing for a short distance Shaylee turned right off the road heading toward a small stand of trees right outside the forest. It seemed to them that someone long ago had cleared the land between the forest and the stand of trees giving it an appearance of a small island of trees among the rolling hills. Drawing near, they could see a beautiful gardened area routinely cleaned of undergrowth with a convenient hitching post to tie the horses. After loosening the girths on the saddles, they watered the horses in the small stream and tied them to the hitching post.
The large oaks they were under gave ample shade from the sun and the cool breeze made it a delightful picnic area even in the summer. Quickly spreading the ground blankets, they placed the baskets of food strategically around the area so each of them could comfortably reach inside for the cheese, meat, and bread they contained. They were getting comfortable when a rider walked his horse up to the hitching post. Shaylee most of all seemed surprised at whom their unlikely visitor is and maybe a little pleased that he always knew where to find her when she least expected.
“I hope I am not intruding m’lady but the kitchen staff told me you had neglected to bring the wine to your picnic so I took it upon myself to bring it to you. May I dismount I have the wine bottles in my saddle bag?” Durin asked politely. Durin is a husky lad of seventeen years and some say he has arms as strong as the blacksmith. He is medium height with a shock of thick brown hair at the top of his head and green eyes that could be very serious and at times like now very hopeful. He is dressed similar to the men wearing leather pants for riding and wool pullover shirt for warmth with a gold ring belt and a working dagger. The arms master said his training with weapons is coming along better than expected with the sword and dagger. He even commented once to the duke that he reminded him of the duke himself at that age. That comment got the dukes attention who promptly promoted Durin to head page giving him greater responsibility and special assignments accorded the position. Delivering wine to the duke’s daughter was unquestionably not one of the duke's special assignments.
 “Why of course Durin you may dismount and surely you are not intruding for I did forget the wine for today’s picnic. It is gracious of you to come all the way out here on your day off to bring us the wine,” Shaylee replied thinking she is glad that he had come because she felt awkward not having a companion even though neither did Danielle. Her father would not let her brothers join them because he needed them back at the castle to discuss plans for war. She suspected otherwise that her father could see there might be competition between the two for Danielle’s affections and did not want any problems associated with that to come between his two sons.
His pleasure was very evident in his mannerisms nearly falling off his horse in his excitement that his plan had worked. Thankfully, no one noticed as he nonchalantly dismounted from the horse. Recovering quickly he went to his saddlebag retrieving two bottles of wine handing one to Mitch and one to Ethan with a corkscrew for each to open the bottles. Retrieving six bronze wine goblets his saddlebag he quickly returned with them graciously handing one to each of them. When Shaylee saw he did not have a seventh her heart nearly stopped fearing that he was not going to stay.
Danielle the intuitive person she is, quickly came to Shaylee’s aid, ”Dorin you did not bring a wine goblet for you so that you may join us?”
“My lady that would have been rash and presumptuous of me to presume that I would be welcome to join your company,” he said bowing bashfully.
“For me, I think it would be wonderful to have such a cultured man in our company do you not Shaylee,” Danielle coaxed. All Shaylee could do is nod her head yes. “Well then Dorin my name is Danielle and you are welcome to sit with us and enjoy the day. My friends please say hello to Dorin, our new friend.” 
Quickly introducing each other to him, they made him feel welcome and not out of place, as he feared. Not to let things go unfinished Danielle finished what she started, ”Dorin would you be so kind as to get the extra goblet out of your saddlebag so no one has to share? Shaylee my dear would you kindly make a space next to you so our new friend can sit?” With a red-faced embarrassed expression on his face, he quickly retrieved the goblet and sat next to the equally red-faced Shaylee. Laughter echoed through the small stand of trees and out on the plain as the young friends enjoyed the sweet red wine and fine food for an enjoyable afternoon that they knew would be the last for a long time to come.

~~~~

President Jackson rearranged his anteroom to meet the needs of an old-fashioned war room. No one used these rooms anymore especially with the advancement of holographic communications but the old saying, desperate times calls for desperate measures so a war room it will be. He had his desk and easy chairs removed to make room for three large situation tables and a couple straight back chairs. Many questioned his actions including his wife and kids but he was secretively evasive. He had to admit he was more than a little concerned about the breach in security. Firstly, he needed to find out who is involved, and then how far it has progressed into his government. With the recent events of the mall massacre fresh in the minds of many thanks to the incessant coverage by the holographic news media and their characterization of it, he knew the how, but the question of whom, is one of the many questions that he desperately needed an answers to. How far does it go and how does he know whom to trust beside himself? Now I am getting paranoid he thought to himself looking at the giant map of the Western Hemisphere. Breaking his chain of thought, Scott walked in with a large box in his arms.
“Mr. President I have some of the information you requested. It appears bodies have been found by the authorities from all over fitting the description we have from the ones found in postwar New York,” Scott said setting the box on a small table. The president peered down in the box and found stacks of printouts of the victim’s identity. “Walker you asked me to get this information the old-fashion way so I did some detective work and went to see an old college classmate of mine and asked him to do a news media search of victims matching ours and here is some of it and I think there will be more. I had him start with the most influential countries first and work his way down. This way we can mark the maps to show what countries have been infiltrated.”
 “Good work Scott I knew you could do it. Why don’t we get started mapping it so we can get a picture of how bad it really is?”
Reaching in the box, he took out one of the printouts quickly perusing the first page. They are standard dossier type showing a color picture of the victim in the top right hand corner and the basic name and address information in the top center section of the form. The next section lists school information from kindergarten on with not much listed there beyond high school. The next section down in the document is the criminal history portion filled with a long list of minor charges and convictions. Turning to the second page, Walker looked at the section for employment that would normally read like a résumé but this one lacked much of a job history. Scanning the document, he noticed the “Other” section where any other activities, hobbies, volunteer work, and sports played is noted and again the section is blank. The last section is for retinal scan data and an entire right handprint of the victim. On this form, the section is complete because the person had a criminal history listed in the previous section of this document. Turning back to the first page, he read the name at the top, Engelbert Kennard Payne sighing disheartened.
“Who is that one about?” Scott asked quizzically.
“It is Mrs. Payne’s son. It is a shame he died so young and in such a brutal way.”
“Mr. President we will catch this creature and somehow destroy it,” Scott said with more confidence than he truly felt.
They spent most of the tedious morning marking the locations on the giant maps, ultimately showing a concerted effort by the enemy to methodically place as many of its agents in key positions in government all over Earth. It looked like an invasion plan unfolding before their eyes. Sitting next to each other in the straight back chairs too stunned to move trying to grasp the enormity of the situation, the looks of concern on their faces told the entire story.
“Scott a word of this can’t get out to the public. No one is to know about this, is that understood?” the president asked in a no-nonsense tone that Scott knew all too well.
“Yes sir Mr. President what is here stays here. I will see my friend and get the rest of the data from him as quickly as possible,” Scott replied hurriedly.
“Scott, please stay away from the normal systems on this. We will need to find other ways to get information. I wish I knew where my best agents are and at the least what has happened to them. If anybody could help, it would be them.”

~~~~

The rain finally stopped so they grouped expectantly around their guide each wondering where they were headed next. Following their guide, they came to “The Valley of the Crystals”. Rightfully named because areas like this are littered with millions of quartz crystals that have eroded over time from veins cutting into the quartzite bedrock. Shortly, they found the bathing pools that their guide told them about earlier so if they wanted to bathe in them they could. The rain fed pools are depressions and holes in the rock filled with cold clean water safe and exhilarating to bathe in. The loose white quartz layering the bottom of the pink quartzite potholes glisten brightly in the sunlight giving the clear water a beautiful multicolored sparkling effect. Walking nearer to a large pool with clear glistening water, they could see jewel-like hummingbirds flitting among the multicolored foliage around it edges, and of course, the small black frogs that can neither hop nor swim but crawl along the ground.
“Anyone feel anything strange right about now? The closer I get to this pothole the more I feel drawn to something,” Garrett noted apprehensively.
“Do you think we have finally reached our destination?” Tony asked hopefully.
“It appears so look,” exclaimed Chris pointing at the pothole. A thin bright light formed directly down the center of the pink quartzite and the white quartz lining the bottom of the water-filled pool. As the light slowly widened in the center, the water and loose quartz moved inward toward it disappearing into the light effectively draining the shallow pool of water and loose quartz.
Frozen with fear the Pemón guide suddenly screamed in terror fleeing back the way they had come. Memorized the entire group watched the light slowly widen and the pool slowly drain of water and quartz.  Waiting expectantly, they wondered where all the water and loose quartz was going as the light continued its inexorable widening. Finally, the light encompassed the entire width of the pool, the water and loose quartz is gone, and so is the pink quartzite making up the foundation of the pothole. Slowly, the light inexorably began to fade inward revealing a natural darkness behind it that severely contrasted with it. As the pure light continued its retreat from the darkness, they could see steps leading down into a tunnel.
“I’ll be damned, is everybody as freaked out as I am,” Tony blurted.
“I would say so, I know I am,” Maiko divulged and with the knowing looks, she knew her traveling companions felt the same.
“Oh crap, what are we standing around here like a bunch of frightened kids for? Did everyone bring their flashlights?” Garrett asked expectantly.
Reaching into their packs each of them retrieved their flashlights and turned them on to make sure they worked correctly before entering the dark confines below. Garrett being so optimistic about going down into the darkness to whatever awaits them below took the first of many steps downward followed by Maiko, Hreidmar and the rest. Their flashlights cut through the pitch darkness like slashing swords revealing perfectly cut smooth quartzite floors, walls and steps. They surmised correctly that no human hands could have done this so perfectly. They stopped for a moment gazing at the runes on both walls and ceiling. Maiko inquisitive as always laid her hand on one and it began to glow a pure white light causing her to jerk her hand back in surprise. Chris touched one and nothing happened causing the others to look at Maiko in awe when she tentatively touched it again with the same results as before.
“Let’s keep going my curiosity is killing me and you know the old saying about curiosity killing cat,” Allen quipped.
“I suddenly realized something the air is pure not like you would think it would be after being sealed for thousands of years. Even the temperature in here feels perfect neither hot nor cold,” George pointed out.
“Allen is right, let's go I want to find these artifacts and see what happens next,” Garrett said moving quickly down the tunnel with the others racing to keep up.
They had been following the downward pitch of the tunnel for some time when suddenly they came to a dead end but upon closer inspection revealed an abrupt turn to the left. Garrett is the first to turn the corner freezing in place causing Maiko to bump into him. The others crowded forward in the narrow tunnel amazed at seeing a perfectly smooth carved out cavern that no human hands could have ever created so perfectly. With no sign of dust, or decay on the walls, floors or high ceiling it almost reminded them of a sterile environment. With some apprehension, they moved forward fanning out at the entrance to the cavern.
Before them surrounded by a pure white light lighting the entire cavern, stood three white marble slabs shot through with gold veins standing about five feet tall. Floating in the light above them are the artifacts, spectacular to behold, leaving the entire group breathless in amazement. Floating above the far left dais is Flamewynd a beautiful white bow with gold accent lines running up and down it with a gold colored string. Floating next to it is a white and gold leather quiver with a matching strap. Matching arrows with their white and gold shafts and the same color fletching filled the quiver. Maiko gravitated toward the bow and arrows standing before the dais a moment later in silence.
Floating above the far right dais is Skullsplitter the battle sword and Starfire the Indomitable shield of light and steel. Skullsplitter’s blade is long, sharp and doubled edged with a light colored look to the steel and the cross guard giving it an appearance of a whitish color. The hilt of the sword is made of the same wood as the bow matching it perfectly with the pommel made of the same steel as the blade. Starfire is absolutely beautiful with its burnished steel, the same color as the sword, with an indelibly blazoned image of white unicorn with a golden horn, long flowing mane and tail its graceful lines depicted rearing on its hind legs. Sitting gracefully sidesaddle bareback sat a flaming red-haired women dressed in a long flowing white gown holding up a pure white long sword in one hand and in her other hand a white and gold staff. Garrett felt drawn to them and frightened at the same time as he longed to hold them. At first, he fought against the desire then gave in and stood in front of them in silence.
Floating above the center dais is the unmistakable Bloodaxe with its massive double blades and long-pointed spike protruding from between them. Astounded Hreidmar heard it clearly calling to him; repeatedly calling him king of the dwarfs telling him to take up thy weapon ye have blood to spill. The blades and long spike are made of the same steel as the arrow tips and long sword with a white and gold wooden haft. Walking up he stood in front of the dais as the others had done in silence. After a moment, he moved closer to the dais and sitting on top were accouterment’s of war, and a white and gold leather scroll case with gold caps on the end. Reaching into the light retrieving the scroll case from the dais he quickly with more than a little excitement removed the end caps and set them carefully onto the dais. Using extreme care, he removed the scroll from the case and began reading it aloud.
"Ye who have been destined to find this parchment shall henceforth be defenders of the light."
"Ye have been bequeathed a grave charge of duty to defend the light in all things at the peril of your life. Naught must stand in thine way in upholding this charge that has been placed upon ye for the fate of many rests in thine hands." 
"Behold the weapons of the light presented before ye are bequeathed to ye thy defenders of the light and henceforth wilt be welded by thee, and ye must dare to the have boldness and courage to smite the enemies of the light and have nary an evil thought or malice to another so the weapons remain fullsome with the powers of the light. Thine destinies are tied to this grave charge, and you have been bequeathed with thine weapons so ye must not tarry or shirk in thy duties. So heed this well, if thy choose to accept this grave charge before thee and accept these gifts from the light there shalt be no recompense but honor shall be thine forever more."
"Behold Flamewynd for she that wilt be the defender of the Dwarf King and companion in life and in death for naught shalt cometh betwixt thee if thou remain true to thy selves."
"Behold Skullsplitter and Starfire for he that wilt fight side by side with the long awaited one who wilt cometh and lead all that wilt stop the scourge of darkness."
"Behold Bloodaxe for he that wilt lead the dwarfs into battle and return them to what they were from yore. He who is human shalt be dwarf at heart and mind and be a giant among dwarfs but accepted as one. Thine offspring shalt inherit what ye have bequeathed and henceforth rule at your demise."
"Behold four medallions for the defenders of the four corners of Earth. Thy defenders of Earth must be fullsome in boldness and courage to smite the enemies of the light, have nary an evil thought or malice to another, and remain fullsome with the powers of the light. Bloodaxe must test thy defenders of the four corners of Earth as you will be by your weapons."
"Behold the accouterments of the warriors of the light. Dress proudly in these thy armor, then take up thy weapons and test thy selves and thy brothers for pureness and light. Then go hither and yon seeking the darkness and malice that threatens all and defeat thine enemies in kind."
Carefully Hreidmar put the parchment back into the parchment case putting the gold caps on the end before placing it back on the dais. Each of the three began removing their clothes modesty put aside for the moment. Maiko put on small clothes and a long sleeve half-length white chemise while the two men put on their small clothes and a long sleeve pullover shirt. Next, they put on a long sleeve light-brown gambeson, a jacket designed to wear under chainmail protecting the wearer from the steel links of the chainmail when struck preventing them from damaging the flesh they are designed to protect. Quickly each of them slipped on the brown leather pants followed by brown leather boots. Prepared to pick up heavy chainmail they were surprised and delighted at the same time that it weighed nothing in their hands. Slipping it over their heads and placing their arms through the sleeves felt no different from putting on a light cotton shirt. The chainmail fit perfectly as did all the accouterments into the arming points in the gambeson keeping it stabilized and unmoving while wearing it.
Each secured white and gold colored leather gold ring belts around their waists holding golden handled daggers and a leather pouch, Garrett's is slightly different with its long sheath for holding Skullsplitter. Upon close inspection of the contents in the pouch, they contained an additional gold medallion identical as the other four presumably worn when not wearing their armor and carrying their weapons.
Reaching up each retrieved their artifacts Maiko slung her quiver across her shoulders holding her bow in her left hand, Garrett strapped Starfire to his left arm holding Skullsplitter in his right and Hreidmar grasped the haft of Bloodaxe tightly in his fist. The change came swiftly, each feeling the power of the weapons they held in their hands and the awesome power and responsibility that came with it. Each knew without a doubt that they would be experts with these weapons. The abrupt change back to their normal appearance startled them for a moment but at the same time, they were very relieved to have their normal appearances back. 
Inside they felt more alive than ever. Any ailments or past injuries were gone as if they were reborn as newborn babies. They moved around with their newly energized bodies to get the feel of this monumental change in themselves and with huge grins on their faces laughed in elation. Hreidmar took that moment to turn back to the dais gently setting his ax on it retrieving a large leather pouch securing it to his wide gold ring belt. Picking up his ax with his right hand, he picked up one of the gold medallions gazing at it for a moment before setting it back in its place on the dais.
During all of this, their companions watched in amazement, and disbelief at what they were seeing. Each knowing they have an apparent part to play in these supernatural games of the powerful did not make it any easier to understand their roles in this clandestine game of life and death. These games can be mortal or ethereal and sometimes both but they amount to the same thing, people controlled and their destinies chosen for them. Now it is their turn to have their destinies chosen for them, although not entirely the case if they thought about it. At this moment they can change their destinies if they so wish. They can run like their Pemón guide had done and possibly escape this destiny forever or will it catch up to them in the end? Certainly, a nagging question in the backs of their minds and one they are struggling with at this moment, a moment only is to decide their destinies and possibly the fate of two realms rests on this important decision.
  With Bloodaxe in his hand, Hreidmar instinctively knew what to do. With apprehension, he walked forward to choose the guardians of the four corners of Earth that moment of decision now past. If Bloodaxe glows crimson from its now pure white glow when held out in front each of them, he knew he would have to strike quickly and destroy the evil that would be before him. He truly hoped that all four of them would pass the test of blood as he thought of it. Starting from his right he slowly moved Bloodaxe in front of each of them slowly walking past them. Each time he stopped, it would glow slightly brighter but stay in its pure white form. When all four passed, the tension in the cavern lifted like a bride's veil with plenty of relief and smiles to go around as Hreidmar returned to the dais gently placing his ax on it.
Picking up one of the intricately molded gold medallions, Hreidmar gazed at it again still not believing the beauty and intricacy of the work done to create such a thing of beauty. Each of the two-inch diameter solid gold medallions has the identical image of the unicorn and woman visible on all of the artifacts. The medallion comes with a heavy gold chain not made in link fashion but with strands of gold intertwined for strength.  Turning slowly, he faced the four men before him waiting expectantly for one to come forward and accept the medallion and the grave responsibilities that come with each. One after the other they came forward bowing their heads allowing Hreidmar to place the chain around their necks. Each had the same reaction, a look of shock, and euphoric smiles when the power of the light coursed through them mingling with the already ample supply of goodness each of them already have. When all four had received their medallions, the previous tension evaporated from the cavern replaced with all smiles and pats on the back.

~~~~

Five days later found Brokk and Aelfdane and others still trekking westward through the mountains. The air is quite chilly but the sun shone bright in cloudless sky, its glowing orb a centerpiece on a table of blue making for a beautiful mountain day. Patches of snow lingered on the rocky ground mostly in shady spots underneath the fir trees growing in patches all along the mountains. The trail they are on is a narrow and winding, meandering its way up the side of a rugged mountain. Off to their right is a small valley they recently left warning the dwarfs there to flee the coming of the orcs. It is the same everywhere, disbelief, reluctance to leave then finally acceptance of the inevitable. Suddenly, the wind blew down the side of the mountain ruffling their hair and furs sending cold chills down their spines jerking the travelers from their private thoughts.
Instead of getting warmer as the morning progressed, the wind got colder rushing down the rocky trail whistling between the fissures and fir trees that grow alongside the meandering trail. Soon with their stomachs grumbling and the temperature steadily dropping, they found a small cave they could take shelter in from the wind and have a cold lunch. Keeping their weapons close they sat on the cave floor opening their packs digging for dried meat and fruit somewhere hidden inside them. Reluctant to stray too far from their weapons they kept them very close though the cave was uninhabited a mountain bear could choose this cave to make it home for the winter while they are enjoying their lunch.
 “Brokk mah friend Ah dearly loove ye but Ah think when we get tae th' next valley Ah will part ways wi' ye an' return tae Llewelyn Forest. Ah have much tae dae before spring if Ah am tae gaither a large enough force tae even matter,” Aelfdane said reverting to the dialect of the dwarfs.
“Aye Aelfdane Ah tend tae think 'at th' city elves will be reluctant tae send any forces but Ah will leave 'at tae ye. Ah will heed south at th' next valley an' worn th' human villages oan mah way back tae Celedryl’s home. Dae ye remember when she was a wee lass chasin' th' wee lads about wi' a stick tae crack them ower th' heed?” Brokk asked, laughing at the fond memory.
 “Aye Brokk I remember when she caught the one who insulted her mother calling her a stinking half elf. They had to stich his head for him. I remember the look on her father’s face at how proud he was of her,” Aelfdane said solemnly reverting to the common trader language.
“Quiet Ah hink Ah hear somethin' comin' up th' trail,” Norelia whispered from her vantage at the cave mouth. Quietly reaching for their weapons, they waited as she eased out of the entrance to look down the trail from the direction they had come. Quickly returning, she whispered to them, " tois orcs an' thee men comin' thes way." Easing back into the darker recesses of the cave, they hoped to stay hidden long enough to either learn why humans are traveling with orcs or to kill them if need be. They did not have long to wait when the group coming up the trail stopped in front of the cave peering in.
The inhabitants of the cave are very concerned seeing two orcs peering into the cave sniffing the air around them like two animals on the hunt for these are southern orcs very far from their hunting lands. Hidden in the patches of scraggly hair they could see the green and light-brown color of their leathery skin characteristic of the southern orcs. Anxiously shifting their feet as if they were anticipating entering the cave each held their huge double bladed axes and round shields with eight-inch steel spikes protruding from the center of them ready for instant use if needed. The red bearskins they are wearing get their name from their reddish-brown fur predominant to the southern red bear. Around their waist are crudely made leather belts with a filthy a bearskin loincloth.
“Rarg we do not have the time to hunt mountain bear this day for we have much to talk of with the others. Our masters grow impatient with past failures and wish to make up for them,” Hazarkan growled in impatience. This had been the fourth cave that the orcs had delayed them wanting to hunt for a mountain bear. Fortunately, for those inside the wind is blowing directly into the cave so the orcs could not smell them hiding there. Trying desperately not to hurl their stomachs from the stench of the orcs blowing in with the wind they remained frozen in place in the back of the cave.
  “Your masters are not our master’s human,” Rarg grunted. The common trader language was not their normal way to communicate and it surprised the occupants yet again that an orc can speak it in a crude fashion yet entirely understandable. Their language is more like grunts, growls, and many hand motions not what they are hearing now.
They will be your master you stinking filthy orc. Hazarkan did not dare to say aloud what he was thinking more in fear of his master's anger if he should fail to bring the southern orcs into the fray. “Rarg a short way up the trail is a small valley where we must go to meet the others. When we slaughtered the dwarf village, we saved plenty of young dwarf meet in cold storage for you, even some young female dwarf we saved especially for you.” It took all their strength and training not to attack the murdering humans and their orcs friends. Even Aelfdane struggled mightily with his rage to refrain from attacking them.
“You are twice fortunate today human that I do not take your head for trophy. Do not expect a third time human if you hint at giving me orders again. Take me to this valley you speak of for I am hungry, it is a long walk from the Deepmoor Barrens and not enough food along the way,” Rarg grunted and growled as he spoke. Hazarkan is incensed his hand going to his curved blade at his side fortunately at the last second he controlled the urge to kill the orc. He is a not an imposing figure but something about his tall lean body suggested great strength and power. It could be his smoldering coal black eyes that matched his dark skin and hair that had the power to see everything about a person perpetuating a look of strength and power.
With reluctance, the orcs turned away moving up the trail with Hazarkan and another tall lanky man with long greasy hair that stuck to his head.  The third a short thickly built man with a baldhead with grotesque tattoos across the top of his pate lingered behind to watch the back trail. Quietly hiding near the cave mouth, they peered out as Thrumbar threw a small rock on the trail near the cave entrance. Suddenly, alert for danger, the lone human with his sword in hand cautiously worked his way back down the trail toward them. The seconds passed slowly while they hid deep in the shadows of the cave mouth for the unsuspecting human to get closer to the entrance of the cave. They did not have long to wait as he neared the entrance they leaped out and pummeled him to the ground dragging him back into the cave. Quickly wrestling him to the floor of the cave, they tied his hands and feet with stout leather ties shoving a gag in his mouth at the same time.
The fear in his eyes told them all they needed to know about this cutthroat. Squatting next to him Aelfdane could see the fear intensify dramatically in his eyes suddenly smelling the acrid smell of urine as the cowardly cutthroat promptly urinated on himself. No one alive today has not heard what happens to anyone that has grievously wronged an elf, and this elf is about to give this murdering filth a firsthand lesson. Aelfdane slowly with great care pulled his dagger from its sheath at his waist watching the cutthroat closely. The tied up brigand promptly defecated on himself filling the cave with his stench. By now, the dwarfs are thoroughly disgusted with this coward of a human. Taking the point of his knife Aelfdane slowly dragged it gently across his throat pulling the gag from his mouth. An inhuman change suddenly came over the cutthroat his eyes turning a solid black he thrust his head upward impaling himself on the point of Aelfdane’s dagger. The blackness faded from his eyes as he died still impaled on the dagger.
Now they understood why the brigand was so fearful, he did not fear Aelfdane and his dagger as much as he feared something insidiously evil. Pulling the dagger from the victim’s throat Aelfdane cleaned it on the dead man’s cloths before sheathing it. “Brokk we must leave here now before they find us. The one capable of a dark deed of this nature is sure to find us and make sure we do not live to tell of it,” Aelfdane said peering out of the cave entrance to see if anyone man or orc is near the cave entrance.
“Aye Aelfdane I must warn th' duke 'at his soothern borders arenae safe. If th' dark ones, can convince th' soothern orcs tae leave th' barrens an' attack from th' sooth th' duke will be hard-pressed tae stop them."

~~~~

Duke Gawain sat at his place at the main table facing the main doors of the hall brooding, his mind not on the splendor of the evening. The winter ball is commencing and guests are steadily processing into the hall, the aristocrats and nobles, the wealthy merchants and traders all here to rub shoulders with each other. They have come from all over the realm for this last ball before winter sets in. Some traveled for weeks from as far away as Faycastle the Countess Janarina and her entourage making an appearance, to Whitepine Castle although Duke Thoric deigned not to appear he set a minor baroness in his place. Duke Gawain promptly changed the seating arrangements to put her as far away as possible from the main table knowing he was churlish for doing it. His best and longtime friend Duke Unther of Jancastle occupies the seat on his left while on his right the lovely Llyandrus graces the table with her beauty.
Decorating with splendor and beauty in mind the tapestries showing glorious battles and dying knights and soldiers are replaced with ones depicting beautiful sceneries of mountains and valleys with an explosion of bright colors dazzling the eye transforming the hall from its normal martial appearance to a thing of beauty. The focus of splendor in the hall is the crystal chandelier with it hundreds of candles burning bright, a beautiful affair with its three tiers of candles positioned with the largest circle on the outside to the smallest on the inside. Up through the center are mirrors reflecting the candle light into the diamond shaped crystals hanging from each tier on little gold hooks along the outer edges. Brightening the hall magnificently, the chandelier and hundreds of oil lanterns strategically placed along the walls add the splendor of bright light to a normally gloomy hall. Unadorned tables line the outer edges of the square hall with spaces left between them so the guests can reach the dance floor in the center. The dance floor is actually the main floor of the hall with its beautifully designed tile imported many miles from Tordar on the southern coast near the Nerida Sea.
Adding to the duke's broodiness, he met with Orin and Sakura and determined they were on the same side although very furtive on whom they actually were taking orders from whether the King or someone else he was not sure. He had spoken to the newcomers and the dwarfs taking the situation very seriously he ordered shipments of wood, tools, and weapons up river as fast as humanly possible. He used the excuse of this ball to have a meeting with all the local counts and of course his best friend Duke Unther. Nobles from as far away as Winter Fall Mill south to Highmeadow Village then west until the duke's lands ran out graced the hall with their presence. Some of the guests are counts loyal Duke Unther and Duke Thoric here to support their duke and enjoy the festivities with underlying motives of their own, each wanting to be seen with other powerful nobles. He invited all the wealthy merchants because he would be calling on them to help supply the massive amounts of food, wood, steel, barge workers and hands to build fortifications and barracks for the soldiers coming to stay the winter to strengthen the castle garrison. Overall, the meeting held earlier in the day was contentious to say the least.
He told them everything he knew, and when he finished relating the facts such that they were, he voiced his needs. What he needed primarily were soldiers and people that could teach others with no experience in war the art of killing people. He needed basic supplies of food, feed for animals, steel to make weapons and armor and people to do the hard work entailed by his requirements. The list went on and the merchants whined and complained about their financial ruin if they are not paid promptly and the local counts and barons concerns were for the protection of their lands and property. What did not surprise him in the least were two local counts and an earl in open rebellion against sending men and supplies to the duke’s call to arms. He made it very plan if any count or earl owing him allegiance that did not muster his soldiers at his command they would forfeit their titles and estates not to mention their heads too. The last part is what had him so gloomy because he knew Counts Korin, Malaric, and especially Earl Brendan Anthor his boyhood antagonists would probably disobey in obstinacy alone. Overall, they failed to understand that if Castle Qenildor fell to the darkness then all the land around it would be in darkness. On the positive side of things, shipments were steadily going north to resupply the dwarfs.
 “My love, please try if you will to at least look as if you are enjoying the festivities,” Llyandrus whispered gently placing a hand on his arm.
“Aye my friend your gloominess is fast spreading down the table before too long you are going to look like one of the merchants across the hall with tears in his eyes. Why my friend I am contemplating using the sleeves on this pretty jerkin I am wearing to wipe the tears from my eyes. By the way, speaking of this outlandish finery that I am wearing, tell me again why am I supposed to wear this?” Unther asked with mischief dancing in his eyes.
“Well my illustrious beloved friend from my boyhood you owe me a favor and my wife is making me wear the same outlandish finery so we might as well look our best together,” Gawain laughed some of his old humor bubbling up through the gloominess.
   “I daresay my friend and illustrious Duke of Qenildor I lack the memory of such an event that I owe you such a momentous favor that it warrants me wearing such gilded trappings. Can you my dear friend relate the story behind this favor that you speak of?” Unther asked in all serious but his eyes full of laughter that said something completely different. Llyandrus was desperately trying not to burst out laughing in front of the entire table embarrassing her.
“My good man let us not quibble over small matters. I do agree it must have been a momentous event that I saved you from but at the moment, the details seem to escape me. Let us enjoy the festivities for the most beautiful women of the entire kingdom are here gracing us with their presence. Including your fare and beautiful daughter Liyania that my son Dorin seems to be enthralled by her special beauty and grace,” Gawain said with all the pompous nobility he could muster and concluded with a flourish loud enough for Dorin to hear and the other guests sitting at the table. Seeing the shocked expression on Dorin's face, the entire table erupted into laughter, his face turning a brighter shade of crimson.
Saving Dorin, any further discomfort and embarrassment the servants began filling wine goblets with sweet red wine followed by huge platters of food placed on the tables. People began filling their beautiful porcelain plates and bowls with beef, turkey, vegetables, soups and various kinds of fruits. The food is impeccable as usual with many smiles and compliments to the duke’s staff. The soft music playing in the background by a group of court musicians soothed the nobles and the gentry while quietly enjoying a delicious meal.
Ethan is thoroughly distracted, he is sitting at one of the side tables trying to enjoy his food, and of course, Celedryl’s company but his instincts and training are on full alert since the evening started watching a certain Earl Brendan Nielroy Anthor. Seeing the pure malice directed at the duke and his family, Ethan knows hatred when he sees it, and Earl Anthor's hatred is the kind that festers and grows until someone dies.
People are finishing their food, when what Ethan thought to be far more than necessary, servants came bustling into the hall removing plates of unfinished food and putting desert plates in their place. Scanning the room Ethan counted twenty of the duke’s personal guard noting their locations around the room and above on the second-floor balcony. Quickly glancing furtively toward Anthor he watched him wipe his mouth with a napkin, get up, and excuse himself. “Celedryl go to our friends and tell them to gather their weapons," he said urgently seeing her questioning look. "I cannot explain how I know but I think an attempt on the duke’s life maybe his whole family is going to happen tonight at this very ball. Go to the duke’s children and warn them to arm themselves and stay close to the duke. You must hurry go,” he said firmly, leaning over quickly kissing on the cheek, leaving her sitting there he hurriedly made his way to the main doors of the hall.
  Once out of the main doors of the keep, he saw the earl casually walking toward the inner gatehouse and under the portcullis out into the outer bailey. Ethan hurried after him following him out into the bailey where he had turned left walking down a long row of waiting carriages. The line of carriages sported numerous gilded carriages and beautiful horses in colorful and sometimes gold accouterments matching the carriages they pulled. Standing alongside the carriages the drivers waited patiently for their master or mistress. Casually walking along the row of carriages, the earl is a master of portraying a visage of casualness and forbearance, but Ethan knew better the count is up to something dreadful and he would discover what before the night was over.
The outer baily is lit with numerous torches lining the inside of the walls in ornate wall sconces with enough shadowy areas for Ethan to flit in and out of.  Quickly switching to the stable side of the carriages Ethan followed Anthor down the long line of carriages. Finally, the earl stopped next to a driver and casually spoke with him. Quickly slipping between the rear of the coach they were standing next to and the horses of the next coach in line, Ethan hid in the shadows between the carriages stroking the two horse’s heads reassuringly trying to overhear the quiet conversation of the two men. The driver more likely to conceal his identity from prying eyes than from the chill kept his cowl and heavy cloak wrapped tight around him.
“Is everything in place?” the driver asked.
“Aye Seren the men you wanted inside the keep are in place as my retainers. I assume you have more in place. If anything goes wrong tonight and they are found out it will point back to me,” Earl Anthor said concernedly.
“You did your part now let me do mine and your dreams of becoming Duke of Qenildor will be realized as our masters have promised.”
“And when the king is dead your masters promised to make me king of all Volmoria did they not?”
“Yes, yes Anthor you will have all you wish for and more, but first we must rid the land of Duke Gawain and his family.”
“See that we have no mistakes Seren my head is on the block as is yours so remember that,” Anthor snapped turning he walked back in the direction he came from. Ethan moved quickly into the shadows near the horse stalls as Seren climbed the carriage to the driver’s seat.  Clucking the horses Seren moved the carriage out of line heading down the inner baily at a slow walk. Staying in the shadows, Ethan followed Anthor until he stopped at another coach in line. He said something to the driver that Ethan could not overhear; the driver quickly opened the carriage door allowing him to enter the carriage. Quickly closing the door the driver hurriedly climbed into the driver's seat and moment later the coached pulled out of the line heading down the bailey seemly in a hurry to exit the castle.
Ethan ran back toward the main hall his mind in a whirl. Who and how many were inside and how much time did he have before the attack? Are some the dukes own compromised he wondered running back though the inner gatehouse toward the keep? Reaching the main keep, he passed the two guards hurrying through the main doors of the hall. The music was louder than before and when he stepped into the main hall people were dancing and enjoying the music. The colorful and flowing gowns the women were wearing combined with the doublets the men were wearing created a moving sea of color in a normally otherwise colorless main hall. Making his way back to his seat he found Celedryl seated there waiting for him with a concerned look on her face.
“Celedryl the attempt on the duke and his family is going to happen tonight in the main hall. Earl Anthor is deeply involved with others equally involved fully committed to murdering the duke. The problem is I do not know whom to trust with the information,” Ethan whispered to her.
“I did as you asked, but the children are finding it hard to believe that an attempt on their lives will happen here in front of all the nobles and merchants, reluctantly they have done as you have asked. So what do we do now?”
“Even if we could convince the duke to end the ball it will not solve the problem the assassins will merely choose that moment to attack and in the confusion the duke and his family will be murdered. On the other hand, there could still be a lot of bloodshed here tonight.  I have an idea go to the duke’s sons and tell them it is going to happen tonight to warn the duke that we are probably trapped in the hall with most if not all the guards traitors and possibly some kitchen staff too. Tell them Danielle and Mitch is going to put a special martial demonstration for the duke and his guests.  Have the duke ask the guests to sit at their tables that will at least get them off the dance floor and into their seats. I will tell Mitch and Danielle my plan while you do your part,” Ethan said as he casually left his seat and headed toward Mitch and Danielle sitting farther down the table from where he and Celedryl are sitting. Once he told them his plan they hurried to their rooms and changed into a sleeveless leather jerkins, leather pants and soft leather boots. Quickly strapping on their swords they returned to the ball. 
“Please my distinguished guests and friends can I have your attention? Please stop the music I have an announcement to make,” the duke proclaimed standing next to his table. The crowd and music quieted enough for him to speak. "Our new friends have graciously volunteered to gives us a martial display that promises to be spectacular. Please take you seats that we may begin. Oh by the way I have my gold on the young lady, so place your bets and enjoy.” Laughing excitedly the guests in the hall quickly took their seats. 
Walking out into the middle of the room Danielle and Mitch faced each other bowing in the customary fashion sending a murmur racing through the room because they had never seen this kind of formality except before royalty. Drawing their swords, they warily circled each other looking for any weakness or opening to exploit in the other all the while the tension and excitement in the hall grew. Suddenly, striking with amazing speed their swords clashed sending sparks flying in all directions. They mesmerized the guests; a hushed silence descended over the hall, the only sound heard is steel striking steel. The skill these two talented fighters displayed garnered all of their immediate attention exactly as Ethan had planned.
Quickly scanning the room Ethan hurried back to Celedryl who had changed from her ball gown to her leather garments. “Celedryl did you bring your bow?” Ethan quickly asked.
“Yes my love I have it under the table,” she responded then realized what she had said and got all embarrassed.
“Good you see those two guards by the main door?” he asked casually pointing to the main doors. “They will bar the door at the first sign of trouble so no one can escape. They are your primary targets so when it starts kill them.”
 “How do you know that they are traitors?” she asked taken aback on his frank brutality.
“Because my love if I were running this operation that would be part of my plan,” he said smiling at her as he walked away. Not until he turned to leave did she realize what he had implied, her heart racing at both the thought of killing the guards as he directed, and the implications of his words.
By now, many of the serving staff had come from the kitchens lining the walls to watch the display. Only interested in the staff standing by the exits Ethan took notice of the closest one to him and casually headed in his direction. Where most of the kitchen staff were smiling and placing bets, he glanced nervously around the room with a scowl on his face because this display is certainly not part of the plan. Covertly sliding his right hand into the folds of his doublet, Ethan grasped his hidden dagger by the hilt. When he looked as if he was going to pass by the man, he inadvertently bumped into him pressing his dagger against his ribs. The shocked expression on the assassins face told it all.
“Easy my assassin friend not a sound unless you want this dagger driven into your lungs turn around and head into the hallway,” Ethan snarled quietly. As they went through the door, the assassin tried to reach for a dagger under his white kitchen uniform and felt searing pain as Ethan did as promised, shoving the dagger all the way into the assassin’s lungs and piercing his heart.  Blood spurted from the assassin's nose and mouth as he crumpled to the floor dead. Ethan dragged the body to one side, wiping his dagger and hand clean on the dead man’s clothes before returning to the hall looking for his next target.
A guard standing by the stairs leading to the second-floor balcony acted more nervous than he should be on such a festive night as this, his eyes and face giving it away. Walking up to him with a distressed look on his face,  Ethan excitedly told him that he overheard an argument between two servants over who was going to win the match and now a servant lay dead out in the hallway the other stabbed him and ran off toward the kitchens. When the guard stepped out of the ballroom into the hallway and saw whose body lie there, he turned quickly in rage drawing his sword only to find a dagger quickly trust into his neck. Two out of the way and how many more, Ethan wondered walking back into the hall after thoroughly cleaning his dagger on the guard's clothes. He certainly did not want to get blood on the pretty clothes he was wearing and besides he could not walk around with a bloody dagger in his hand could he?
Ethan is in his element; using the training, the navy provided to him to search out the hidden enemy and eliminate them at whatever the cost. He watched as Mitch and Danielle put on a quite spectacular show as always with their swords. It helps that they have been doing this for years to where it seems almost choreographed. Most did not know that but he did he figured it out after the first couple of times he had seen them do this. They knew exactly what each other was going to do and where their swords would be. Still overall, it is quite a site to see them spinning and dodging the other’s attacks. The whole hall had their eyes glued watching them when the attack began most not realizing what was happening around them.
The first to die is a young girl maybe fifteen winters struck from behind by a sword wielding guard. Her parents sitting next to her were stunned as her head flew from her shoulders bouncing on the table in front of her landing on the dance floor her headless body slumped over the table pouring blood. Women screamed and men jumped up in rage. An arrow from Celedryl’s bow suddenly flew across the room slamming into the murdering guard’s chest; he was dead before his body hit the floor. Arrows from her bow skewered the two guards trying desperately to bar the main doors thankfully leaving them open for escape. Two guards on the second-floor balcony pointing their crossbows at the dazed crowd suddenly fell one after the other crashing on the tables with bloody heads of arrows sticking out of their backs. Ethan guessed correctly that those were from Leadyl’s bow. From calm relaxed enjoyment, pandemonium and terror reigned with people trying to escape through the main doors preventing any soldiers loyal to the duke from entering the hall.
 Ethan scanned the hall to see where he could do the most good. Mitch and Danielle were fighting back to back holding off the traitorous guards, while the duke was not in any danger with a circle of dwarfs and loyal personal guard fending off an attack from a large group of servants. With the amount servants involved many more than Ethan first suspected, he knew some of them have to be Count Anthor’s retainers. Both Celedryl and Leadyl were picking their shots with growing effect. With the ball guests, still streaming out it would be few more moments until help could arrive.  The good news, if any could be found at this dreadful time, the attackers were not bothering to harm any of the fleeing guests their focus is to kill the duke. Suddenly, a circle of light with spiraling bands of gold, orange and red all spiraling outward like a funnel appeared and out walked three people dressed in the most amazing armor carrying weapons far superior to any he had seen since he arrived here.

~~~~

They are standing in the cave still in disbelief wondering what to do next when a funnel shaped circle of light with inward spiraling bands of gold, orange and red suddenly appeared before them. Hreidmar, Maiko and Garrett looked at each other knowing where they needed to go. Waving good-bye to their newfound friends, they stepped into the spiraling bands of light and into an unexpected melee. What they saw amazed them, death and carnage reigned throughout the hall, a large group of servants and soldiers pressed their attack on a group of dwarfs defending nobility, a man and a woman stood side by side in a fight for their lives against numerous attackers and two women with bows were picking off the attackers.
“Maiko use your bow to defend the dwarfs, Garrett to me we can help these two in front of us,” Hreidmar ordered. Without waiting, he charged into the fray uttering a loud battle cry his axe feeling light as a feather cleaving the first assassin in half his blood flying like throwing red paint from a bucket. Between him and Garrett, the carnage grew for no one could stand before them; bodies started piling up until no more assassins were left standing. The man and woman they rescued stood among the dead smiling gratefully so he smiled in return quickly looking for Maiko to see whether she is all right. He should have known she would be all right there she is felling assassin after assassin with her bow. Her hand flew faster than any could follow drawing an arrow from her quiver and releasing, each arrow slamming into them, causing a devastating effect on the enemy. Even Leadyl and Celedryl stopped shooting their bows too stunned at the spectacle of bowman ship they were watching. Suddenly, the fighting stopped when the last of the enemy fell from an arrow piercing his neck from Maiko’s bow.

~~~~

“Well, wouldn't you know it gone with a snap of the fingers,” Allen said pausing to snap his fingers before continuing. “Now what do we climb back down this mountain and do what? I have to admit for once in my life I am stumped.”
“You got me, I have no clue,” Tony said exasperated.
“I think the first thing we need to do once we get off this forsaken mountain is to go to the bolthole and get these disguises removed and report to the president,” George volunteered.
“That sounds good to me but what if when we get there we find out the president is compromised, what then?” Chris asked. Shocked that they may have to kill the president they stared at each other in shocked denial.
“If the president is compromised, or his aide Scott Anderson maybe we should stay in these disguises to see if we can get to the president as archeologists. We can tell them we found something that might explain who the aliens are that destroyed the fleet.” Tony offered with a shrug of his shoulders.
“What do we say we have? The only proof I saw is gone,” George chimed in.
“Look maybe we do,” Allen said pointing to the center dais.
“Is that the same parchment that Hreidmar read from or is it different?” George asked excitedly.
“Either way we have something to show the president,” Tony said.
“Let’s find out shall we,” George said walking to the dais. His excitement very apparent, he picked up the white and gold leather scroll case with gold caps on the end, removed the end caps setting each of them on the dais. Carefully he pulled the scroll from the case and began reading aloud.
"Behold this truth none shall disavow, that henceforth the defenders of the four corners of Earth shall not tarry for thine is a grave duty that naught will deter ye from fulfilling."
"Behold and heed these words the darkness cometh to destroy what is pure and light."
"Behold the spawns of darkness will harry the children of the light from one end of Earth to the other. Naught but the strength of the defenders of the four corners of Earth may stem the tide of darkness."
"Behold for the morrow will bring dire tidings of creatures of the dark that shalt take the form of thy children of the light and naught will know them for the evil that they art but thee, thy defenders of the four corners of Earth."
"Behold ye must seek the kings and queens, the dukes and earls, the nobles and peasants so thou the defender can verily discover if a cutpurse of the light is lurking in the midst thine friends."
"Behold the curse, darkness hath truly tarnished the Earth and thou the defenders must burnish Earth anew."
George carefully rolled the scroll up placing it back into the scroll case then replacing the end caps finally putting it in his backpack. “Well guys we got our message now we have to get our butts of this rock and go see the president,” George said looking from one to another for confirmation.
“It does say we have to seek out the kings and queens and that seems to point to the world leaders and the president of the United States would be a good start,” Allen added.
“Guys, I have to bring up an ugly thought one more time. What if the president or any world leader is compromised do we simply take them out,” Tony broke in.
“You know going around the world and killing world leaders could start World War IV if we are not careful,” Allen cautioned.
“Good point, to be sure we need to first determine if the president is compromised and if he is not we determine who. Then we can figure out what to do, so the sooner we get out of this cave and off this rock the better,” Chris said determinedly.
“I have a lame question,” Allen paused to see if he had their attention before asking. “Why is it we have to walk and Mr. Dwarf King gets a free ride?”
Chapter 11

Shaylee sat on the floor of the hall crying holding Durin’s head in her lap. He had received a ghastly wound in his abdomen protecting her and now he lay dying next to her. When the attack started, he had been close by trying to get up the nerve to ask her to dance. He saw an assassin disguised as one of the loyal kitchen servants take a long dagger from under his kitchen uniform and raise it to stab Shaylee in the back. He lunged grabbing the knife wielder's downward falling arm stopping it from striking her. The assailant quickly shoved him aside and drew back to make a slashing cut at Shaylee who had risen from her seat and turned around. Durin lunged in front of Shaylee to take the cut from one side of his body to the other falling face forward to the floor. The assailant thinking her easy prey now that her ineffectual protector was out of the way moved forward to make the kill. What he did not count on was Shaylee’s mother driving forward with her dagger and thrusting it deeply into his chest the look of shock on his face was only slightly gratifying to see.
 Now she sat with Durin watching him die. She could hear the sounds of the wounded and hear the mournful sounds of people grieving for the dead but none of that mattered to her. She did not know when the fighting had stopped and Bilgrammus had hurried to see if he could help but when he looked at the wound he shook his head sadly moving on to heal the less grievously injured. She did not hear the voice talking to her the first time nor the second time as it tried to get her attention. When she finally realized that someone is speaking to her, she looked up through tear-filled eyes seeing a young man and a young woman with a monster of a dog standing next to her. She wiped her eyes with the backs of her hands so she could get a better look at the person trying to get her attention.
“M’lady I think I can save him if you will let me try,” the soft-spoken young woman pleaded. She is dressed in light-brown heavy wool pants and a loose fitting matching long sleeve shirt tucked into her pants with a bronze ring belt and dagger around her very slim waist. To Shaylee’s fogged mind, she looked pretty in her way with her flaming red hair and hazel eyes and high cheekbones.
“M’lady please she can help you if only you would let her do so,” the young man pleaded with a concerned expression on his face. The shoulder length black hair, pale complexion and light-blue eyes startled Shaylee with the stark contrast.
“Please m’lady,” the young woman said stepping forward. With apprehension, Shaylee gently laid Durin’s head on the floor quickly standing to let her near Durin. The girl squatted next to him placing both her hands on his bloody wound. The young man quickly moved to stand next to her placing his hand on her shoulder in support.
Holding her breath Shaylee watched with her heart in her throat for any sign of a change in Durin's condition. Seeing none she nearly fell to her knees in anxiety, when suddenly she noticed the torn and bloody tissue on either side of the girl's hands begin to heal, it looked as though the skin was knitting back together. Seeing the miracle of healing, hope swelled inside her bringing fresh tears to her eyes knowing Durin would live. Watching the sweat drip from her forehead, Shaylee knew the young woman strained mightily giving all she has in hopes of healing Durin. Glancing at the young man's face, she could see a strained expression on his face too suddenly realizing he is doing more than simply giving her moral support he is helping her somehow to heal Durin. As the moments painfully dragged by, she continued to watch them in fascination until she noticed them swaying dangerously back and forth. Luckily, for the young man Bilgrammus walked up at the right moment to catch the unconscious young man and gently lay him on the floor. Shaylee sprang into action catching the young woman keeping her from fallen backward and cracking her head on the floor for she too was unconscious. With Bilgrammus’s help, she gently laid the young woman on the floor.
“Bilgrammus what happened here,” Shaylee whispered.
“The greatest act of healing I have ever witnessed my dear. With great sacrifice to themselves, they have brought young Durin back from near death to the living. There has not been a pair like these two for a thousand years that I know of.  Speaking of young Durin he is going to need a lot of tender love and care Shaylee if he is to survive this terrible wound,” he laughed to himself when Shaylee’s face changed to a look of concern hurrying to Durin placing his head on her thighs and gently running her fingers through his hair. Durin can thank me later he laughed bending to help these surprise visitors.

~~~~

Ensuring that his family was safe Duke Gawain had new guards brought in for additional security. The handful of his guard that fought to protect him tonight would not leave his side and for that, he is grateful each will be handsomely rewarded for their loyalty and bravery. His wife and daughter are safe seeing to young Durin making him comfortable in a guest room and after witnessing his bravery in saving his daughter, he is forever indebted to the brave young man. He will make a fine knight one day he thought walking toward the new arrivals and the giant of a man that came to their aide tonight. His two sons walked close by his side not wanting to leave him alone and again he is grateful to have such fine sons. He realized that after what happened tonight evil abounds and that death could come at any time and strike from any quarter. He is very thankful they were not injured or worse killed.
Seeing the splendor of their armor and weapons, he knew that they were a gift from the light. The dwarfs had a cordon around the giant that looked nearly impenetrable. It appeared that some of them had sustained minor wounds in the fight each wearing bloody bandages. He sighed quietly thinking about the lives lost tonight and vowed to apprehend the traitors who dared to commit such an atrocity. He would talk to Ethan tonight and learn what he knows. If not for his quick thinking and actions, many lives would have been lost tonight. Before he could say anything, a booming voice coming from the main entrance to the hall distracted him.
“Mah dear an' close friend Ah am slighted 'at ye did not invite me tae tonight’s festivities. If Ah had knoon, Ah would hae bathed an' put oan such finery as ye hae ever seen. Oh wait Ah am wearin' my best finery gie a dwarf some furs an' an ax an' we ready tae caroose an' drink aw night as well as anyone,” Brokk laughed striding toward the duke followed closely by Battlebur, Blackhammer, Norelia and Thrumbar. Not very ducal Gawain rushed to meet Brokk halfway for not only is he a good and dear friend he is the leader of the dwarfs.
“Ah am truly sorry mah friend fur th' slight. Ah will reprimain Tyrian fur forgettin' yer nam from th' guest list,” he laughed clasping forearms with Brokk in greeting.
“It appears yer Excellency 'at ye hud a grand fight an' failed tae invite me fur that too.”
“Quite th' contrary Brokk thes was a cowardly fight an assassination attempt tae kill mah entire fowk by cowardly spies in mah own castle. If nae fur Eatin a newcomer they might hae succeeded an' th' bloodshed would hae bin much worse,” Gawain replied grimly walking back toward the group. The dwarfs greeted each other with handshakes and backslapping. Suddenly Brokk took notice of the giant of a man, his armor and the ax in his wide belt. The more he looked he realized who and what is standing before him. Walking up to Hreidmar, Brokk gave him a hard look making Hreidmar became very self-conscious. When Maiko saw Brokk's demeanor she moved forward to stand next to Hreidmar with a look on her face that Hreidmar knew very well. It is the same look he gets when he is about to get into trouble thankfully it is directed toward Brokk and not him.
“Sae ye are the famed protectur ay th' dwarf king, Ah hud wondered which ay ye it would be. Since ye ur his protectur will ye be his queen tay?” Brokk asked in all seriousness. Maiko was taken aback for a moment but Maiko being who she is quickly recovered.
“Th' big oaf ay an idiot 'at he is has not asked me fur mah hand. Hoo dumb can one man be tae let such an eligible woman like me walk aroond unbetroth wi' aw these handsome yoong suitors about. Ah teel ye if th' galoot disnae ask me fur mah hand soon Ah jist might skewer heem myself in 'at big crease of his wi' one ay my arrows an' he willnae be able tae sit fur a month,” Maiko said in mock seriousness. Stunned by her words, the dwarfs just stood there in shocked silence, which in itself is quite new to them, then suddenly as one they roared with laughter.  Brokk was laughing so hard he fell on the floor. In a single instant, this woman had won their hearts. All those around them joined in the laughter even Hreidmar had a smile on his face because now he would force her hand. He waited for them to quit laughing and Brokk to regain his feet before he sprang his trap even though he knew Maiko was going to kill him for it. Taking his axe from his belt, he abruptly handed it to Brokk who took it cradling it respectfully.
“Maiko Mah dear Ah hae bin remiss an' not very mindful ay yer feelings oan such matters ay marriage. Since Ah am a dunderheid wi' a big crease 'at would make fur an easy targit Ah propose in front of aw of these witnesses 'at ye become mah guidwife an' ask ye fur yer hain in marriage, will ye hae me?” he asked with all the solemnity he could muster getting down on one knee before her. The silence that followed was near deafening while Hreidmar waited with baited breath for Maiko to answer. Well I guess I deserved that one but I am still going to make him suffer she laughed to herself pretending she really had to think about her answer. Shifting from one foot to the other as if in deep thought she realized it had started to get uncomfortable, and she might be pushing it a might too far. Reaching down she took Hreidmar by the hands gently directing him to his feet looking up into his eyes instantly knowing he loved her with all his heart. Finally, she knew in her heart that for the first time in her life she truly knew what true love is, not all those nights sleeping with different men searching for the right one, she found it in an unexpected way, and she did not have to sleep with the man to discover it.
“Hreidmar mah dwarf kin' wi' th' big crease Ah accept yer proposal ay marriage with aw my heart,” she said with a smile on her beautiful face. “Lit me fur warn ye 'at if ye take tay long fur th' ceremony Ah still may shoot ye in 'at big crease ay yoors,” she said as sternly as she could without laughing. Suddenly, cheers and laughter erupted about the hall with the wounded joining in the happiness that after such a tragic event is welcomed distraction.
“Yer Excellency Ah hae urgent news tae teel ye from up North is thaur a place whaur we can gab in private fur a time?” Brokk asked quietly after the cheering had mostly subsided.
“Yes Brokk even at this late hour we need to talk. I will have refreshments and food sent to my private dining room so you and your friends can eat and refresh yourselves. I will meet you there promptly but I must speak to someone right away.”
“We ur hungry your Excellency, Ah will tak' uir new king wi' us Ah am sure he is jist as hungry as we ur.”
“Thank you Brokk I will be there shortly.”
“M’lord I am going to take Mitch and Leadyl off for a time if you will allow me to do so,” Bilgrammus said walking up. “Oh, and Duke Unther is asking about your health and I assured him you are fine. His wound is not grievous he will be up and around in about a week.”
“Great news Bilgrammus, great news indeed," Gawain responded excitedly then continued in a more normal tone. "You may do as you wish I am certain you have your needs that need your attention during these times.”
“Thank you m’lord I will keep you informed,” he assured the duke, bowing quickly he went to find Mitch and Leadyl who were helping the wounded.
“Come, my sons I see Ethan over by Celedryl and Danielle, oh and Orin and Sakura to I think I need to talk to them as well,” the duke said walking toward them.
“Duke Gawain I hope I am not being presumptuous but I truly need to speak to you if I may?” Ethan asked politely when the duke and his sons walked up.
“Ethan I must thank you for what you have done for me, the dukedom and the kingdom. Without your instinctive help tonight and resourcefulness, things would have turned out for the worse. I am presumptuous to wish to speak to you even at this late hour. I fear that most of us will not get a good night’s sleep tonight. The rest of you please do try to get some sleep for I think tomorrow will be a long day for all of us. Orin and Sakura would you both be so kind as to join Ethan and me in my private study? Doric, please have the cook bring food to my private dining room for our friends to eat and you can meet us in the study afterward,” Duke Gawain asked, heading for his study.
Duke Gawain’s study is sumptuous for a castle but nothing compared to the study in the old manor house that his great-grandfather built but he liked it still. As a whole, the castle is too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter but the fireplace system built by the dwarfs when they built this castle actually kept it warm enough in the winter. In the summertime, they like to stay in the manor house where it is much cooler. The floors richly covered in carpets from Khuul in a mix of dark rich colors add balance to the tapestries direct from Tordar depicting mountain ranges and vast forests with rivers flowing down the center hanging on the left wall. The wall on the right is mostly closed black oak double wooden doors with brass handles leading to the private dining area. Hundreds of books line the wall facing the entrance from his great- grandfather’s time to now covering accounting, magic, war and countless of other topics. In front of the bookcase, a beautifully finished black oak desk and matching high back chair compliment the room with its elegance and fine quality. Five plush chairs with small tables next to them matching the duke’s desk chair are scattered around the room.
When Doric arrived, he found his father sitting behind his desk with Orin and Sakura sitting close to each other and Dorin and Ethan already seated. Closing the main door behind him Doric took the last seat.  Ethan quickly explained in detail what had happened leading him to make the decisions that he made and if not for the suspicious actions of Count Anthor that led him to follow him ultimately discovering his clandestine meeting with Seren he would have been equally surprised. He apologized profusely for the loss of life wishing he could have prevented it entirely. When he finished he waited patiently while those in the room took a moment to digest the information he had provided. He kept his eyes on the duke as his facial expressions changed from shock at hearing these developments, to sadness then anger.
“Ethan the work you have done this evening has been worthy of receiving an earlship for services rendered to the duchy and the crown. As a husband and father, I am greatly in your debt for saving my family from a terrible tragedy. If you will accept I am offering you a position in my court as Earl of Qenildor with no lands mind you, but in the light of the facts presented that may change in the near future. With this, comes responsibility and obedience to the duke and king. Along this line of thought Ethan, I would like you to head security answerable only to me. You do not have to answer right away if you need time to think this through before deciding,” Gawain urged.
“Father, will the king approve?” Doric questioned.
“When I present him the facts rest assured he will approve of it.”
Ethan sat in his chair his mind awhirl with questions. He understood royal hierarchy and if it is anything like ancient Earth, the duke is granting him great power and responsibility. Especially in the light of the fact, he is only answerable to the duke made him a target of any that would want to topple the duke. Another issue is he is still commissioned officer in the United States Navy. He felt confident he is listed as missing in action and not desertion but the fact remains he is still responsible for his duties in the United States Navy. So far, he has done them admirably because any defeat of the enemy here is a victory for Earth. After careful consideration, he came to a decision rising from his chair.
  “Your Excellency, I will accept this privilege to serve you with great pleasure and honor since you have placed much faith in me, I will do my utmost to fulfill and surpass your expectations,” Ethan bowed at the waist as he concluded. The room was all smiles at his attempt at formality and of course his acceptance.
“Wonderful Ethan I sincerely and with confidence name you Earl of Qenildor in name only for now but you can rest assured I will have Tyrian draw up the necessary court documents making it official. If time permits, we will have a public ceremony to confirm you as earl. Since you have so graciously accepted this position, I feel the need to find you suitable assistants that will not only help you succeed but perform your duties admirably. If I am not being too presumptuous, would the two of you accept the positions of Viscountess Sakura and Viscount Orin and serve under our new Earl of Qenildor?” the duke asked, looking directly at them with a serious expression on his face. The expressions of shock on their faces were enough to make the duke want to burst out laughing but thankfully, he kept the decorum proper, as it should be.
“Your Excellency, would you terribly mind if we step outside in the hall to discuss your proposal?” Orin asked respectfully.
“By all means Orin do not make a hasty decision, it is not to be taken lightly I am sure you have other considerations that might be in conflict, so take all the time you need. Would you mind stepping into the dining room and ask Brokk and King Hreidmar, I think it is safe to call him that I will have to ask Brokk to confirm that, to step in here if they have finished their repasts?”
“As you wish your Excellency,” Orin said as both he and Sakura bowed leaving the room. A moment later Hreidmar and Brokk appeared taking two empty seats. Brokk quickly told the duke about the humans and the southern orcs in the Northern Mountains and the destruction of the dwarf village. Again, it appears the duke is not one to hide his emotions on his face for they saw expressions of concern, sadness at the loss of more life and anger. They waited patiently as the duke gathered his thoughts and emotions.
“You bring us grim tidings indeed Brokk. I shall have to change plans to counter this, even where to send the thousands of women, children and the aging that will need a safe haven. I had originally thought to send them south to Highmeadow Village, and on to Deepmoor Castle and even as far east as Fort Blackshadow. If the orcs are going to march north from Deepmoor Barrens, then both the castle and Highmeadow Village are in danger of falling. For thousands of years the southern orcs have lived in the barrens content to occasionally raid north of the barrens and with a little coaxing, they would return to the barrens. For them to agree to come out in mass and join the fray, big concessions and promises must be on the bargaining table. If my cousin Duke Unther is up to a visitor, I will need to speak to him of these dire events. On to a happier note congratulations are in order I presume to King Hreidmar and to you friend Brokk.”
“Indeed, yer Excellency we welcome uir new kin' in nam only fur noo, he still needs tae be crowned. Will be leavin' today fur Celedryl’s valley, most ay th' clans should awreddy be thaur. King Hreidmar is more concerned about gettin’ merrit so his protectur disnae shoot heem in 'at big crease ay his,” Brokk said jovially making them laugh with him.
“You will not be going alone Brokk.” Hearing the familiar voice, they turned to see Bilgrammus enter unannounced in his usual fashion. “I beg forgiveness for the intrusion your Excellency but this cannot wait. I would like Leadyl to travel north to Lochhurst Lake Tower as it has come to be named, for she has to enter it and retrieve ancient artifacts destined to belong to her and her descendants.  I hope the dwarf king would agree to escort her to the tower then on to Celedryl’s valley to remain for the winter. Likewise, Mitch will need an escort to go to the tower in the swamp and retrieve his. Both quests could be very dangerous as those who would not want them to succeed could very well try to stop them.”
“I would gladly escort Leadyl,” Hreidmar looked to Brokk for approval and got it with a quick nod of his head. The new king would need Brokk’s help in most matters of state and governance but the art of war should not be any concern for him.
“One more thing they will need some time in my study to prepare themselves for the coming trials of the quest and it would give Hreidmar, Maiko and Garrett time to get a little more used to the changes in their lives,” Bilgrammus added.
 “Thank you for keeping me informed Bilgrammus it is one fewer thing that I have to contend with at this late hour. The more pressing issue is the sad state of affairs concerning Earl Anthor and his whereabouts. I know not the name Seren or what he looks like, but I do know the earl’s retainers when I see them. When he volunteered his retainers to work in the kitchen I should have known then that something was not right about it. Dorin and Doric leave now, and go to the earl’s estate take what knights you need with additional soldiers. Try not to kill anyone if you can help it and bring Anthor back in chains. I think we have settled on enough for now the few remaining hours' of sleep that we have left before dawn might be in order,” the duke said rising from his chair. Following the duke's queue, they quickly stood ready to find their rooms and get a few precious hours of sleep. Before they could process out of the room, Sakura and Orin returned advising the duke that they would be happy to assist Ethan as Viscountess and Viscount. The duke was very pleased with their decision and so was Ethan for he knew that he would not be able to go this alone.

~~~~

Leadyl and Mitch sat in a dark, musty, candle lit room filled with scattered scrolls, parchments and tomes piled high on shelves and a desk Bilgrammus sat behind looking at them intently. The room at the top of one of the square towers of the keep was built especially for Bilgrammus perpetuating the stories of wizards and their dark towers where strange and powerful magic is performed. “You do know all of this," Bilgrammus paused waving his hands about the room, "is a façade do you not?” When they looked at him with muddled expressions, he realized that they did not. “I suppose not and it truly is not your fault, for it seems on our worlds it is predicated that to be a wizard you have to live in a dark musty tower that stinks of old tomes and scrolls, look and be three hundred years old, and as in my case it is more close to being true than not, and have long white hair to go with a long white beard. Let us not forget you need to be an ugly old man! For the most part all of these old dusty books and parchments are really fluff. Yes, yes I see the looks on your faces, good information is contained in some of this rubbish piled in here but what you need to learn is in your head,” he said stabbing his index finger multiple times into the side of his head emphasizing his words.
“You mean like when I used my imagination to come here from my ship and give my sword certain powers?” Mitch asked quizzically. With a sigh, Bilgrammus sat back in his chair with a thoughtful expression on his face for a moment. They looked around the room still not believing a treasure trove of information is not hidden here, and if they could spend a month in here sifting through all of it they would come out powerful wizards.
“They are still not going to help you,” Bilgrammus stated flatly. When they looked at him quizzically he continued, ”the books my children, the books! As with many things in our world, you will find myth, and truth. Myth as far as I know, is one-person can shield a city, or an entire castle. The flying ships, the ones you told the duke about are a mammoth problem for the duke. So what was his first thought?” he asked, but did not give them time to answer before he continued. “The duke wants me to stand at the top of one of the towers and create a massively powerful shield that will prevent them from attacking from the air,” he concluded in an exasperated tone.
“Bilgrammus I have studied in detail earth’s Middle Ages specifically weapons and battles. I have some ideas that might help the duke, but the magic portion I am not familiar enough to help. If we mount ballista on top of each tower, and adjust them for range, direction and elevation could we not innate the steel heads on the poles with magic to pierce their magic shields?” Mitch asked.
“Their magic shields could be pierced in that fashion but unless you kill the dark wizards the shield will hold. It would certainly damage their ships and if we destroy the base for the magic the shield should weaken if not fail entirely.”
“Carrying it a step further if we had a wizard on top of each tower striking at the same moment as the ballista would that enhance the ballista attack?”
“It would at that Mitch but until the protective shield is down the magic attacks from the wizard would be either completely or partially blocked depending on how powerful the wizards are.  I believe these attacks would wear down the shield if not make it eventually fail entirely and as the ships draw closer we could have mangonels placed around the outer bailey with their buckets filled with sharp steel innate with magic that should get past the shield. In that sense, the steel should shred the sails and rigging thereby slowing them and in the process kill the soldiers on deck.”
“You could put grappling hooks on the ends of the spears with ropes attached and shoot them from the ballista. Once they latch onto the sides of the ships men on windlasses could pull the ship lower so archers on the walls can add to the mayhem,” Leadyl chimed in. Both men paused looking at her with smiles on their faces liking her idea, she smiled inkind pleased with their reaction.
“Very well I will inform the duke of your ideas and hopefully enough wizards will answer the call and arrive in time. We need more of them merely to enchant the steel and you can rest assured the dark ones will have far more at their disposal than we do. Mitch when you talked about the impenetrable shield, do you think the shield was one massive cohesive shield protecting their entire fleet or individual shields?” Bilgrammus asked with a contemplative expression on his face.
“I cannot say for sure it could have been one solid wall. When we tried to penetrate it with our modern weapons, they did not have any effect on it. They stayed in formation like a fleet would on water and when we tried to break through our ships were destroyed. It is possible they were all individual, but now that I think about it I do not think so.”
“It seems that the dark ones have gained in power far beyond our current abilities. I think they have found a way to join the individual shields into one. It would take enormous concentration to do so. They would need a minimum of two wizards per ship. One to form the shield and one to attack at the same time in that way each could concentrate on their specific tasks,” Bilgrammus theorized. “If time permits I will need to study this in great detail,” he said as an afterthought.
“Bilgrammus I have two questions if I may?” Mitch asked politely.
“Yes you may Mitch ask away I will be as forthcoming as I can.”
“Why was my fleet destroyed and who opened the threshold allowing us to escape?" Mitch asked gravely and inquisitively at the same time. Taking his hand in hers Leadyl squeezed it in reassurance.
“If I may be so bold and as to be as matter of fact as I can be, I would have to say the dark ones wanted you dead before you even got here so they sacrificed your entire armada. As to the second question I can only surmise the protectors of the light deemed it time to bring you here.”  Bilgrammus paused at the pained expression on Mitch’s face giving him a moment to come to terms with what he had told him. "It took great power for the dark ones to put an armada that large into space but at a cost to them for even their power is not unlimited. They risked a lot on one gambit to end the threat of you surviving to arrive here it has surely weakened them. As a rule, until they gain more power in the realm they want to conquer, they employ others to do their work for them.”
“What you are saying is the attacks made against me were done by their followers to eliminate the threat I pose to them, the attack on Celedryl’s village, and this latest attack on the duke and is family is there way of gaining a foothold on this world?”
“Yes it is. The first orc that attacked you I believe was truly happenstance. I believe he was a lone orc out to prove himself and return to his clan with trophies to show off his bravery and prowess, and of course, he could not resist Leadyl's scent. The attack of the wraith at Pine Hallow was their work as was the attack on Barge Road and the duke’s family. Another creature was sent to kill Orin and Sakura but it could not control its baser instinct to kill for the lust of blood that it lost sight of its mission to kill them.”
“Why was it sent to kill Sakura and Orin? What is their part in all of this?" Leadyl asked.
“They are agents of the light with very special talents in ferreting out agents of the dark that once they have they eradicate them quietly and professionally. Since, the light has seen fit to supply Orin with a gift it appears they have a far greater role than I first thought.”
“Who do they work for then? They cannot be going this alone."
“Very true Mitch they are not as you say going this alone. They are part of a well-developed organization or shall I say network of agents very powerful in their own right. Their leader is a very powerful wizard that has remained an enigma to even the most trusted of agents and to me. Again, as with the forces of the dark, not all agents have to be wizards to be useful as with Orin and Sakura.”
“How do they gain more power to eventually take of a realm?”
“Leadyl you have asked a question that could lead to hours and even days of speculation although it is a fair and very interesting question, it can create a lot of discussion and has certainly done so in the past. I will try to answer it as succinct as I can while separating the truth from the myth as I see it. In truth, if a world, a realm, a city or even a small village loses its core beliefs in goodness, love, compassion, and turns to hatred, the penchant to take innocent life that cannot defend themselves and outright commits murder for the joy of it, starts bloody wars with nothing but killing and conquest in mind the darkness gains the power it needs to take over a realm and exist there calling it theirs. Mitch’s world went through a time of Dark Ages where injustice, death and crimes against humanity were rampant, then the light started to gain back some of what it had lost and his world moved into the Middle Ages as sanity returned with love and compassion they eventually moved into the Golden Ages. With everything being cyclical, it is one example of the ebb and flow gains and losses between the light and the dark. Mitch your world fell back into the Dark Ages by the erosion of the core beliefs of goodness, love of life, fairness to all and over time deceit, mistrustfulness, hatred, death of the innocent and bloodlust caused an unleashing of an inferno that could have decimated your world. I believe your world like ours is in a time of a golden age but on the brink of fallen into dark times. I am also inclined to believe the battle to save your world from total darkness will be fought here and if this world falls into darkness then yours will be the next to fall. Please do not take me wrong there will be skirmishes on your world and I believe the guardians of the light have taken certain steps to protect your world from the agents of darkness,” Bilgrammus added quickly as he concluded.
“The dark ones gain strength when enough people let their essence, their being become so twisted in evil and darkness the light cannot return.”
“You have a good understanding Mitch, it is what most of us believe that actively fight the encroachments of evil. On our worlds many believe in the myth that what an individual or kingdom does will not have any real influence on the so-called collective multitudes. They believe that the actions of the few or especially the individual means nothing either for good or evil. So they do not wish to involve themselves in what they believe are petty conflicts or intrusions. We have our faults and weaknesses too. We tend to see the good in all people when there might not be a shred of good in them thereby underestimating how truly evil they are. The history our worlds are replete with accounts men and woman who were underestimated on how truly evil they had become so much so they were allowed to run roughshod over people and millions died for no apparent reason other than to disagree with these evil people or for the sake of conquest and the lust for blood.” Bilgrammus paused in contemplation before moving on to the reason he asked them here.
“We can spend far too long discussing this so I think it best to tell you why I have asked you here. I have a quest for you both that will entail some danger and harsh trials but if concluded successfully the reward will be great,” he paused seeing the look of concern on their faces. “I do not think that failure will result in death mind you but it will mean that we failed to gain certain things that will aid us in the fight against darkness,” he said trying to placate their fears. “The tower to the north at Lochhurst Lake will take the longest to get to and one to the south of us here in the swamp below the castle will be the most hazardous to reach. Each of you has gifts awaiting you in your respective towers. I am sure you are wondering how I know this to be true so I will tell you. I read it somewhere in a tome or scroll piled in the midst all this rubbish,” he said sweeping his hands around the room with grin trying to ease their apprehension.
“What is it that we will find in these towers Bilgrammus?” Leadyl asked tentatively.
“The odd part of all of this, it never said what would be there all it implied was that one would come from a distant world, we can presume it is you Mitch to claim their tower and another from here to claim the other in that way both worlds are joined as one. I believe it is the two of you more so Leadyl than you Mitch but again for all I know it is either Ethan or Danielle that will need to go on the quests. So now, for the crux of the problem I love this part when we shady, conniving, sneaky old wizards come up with this stuff. Somewhere in all of this rubbish you will find the answer you need,” Bilgrammus disclosed jovially again sweeping his arms around the room.
“Now wait a minute you told us that this so called rubbish would not help us and now you expect us to search through all of this mess,” Mitch grumbled waving his hands around mimicking Bilgrammus.
“Why of course my young friend you do not expect me to sit around here and search through this mess do you? For all I know, there could be a scroll somewhere here on how to make vegetable soup without vegetables. I will give you one clue, you have to pass a test of sorts, and if you can find your answers then you are truly the ones.”

~~~~

Dorin and Doric rode out of the castle leading twenty knights and their captains with two hundred soldiers on horseback heading north on Barge Road. Earl Brendan's estate is north about an hour’s ride then east down a hard-packed clay road for another half an hour. The column looked resplendent with the knights leading in full-burnished armor carrying their heavy shields and broadswords. The knight’s horses looked as resplendent as their riders did with the duke’s coat of arms beautifully sewn on the trapper covering the heavy armor underneath. The head armor is highly decorated but useful at the same time with a point sticking out that could impale or cut and enemy horse or rider. The full moon and cloudless sky gave enough light to make for a dazzling sight as these riders cantered by their armor sparkling in the moonlight.
Soon they turned off barge rode onto the clay road that would take them to the manor. Suddenly from the darkness, they could see a group of riders coming in their direction riding two abreast the front two carrying lighted torches. Dorin and Doric halted with two knights moving up beside the twins to stand four abreast with the rest following behind them. The approaching riders reined in their horses stopping about twenty yards away. All wore standard armor and carried shields blazoned with the Earl of Qenildor’s coat of arms a beautiful facing hawk with it claws outstretched attacking its prey. In years past while he lived Brendan’s father had always allied himself closely with the duke in all things political and in wartime but not in recent times. With Brendan as earl, it is the complete opposite, he was bequeathed a title he did not earn as his father did. One of the torch carrying riders detached from the column walking his horse slowly to stop in front of the twins.
“My lords and captains of the duke’s knights I present myself as captain of Earl Anthor’s personal guard,” he said respectfully bowing from the saddle.
“Captain Drake each of us has nothing but the greatest respect for you as a soldier and a man. My father has told me many stories of your sorties with him fighting both northern and southern orcs. Please with utmost clarity explain why an armored contingent is heading toward the castle this early in the morning without prior word being sent to the duke?” Doric asked respectfully for until proven otherwise this man deserved his respect as a solder and a friend of the duke.
 “My lord we are what is left of the solders under Earl Anthor for he and Counts Korin and Malaric and their families rode out with those loyal to them. A messenger arrived early this evening and Earl Anthor ordered us to stand down while he and soldiers loyal to him looted the manor of valuables, food, additional arms, and horses, and when the counts and their families arrived, they fled northeastward. All that remains at the manor are the servants and a small contingent of soldiers loyal to the duke to guard the manor and I am on my way to see him to enter my resignation and face his judgment for failing to stop the earl from looting the manor and escaping. These men are loyal to the duke and were only following my orders when they felt contrary to them.”
“My good captain you have not committed any wrongdoing in my eyes. I assure you neither you nor your men will not fall into disfavor with the duke.  Obviously, news from the castle has not reached your ears, for Earl Anthor and it now appears that Counts Korin and Malaric have some complacency in this, are part of a plot to kill the duke and his entire family. If not for the quick thinking and exemplary actions of the new Earl of Qenildor, we would all be dead and Anthor would be your new duke.” Doric watched the expressions on Captain Drakes face change from shock, to outrage and ultimately happiness at the good tidings. Doric knew he could trust this man with his family’s lives.
“M’lord, tell me what you would have of me?” Captain Drake asked solemnly.
“What say you Dorin shall I escort the captain to the castle with his men while you take ours and secure the manor for the new Earl of Qenildor? I will tell father about the two additional traitorous counts and I am sure he will send soldiers out to secure their estates,” Doric said turning in his saddle to face his brother.
“Aye Doric that will be fine by me,” Dorin replied enthusiastically. Dorin hated anything to do with court functions or diplomacy so he is more than happy to ride to the manor and secure it.
“Come captain gather your men I think it is high time you and your men met the new Earl of Qenildor if I know my father you and your men will become his new personal guard.”
Chapter 12

The hike down Mt. Roraima was long and arduous. When they finally got back to the base campsite, their guide and his porters all Pemón Indians had vanished with barely trace. Left with no food or shelter the four rested trying to recuperate from exhaustion, bug bites, slip, falls, and many other minor injuries. The incessant rain did not seem to help matters leaving them wet and chilled to the bone. To reach the Pemón village of Paraitepui they will need to cross at least two possibly swollen rivers from all the rain followed by a long stretch of savanna.
Reaching the Pemón village was far more arduous than they thought. When they finally arrived, the fear inside the village was so palpable a knife could cut it. Hiding in their huts the villagers refused to show themselves even when they called out for help the villagers refused them aid. Besides the stark fear they were causing the villagers, none of four knew the basic language of the Pemón people a Native American language of the Cariban family compounding the problem. Not sure, what to do now they started speaking the universal language of money waving it in their hands drawing the Pemón people slowly and cautiously from their huts. It appeared the chance of making money overcame their innate fear of the gods of Mt. Roraima come down from the mountain to smite them with their immense power. They each bought food to eat and received healing salves for the innumerable bug bites and abrasions. While in the village, they saw no sign of their guide or the porters that had stolen their tents and supplies. With additional money and the knowledge that they would be leaving the village in peace, they hired a truck and driver to take them to the town of Santa Elena and back to the Yakoo Lodge.
After a couple days resting at the lodge, they found themselves arriving in Denver Colorado clean for a change and well rested. They quickly rented a car and headed north on Highway 36 through Boulder to the city of Estes Park which had grown exponentially since the war with the advent of New Washington DC being easily within driving distance.  Once they passed through the bustling city, they picked up Highway 34 that meandered like the lazy flow of a river northwest, southwest, back and forth until it turned in a more southerly direction through the mountains.
Finally, reaching the first checkpoint leading to the White House grounds, the marines at the gate checked their identities with retinal scanners determining their identities quickly hurried them through the gate. Quickly approaching the second checkpoint, the marines waved them through without stopping them, something highly irregular and only done rarely for high-level dignitaries. By this time, they knew something is seriously wrong when they came to the final checkpoint with its massive gate standing wide open, cars ahead of them pulled to the side and marines waving them quickly through the gate. They drove down a short four-lane drive soon entering a massive hole in the side of the mountain leading to an underground parking garage reserved for visitors and government employees. Suddenly, a group of armed marines stopped them at a lowered gate whisking them off to the elevators leading to the Walkway of Death.
The walkway got its name because the designer created it to kill anyone or anything trying to enter the White House unauthorized. The large heavy steel flash doors at each end would slam shut sealing the walkway from the White House and the outside thus trapping anyone inside. The lasers lining the walls of the hundred-yard walkway with drop tubes for antipersonnel armor piercing grenades will initially take out personnel and light armored vehicles. Missile launchers are in place on the White House end with tank killer missiles that could destroy most if not all types of heavy tanks. If that did not stop them, the tunnel is wired with enough explosives to collapse the entire thing. As the disguised agents reached the tunnel, they were more than a little nervous especially the twins because they suspected their vaunted security system and been breached, their identities known, and they wanted to know by who.
 Walking quickly down long corridors, up elevators and down more corridors they finally managed to reach the large lobby in front of the Oval Office. Walking through a gauntlet of offices, they barely noticed people waiting in long rows of chairs for specific government officials or hoping for a chance to speak with the president. Some watched with apathy and the rest ignored the marines hurrying the disguised agents through the lobby before many who have been waiting for hours directly to the Oval Office doors. The lead marine opened the door ushering them quickly inside the Oval Office shutting the door behind them.
Sitting behind his desk the president eyed each of them before waving his hand inviting them to sit in the proffered chairs purposely arrayed in a half-moon fashion directly in front of his desk. Waiting for the agents to get comfortable, he scrutinized them once more amazed at the quality of their disguises.
“Well boys I have to say these disguises are one of your best yet. Although making yourselves twins might have not been the best idea but I still can’t tell you apart,” President Jackson said drolly. When Allen punched George in the arm and whispered I told you this was a dumb idea elicited a laugh from the president, they quickly returned their undivided attention to him. “Agents Tony DeLuca and Christopher Markowski I am not totally sure why you would get yourselves mixed up with these two guys but I am sure you will explain it to me later,” Walker heard a chorus of yes sirs from them returning his attention to the twins. “So how was your vacation on wet and rainy Mt. Roraima? Did you and our missing friends find what you were looking for?” This time when the twins mouths fell wide open with a look of pure shock on their faces Walker could not help chuckling.
“Mr. President we do have a lot to tell you, but could you tell us how we were compromised considering the complexity of our security system and our disguises?” Allen asked tentatively.
“Judith shall we let them on our little secret?”
“Why Walker it is as good a time as ever. Besides I am tired of running around behind their backs after all,” Judith concluded by presenting a smaller version of herself than the one at the warehouse. Suddenly, around the room were moving satellite images of them trekking Mt. Roraima, even one of the twins relieving themselves behind some trees.
“Judith please I know we built into your programming a comical sense of humor to make things fun, but did you have to show that one?” they asked together in a shocked tone quickly recovering from another debilitating earthquake that rocked their world. With those present in the room laughing, they could not help but think about the humor of the situation laughing right along with them.
Quickly bringing the room back to the seriousness of what they are discussing the president began speaking. “You boys seem to forget I was punching cows with my daddy on our ranch when you were a twinkle in your daddy’s eyes. As thorough as I know you both are, and by the way it is why I have you around and not here merely for the laughs, I know you have dug up every secret you could on me am I correct in saying that?” Walker asked and when the twins nodded their heads in unison he continued. “Well then you very well know I was head of naval intelligence for much of my career in the navy. I gained very valuable skills while at that post and met a lot of very interesting people so I learned enough to be the best in the world at what I do. Therefore, why don’t you tell me everything, oh and boys only one of you speak at a time. Did I ever tell you it drives me crazy when you both speak at the same time?” he asked jovially. When they finished, he sat unmoving for a moment contemplating what he had heard. At one point after looking at the scroll George had given him, he had asked to see one of the medallions admiring its beauty.
“While you guys were vacationing on Mt Roraima, I was not resting on my laurels waiting for you. I was busy sending Scott off in one direction while Judith and I were looking for any trends and common occurrences. Scott brought me some information he dug up and it flagged Judith and me to a trend that had been nagging at me. Here let us give you some examples so it will be easier to explain. Judith let’s start with Oleg Grekov in Russia,” an image appeared of him and a list of names under his. “He was born on September 19, 2963, making him sixty-five years old but when they found his body it looked to be over a hundred the same as with the others. As I am looking through all of this, I started noticing usually only one body was found with a lot of missing people showing up later. I kept asking why when I started looking at the data Scott supplied when I noticed a peculiar common trend. I asked Judith to do a search for any missing persons from the date that the body was found forward. A security officer for the Russian Defense Ministry went missing Natalia Yeltsin then shortly after an Alexey Kasyanov, a computer maintenance officer for the Russian Defense Ministry disappeared. Here is where we found the common trend you see Vadim Demeltyev he went missing shortly after them and he is a mortician. The mortician aspect of this is the prevalent on most of the cases. Therefore, what we have is a spy in the Russian government that has worked its way up the chain of command to a security level higher than the clearance of computer maintenance officer. I believe creature finds a mortician assimilates them then the additional bodies are cremated to not alarm any authorities. What I don't know is if the creature can change back to one of its previous victims ” Walker concluded sitting back in his chair waiting while they looked at all the images Judith had around the room pleased to note the expressions of growing understanding on their faces.
“It appears every major would power has at least one mole possible more. We have at least one here compromising us,” Tony offered. 
 “Correct only four people beside me knew all the details of the mission, Scott Anderson my aide, Secretary of Defense Young, CIA Head Boguslawski, and Director of the FBI Lopez. Authorities in Chicago found a retired airline pilot named Joseph Green dead his body looked to be over a hundred years old. They found his naked body in the public restroom still in the stall and no one saw a thing. Now we just learned we have a mortician," pausing for a moment with a thoughtful expression on his face the president continued, "oh yeah his name is Jack Hall and he went missing in Estes Park. It only gets better fellas I have a lower-level CIA operative that says she has information that we might find useful regarding the mall massacre and has requested a meeting with Scott Anderson.
“Is Scott going to be here sir?” Tony asked.
“Any minute he should be here. Judith, can you switch to stealth mode for a moment? For now Scott has not been told about Judith, and I want to keep it that way.”
“I have tracked his location sir he should be here in one-minute,” Judith advised.
“At this point you do not know how the medallions work other than they will protect you and warn of the presence of these creatures is that a fair assessment?” Walker asked, looking at each of them.
“With a very limited understanding of them and their specific uses, I can agree with that assessment. We hope to learn more as time goes on but the medallions seem no different from when we first got them,” Chris answered for them all.
Following a quick knock on the door Scott walked in dressed impeccabley as ever in a navy- blue suit, white shirt and matching tie while the agents are wearing casual business dress in keeping with their character. "I am sorry Mr. President I did not realize you had a meeting in progress. I will return when you are ready for me,” Scott apologized with an embarrassed expression backing toward the door.
“No Scott please stay you are part of this meeting, please come stand by my desk will you,” the president commanded. Scott quickly went and stood on the right side of the president facing the agents. “Anything at all fellas,” when they shook their heads no the president turned to Scott who had a questioning look on his face.
“Respectfully, Mr. President may I ask who these men are and what the purpose of this meeting is,” Scott questioned.
“Scott now that this little test is over please rest assured you will be brought up to speed. For now, all you need to know is that these are my personal agents, in disguise of course because they recently returned from a mission. Can one of you please show Scott the beautiful medallions you are wearing?” George quickly got up and stood before Scott presenting the medallion for him to see.
“The medallion is very beautiful sir but what does it have to do with any of this?” Scott asked as George returned to his seat.
“It has everything to do with this Scott. Judith is Marie Gonzalez on the way here?” Scott's confused look on his face had the four agents stifling their laughter. The president was definitely at the top of his game and Scott was way out of his league, for that matter they might be too.
“Yes Walker she is now on the floor below us headed to the east elevators. Walker will you introduce me to Scott at this time or do you want me to return to stealth mode?” Judith asked in a professional tone she appeared to have perfected in her programming. To Scott’s credit, he had recovered quickly from the shock and waited patiently for the president’s decision.
“Please forgive me Judith I will do so when we brief Scott a little later today. Is Marie getting close Judith?”
“She will be her in approximately two minutes Walker.”
“Thank you Judith you have been very helpful. You guys quickly move those chairs back and away a little forming a gauntlet for her to walk through. Scott, be prepared to answer the door.” Quickly responding they moved the chairs into position as the president asked. “Do any of you see or feel anything different with your medallions?”
“Mine feels warm to the touch Mr. President. How about you guys?” Tony asked, each nodded simultaneously taking them out from under their shirts quickly taking their seats.
Instantly after each of them was in their places, a quiet knock on the door followed. Looking at the president for permission to open the door, Scott waited until he saw a barely perceptible nod of the president’s head before opening the door. In walked a tall willowy beauty with long dark-brown hair and brown eyes wearing an extremely short tight fitting black dress showing her cleavage with matching black high heel shoes. Quickly closing the door behind her, Scott could see the medallions glowing brightly around the necks of the agents. Suddenly, the thing changed from a beautiful woman into the hideous creature it truly is. Screaming in rage with speed greater than anyone imagined it quickly moved toward the president who sat there calmly with not a speck of fear on his face. Suddenly, beams of pure light emanated from all four of the agents hands striking the creature turning it into a fine black ash before it could reach the president. Deafening silence followed inside the office and outside the Oval Office after the creatures scream.  The medallions quickly returned to normal but not the wearers sitting there in mind-numbed shock at the unexpected display of power.
“I have to say you guys made it look much easier than I thought it would be,” Walker said shattering the silence and bringing the agents out of their self-induced shock. The Oval Office door abruptly flew open followed by two Secret Service agents and two heavily armed marines.
“Is everything fine Mr. President?” one of the agents asked very concerned.
“Everything is fine Agent Hall thank you for your prompt response,” Agent hall was your typical agent wearing their intimidating black suits, white shirts and black ties.
“We heard a scream of some kind where is agent Gonzalez sir?” Agent Hall asked, looking about the room. With a questioning look on his face, he quickly noted the black dust on the floor but his attention quickly returned to the president.
“She was only her for a moment and left on an urgent task,” the president answered with a reassuring expression on his face.
“With all due respect sir I do not think we have any evidence she has left this room,” Hall said assuredly.
“Go check again Agent Hall I am sure you will see she was her for less than a minute and left very quickly. Thank you again but that will be all,” taking their cue the agents left closing the door behind them. “Judith, are you on it?”
“I sure am Walker I have her leaving the office and now she is heading down to the lower levels. I will continue the video showing her to eventually leave in a car assuring that all the retinal and badge scans to match.”
“Great work Judith! It appears we now know what you boys can do. We need to work out the details on how we are going to eradicate this planet of these creatures. We also have to clean up our house and put it in order. That brings us to the three others that knew about the mission. I have all of them coming here on the pretext of a short meeting to discuss national security. We will need to do the same test as before to determine who has been compromised.”
“All three could be compromised Mr. President,” Allen stated in a matter-of-fact manner.
“True Mr. President all the assassins were human beings that were turned in some way none were creatures so we don't know for sure if the medallions will detect them. All the reports seem to agree they did not act normally, they acted like automations of what a human should be but not real in a sense. It is hard to explain but the best way to describe it is they act like those programmed robotics devices used in surgery and things like that,” Scott concluded, shrugging his shoulders.
“Scott those soldiers in on the rescue I want them thoroughly investigated and possibly brought in the fold as part of the team. Make sure they are unmarried, no girlfriends or boyfriends, with no family ties whatsoever.  We will need to set up a complete network of our own agents to help us ferret out the spies and any moles so we can make them quietly disappear. No branch of government or agency must know about any facet of this operation. Eventually, certain members of congress will be brought in but they will have to be thoroughly vetted first. I do not have to tell you the evil that we face is of the great interest in national security and will be priority one for us.

~~~~

A whirlwind of a week passed preparing for war or making ready for long journeys. For Leadyl and Mitch, it had been a week of reading dusty old tomes and scrolls searching for the elusive clues that they needed to find. Finally, toward the end of the week Leadyl tried strictly using her imagination successfully locating her scroll. Excited she explained to Mitch how she did it and he was able after some effort to find his. Each scroll said essentially the same thing that each of them would travel to their towers and gain entry to the gifts of the light inside. Leadyl would go north to the black tower on the lake and Mitch would go to the black tower in the swamp. Each tower carried the weight of evil upon them and that insidious evil would keep them from entering the tower. To enter the towers they will need to purge the evil encompassing them making them pure in the light.
The scrolls told of an ancient story of good against evil, light against dark. Ithandus a great wizard lived in the south tower and an equally great wizard named Sythandria lived in the north tower. Sythandria with her long-red hair and pale skin with beauty beyond compare loved the mountains and the snow. Ithandus was handsome beyond compare with his long brown hair and brown eyes loved his swamp, forests and the plains beyond. It is said; they loved each other more than their beautiful marble white and gold towers, their mountains, and swamps and the creatures that lived there. Ultimately married by the light, they gave birth to many children bringing humanity to the world of Rhewan. With humanity, still young and a fledgling race, the faery creatures, elves, trolls, dwarfs and the like thrived in the light the two wizards brought.
Then something dreadful occurred that changed everything. The darkness ever jealous of the gains of the light sent evil minions, dark creatures to spread hatred between the races of man and faery creatures alike. A dark time came to the world of Rhewan, which means creation of love and the name of their first child. The ever-encroaching darkness threatened the entire world, people were slaughtering each other in nameless wars for the greed of land and gold, and mothers were selling their children into slavery or outright murdering them because they did not have enough food for them. The land became barren, as did mothers of all races human and faery alike and all the creatures of the land and sea. Food became worth more than gold or silver or all the barren lands combined. We now fought wars over dwindling food supplies and clean water.  Small pockets of people tried and did survive for a time but it became evident that the end was near the darkness had won.
Sythandria and Ithandus waged incessant battle against this darkness suffering defeat after defeat. Thousands of their children of the light lay dead their dismembered bodies strewn across the world and still they cried tears of pain at the great losses. At the last battle the last futile attempt to stop the darkness, they began to realize they would have to make the ultimate sacrifice to stop the onslaught of darkness. They could retreat no further, their towers fell to the darkness, and soldiers lay dead about them on the field of battle. They took each other’s hands and kissed one last loves sweet kiss joining as one. The wash of light grew as bright as the sun above and wherever it spread, it destroyed the darkness. It spread across the world in an instant to culminate in a flash of brilliant light as if a star exploded.  The world fell silent waiting with bated breath for more but their light of true love was gone forever a victim of the darkness and all that remained of the darkness was their towers like two drops of black indelible ink dropped on the world.

~~~~

After an all-around tearful departure, Leadyl left for her much longer and arduous journey north to seek her tower with Hreidmar and Maiko all the dwarfs with Gilia staying to be with Celedryl. His journey being the shortest Mitch decided to wait for five days to ensure that he arrived at his tower around the same time that Leadyl arrived at hers. During that time, he studied with Bilgrammus and continued to help Danielle teach the duke’s personal guard Shotokan Karate the art of empty hand fighting. 
The fifth day arrived faster than he thought it would when Mitch found himself knee deep in marshland north of the swamp with Cormyr, Garrett, Dorin, Doric and twenty hard-bitten soldiers all volunteers. The waist high grass they were walking through made whispering sounds as it brushed against their tight fitting leather pants making music with the sucking sound their boots made when they pulled them out of the mud, and the splashing sound their boots made in the water keeping perfect tempo. To add to their misery clouds of biting and stinging flying bugs attacked them unrelentingly from being stirred up by their passing through the waist high grass. As the morning wore on, a bank of clouds from the leading edge of a cold front deluged them with cold rain driving the flying bugs back into the grass to cling precariously there so as not be washed into the marsh from the downpour.
Both quests would be arduous in their way with loss of life for each. In one instance, orcs were hiding in the deep snow and as Leadyl's group moved through a small defile, they found themselves surrounded. The fighting was furious and fast Hreidmar swinging his bloody ax and Maiko felling the orcs with her never-ending supply of arrows. The small victory was costly for they had lost Norelia and Rocksplitter, each of them now fearful this was only the beginning of the death toll come spring when the orcs move south into the valley. Norelia was stabbing an orc in the eye with one of her arrows as it picked her up and crushed the life from her, and Rocksplitter who crushed an orc's knee only to have it fall forward on top of him burying him in the snow. Finally, when the fight was over they searched for him finding him already dead with a broken neck.
If Mitch thought his travails were unreasonably hard walking through the marsh, he found out soon enough how very differently leading them into the swamp proper turned out to be. Almost immediately, upon entering the fringes of the swamp they felt an unnatural sweltering heat where before they were chilled to the bone from the cold rain. A mammoth wall of dead looking vines, brambles, and thickets of dead looking stunted trees impeded their progress. They each carried sharp wide bladed vegetation cutting long knives that they hacked and cut at the vegetation with but the more they cut at it the more it vigorously impeded them. 
Making slow progress struggling in vain to reach their goal a rather thick thorny vine suddenly attacked them. Lashing out from deep within the thicket, it wrapped around a soldiers throat pulling him face first into the thicket with his bloody hands gripping the vine around his throat trying in vain to escape. By this time, they were fighting off the thorny vines attacking from all sides dragging two more soldiers to their deaths. Realizing only he could end this relentless attack and save their lives in the process Mitch delved deep into his imagination for the power he needed. With his hands outstretched on either side of him, the pure light of goodness and hope of saving those around him struck the vines, brambles and thickets shattering them into thousands of chard black minuscule pieces of deadwood. Switching to the front, he created a trail of blasted vines, brambles, and thickets for half a league.
Thankfully, they reached their towers without further loss of life for either party of travelers. Leadyl crossed the frozen lake without incident to get to her island tower then through the same type of vines, brambles, and thickets but she simple blasted a trail as Mitch had done leading straight to the tower. When they reached the towers, they made camp and pondered what to do next. Neither the scrolls nor Bilgrammus were much help with this part of the puzzle. Before departing on their quests, they decided to go about this the way they did to find their scrolls. They each knew this would be different in that they would be fighting the darkness surrounding the tower not sitting in a musty room looking for a benevolent item. This would be dangerous far more dangerous. They could feel the evil impenetrably enveloping the towers making them very fearful, overcoming that fear both knew in their hearts that they would know when the time was right to assail the towers and the evil engulfing them and in the end, they would succeed in destroying that evil.
When the time felt right, each of them walked up placing their hands on their towers instantly falling into an overwhelming darkness threatening to transcend their goodness and destroy them. They were like two tiny pinpoints of light trapped in a world of stygian darkness preventing them from removing their hands from the tower keeping them trapped in the darkness. In fear driven panic, they struggled mightily to remove their hands from the towers failing to break free. Realizing they could not do so sent overwhelming waves of panic racing through them nearly allowing the darkness to pinch out their tiny islands of light. Fighting with all their strength to no avail against the ever-encroaching darkness filled with hate and malice it teased and cajoled them with temptations of immensely powerful dark powers. Insidious power theirs for the asking if they would only give in and become one with the darkness. Resisting the temptations with all their might, the cajoling suddenly stopped changing to a torrent of darkness lashing them with searing blackness causing excruciating pain racking their minds and bodies. 
Still the dark voices droned on with threats of eternal death, pain and suffering if they did not join with the darkness. Under this relentless attack, they felt despair, self-doubt, temptation to succumb to the lure of dark power and doubt in the power of love, kindness, generosity and the power of the light to save them. All of this only strengthened the darkness around them. Desperately they struggled when suddenly they thought of how much they needed each other, and their growing love when suddenly they could see each other’s light in the darkness. They reached for each other sending their strength and love more concerned with protecting the other from the miasma like darkness.  In an instant, their power grew exponentially until a thin line of light joined each of their tiny pinpoints of light and at that moment, they were married in the light becoming one light, one heartbeat in the darkness. The line thickened with the light of pure love and goodness forcing the darkness to shrink from it. Suddenly retreating from them, they could sense fear in the blackness, a fear of them permeating the darkness where before nothing but hatred and loathing for them existed.
 After a time, they defeated the last vestiges of the darkness until nothing remained of it and with one last heartfelt surge of love for each other; they removed their hands from their towers. With the darkness finally gone, the towers returned to their normal appearance and the land around them came alive, retuning to its normal state from thousands of years ago. The tower itself was made of white marble lased with solid gold drawing intricate lines of beauty up and down the tower. Placed in an intermittent style were beautiful glass windows from the second floor all the way to the conical roof.  Directly in front of them is a solid white hardwood door laced with the gold sparkling with a pure white glow tracing elegant lines in a spiral around the door coming to a point exactly in the center of the door. Placing their hands on the gold spiral, the door vanished in a golden flash of light. When all of them entered the towers first floor, the door returned to normal closing them in.
The first floor is opulent to the extreme with its white and gold hardwood floors, a cheery fire in a fireplace made of the same material as the tower with comfortable chairs scattered around the room. Bookshelves matching the wood floors lined the walls filled with old tomes and scrolls. On one side of the room, a beautiful staircase made of white wood and a solid gold banister that followed it spiraled to the second floor. When they reached the second floor, they found a warm kitchen with a hearth and larders full of food, a table and chairs in the center of the room and a large window overlooking the land beyond. On the next floor up, they discovered a beautiful master bedroom with a lavish bed in the center and a fireplace with a cozy fire burning. As with the floor below, a beautiful glass window overlooked the land beyond. On a dressing table next to a large freestanding dresser was a large pitcher and bowl filled with fresh water. On the subsequent floors, they found a complete bathing room with two solid gold tubs, and a private privy and another room filled with small beds lining the wall in a circle with an open space between them.
Realizing they had to go the rest of the way by themselves Mitch and Leadyl left their friends to fend for themselves continuing their seemly forever-upward climb to the top of the tower. Finally, reaching the top, they found a room with nothing but a raised rectangle dais encompassed in a pure white light. On top of the dais, a long sleeve robe with a cowl and a long wooden staff made of white wood with gold traceries along its length beckoned to them. Each of them shed their clothes until only their small clothes remained. When they slipped the robes over their heads, they fit each of them as if made for them. Made of an unknown material the long white and gold robe flowed down the lengths of the bodies hiding their feet. Quickly putting on the white and gold sandals provided, they hurriedly strapped on their sword belts, grabbed their staffs and headed quickly down the stairs.
Returning to the others they found some were sleeping, others cooking food and at their sudden return, excitement and thanksgiving reigned. It turned out they were gone for far longer than they thought, with many nights past since they went upstairs. When they heard from them that it seemed only a short while they had been upstairs they became fearful that the room upstairs or the entire tower existed in a different time and time passed differently here they decided to leave. Upon exiting the tower, it vanished from the landscape as if it never existed.  In its passing from the land, it left a verdant area boasting of plants, animals, and things that had not existed there for thousands of years. Flowers, tress, birds of all colors fluttering around in the tree branches without dead looking vines, brambles, thickets of dead looking trees to be seen anywhere.
Chapter 13

The winter passed quickly enough into spring with war preparations continuing unabated through the winter. Duke Unther rode at the of head of five-thousand light cavalry, joined later by three thousand from the reluctant Duke Thoric at Whitepine Castle, and two thousand from Faycastle compliments of Countess Janarina who rode at the head with the duke. The plains riders were finally convinced into helping with what the duke thought to be upward of ten thousand riders on their small but fleet horses. His daughter Iiyania chose to stay at Castle Qenildor to help with preparing bandages and medicines for the wounded and the sick but he knew differently but with assurances from Llyandrus that there would be no improprieties he agreed to let her stay. Riding at the head of this contingent, the duke wondered whether this would be enough to harry the orcs forcing them to return to their normal hunting areas. He knew that he had to slow them from reaching Castle Qenildor at all costs. The costs bothered him the most, to talk about war and soldiers' dying is one thing, when it came time to give the orders that could mean the death of thousands was a different story.
  Ethan spent the winter falling deeply in love with Celedryl but with that aside he was a consummate professional above all else at his work and with Orin and Sakura's help they have increased the number of agents and unearthed two more high level spies in the dukes court. Mitch and Danielle took turns teaching the new personal guard for the duke and his family Shotokan Karate the art of empty hand fighting and Toyama-Ryu Batto Jutsu the art of swordsmanship. Surprisingly to the chagrin of some, the duke asked Danielle to be the captain of his personal guard replacing Captain Orlan who died defending the duke and his family. It did not surprise Mitch in the least when after Danielle showed she could defeat all comers in empty hand fighting and swordsmanship a new respect for her and her skills emerged. Since their martial demonstration and later training classes, it has become all the rage to have an elf made katana and to learn how to use one. Doric came to all the training classes and was an extremely fast understudy and Danielle was very pleased to see him daily.
Preparations for war at the castle have been proceeding very well so the duke had the manor house converted to a hospital for the wounded and the sick. He was very pleased when he found out that Magna and Thoryn were there to help with Lady Liyania Duke Unther’s daughter who chose to stay through the winter to lend aid. If necessary, the manor will be the last line of defense if it came to that.  A wide tunnel leads from the keep all the way to the manor house originally built by the dwarfs when they built the castle as an escape route from the castle during a time of war. In later years, one of the duke’s ancestors decided to build the manor on top of the exit, the decision to do so becoming quite fortuitous considering the circumstances they now faced. To prepare the manor for war the duke had the walls extended up another ten feet and put battlements around the walls so soldiers could adequately defend them. All along the inner baily, he had hastily built mangonels placed so that their buckets filled with heavy rocks could shoot over the walls to pummel the advancing enemy.
As a final act of goodwill, Duke Gawain sent all his knights and knights’ captains with four thousand heavy cavalry under Captain Caldwell north to what has now formerly known as Celedryl’s valley. The woman, children, and elderly that could travel he sent west to Faycastle and Sheepwatch Village near Dragons Bane Lake and anyone that could hold a weapon would stay to help defend the castle walls. The towns of Brookmoor and Qenildor are deserted and at the first sign of war, the duke will order the town and docks of Qenildor fired so the enemy will find no comfort there or use of the building material for siege weapons. As an added precaution, the village of Highmeadow south of the castle was evacuated east to Fort Blackshadow because the village is directly in the path of any orc movements to the north. Duke Gawain liked the ideas that Leadyl and Mitch had to defend against the enemy’s airships so he has implemented them around the castle. As for the cattle and horses, he reluctantly sent them all south to the farmland east of Highmeadow Village where they will be safe from slaughter.
Leadyl is safe behind the now completed palisade around Celedryl’s now expanded village to three times its original size filled with humans, dwarfs, and the welcomed company of twenty-four knights and four thousand heavy cavalry sent by the duke. Strategically placed along the walls, wooden watchtowers filled with archers are positioned so they can rain arrows down on the advancing orcs. She was not sure where she fit in on all of this deciding that if she finds herself outside the walls she would rather be on a horse than on foot so she is more maneuverable and if not up on one of the towers casting spells and using her bow.

~~~~

The attack on the palisade came far sooner than the traitor humans had planned. Massing at the far eastern end of the Celedryl’s valley the orcs could not contain their urge for battle any longer and moved to attack a week earlier than planned.  The humans wanted the spring thaw well under way so the ground around the palisade would be a massive mud trap for the knights and heavy cavalry. In those conditions, the orcs would easily decimate them but now with the ground still frozen solid the cavalry will have the advantage. With their only choices left to them to follow the orc lead, or put to the sword a thousand humans on horseback led the way. The orcs would not tolerate human cowardice.
Leadyl was up in the northeast tower as her wont every morning watching the sunrise when she saw the five human riders heading for the main gates of the palisade with a couple leaning over in their saddles with arrows sticking out of their backs. Riding hard and fast one suddenly fell from the saddle hitting the ground hard rolling his arms and legs flailing to a stop unmoving. The main gates already swung wide to let the already mounted knights and four thousand heavy cavalry do a practice charge raced out of the gates in a V formation. The thunder of horse's hooves and shouting men broke the sereneness of the early morning startling Leadyl with the suddenness of it. The V continued to widen as the charge gained momentum forcing the four remaining outriders trying to make for the open gates to turn away from the charging knights.
The crash of steel on steel resounded across the valley when the knights slammed into the oncoming enemy riders. Like nothing she had ever seen or heard, she watched their lances rip men from the backs of horses as if they were made of parchment not flesh and bone encased in steel. The warhorses of the knights slammed into the oncoming horses impaling them on their sharpened spike horns sharply raising their heads cutting them wide open. Broadswords flashing in the morning sunlight dazzled the eyes as the heavy cavalry carved their way through the ranks of men and horse indiscriminately cutting heads from their bodies’ blood and body parts sailing through the air. Headless horses fell to the ground sending their riders flying over their decapitated bodies subsequently crushed by on coming horse’s hooves. The initial charge only lasted mere minutes but the devastation of the enemy was nearly total and through all of this, the screams of dying men and horses echoed across the valley.
Leading the column through and away from the stalled attack, the knights swung them around for another charge before returning to the palisade. They hit the milling horses and men shattering what were left of a thousand men and horses crushing it. Bodies of men and horses flew into the air in a shower of blood and body parts reminiscent of the previous charge through their ranks. Again, the knights led the charge their lances ripping into the men on horseback throwing them to the ground a broken ruin. The heavy cavalry came next slashing with their swords cleaving heads and arms from bodies’ blood splashing over men and horse alike. The cavalry slashed their way through leaving behind nothing but dead and dying men and horses with a few survivors racing off to the south and east away from the battlefield. Never in her life had Leadyl seen such a thing, sickening her to the point she retched over the side of the tower to the ground below.
Quickly reforming the column inside the palisade to the cheering and adulation of all except Leadyl being too sick to care, they found that some of the wounded men and horses needed treatment from the wounds received in battle. Quickly dismounting the soldiers let their horses catch their breath and give them a little water. Looking back toward the valley Leadyl could see the advancing orc line spreading the entire width of the valley. Fear gripped her when she realized the magnitude of this attack. Never has an attack of this size ever occurred with more than fifty thousand orcs marching on them. Shuddering at the thought, she looked down at the brave knights and soldiers below knowing in her heart that many of them would not be returning from the next sortie.
She had to do something to protect these men but what. Carefully climbing down the tower ladder in her wizard robes and carrying her staff, she raced to the front of the line placing her staff and robed arm on the armor of the first knight and horse in line. She drew on her power of imagination and utilizing the innate power of the staff and robe, she made their armor impregnable. Easy at first she got through all the knights and began working her way down the long line each knight and soldier profusely thanking her for what she was attempting to do. The farther she went down the line of soldiers the weaker she became, as did the spell she was trying to cast. Knowing what she was attempting to do is beyond anything that she could do before she forced herself to continue drawing on her strength and imagination. She simply lost track of how many soldiers she had tried to help and it did not matter for she was near done in from the strain. Eventually losing consciousness, a solder that had been walking next to her caught her and her staff keeping her from falling to the ground quickly carrying her to the infirmary.

~~~~

The sun rose on crisp and clear morning casting its bright glow on the massive dark threshold opening on the plain north and slightly west of the castle on the west side of the Brookmoor River as if trying to penetrate its darkness and failing to do so. Trumpets blaring incessantly all over the castle signaled the attack had begun rousing solders from their sleep who quickly climbed the stairs leading to the battlements on the all the walls of the castle and barbican. Both drawbridges the one leading from the bridge and the one from the barbican to the castle proper were still down allowing soldiers to pour in from the barracks outside the castle. Armed civilians with their long pikes with metal hooks attached below the blades for pushing ladders from the walls marched in right alongside them. Fear and tension filled them knowing that soon they would have to close the gates and lift the drawbridges locking them in to face an unimaginable dark horde. Standing at the top of the northwest tower staring out of the embrasure at the growing force forming a league distant Mitch looked around the battlements, noticing for the first time that all the pennants and previous ducal flags except the current ducal flag flapping in the morning wind on the pole behind him were no longer in evidence. The blaring horns finally stopped their cacophony of noise and still he did not hear Bilgrammus approach over the din of war preparations now going on all over the castle.
“I have to kill the dark wizard holding the threshold open,” Bilgrammus said nonchalantly as if he were telling Mitch he had to go for a walk around the countryside this morning. Knowing Bilgrammus would have to be the one to go did not make it any easier for Mitch. He had grown very fond of him over the winter and did not wish to see him harmed.
“I know, what would you have of me in your absence?” Mitch asked forlornly.
“Do not mourn my loss yet my friend but it is most likely correct in doing so. The dark wizard holding the threshold open is very powerful indeed and I believe he is as skilled as I am possible even more.”
“If you do not return from battle, what then?”
“You will do as I have taught you during the winter; you will wield your powers for good and stop this scourge. Come, come no more discussion for the longer we discuss my potential demise the more of the enemy enter the field of battle,” Bilgrammus said in a gruff tone of a master instructing the student that Mitch knew so well. Focusing back on the need at hand Mitch could see he was right numerous flying ships are hovering over the field of battle and thousands upon thousands of enemy troops quickly and methodically formed up into ranks. The eeriness of no sounds coming from the enemy, no verbal commands being given, no shouts carried on the wind nothing but the sound of armor and steel unnerved him.
“How can I help you Bilgrammus?”
“How about a distraction while I form a threshold that will put me next to the monster holding the gate open.”
“What kind of distraction do you have in mind?”
“A magic one will do just fine. You told me about the special soldiers on your world that can, how did you say that old saying, oh yeah, reach out and touch someone. Reach into your imagination and use the staff as a focal point as I taught you and see if you can wreak a little destruction on their front ranks.”
Looking at him doubtfully for a moment Mitch turned back toward the embrasure staring at the mass of enemy soldiers on the plain. Raising his staff pointing it toward the formed up ranks a league away he imagined a searing flash of pure light streaking toward the ranks instantly decimating them. Suddenly, a blast of brilliant white light shot from the white and gold staff slamming seconds later into the front ranks of the enemy soldiers. A huge cloud of dirt exploded filling the sky with dead soldiers. When the dust and dirt settled Mitch could make out bodies all over the field. A sporadic cheering erupted around the castle from those watching the display of power.
“Is that what you are looking for Bilgrammus?” Mitch asked breathlessly quite surprised he could do that much destruction at such a great distance. During the winter, he had practiced on boulders and fared well with them but at a much closer distance than now.
“Indeed, my accomplished student, I knew you had it in you. Did you notice the threshold flutter for a moment when you attacked?” Bilgrammus asked and Mitch shook his head no. “Well it did my boy so this wizard might not be as strong I first thought. I might have a better than equal chance of defeating him. Continue my boy while I go and do what needs doing.” Mitch turned back toward the enemy sending bolt after bolt in their direction. Far easier than he first thought the destruction he was wreaking on the enemy was immense but he could feel himself tiring too. Looking quickly over his shoulder he saw Bilgrammus had already gone, knowing in his aching heart he would never see him again.
~~~~

Waking to the sound of moaning and outright shrieks of pain from the wounded Leadyl forced her eyes open. Staring about her, she is astounded at how many wounded are already in the infirmary. Panicking she wondered how long she had been lying in bed unconscious. Quickly getting out of bed, she grabbed her staff running from the room and out into the bright sunlight. Shielding her eyes from the sudden harsh wash of light she blinked her eyes and shook head in disbelief at seeing orcs along the top of the east wall. Seeing the ferocity of the orcs and their determination sent chills down her spine at the sight of so many. Quickly glancing around, she noticed the rest of the walls were free from attack and wondered why. Running as fast as she could, she burst into the little house she was staying in, quickly grabbing her bow and two quivers of arrows she raced from the house. Reaching the ladder to the northeast tower, she quickly climbed to the top leaning her staff against the railing and unslinging her bow from her back.
From her vantage she could survey the battlefield with ease almost like a general would. When the knights boldly made their last daring charge through the gates, the bridge leading from the main gate crossing the trench was quickly put to the torch. She wondered how many of them survived hoping her efforts helped even in a small way, knowing at the time she could do no less. While she was unconscious, the orcs had crossed the berm and in doing so impaled themselves on the sharpened poles their grisly bodies trampled as the unending flow of orcs crossed over them.
Quickly nocking an arrow, she saw Hreidmar, Maiko, and their dwarf friends hard pressed by the orcs as more and more ladders began leaning against the top of the palisade over the main gates. Taking aim, she let fly instantly satisfied to see her arrow sticking in the eye of an orc trying to pull himself over the wall near Hreidmar. Then she went to work with her enchanted arrows decimating the orcs along the top of the wall. Arrow after arrow flew from her bow each striking their intended target, the more she killed that many more took their place. Looking over the distant field of battle, she is disheartened at the sight of so many orcs. Quickly returning her attention to the battle she saw two of Hreidmar’s dwarf friends pulled over the wall by an orc at the top of a ladder.  Lifting her bow, she sighted along the arrow and released it striking the offending orc in the mouth to punch out of the back of its head spraying orc blood on those below.
The clash of steel on steel rang across the palisade with the grunts and groans of dying men and dwarfs mingled with deafening roar of rage and battle cries from orcs continued unabated for hours. The continuous supply of targets never ended nor did the supply of arrows with the orc dead piling up as fast as she could let fly her arrows. Orc bodies filled the trench and in front of the walls, it became obvious they would not need ladders soon; they could simply climb over the mounting bodies to rich the top of the wooden walls. Adding to the danger they faced the orcs have been slamming their bodies against the stout gates trying to wear them down and break through. At a great cost to them, the rigorous attack on the front gates has been going on for hours. Thankfully, she did not see a battering ram anywhere in sight.
With Maiko and her bow at his side, Hreidmar looked magnificent standing with legs slightly splayed swinging his bloody ax decapitating orcs. Orc blood sprayed like rain for the sky every time he struck with that giant ax of his yet they kept coming. While methodically continuing to spread her arrows, one of the archers in the tower tapped her on the shoulder pointing to the north. Squinting against the bright sunlight, she could barely make out running silhouettes coming toward them. Her first frightening thought was that more orcs were joining the fray but she soon realized that orcs do not run anywhere. Looking hard she suddenly realized that thousands of trolls were bearing down on the unsuspecting orcs.

~~~~

The battle has been raging for hours with no end in sight. Mitch had been roaming the battlements of the outer wall a killing machine bolstering weak sections where the attacking forces began overwhelming the defenders. Thankfully the black threshold had been closed for some time but not until they put upward to hundred thousand in the field far too numerous to count and at least thirty air ships. The air ships concerned Mitch more than the swarming mass of soldiers below the walls. Why were they not attacking them and where was Bilgrammus he wondered for the umpteenth time?
Working his way around the blood and dismembered bodies on the battlements, he soon found himself next to the duke and his fighting family. The twins stood on either side of their father hacking and slashing anything that tried to climb over the wall. Llyandrus moved up and down the wall using her bow with great effect while Shaylee darted in and out slashing and stabbing with her daggers. Blood sprayed everywhere with every slash or cut with a sword, bodies of the enemy piled up both in front of the wall and behind them in the outer bailey with the defenders that have fallen to the enemy. By now, the manor had to be overflowing with the steady flow of wounded moving through the tunnel.
Glancing quickly to the right he could see his friends and his sister fighting for their lives. Ethan and Celedryl stood side by side complimenting each other as a team with a combination attack with both daggers and a bow. Gilia stood by Celedryl protecting her flank with her daggers making sure that none of the enemy got near her. Orin and Sakura fought as a team with him slashing and cutting with his pure white rapier and her with her flashing daggers. The enemy came on as silent as ever, making nary a sound throwing themselves against the walls to die hideous deaths from burning pitch and boiling oil feeling nothing as if they were already dead inside. The only sound heard this day was the clash of steel on steel and the battle cries or cries of pain from those defending the walls.
Dwarfs, elves, humans, and creatures that have never walked this world until now attacked the castle in force. If not for the river, they would have already been overwhelmed. The enemy had managed to place floating land bridges across the river but at a great cost to themselves as arrows rained down on the attackers killing many of them in the process. Suddenly, it came to Mitch the dark wizards are sacrificing their forces to weaken the castle defenders before ordering the air ships to attack. They will attack when the outer wall falls, Mitch thought stabbing his sword directly into the eye of an invader.
Mitch quickly glanced toward Qenildor noting the town is still burning black smoke from the fires drifting off to the northeast mingling with the smoke from the burning pitch. The three towers on the bridge had gone silent with the heavy wooden doors busted in by battering rams with one tower so damaged it threatened to fall into the river.  The barbican fell shortly after when swarm creatures swam right up out the river with suction cup like feet; they scaled the walls and overcame the men there.  Mitch saw what was happening too late to save the barbican but did manage to kill most of the creatures with bolts of light from his staff with some escaping back into the water to be killed later when they tried to scale the outer walls of the castle.
Tiring from the exertion of his overuse of magic that he needed to save for when the flying ships entered the fray Mitch watched in frustration, as the enemy's trebuchets were made ready to reduce castle walls to rubble.  The trebuchet with its sixty-foot arm and heavy counterweight at the opposite end could hurl a two-hundred pound rock from its leather sling with enough power to slam into walls destroying them. They had spent much of the morning filling the ballast boxes at the rear of them with sand and rocks and now it looked as if they were ready to use them.
Mitch watched helplessly as the arm on one of the trebuchets released and a huge stone flew across the river hitting the top of the wall near the merlons slamming through the embrasures killing those at the wall only to fall to the ground in the outer bailey crushing those below. Before the dust could clear, another quickly followed the first slamming into wall killing scores of soldiers their crushed bodies falling from the wall to the ground below. When the third struck the base of the wall, the whole wall shook from the impact. Reaching the duke's side as a black slimy creature reached the top of the ladder trying to rip the duke’s throat out with its claws Mitch drove his pure white sword deep into the creature's throat killing it. The duke quickly pushed the ladder from the wall with his boot sending the creature and those on it crashing to the ground below.
“Duke Gawain we need to sound the retreat those trebuchets will be our undoing,” Mitch yelled over the din of battle.
“Indeed, I believe you are right Mitch,” he shouted quickly turning to the trumpeter yelling to him to sound retreat. With a single blast of the trumpet, the soldiers waiting in the outer bailey to reinforce the outer walls made a hasty but orderly retreat to the posterns at the bases of each tower attached to the inner walls and the inner gatehouse at the south end of the castle. Fortunately, there have been minimal attacks on the southern walls due to the swamp and the wet conditions at that end of the castle.  Once inside, they will man the battlements taking up the long bows and crossbows to cover the retreat of those still on the outer wall. As Gawain ordered the second retreat with two blasts of the trumpet, a second round of heavy rocks slammed into the wall one hitting the far northwest tower in the center and another hitting it at the top blowing the tower into useless rock and mortar that rained down on those below. When the dust cleared, the tower was nothing more than a jagged piece of broken rock sticking up slightly above the walls.
Defending soldiers trying to slow the advancing enemy so others could escape are suddenly dying in greater numbers all along the wall, blood and body parts flying as the enemy hacked their way through the embrasures. Gawain ordered three blasts of the horn signaling a full retreat from the walls also signaling the archers on the inner wall to clear the battlements of enemy soldiers when the defenders have cleared the wall. Thankfully, he had ordered his family and their new friends to leave the walls on the second retreat leaving him and Mitch alone on wall with the soldiers.
As planned, Mitch would be the last to leave the wall. Suddenly, right in front of him the head of some vile creature appeared in the embrasure intent on ripping him to shreds with the massive teeth in its mouth but Mitch with casual ease brought his sword straight down splitting its head in two blood gore spraying straight up into the air to splashing the merlons. Mitch quickly pointing his staff to his right sent a scathing wall of pure white light down the battlements ripping into the invading forces killing them. Turning he ran down the stairs nearly falling over the dead littering the stairs to an open postern door a guard quickly slammed shut behind him.
By the time, Mitch ran through keep and climbed the stairs in the northwest tower where he knew the duke would be the enemy airships were finally underway and fast approaching. The trebuchet operators had not bothered with changing the range so they are still incessantly pounding the outer walls. They were doing extensive damage to the walls and in the process, killing their soldiers mindlessly climbing the scaling ladders. Everything was in place for the airship attack. The wizards had conserved their energy for this and ballista teams are ready as are the mangonels and windlasses teams. Looking to the far west Mitch could see a long line of riders coming at a full gallop heading toward them. Tapping the duke on the shoulder, he directed his attention to the oncoming riders.
“Can you tell anything about them Mitch I for one cannot?” the duke asked.
“Nor can I your grace I hope they are on our side.”

~~~~

When the trolls slammed into the side of the unsuspecting orcs with their naturally heavily armored bodies, swinging their massive swords and axes, they punched deep into the thousands of orcs lining the valley in front of the palisade. That finally got the orcs attention away from the tiny dwarfs and cowardly humans hiding behind their puny walls for now they had a worthy foe. The orcs turned as one from the walls advancing in a rush against the trolls leaving the main gate free of orcs.
Hreidmar looked around confused as what to do when Leadyl yelled down from the tower at him to get his attention. “Hreidmar trolls are helping us! Hreidmar can you hear me?” The noise of battle was near deafening from the battle cries of the trolls and grunts and growls of the orcs interspersed with the sound of clashing steel and screams of pain and rage. “Hreidmar you must open the gates and charge the orcs from behind the trolls are outnumbered we must help them do you understand?” He shook his head yes jumping from the makeshift battlements standing in front of the main gates waving his gigantic yet beautiful battle-ax with Maiko standing proudly next to him. Soldiers hurriedly left the walls in droves to line up behind him with anyone else that could hold a weapon.
Leadyl knew she had to hurry if she wanted to stand on his other side. About to climb down the tower when sunlight flashing on steel drew her attention to the south wall she could see elves by the thousands running with their elven swords high swinging around the wall hitting the backside of the orcs. Flying carelessly down the ladder she ran through the crush of soldiers, then the dwarfs reaching Hreidmar before he ordered the gates opened. Yelling over the din of battle, she told him the good news. Nodding his head in gratitude, he faced toward the main gates with his bloody ax in hand. Leadyl drew her sword and with her staff in her left hand and sword in her right, she prepared for battle.
The gates were flung wide and with an ancient Norse battle cry (not sure, where that came from) Hreidmar with the dwarfs echoing it charged through the gates. Leadyl running as fast as she could pointed her staff like a spear and sent a withering blast of light ripping a gaping hole into the side of the main body of orcs throwing orc body parts and blood through the air. She discovered quickly that her robes are magically impervious to the blood and gore splashing everywhere; nothing could penetrate them nor stick to them. The battle raged now fiercer than ever. What no one knew was the knights and heavy cavalry had broken through the orc line and were now harrying them from the east side essentially catching them in a square box of death.  Leadyl knew the orc mentality would not allow any surrender; they would all have to die this day. She did not have time to reflect on how this loss of life even orc life sickened her, for she was fighting for her very life next to Hreidmar the Magnificent.

~~~~

Earlier Magna ran from the manor house converted to infirmary as fast as she could closely followed by ever-faithful Fangthane and Thoryn winding up on the northwest tower of the keep watching the duke and duchess talk to Mitch. She was not sure why she came rushing to the tower with so many injured still needing her help only that a feeling, a strong need for her to be here drew her, and a voice urging her to stay and be patient that her time had not yet come kept her here. It turned out the fast-moving line of horses and men were thousands of elves on horseback. She watched in amazement as their much-vaunted cavalry hit the enemy force with a hail of arrows killing thousands opening the way for a wave of riders to swoop in smashing pots of oil all over the trebuchets and the enemy soldiers operating them. Another group of riders quickly followed slashing across the line of trebuchets throwing lighted torches high into the air followed by a deafening explosion of flames reverberating against the castle walls as they quickly peeled away back into the main body of elves. The main body of elves slammed into the enemy force inexorably pressing forward to climb the walls paying no heed to the elves. She watched in amazement at how efficient the elves were with their swords when massive amounts of blood and body parts began flying into the air with such proficiency it astounded her. What she had not noticed is she was beginning to enjoy the show but Thoryn had and he was looking at her with a concerned expression on his face.
Enemy airships are fast approaching the castle; the soldiers are doing everything they can to slow the advance firing the loaded ballista as the wizards sent bolts of pure light slamming into the shields around the ships punching holes in the underside of the closest one. Suddenly someone yelled shields up and she watched in slow motion as the soldiers protecting Mitch, the duke and duchess raised their shields to protect them from a hail of crossbow bolts. Suddenly she felt something ripped from her chest, something dear to her heart. Looking on in horror, she saw a crossbow bolt in Thoryn’s eye, and two more struck deep into his chest. With his mouth wide open in shock, he crumpled forward dead. With tears in her eyes, she saw her beloved dog Fangthane punctured with numerous bolts lying on his side dead blood dripping from his many wounds.
Something suddenly changed inside her, a blackness filled with hatred, malice emerged stronger than ever, and she welcomed it with open arms. It started as a thin line of darkness growing quickly chasing the pure light of love before it wrapping her essence in total darkness. Enraged she pointed her hands skyward releasing the vast power that she had at her fingertips. Black lightening flew in all directions hitting the airships blowing them to cinders killing those on board sending their bodies plummeting to hit the plan below. The power she released dropped the duke and his soldiers to the roof of the keep holding them in place unable to move. Pointing her hands at the invading army, and with painstaking care she turned it into burned ash decimating the entire invading army. Then voices of reason entered her mind and she welcomed them. They told her she must flee for now but her time would come for vengeance. They sent her an image of a dark threshold leading to her new sanctuary. Duplicating the threshold, she casually walked through it disappearing from the battlements.
Epilogue

Sitting behind his mahogany desk with his back slumped forward toward the door Syran knew that death was coming for him. Looking in the mirror at himself, he concluded that he had died many years ago when he decided to take the course he had chosen in life. He had looked into his sunken black eyes no longer seeing the good man that he had been early in his life. To this day, he does not know why he chose the path that he did. In the beginning, something always tried unsuccessfully to nudge him away from the dark path he was on, but as the years trudged on it had grown fainter and fainter until it no longer existed, no longer urging him away from darkness. Therefore, when he found out the terrible news that his plans had failed he locked himself in his room to wait on the inevitable. Even his plans for the swamp orcs to join the fray did not materialize as he had hoped oh, a few did but Duke Unther smashed them mercilessly sending the rest scurrying back into their swamps and bogs. Still he waited and waited for more than two days until a rapping at his door nearly caused his weak heart to fail. Suddenly without his permission, the king’s wizard opened the door and walked in.
“Come, come Syran why the look of terror. You look as if death has visited you this bleak and rainy night,” Mallastyr said closing the door behind him.
“What is it you want from me Mallastyr?” Syran asked his voice weak and brittle sounding.
“Tut-tut Syran what makes you think I want something from you? Well in truth I do indeed want something from you but first we have some delicate matters to discuss,” Mallastyr sneered. Syran could feel the fear growing from deep inside his gut and moving outward to consume him. When he looked into Mallastyr’s eyes, he saw something he had never noticed there before and he cringed back into his chair for he saw the same look he has seen in his eyes ever since he chose this path of evil.
In a fearful tone, Syran asked tentatively, “what are we to discuss Mallastyr?”
“I think you know by now, yes I believe that you fully understand the position you are in for I see it in your eyes you recognize me for what I truly am. It actually feels so satisfying to be what I truly am then to be hiding like a coward from an unwise king that would not know evil if it sat on his lap. He is king in name only Syran you know that.  When the time is right, I will destroy him like vermin under my shoe. Enough of this prattling on about something that lies in the future, we must discuss the present. What say you my friend,” Mallastyr said friend in a tone that sent shivers down his spine.
“Mallastyr please I beg of you to let me live I will do better the next time, I promise I will not fail the masters,” Syran had come from behind his desk to fall to his knees groveling before Mallastyr.
“Syran begging is so churlish and debasing I wonder what that puppet king would say if he saw you so. Do you know the idiot king loves you as if you were his grandfather,”   Mallastyr snickered. “If only he could see and hear you now,” Mallastyr smirked. Something changed inside Syran for the better. That tiny voice urging him to accept love instead of hate returned. For the first time in as many years, it had returned and he welcomed it. He could feel the light tugging at the entrenched darkness in him. Thinking about the love this king had for him, he remembered things he had long since forgotten. Suddenly appearing in his mind as if they happened yesterday, images of the time when Renaldo was born and how happy he and the entire palace was brought tears to his eyes. He watched the child grow and all that time he had loved the child like a grandson for he was old enough to be the late king’s father. Grasping at the long-ago memory of love; he nurtured it until he felt the resolute wall of darkness yield the tiniest of a fraction. Opening his heart wide, he fought it drawing on his love for the king and suddenly the blackness was gone shrieking in fear of the light. He felt wonderful, unafraid of the evil before him. He stood as fast as his aged body would allow and faced his recompense for the evil that he had precipitated on his king.
“Mallastyr tell your masters they have failed! I am no longer under the spell of darkness; I am free of it forever. It is you that has failed this day Mallastyr for I now realize I love the king as a grandsire would,” Syran said passionately.
“Enough of this drivel Syran your king will remain alive while he is useful to us and just like before he will die of the same mysterious plague that killed his parents and sister. His father became more trouble than he was worth so I eliminated him. Why are you looking at me with that shocked expression? You did not know I killed his family, you really did not know I can see that now,” Mallastyr answered for himself laughing a derisively evil laugh.
“Mallastyr I truly did not know you killed our beloved king and his family, not that it would have mattered at the time for by then I was too far gone, but now if I could kill you with my bare hands I would,” Syran said angrily.
“I am going to make your death as gruesome as I can Syran mainly because I can, but it will be a warning to others not to fail our masters.”
“Again, Mallastyr they are your masters not mine and it is you that has failed,” Syran, proclaimed bravely. Mallastyr raised his right fist opening it slowly then slowly closing it squeezing Syran's heart in a vise like grip without even touching it. Excruciating pain struck poor Syran dropping him to his knees blood spurting from his ears, nose and mouth then with a sudden closing of Mallastyr hand Syran shuddered falling face forward onto the floor his life ripped from this reality forever.
King Renaldo Cedric Vanderghast listened quietly next to the door overhearing Mallastyr speaking with Syran his emotions ranged from fear, grief and anger at what Mallastyr had done to his family and now Syran. At first when he overheard that Syran was part of this plot to overthrow him he was deeply hurt then angry with Syran for his part in this until Mallastyr made his second mistake the first being he underestimates the fortitude and abilities of this young king. Now that he knows, who the mastermind is in all of this and Syran was not part of killing his family he would use the grief of losing his entire family and now his beloved adopted grandsire to give him the strength to destroy Mallastyr and stop this threat to the crown and kingdom.

~~~~

The first month of summer passed slowly with the rebuilding of Castle Qenildor and the town proper were finally progressing along reasonably well.  King Renaldo sent his thanks by sending builders and masons to help with the repairs paid with the king’s gold. The outer walls and barbican sustained the most damage and would need extensive repairs. The gruesome and unwelcome task of burning bodies and clearing the river of them, which involved throwing a large hook tied by heavy rope and dragging the bodies out of the water and adding them to the funeral pyre had to be the most tedious and gruesome of tasks. Adding to that the thousands carrion scavengers flying around being a nuisance with their raucous chirping and squawking were enough to make anyone go insane. Bucket brigades continually dumped water on the walls trying to wash away the blood and gore gathered there. The entire castle wondered if the funeral pyres would ever stop burning for they burned day and night until the dead were finally consumed. The stench of death and smell of smoke would permeate the castle for some time to come.
It took longer than Maiko wanted for they had their dead and wounded to care for but finally she and Hreidmar were married in the dwarf’s way, a simple agreement in front of the clan elders and respected witnesses to be mates and binding it with a party lasting a week. Humans, elves, and dwarfs alike celebrated with large amounts of food and drink guaranteeing many a headache lasting another week. After the wedding Hreidmar was crowned King of the Dwarfs with the circlet of gold he had retrieved from the cave with Bloodaxe and with a little help from Leadyl they nicked named him Hreidmar the Magnificent. Much to his chagrin the name stuck and another long week of drinking eating followed helping him forget it.
Leadyl returned to Castle Qenildor with Hreidmar and Maiko, a passel of dwarfs and humans including Brokk, Dulgar, Strongtooth, Hobnobby, Hairytoes, Bjorngrim and many others. Mitch and Leadyl were married in a more traditional way in the dukes main hall presided over by the duke, who by king’s law can legally marry couples. Leadyl was overwhelmed with happiness when she found out her mother Ameysthia and nearly her entire family rode in with the elves when they dramatically rode to the rescue of Castle Qenildor and would be staying for the wedding. She was very pleased during the reception when Duke Gawain stood formally toasting the newly married couple and graciously thanked the elves giving them a written declaration of thanks beautifully written in gold ink on white parchment. The declaration graciously thanked them for coming to the aid of the duke and the crown and henceforth from this day forward the Duke of Qenildor will support and aid, them in any just cause. Following that up with an order for one hundred and fifty elf made swords and a large bag of gold certainly helped.
A week after the reception, they left for Leadyl’s cabin where all of this began seemingly long ago to relax and enjoy each other’s company. As a wedding gift from the duke, they received a substantial amount of gold and promises of supplies and workers to help clear land for a large garden, horse barn, pen and barn for the milk cows and of course, to build room additions onto the cabin for the large brood of children they are likely to have. Ameysthia promised she would not be so scarce and when Leadyl was with child to let her know so, she can come and live with her. Mitch was a little unsure about the come live with them part but knew better to say anything right then.
  Ethan the new Earl of Qenildor, and soon to be duchess Celedryl, planned to be married by the beginning of fall and they would live on the former Earl of Qenildor's estate and have additional rooms at the castle. Many of the dwarfs chose to stay in Celedryl’s valley alongside the humans turning the valley into a new trading hub that would feed the south through the new Pine Hallow Trading Post. Doric got permission from the duke to ask for Danielle’s hand in marriage and she accepted so the duke decided to have a double marriage presided over by the king since he would be visiting at the time. Liyania has Dorin well in hand, she is either going to tame him or kill him with plenty of bets either way. Sakura and Orin well they are who they are to each other and only time will tell. Through all of this, Mitch and Leadyl wondered what had happened to Bilgrammus wishing to know his fate.

~~~~

Bilgrammus floated in this empty realm of pure light, for how long he did not know. Nor did he care for he felt safe and comfortable as in a mother’s womb. Nothing had the power to hurt him like the dark wizard in the realm of men that had hurt him mercilessly before he final defeated the evil wizard. He vaguely remembered the battle, both suffered as if they fought with swords each receiving terrible wounds from the power they wielded. He simply wanted to forget that terrible fight and rest, rest for eternity with no more pain and suffering. Voices suddenly intruded on his thoughts, “you are truly home now Bilgrammus you have served us long and well. We are glad you have finally returned to us for without you we are not truly whole for you see you are a part of us that has finally returned and we are stronger in the light.”
“Are you saying that I was never human?” he thought back.
“Like Ithandus and Sythandria were human, but unlike them in many ways. Like others after them but also unlike them, like the one, you called master but unlike him, the voices responded dryly but compassionately.
“What of the two humans Mitch and Leadyl?”
“They are human and elf but like you in many ways but unlike you. Come Bilgrammus you are home, join with us forever and be one with us again. Bilgrammus let go of his memories and what he had thought to be his own rational thought process and his single essence suddenly was no more.

~~~~

He sat in his comfortable chair thinking about the most recent events and was certainly not disappointed in how things ultimately turned out this time. His past errors haunt him with nightmares until this day and even if his masters have forgiven him, he has not forgiven himself for them. Thankfully, his masters are loving masters and he would serve none other. His two biggest failures outweigh all his successes and he must atone for those failures in his way. When he let King Cedric, Queen Irena, and Princess Naida, sweet Naida die at the hands of  Mallastyr and the loss of Syran to the darkness a piece of his heart died too. Mallastyr’s time is coming he would see to that.

~~~~

Duke Gawain could not sleep. The storm slashed at the castle walls like an invading army its darkness threatening all in inside. Lightning lit the night quickly followed by the earsplitting clap of thunder heard loudly over the sound of the ravaging wind. Lying next to him in their bed Llyandrus slept soundly snuggling close to him exhausted from a long night of pleasure. Trying to relax he focused on her soft breathing with his hand on her naked chest feeling the rise and fall of her breasts and the steady beat of her heart. A heart that he knew beat full of love for him and their wonderful children his heart swelling at the thought of their love for each other.
Drifting slowly into the darkness of the storm, he lost track of what was nightmare and what was reality. He found himself standing on Old Bofin Bridge in front of the barbican in the wind driven rain. Suddenly, a searing flash of lightning struck one of the towers followed by a roar of thunder nearly deafening him. Standing in front of him is a pure white horse with amazing blue eyes filled with love and pure light. Searing pain slammed into his mind as another flash of lightning drew him back to his room as a specter floating above his bed. Lying on his bed, he could see himself and his beloved wife sleeping next to each other. Suddenly, a hand filled with a gleaming dagger plunged the blade deep into Llyandrus's sleeping form. Seeing the blood dripping from the ghastly wound, he screamed her name until the darkness of sleep overcame him.

###



Glossary of Terms

a'  all
aboot   about
agin   against
-ae   ‘have’ as a suffix to a verb (widae = would have) 
Aebody  anybody
afore   before
Ah   I
afair  before
aff   off
ain   own
alang    along
aloyn     alone
alrecht    alright
amang   among
an'   and
ance    once
ane   one
anither     another
anythin'     anything
arenae      are not
aroond   around
aroun   around
'at     that
auld  old
aw   all
awa   away
awfu, awfy   awfully
awreddy    already
ay   of
bahookie   behind (buttocks)
bairn  child
ba'heid, baw heid   bald head
bairn  child
behin'    behind
bin   been
blae   blue   blueberry   bilberry
blether   (idle) chatter
bide    wait
bluid    blood
body   person (e.g. ‘Whit's a body tae dae?’)
bonnie, bonny   beautiful
brin'    bring
brither   brother
ca', caw   call
cam   came
cannae    cannot
cauld   cold
cantankeroos    cantankerous 
claes   clothes
claymore    the traditional Scottish broad sword (‘Gaelic claidheamh mhor’ - great sword)
comin'     coming
coo   cow
coods   could
cookin'   cooking
Coz    because 
crabbit   ill-tempered
crease   as in big ass
cud   could
dae   do
daein'    doing
daunce   dance (an old riposte: ‘Are ye dauncin? No it's just the way ah'm staunin.’) 
defendin'   defending
deid   dead
dinnae   do not
dochter    daughter
diz   does
doon   down (‘doon the water’ is a trip down the Clyde)
dram   small quantity of whisky
dreep   drip (also used of dropping off a wall)
drouth(y)   thirst(y)
dug  dog
dunderhead   idiot
eatin    eating
e’en     even
eejit   idiot
eest    east
efter   after
'en      then
‘er      her
erse   arse
fae   from
family   family
faither   father
favur     favor 
feart   afraid
feest   feast
ferm(er)  farm(er)
fest    fast
fin'     find
follaw     follow
foond     found
fortifyin'    fortifying 
fowk   folk
frae   from
frein  friend
fu'   full (also, drunk)
fur    for
gae,   go
galoot   idiot (stupid)
Gaun   going
Glen   valley
Gonnae    going to
Gie    get
Git    get
Guid   good 
Guidman     husband
Guidwife     wife
hae   have
hain   hand
hame   home
happenin'     happening  
haud   hold (‘Haud yer wheesht!’ = ‘Shut up!’)
auf   half
aur   here
havin'      having
hearin’   hearing
heem      him
heid   head
heidin’   heading
hert(y)   heart(y)
hink    think
hin’   thing
hoor   hour
hoose   house
how  hau   hoo
huntin'    hunting
hud   had
huv   have
includin'   including
insteid    instead
intae   into
intrudin'    intruding
Jist   just
joinin'    joining
joorney    journey
ken    know
kine    cattle
knoon   known
laddie   boy
lang   long
lassie   girl
league 3 miles
leavin'   leaving
leest   least
leid  lead 
loch   lake
loove     love
liken   like
lit        let
ma    my
mah    my
main    must
mair   more
mak    make
makin   making
maraudin'   marauding 
maw   mother
meid     mead
meit      meet
merrit   married
micht    might
min'       mind
mind   remember (e.g. ‘dae ye mind him?’)
mither   mother
mony   many
moontains     mountains
mooth   mouth
mornin     morning
nae   not
ne'er   never
nicht   night
noo   now
o   of
oan   on
onie    any
Ony    any
Oor    our
oot(side)  out(side)
ower   over
paw   father
pit     put
protectur    protector
puir      poor
reek   smell
reid     read
reit     right
requestin'   requesting
sae  so
scoondrels   scoundrels
shaa    shall
shoolders   shoulders
sma   small
snorin'     snoring
somethin'    something
sooth     south
soothward   southward
spick      speak
sprin'     spring
stan,   stand
stooter    stouter 
suin     soon
sweit     sweet
tae   to
taggin'    tagging
tak' take
targit    target
tay    too
teel     tell
telt    told
th'    the
thae   they
thaur   there
thes    this
thinkin'    thinking
thooght   thought
toon/toun   town
toty   tiny
trooble   trouble
troobled    troubled
twa   two
twintie    twenty
uir    our
unbetroth   unbetrothed
ur    are
usin'   using
wa    why
wan   one
warld      world
warst    worst
waur   were
wastin'      waisting
wee   little
wha  who
whit   what
wi'   with
wid, wud   would
wifie   (old) woman
wis, wus   was
wishin'    wishing
woods   would
woriat   worried 
workin'   working
worryin'      worrying
wrang   wrong
wuld   would
wull  will
wulnae     will not
ye   you
yer  your
yin   one
yoong   young
yoorselves     yourselves

MAGDA: RISE OF DARKNESS
Prologue:

He had been sleeping for thousands of years when something awakened him from his deep slumber. Something profoundly evil suddenly jarred him awake and he wondered what could emanate such evil, enough that it would cause him to wake from an enchanted sleep. Evil more powerful than anything he has ever known and he has lived longer than all others, by its existence has tipped the scales back in favor of the dark ones. He could sense two others with great power but of good not evil but although very powerful, lacked the strength to defeat evil of this magnitude.
How strange awakening in this fashion, he thought fully stretching his massive white wings a full eighty-nine feet from tip to tip, and still they did not reach the sides of the enormous cavern.  Lifting his massive head on its long golden-scaled neck, he looked about the cavern dimly remembering how he got here. The pure light emanating from the strange crystals embedded in the walls reflected beautifully off his golden scales as he stood on his massive feet. Searching his long memory, the details slowly came back into his consciousness.  The epic battle that sundered the mountain releasing the noxious underground river, the pain and death of one and the near death of the other, the pain he felt when his flesh was ripped from his body brought all the memories rushing back.
When they met, the world shuddered on impact. The last of their kind, in an epic battle to the death, good versus evil that would go mostly unremembered, many had died human and fairy alike with no one left to witness the death of a dragon.  At the time, Ithandus and Sythandria were fighting the last great battle to save all of mankind and fairy from the scourge of darkness threatening to overcome the world.
Massive Samael struck with blinding speed his black flame scorching the beautiful golden scales that Ryuu prized so much turning them black, weakening them making the flesh underneath accessible to the giant black dragon's massive red claws and teeth.  Dancing away Ryuu turned and unleashed a torrent of golden flame blistering Samael's ebony scales turning them white. The two mammoth dragons danced across the skies in a virtual dance of death biting, clawing, tail slapping with their long tails, ultimately crushing each other into the side of the mountain sundering it creating a sheer cliff on one side. Samael's bones lay buried in its tomb at the bottom of the mountain under tons of rock and dirt to remain there forever, its dark spirit destroyed.
As if it happened yesterday the memory of him struggling mightily to climb up the side of the torn mountain, barley able to crawl into the cavern crept into Ryuu's mind. Bloody and torn his flesh hanging in strips along his massive body, his wings torn to shreds to the point of no use, and his bones, his very bones broken and cracked he crawled into the large cavern to die. 
Ryuu wanted to die. Weary of a long life, an ancient fairy creature born in the beginning, he had fought his last battle; the time to rest for all eternity had finally come. Before he could die, a flash of brilliant light enveloped him healing him mending his torn flesh and broken bones and he knew it for what this was, the last great sacrifice of Ithandus and Sythandria spreading the healing pure light of true love around the world. Before succumbing to the sleep of dragons, he thought of his beloved Annabelinda and their young killed by Samael bringing large dragon tears to his eyes as he fell into a timeless sleep.
  The same tears filling his eyes from a time long past filled them now overflowing splashing onto the cavern floor, burning her memory fresh into his mind. The first time he ever saw her flying through the sky graceful and full of life as any dragon he has ever seen, he loved her with all his heart, so filled with love for her, he knew his great heart would break if she rejected his love. Oh, how he chased her across the sky in their little game of love they shared, all the while the other male dragons' vying for her attentions, attentions she never gave them. He remembered her beautiful eyes, her eyes that were for only him and no other dragon.
Realizing he needed to soar once again and feel the wind and the sun, he tucked his wings close to his body walking toward the cavern entrance high on the snow-covered mountain where no human could ever reach. Peering out of the opening, he could see snow covered mountains covered in vast forests of fir trees stretching for many leagues into the distance. Looking below him, he could see signs of the destruction he and Samael caused to the mountain still visible even after all of this time. Spying the river he helped create he decided he would follow it for a time and see where it would lead him.
Walking to the edge, he spread his wings feeling the wind buffet them. Leaping from the sheer precipice, he let the magic of dragon flight consume him lifting him into the cloudless blue sky luxuriating in the freedom of flight. Heading south, he followed the lazy river as it meandered from the mountains into a rich forest of pine trees.
Turning southeast Ryuu soon reached rolling hills and wide-open prairie land. His stomach growling Ryuu spotted a herd of prairie deer grazing peacefully below. Swooping down at an amazing speed, he scooped up two of the screaming deer quickly breaking their spines in his huge claws. Flying away from the herd, he dropped the deer to the ground landing beside the now dead animals consuming them quickly his strong teeth crunching their bones in a vise like grip their warm blood dripping from his mouth. Flapping his giant wings creating a minor dust storm in the process he quickly took to the air circling higher and higher until he became a speck to any below that happened to look up in his direction. Angling southeast, Ryuu soon reached Castle Qenildor.
Circling high above the castle his keen eyes could clearly see the death and destruction visited upon it, the evil that woke him from his deep dragon sleep had since departed. He knew before starting this journey the evil that woke him was long gone leaving a trace of its dark essence permeating everything. To find the powerful malevolent spirit he needed a starting point to begin his search. Casting his senses about in a wide circle, Ryuu he could feel traces of magic everywhere almost inundating him with the sheer volume of it. Something different tantalized the edges of his mind, teasing him with its darkness; he suddenly realized a threshold had opened here recently. Circling higher he created a threshold, a circle of light with spiraling bands of gold, orange and red all spiraling inward like a funnel suddenly appeared in midair in front of him. Dragons of his ability are not only able to trace thresholds and their approximate destination they can create one to follow them.
Flying directly into the threshold he suddenly found himself over Daganfel Citadel a dark, evil monstrosity of a stronghold with black spires reaching upwards of three-hundred feet and matching black basalt walls two-hundred feet high. The fortress is massive stretching deep into the volcanic rock as for as it does high, and is four furlongs square. Many died in the volcanic heated dungeons below the surface levels. Surrounded by nearly impassable mountains, enormous lava swamps, and The Great Battle Plain of the Dead the citadel has stood fast for its entire existence against conventional soldiers. Oh, many have tried over the eons to sunder the walls of Daganfell and, many have died excruciating deaths against the towering walls. The death and suffering only strengthened Daganfel.
  Circling wide around the jutting dark towers spearing skyward and adjacent mountains Ryuu could see human soldiers with a smattering of elves and dwarfs guarding the battlements. What caught his attention the most, were the grotesque evil looking creatures on two and four legs walking among them. Realizing he had been seen from below, he banked quickly northwest toward the Strait of Amara when a sudden flash of black lightning struck from the  highest most spire a glancing blow raking his side opening a ghastly wound. The sudden unexpected attack and immense pain surging through him nearly caused him to tumble from the sky. If not for turning as quickly and sharply as he did, he certainly would have fallen from the sky dead before he hit the spires below.
Dripping blood from the wound on his right side under his wing Ryuu quickly banked to the left sensing another attack coming from the spire narrowly missing him. Weakening from the massive blood loss, he instantly created a threshold. Quickly flying through it, he found himself flying low over the Crimson Dunes Desert. Starting to lose consciousness, he angled lower toward a large oasis ahead. Right before he plowed into the palm trees growing in the hard packed soil around the large oasis, his last conscious thought to warn them screamed frantically in his mind, he had to warn them of the evil residing in Daganfel Citadel.
