
Get Kilt: A Zombie Pill
Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by Raymund Hensley

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.



CONTENTS

THE RECORDED MESSAGE

CHAPTER ONE
The Home

CHAPTER TWO
The Pill

CHAPTER THREE
The End

ABOUT THE AUTHOR



THE RECORDED MESSAGE

 After the “incident”, a soldier patrolling downtown Honolulu discovered a cellphone in a bus with burning tires. Although the phone was damaged and deemed useless, a recorded message played on a loop. This is that message:

I'm stuck in the office. I'm too scared to go outside. Saidi, I love you. Oh, God...I hear them outside. I don't have much time, but if there's anything I want you to know, it's that I love you and that I wish I was with you....I can hear them outside in the hallway, running around, looking for people to eat so they can get faster, stronger, better. I'm so scared right now. They can run so fast. I saw one run after a dog and actually catch the thing. The old hag ate the dog, and then ran off, and I swear it was even faster than before. What is happening to these old people? Are they possessed? This isn't normal. Another one of those old...THINGS...picked up a small Honda and threw it at a group of cops. They were all wiggling, squirming under the car and crying for help. I had no choice but to vomit all over myself. The cops were shaking...bleeding...pleading.
I'll never get that image out of my head. Especially when those crazy old people started eating them. After they licked every bone clean, the monsters ripped off their shirts and started flexing their muscles and posing like champions. Some of them golf-clapped and nodded in approval. I saw cops SHOOT them – right in the body, sending those old people right to the ground. They just got right back up again like nothing happened. These “people”...they're like...like...zombies. They don't wanna stay DEAD. Creeping Jesus. They just laugh and kill everyone. They seem so merry. They laugh when they kill. So cheery. Why?
One of them smelled my musk and tried to smash their way into the office. Remember that taser my boss, Mr. Murbag, gave me? I used it on the zombie old woman – got her right on the forehead – and didn't stop cooking her until her eyes popped out and dangled by their optic nerves. It was quite a sight. God, forgive me. Oh, hunny. Oh, my love. I wish I was with you, wife. I love you. I'm so scared. I can't stop shaking. Timothy's dead. It happened in the copy room. I saw the zombie....I saw the old man lift Timothy up high into the air and snap his body in two like a pencil. His innards came out in a hurry. The monster drank Tim's torso like a gallon of milk. They're so strong. TOO strong!
How is that even possible? It's ridiculous! It doesn't matter now. All logic is shit now. The whole island has gone weird. Things don't make sense to me anymore. Where are the police? The soldiers? I don't understand. I don't wanna die. I wanna be with you, Saidi. Please, I miss you. I admit that YES I slept with Mary. If I'm gonna die, I want to be honest with you. YES, I slept with your sister. Creeping Jesus! Forgive me. I left her. She's not with me. I promise. (Crying sounds.)
Please pick up the phone. Dear God, I hope you're still alive. I hope you're not on the streets. (Crashing sound.) No! Nooo! Take your stinking hands of me, you old, dirty bastard!

OLD VOICE 1: Let's play jump rope with his guts!
MAN: Don't do it!
OLD VOICE 2: I have a better idea. Grab his feet. Let's make a wish!
MAN: Noooooooo!

(Big, wet ripping sound. Various splats. Eating sounds.)

OLD VOICE 1: I am invigorated! 
OLD VOICE 2: I am filled with life!

(A woman screams.)

OLD VOICE 1: Someone's in the office!
OLD VOICE 2: Eat her!

(Screams. Static. Message ends.)



CHAPTER ONE

THE HOME

JANICE ALTAIR

I celebrated my 80th birthday by getting drunk. Is that pathetic? It felt pathetic. I wasn't even a drinker. And yet, all those drunks were right! The alcohol killed my worries. My brain was numb. I smiled. I was relaxed. I gagged down my beer and slammed it down on the little glass table between me and the TV. On the screen was a newsman rattling on about some crime that happened in downtown Honolulu. Something about an old lady that held up a Japanese tourist at gunpoint. I shook my head.
“These Japanese tourists keep Hawaii on its feet! First earthquakes, now THIS?”
I got another beer.
That higher part of me argued against it. I was a health instructor, dammit. Well...before I retired. And it wasn't even my choice. Fred (my son), made me leave the one thing I was passionate about. All because of that night at the gym, at YEStrition. All because I broke my hip on the treadmill. All because I broke my hip on the treadmill and flew off and landed on a 101-year-old woman and put her in a coma. What the heck is a 101-year-old grannie doing at a health joint anyway? SHE'S the one that should stay at home – that should be left in her son's ratty apartment all alone – that should be getting stupid drunk – that should be worried about her son – that should be wishing his new girlfriend dead. My son, dating a stripper!
Oh. I'm sorry.
Dancer.
Let's move on to happier thoughts. My hip was fine. I assumed the beer helped. Jesus, never mind the pills, doc, just give me more beer.
I was fine. A-Okay. So why did I have to stay there at Fred's? There in his ratty apartment? Take me home. Take me home to my cats, to my fish, to my late night wrestling shows, to my TV dinners, to my morning jogs around the neighborhood. He didn't want me in his place anyway. He was just pretending to care about me. I could hear it in his voice. Whenever I asked for something – or told him to do something – he always came off sounding annoyed. I ain't no fool. He was only taking care of me because if he didn't, what would everyone think of him? What would God think of him? Maybe he'd toss Fred over his shoulder, send his body screaming right down to Hell, and maybe that scared the bejesus out of Fred. Yes! I understood it then. Praise the lord! It was all clear as crystal. That's why I was there – to cure Fred's damn guilt. Never mind about how I felt. Selfish prick! (I drank another beer) Always about him. Even then, he got me thinking about HIM. Amazing. How did he do it? I was impressed.
A rat zipped under the TV. Little bastard...thought he could just come in there and not pay rent. So I got Fred's nunchucks from off the wall and chased after the fiend – just ran after it with my wobble-run, swinging the nunchucks all willy-nilly. I broke a few pictures on the walls, glass going everywhere, some in my hair. I saw the rat-bastard on the kitchen table, smiling at me, GRINNING at me. He said:
“I don't want you here! You don't belong here. Get out of here!”
And I swear it was Fred's voice I heard. Even the way his voice goes up a little in pitch when he got mad. “Get out of here.” 
I screamed and threw the nunchucks at the rat. Bull's eye! I hit it! The rat did a back-flip right onto the stove, right where I was frying some Spam. The rat was on fire – a ball of flame that ran this way and that. I grabbed a broom and chased after it, trying to whack it. The rat gave out an ear-piercing cry and ran under the curtains. They went up in flames. The rat ran to the couch. THAT went up in flames. The whole damn place was going up in flames! The fire alarm was silent.
The place was filling up with smoke right quick, and all I kept thinking about was killing that rat. I had my hand over my mouth, coughing into it, looking for the little, dirty, disrespectful rat. And I saw it. Out from the black smoke, I saw its yellow, downright glowing eyes...those two little balls of light, melting through the smoke. The rat screamed. I screamed. We ran toward each other. It jumped on my chest and ran all up me and went for my neck. I grabbed it and pulled, but it had its teeth in my blouse. There was screaming outside. Fred was trying to get in. The door kicked open. 
“My apartment!” he cried, stepping back from the smoke. 
I ripped the rat free and threw it at him.
It landed on Fred's face, holding on for dear life. Fred went around and around in circles, screaming like a little girl. His lady friend tore at her hair, confused and crying....
I remember thinking, Good.
After this part, you'll hear my son yack to you about how much I hate all his girlfriends. Better I tell you now. It's true. I hate them all. I hate them because they're younger than me, and they're more attractive than me. I'm jealous. I want my looks back. There must be some kind of magic potion or something that I can take. Reminds me of that movie with that actor, what's his name? John McClane? Maybe if I exercise more, drink more water, eat less junk, eat more broccoli, WHAT? 
Sometimes I wipe away the moisture from the bathroom mirror and forget who I'm looking at. Is that me? Can't be. I don't look like that. That wrinkled, droopy, OLD face isn't mine. How can this be? Is this some kind of joke? Is this God's idea of a JOKE? I feel like I'm in a car that doesn't wanna go faster. I feel like I'm in a prison of flesh and bone. I have to get out. OUT.
The rat jumped off of Fred's face and ran down his GF's dress. (That's how these kids say girlfriend nowadays. “GF”.) Fred tore her dress off to get at the rat. His GF gave me a horrified look and fainted right on top of the rat, killing it. The poor fiend went like a water balloon. Guts were everywhere. 
I have to admit, later on when the cops arrived, I found myself chuckling.
A cop tried questioning me, but I puked onto his lap.
The next morning, I was hungover like a horse.


FRED ALTAIR

Mom burned my place down and didn't even say she was sorry. We were minutes from the home, and I couldn't wait to put her away. She was in the back, not saying a word. Sometimes she laughed. Just a few more minutes and she'd be out of my life for good. No more problems. I could live my life. I could make love to the woman I loved in my own home. Of course, I'd have to get a new place, but that was fine. I already had a new one picked out, in Waikiki, close to the beach. If my mom didn't burn the other place down, I wouldn't have that new one. I should've thanked my mom, really. I looked at her through the rear-view mirror. She was staring at me. No smiles.
I had to look away quick. I shivered a little. Gadzooks. I could feel her eyes pushing laser beams into the back of my head. It's funny. She gave no struggle when I told her that I was placing her in a home. She actually didn't even look at me. And so what? Am I supposed to feel bad? This is for her own good. For her own protection. Clair (that's my sister) and I can't take care of her. She's too much for me. Do I have to remind you that she burned my apartment down? That she drove my girlfriend to tears on so many occasions? That I couldn't have sex in my own home because my mom lived with me? I got no privacy; it was annoying. One time, right in the middle of sex, the bedroom door opened and my mom fell to the ground. She said, stuttering, “I'm just looking for some towels. Got any towels? Oh, never you mind. I'll go look in the bathroom. You two just go on and...pray or whatever you were going. It looked like she was praying.”
Then she left. She didn't even bother to close the door.
I still believe she was listening to us. And WHY? Why, I ask, would anyone listen to her own son make love? Or maybe she really was just looking for towels, I don't know. My mind plays tricks on me sometimes. Sometimes when I'm on the field, I throw the football at one person but end up really throwing it into the crowd. I almost hit a baby one time. Good thing that bird was in the way. Coach Olotto sent me to Dr. Leeway, and he said that I got hit too many times in the head and that I should sit down more often and drink more water. Long story short, the old noodle's getting soft. But so what? I'm making a lot of money playing in the game I love.
My girlfriend said that if I didn't put my mom in a home, then it was over. She'd walk out on me. My life was falling apart. My head going to the dumps I can handle, but my heart? NO. I had to do something. I had to pull my life together. Get my mind together. The first step was to get rid of my mom.
When we got to the home and I went around to open the door for my mom, she was already outside. I guess she wanted to show that she was still strong – maybe prove that I was wrong in thinking she was helpless. I remember saying to myself, “So close now. Freedom. Freedom!” Mom looked at the place. It was called Aloha Elderly Homes #6. Compared to numbers one through five, #6 was the cheapest and farthest. I had struck gold, Jerry, gold. And the place...the place looked like a refurbished high school, and it came complete with a playground. Some of the elderly folk were on the swings and in the sandpit. No one laughed. They all stared at me. Frozen. Eyes sad. Lost. 
I told my mom, “See? They even have swings here. You like to swing. I think.”
She said nothing; just stared up at the home – at the nurses helping little old ladies down hallways. Come to think of it, I think that particular elderly home was really once a high school way back in the eighteen hundreds, or something.
And just then something pinched me. It felt like a centipede was crawling in my chest.
Was I really doing the right thing?
Was it right to just DUMP my mom into the hands of strangers because I was too weak and too selfish with my time to take care of the woman that gave birth to me? That took care of me? I felt evil, and I hated it. My girlfriend materialized in front of my eyes. She was on the swings, naked, beautiful, her breasts soft and nice.
“If you change your mind, I'm leaving you!” She snorted and spat in my general direction. “You'll never touch these alabaster breasts again!”
I shook my head, grabbed my mom's arm, and walked her into the home. Sitting next to the sliding glass doors was an old man on a walker. He was covered in tattoos of angels and had a black eye. Tennis balls were on the bottoms of his walker for some reason.
“Welcome,” he said. “We do hope you enjoy your stay.”
He smiled, and his teeth were all silver and sparkled in the sunlight. I was impressed.
I walked my mom toward the front desk. An old woman was on the ground – just on the damn ground like she was sleeping, on her face – while a nurse rubbed the small of her back.
“Move on. Nothing to see here,” she said to us. 
The old woman with her nose to the floor said that.
The nurse just looked up at us. I think she was crying.
We walked by a glass window, and in those few seconds I saw old people arm wrestling, two nurses arguing with each other, old people playing ping pong, old people eating spaghetti in a messy way, old folk looking up and watching TV, and an old woman putting a cheery male nurse in a headlock. She looked at me and licked her lips. I had to get out of there. I wanted to be with my lady. Wanted to make love to her. HAD to make love to her to clean my mind of all this weirdness. Still, that nagging voice pinched me again and again.
I can't believe you're leaving your mother here. You're a bad son. The Devil is waiting for you.
“Shaddap,” I mumbled. “Shaddap, shaddap.”
I rang the bell on the desk.
I spent twenty years of my life under the hawk-like gaze of that woman. I was sick of her criticisms, of her judging my taste in women, of scaring them off just because they were dancers. I dated who I wanted, when I wanted, and I didn't care what anyone said, my mom or whoever. If I got mouth-bumps, or warts in my sensitive areas, fine. It was MY call. MY life. Right? I thought everyone felt the way I did. Everyone wants to live their life their way. I believed in freedom. I was a Goddamn hero! I spoke for the people! I was making a stand. I was doing what I thought everyone in the world was too afraid to do – that felt too guilty to do. If mom or pop tries to make a slave out of you, try to live through you, then do whatever you can to get them out of your way...out of your life...so you can live, dammit, LIVE. Is that so wrong?
The nurse was sexy. She had on gold, scorpion earrings, and a gold hoop ran through her nose. I pointed to it as pleasantly as possible.
“They let you wear that stuff here?”
“Yes. I wear these for religious reasons. In my homeland, Iowa, this is done to please our god. Like you Catholics and your various bibles.”
Only she said it like “cat licks”.
Something about her grabbed me the right way. She spoke with a kind of attitude. I liked that, and the front of my pants was curious. The old woman on the ground shot up and screamed. She was looking up at the ceiling and her hands were shaking, held up high above her. Her nurse was rubbing her back and whispering sweet-somethings into her ear. The old woman calmed down and closed her eyes, and went back to the ground. This time, she was on her back, and smiling.
The nurse behind the desk snapped her fingers at my head and got my attention.
“Don't let her bother you. She's like that when her bowels are uncertain.” Then she looked at me, confused. “Is she all right?”
I looked at my mom.
She was crying.
I signed the papers and left her there. A part of me died inside, but the man in me pushed those weak feelings aside. I did the right thing. I was free! And all I could think about was making so much love to my lady. As I walked toward my car, a saw a nurse lead a crowd of old people across the street.
They moved so slow. Many of them looked like they were gonna tip over if touched too hard.
They reminded me of those dead things in horror movies.
They reminded me of zombies.


JANICE

My room was dark. Tree branch shadows went up and down on the walls. So this is it, then, I thought. This is now my life. I wanted to cry again. I didn't care how stupid it made me feel. Odd sounds were all around me: Feet shuffling outside my door, snoring that turned into choking, weeping women, vomiting sounds, someone counting backwards, a distant cat being stepped on, a weatherman on TV, piano music, pills dropping to the floor, hands rubbing on balloons, splashing sounds, skating sounds...and sometimes I'd get a whiff of something bad. I forced myself not to think. No no no: The loneliness was getting to me again. Fight it; fight it. I don't need anyone anymore; I've trained myself to enjoy my own company. Sanglan popped into my head; he was leaning on his cane; he was all smiles. In my mind, I reached out for him. He waved...and vanished. The crying came easy then. I tried to make the best of it. Hey, at least I didn't have to cook anymore. In the home, I had the chance to just be lazy and have people feed me and bathe me. What the hell? Just give up all together. Just go with it, Janice. Just give up and get ready to die.
No no no.
I couldn't do that.
I could take care of my own damn self. 80 or whatever, I didn't FEEL old. My body was still vibrating. All those years of being a health guru paid off, and it felt dead wrong to just...to just get lazy and piss away all that work. So I got up and did pushups in the dark, and situps, and jumping jacks, and shadowboxing. After I worked up a good sweat, sleep was easy. I dreamed that I was on a mountaintop, eating some sort of frozen treat. Eagles were all around me. Some sat on my shoulder. I felt...free.
Alive.
In the morning, I did the same exercises again.
There was a terrible crash outside of glass shattering. I swung the door open and looked down the hallway. A male nurse was wrestling with an old man. 
“I'm okay! I'm okay!” shrieked the old man.
The nurse brought up a noose.
“Then what is this? Huh? At it again, eh, Coontang? I should report you.”
The old man was on his knees.
“Please don't. They'll take me away! Put me in the loony bin! Do you know what they do to old people there? I've seen movies, man. Movies. Don't let them take me away. I like it here.”
The nurse stuffed the rope into his pocket.
“I'm keeping this. Now don't let me see you acting a fool again. Right?”
“Yes, right, right. I promise.”
The nurse grinned and walked away. Coontang put his hands to the floor and began to weep. As if sensing me, he looked over his shoulder...and growled. I ran back into my room and slammed the door. He saw me. Was he sane? Was this a home for old people or a mental house? The stereotype was that the older you got, the crazier you got...the more you lost your grip on reality...your mind. Was it true? I began to worry. I shook my head and leaned against the door. No no no. I knew I was sane. I was healthy – physically & mentally. You needed to tend to both, see? That was the trick.
A knock on the door.
I didn't want to open it.
Another knock.
It was Coontang, I knew it, out to get me – angry at me because I saw him crying. He was ashamed. He felt less of a man, and now he wanted to reclaim his manliness by beating up an old woman. And then he would go all out. Sure. Why not? After committing sick murder, why stop there? I imagined him running all through the home, waving rusty, bloody butcher knives in the air and cutting off faces. He'd run outside to meet 50 police cars, lights all circling blue and red, and fall to his knees in disbelief at what he had just done – at all the faces he cut off and stuffed in his pockets. As the cops stick their guns in his face, he'd whisper how unfair life had been to his dreams, to his body.
I opened the door.
Coontang smiled and extended his hand for a shake.
“Jackson Coontang,” he said. “Pleasure to meet you.”
He had wiped the tears away from his cheeks. But his eyes were still swimming.


JACKSON COONTANG

That was a great morning. I showed Janice around the home. More people were up and about than usual. In fact, the place was absolutely buzzing with activity. It reminded me of a zoo, and someone let out all the snakes. I held Janice's hand as we walked, and I was delighted that she held back. I felt a connection with her. She was quiet and never interrupted...always listening. Being around her calmed my noisy brain. Being around her made the home tolerable.
“First thing's first,” I told her. “Don't talk to anyone that doesn't smile. Sounds simple, but trust me. People here don't lie about how they feel. Whatever emotion they're feeling, they let it allll come out. The weak ones do, anyway. I, for one, try to control myself. Control. It's the only thing we old folk have left.” 
She cleared her throat.
“I'm not old.”
I laughed.
“You're 80.”
“And what?”
“That makes you old.”
“Are there people here who are 90? Or 81?”
“Well, Miss Feewoy is 90...” I said, “...and Grackow is 81.”
She waved me away.
“As long as there's someone older than me, that makes me younger. Makes me young. Understand now?”
She was smiling up at me: Eyes shut, all teeth.
I saw her point – and it was a good one – and for a second I bought it. Then, as was always the problem with me, I thought of people 80 and under. The youth. I bit my tongue. They always made me feel like punching through a wall. When I was a younger man of 80, you could find me in the park everyday all day, playing soccer with the guys. Reliving my glory days was my true joy in life. After the guys all died, something in me died. The passion had faded. The joy was going away. I had no one to play with. Loneliness set in. I felt time catching up on me. For the first time in my life, I feared TIME. I started thinking about how Benway got a heart attack and collapsed in the cereal aisle, how Jamantha crashed her car into a bus of nuns because her brain just “gave out”, how Dizziton's cane broke in two and he fell into a manhole – right into the sewer and drowned in all that filth. I couldn't stop thinking. I was polluting my mind with junk. And it was right then that I got sick, got weak, got TIRED. Whenever I got into that terrible vibration, all that helped was biting my lip.
Janice said that my lip was bleeding. I said that it was normal, and we moved on.
We walked into the playroom.
“This is where we go to play various games: Ping pong, chess, hide and go seek, Twister, so-forth and so-forth. Every once and a while, Jealousy The Clown comes down and tries to cheer us up by doing all these back flips and magic tricks and moonwalks. The guys usually just stare right through him. That stupid clown hates being here as much as we do. Whenever I walk by and catch him doing his act, his face is filled with rage & boredom. Once someone cracks a smile, he throws his hands up, packs up his bag of tricks and animal balloons, and says, “All right! My job is done. Smell ya folksies later.”
“I hate being called a folksie. Makes me feel old.” “I hate that damn clown. I threw a cupcake at the back of his head once when he was leaving.”
Janice frowned.
“Be careful. The more you push against something, the more it pushes back.”
That crazy old girl Heineken zipped by on her roller skates. Janice yelped and hugged me. My heart jumped. What was happening? Did she like me? Maybe this girl was the one? Was she flirting with me? Did I have to make moves on her? Did I even remember how? What was the next move? I had to say something.
“ Heineken must be in a good mood,” I said. “She's wearing her goggles and helmet.”
Heineken whooshed by a nurse, scaring her, and disappeared behind a corner. 
“Att'a ma way!” she went, words fading.
Her skating girlfriends sailed by us. It was a damn platoon of old people rollerskating.
“That looks like fun,” Janice said. “Think I could join them?”
“Sure. One thing, though. Heineken is their leader, and if there's anything Heineken hates, it's rollerblades. This other woman (I think her name was Yangyang Harowiski) joined them. When she showed up with rollerblades, Heinekan tore them off her feet and threw them THROUGH a window, hitting a passing dog that was last seen skating down traffic. Yangyang ran away crying and was never seen again. I think she lives in Mexico now, God help her.”
“Why?”
“Well, I hear the water in Mexico gives you the runs, and it's just so hot there.”
“I mean, why does Heineken hate rollerblades?”
“Heineken was the master and commander of rollerskating back in the '70s. When the '90s came around, she met her enemy: Rollerblade queen Reena Yamatosha-Gag. There was this big tournament in Waikiki called The Roller 2000. Everything was 2000 this and 2000 that back in those days. The whole island showed up for the race. It was bigger than the Honolulu Marathon. The Roller 2000 would determine once and for all which skate was “better”. The roller skate, or the rollerblade. The race was to start in Waikiki and end at Kaneana Cave (Makua Cave). I always felt it was a bad spot to end a race. Exhausted skaters could wobble off and tumble down to the ocean. It would be a long-ass fall, indeed.
“Right at the sound of the gun, Heineken and Reena were ahead of the pack – neck-to-neck all the way to the end. They looked very professional as they went, leaned forward and all. It started to rain later, but they just kept going, nonstop, even when two cars slipped on the road and crashed into each other right next to them, they just kept going, huffing and puffing. When they reached the cave, Reena tried to push her off the cliff. KILL HER. Just to win a race. The whole thing was caught via helicopter. Heineken tackled her and they went skating into the cave, headbutting and biting and punching each other in the gut. Long story short, Heineken got the crap beaten out of her, and Reena went to jail; but she still won the race. And Heineken's been PO'ed ever since. Sometimes I hear her skating down the hallways at three in the morning, mumbling something about “caves...caves....” No one complains. We all feel too sad for her. Just let her skate. But if you want me to introduce you to her, just let me know.”
“Never mind,” Janice said. “I don't even know how to skate.”
“What do you like to do?”
“Pushups, situps, shadowboxing, normal things like that. I used to be a health instructor.”
“Do you like...soccer?”
She smiled.
“I love soccer. Are you a player?”
“One of the best,” I said, grinning. “I can teach you all my tricks.”
Someone young screamed. A nurse ran out from a room, carrying a tray of pills and little cups of water – ran right into a wall, knocking herself out. The tray hit the floor and the sound pierced my ears. Pepper walked out of a room, pointing at her arm.
“She tried to stick me with a needle!” she yelled. “I said NO needles! Don't you young idiots understand English?! You kids think you're so hip with your complicated shoes and lazy tongues!”
Other nurses ran to her and put their hands up in front of her, trying to soothe. Janice came close to me.
“Is that person crazy?”
I moaned.
“That's Pepper Ann. She's 90.”
Pepper saw me and narrowed her eyes and licked her lips and rubbed her breasts in a sexy way. The nurses dragged her back into the room. I took Janice's hand and moved on.
“Best you stay away from Pepper,” I said. “She's worse than crazy. She's a witch.”



HAWAII MOUNTAIN POLICE
Investigation Report - 12/01/11

Summary: On 11/28/11, Debra Hateer was found up a tree in the Ke'eawa woods. When police tried to coax her down, Mrs. Hateer proceeded to pelt the officers with rocks and sticks and spit and wild hisses. A pebble dropped into Lieutenant Bligh Sharlamain's eye. He fell to the ground bleeding and weeping and was sent to the hospital for physical and mental evaluations. Lieutenant Clipe Whitenhoussen brought out his gun to shoot Mrs. Hateer and protect himself, but she hit him in the face with a jagged rock that sent him to the ground unconscious. The remaining officer, Lt. Dia Mamia, threw a rope up at Mrs. Hateer and lassoed her foot and dragged her out of the tree.
In Lt. Mamia's own words, “Mrs. Hateer was like a dog with a stepped-on tail.” She continues: “It was an old woman. Another one of those THINGS. She began to eat the other officers. I tried kicking and shooing her away, but it only seemed to make her more excited. Finally, I tried shooting her body, but to no desirable effect. The old woman jumped up at me and went for my face. I ran my fingers into her skull and yanked out her eyes. I puked. Then, remembering my younger days as a rodeo clown, I got my rope and tied it around the zombie and threw the other end up a tree and pulled as hard as I could.  I hung that monster good. So good, in fact, that her body disconnected from her neck and fell down like a sack of onions. The head swung, eyes moving in circles, that mouth opening and closing...spitting.”

(Rest of report missing.)



JANICE

Jackson took me outside, and we played soccer for thirty minutes. He was once a champion soccer player, and world famous, too. I felt bad for not knowing. Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods...these people I knew were famous sports stars, but whoever heard of Jackson Coontang? He was teaching me all his tricks, and he was a good teacher. It's a gift. Some people are born with it. I was falling for this man. I liked being near him. He was strong, and I felt safe, like nothing could harm me. His arms were skinny, but decades of running around and doing squat thrusts and horse stances made his legs thick with muscle. He kicked the ball to prove his strength to me, and it flew all the way over the hospital, right onto the other side. A car alarm went off. A baby cried.
I was impressed.
As we played, a bug crawled across my brain.
That lady...Pepper...invaded my thoughts. Why did she make those sexy moves at Jackson? Did they have something going on? Exhausted – mentally by thinking about her for too long – I asked if we could take a break from playing. Jackson agreed, and we sat down on the grass. I sipped my water.
“Did your family dump you in here, too?”
“Of course,” he said. “Once upon a time, my wife left me, took the kids and all my money and went to the Philippines and married some jackass game show host named Kuya Antong Lopez. The end.”
“That's a tragic story. You should publish.”
He gave out a laugh, and we smiled at each other.
And then he asked me a question that I wished he hadn't: “Are you married?”
The question brought my dead husband to my mind all over again. He was waving – always waving. Was he saying hello? Or goodbye? I was never sure.
“I was married,” I said. “His name was Sanglan. He died two years ago.”
“I'm sorry. May I ask how he died?”
“He got a heart attack while ice swimming in Alaska. It was so sudden. I don't understand it. He was healthy – always exercising and doing situps. And then his heart just gives out? What? How does that happen to someone taking such good care of themselves. He was the one that got me into this whole health thing. Now I'm addicted to it. I'm afraid that if I slack off...I don't know...maybe time will catch up with me. Time will sense me giving up and come running out from behind that tree there and kill me.”
“I know what you mean,” he said. “I fear time, too.”
“That's why you play soccer all the time?”
“That why I play soccer all the time,” he said. “I have to stay fit. Besides, I enjoy the workout. It...invigorates me. Fills me with life.”
That was good to hear. Here was a man that I understood me. It was nice. Then I heard Sanglan's voice in my head. He was accusing me of cheating on him – betraying him. I forced him away and put my hand on Jackson's knee. He flinched.
We chatted about favorite books and movies, then we played a little bit more. When it got dark, he walked me to my room. I was in my bed, close to sleep, when there was a knock on the door. I rushed to it, expecting it to be him, but it wasn't Jackson. It was Pepper. I immediately felt threatened. I forced out a smile. No point in showing my fear. No need to insult her. I extended my hand.
“Hello. My name's Janice. I'm new here.”
She shook my hand.
“Hi. I'm Pepper. Nice to meet you.”
The mood changed. This was no witch. I smiled again, this time for real.
“Hi, Pepper. Care to come in and sit down?”
“That won't be necessary, but thank you for the offer.”
“How may I help you?”
“You're new here, yes?”
“I am.”
“Enjoying your stay?”
“Yes,” I said. “Everyone has been very nice.”
“I saw that you were playing soccer with our friend Jackson.”
Something in my brain backpedaled to the scene earlier of Pepper massaging her breasts for Jackson. My heart sank. Something bad was about to happen, but I had to keep my smile on, to try and keep things as pleasant as possible no matter what. I just arrived. No sense in making enemies.
“We were kicking the ball around, yes,” I said. “Jackson's a very fine man.”
Pepper's eyes blew up.
“Oh, I agree,” she said. “He is a very fine man, indeed.” She looked to the ground and leaned against the door frame. “But...” she continued, “...I feel I must warn you.”
I frowned. Here it came. The big bite.
Pepper looked at me, eyes narrowed.
“He's suicidal, my dear. Unstable.”
The news struck me as a flat out lie. I laughed out loud.
“What did you just say? I don't believe you.”
“Oh, but it's true. At least once a week he tries to hang himself. It's depressing.”
“Why tell me this?”
“I like helping people,” she said. “I care about people. I care about our newcomers. You're getting close to Jackson. He'll only hurt you.”
“I can handle myself, but thanks for the warning,” I said, closing the door. “It's late. I need my sleep.”
She put her foot to the door.
“One day he's really gonna do it.”
“What?”
“You think you're the only girl he's fallen for? I've seen your kind so many times. He's hurt so many women. I'm only trying to help you,” she claimed. “Take my advice, Janice. Stay away from Jackson. Or else.”
I was about to ask, “or else what?” but she scurried off into the dark hallway. I swear I heard laughter. I began to wonder. Should I tell Jackson about the weird encounter? Ask about him being suicidal? I thought back to the first time I saw him – with the nurse and the rope. Was he really trying to commit suicide? I thought about just asking him. Just ask him in the middle of laughing. “Hahaha, hey, are you suicidal?” Would that fly? Would that be too insulting? I had to find out. The more I thought about it, the more I had to KNOW. If anything was to develop between us, I had to KNOW.
I made the choice.
I'd ask him in the morning.
Noises outside my door. People mumbling. A woman cried. Oja, the woman that I saw on the ground, on her face when I first arrived, was being escorted away by men in lab coats and black gloves. A man was walking with the warden, chatting about something important. I would later know this man as Dr. Kilt.
Pepper's son.



PEPPER ANN

I didn't disappear into the dark like she says. I just waited there. I knew Jackson was watching nearby...waiting for me to leave. I wondered what she would do next. Did she believe me? Had my plan worked? Did I scare her good? Jackson walked out of his room, knocked on Janice's door, and went inside.
DAMN.
The strength in my legs gave out, and I fell to the floor. 
“I love him so much,” I wept. “I'm his woman – ME. He said he loved me. I believed him. I should've known better. Why am I letting him control how I feel? I don't want to feel this way anymore. This has to stop. I have to do something.”
I held the wall and climbed to my feet. I felt tired all the time. Too heavy. Coffee helped sometimes; but just sometimes. Janice...Janice...Janice. That name was going to haunt my dreams, I knew it. She'd torture me. What were they doing in her room? What were they doing in there? What were they doing?
My heart raced. I was getting dizzy. I could imagine Janice getting a sharp rock right to the temple and dying there on the grass, blood spurting everywhere. Jackson would cry and run off. Later, he'd knock on my door and fall into my arms. He'd say how sorry he was that he ever left me. He would want to be with me. He would NEED me.
Seeing all this...made me feel better. I felt alive again. Things were going to be all right: The plan was boiling in my mind. I went over to my pal Woodrow's room and had a little talk with him.
“What do you want me to do?” he asked.
I grinned. “I want you to push her down the stairs.”
“Why don't you do it?”
“I have to be around the warden. When Janice has her little accident, they'll all say, 'Well, couldn't have been Pepper; she was with Miss Veronica.' See how it works?”
“How much will I get paid?”
“I can give you $100.”
Woodrow put his hands behind his head and leaned back in his chair. I had to get him on board. He was the only one capable of pulling this off for me. This 87-year-old man was an ex con. Back in '74, he was convicted for murdering a Samoan woman. He didn't know her. He was paid by her husband to do the job. Woodrow took the $100, cut off her head and hands and feet like he was ordered to for some reason, and paid his cable bill. When he was in court, he said nothing. He was a man of his word. I prayed that a little bit of that greed – and honor – was still in him.
Walking back to my room was a hassle. It took all my concentration to not fall down. It was always embarrassing. Each day, even though I was living with my fellow elderly folk, I could FEEL their pity applause. “Go, Granny, go!” That sort of thing. Just leave me alone. Pretend I'm not here. Don't look at me.
When I finally made it to my room, I eased myself into bed and exhaled. Felt like I was walking for hours. Maybe I was. My feet hurt. My back was numb. If only there was something to take. All this money in the world – all these advancements in science – and no one came up with some kind of “youth” pill? It didn't seem right. Maybe the government was keeping it from us for themselves. I got up and went to my closet. The pot inside was boiling. Well...I'd come up with something. My concoction was working so far. Soon I'd be a hundred. I opened a shoebox and took out a rat and dropped it into the pot. I stirred. I dipped a cup into the stuff and drank. I felt strong again. I felt YOUNG again. But my invention wasn't perfect. I looked in the mirror. Nope. No change. Still old. Still wrinkled. Still sad-looking. I didn't even bother to look into my mouth. I got half of it right – the inside part. But more important (to me) was the outside. I wanted to LOOK young again. Inside, I felt like I could run a marathon, that I could karate-chop a stack of bricks, bicycle UP a volcano, jump up and down for hours, kick a football, dunk a basketball, punch a horse in the face, and, most importantly, make love with Jackson all night long.
BUT...it all meant diddlysquat if my body didn't want to work. I put a lid on the caldron and closed the closet. I stood there for a long time, thinking, thinking. That slop was missing something. I was missing a key ingredient. But what? I went back to bed. More tests had to be done in the morning. But I was hopeful. I had Jackson. Thinking about him made me feel better – made me happier. 
“For now,” I said, “I can dream about you.”
That night, I dreamed of making love to Jackson. I hadn't dreamed of him in months. The sex was wonderful.



JACKSON

Why was Woodrow following Janice around? Was he making moves on her? How was I gonna handle this one? He was dangerous. Rumor had it that Woodrow killed a gang of Samoan women back in the '80s. They all had knives, but it didn't matter to him. I heard he was stabbed, but no blood came out. He was a beast! A REAL man. At least that's what I heard. Looking at the old man, you'd believe it. He had that confident, tough, chest out, straight-back saunter. He was not to be messed with. I had to be careful.
I turned a corner and walked into Pepper. She had her hands on my chest.
“Slow down, sailor, what's the hurry?”
“I told you never to touch me.”
“What's the matter? I'm not going to bite.”
I showed her my arm.
“Then what's this?”
“I told you not to surprise me,” she said. “Besides, that was a long time ago. I don't do those things anymore. I've calmed down. I'm normal.”
I tried to walk around her.
“I have to go.”
She fell.
“Oh! I've fallen and I can't get up! If only there was a strong man to help me up. But who?”
I picked her up.
“Dammit. This is the last time we talk. Deal?”
She laughed.
“Now you know I can't do that.”
Someone screamed. It was Janice. Pepper gripped my arm. She brought her face close to me, looking like she wanted to kiss. I tore her off and ran away. Janice was in a stairwell, holding onto the railing. Woodrow had his foot on her chest. I charged and yelled “HEY!” and when he turned around I socked him in the jaw. He went tumbling down the stairs, and I heard many bones snapping like firecrackers. Janice hugged me. She was trembling and weeping and hyperventilating. Her breaths were hot against my neck.
“Pepper! It was Pepper Ann,” she said, words echoing in the stairwell. “She warned me to stay away from you. Or else.”
I believed her.
A nurse ran into the stairwell and gripped the sides of her head and shrieked.
Woodrow was on his belly, but his head had turned all the way around. And he was still alive and looked at us in absolute shock. His mouth moved, but no intelligible words came out...just a strange creaking sound, like a door slowly opening. Janice wanted to look too, but before she got the chance, I forced her face into my armpit and dragged her outside. I, on the other hand, could not take my eyes off Woodrow's weird situation. The sight of him made me sick to my stomach. That wasn't my thing. I didn't get off on death. You know how people passing car crashes just have to look? Never me. I just kept driving. Why pollute my mind with such spooky imagery? I didn't even have the stomach for the gross details on the local news shows – but this time, I couldn't look away. For a second, I questioned my own purity. It would take a lot of soccer games to wash his disturbing image out of my mind.
The boss, the main honcho in charge, Veronica – the warden – took Janice, whispering soothing things to her. Janice kept nodding at whatever she said. Her hair was a noisy mess. I gave Veronica a stern look.
“Pepper tried get Woodrow to push Janice down those stairs.”
Veronica always had these two Russian girls by her at all times, both dressed in white and wearing those little hats with the red cross. These nurses/bodyguards were huge – muscular – arms the size of legs, and it was like they had no necks.
“Bring her to me,” Veronica demanded.
The two nurses grunted and ran away.
Behind me, in the stairwell, a nurse said:
“He's finally dead!”
I leaned against a wall. My food was coming back up. I had seen too much. Janice was staring at me as Veronica spoke, and I wanted to hold Janice, hug her, tell her everything was going to be okay. Seeing her eyes made the sick feeling in my belly go away. I saw ourselves in a big house on a mountain, away from the city, from the world. Just the two of us alone and in love. That was it. She was the one, man. The one. Was she thinking the same of me?
I could hear Pepper screaming from somewhere, “Stay back, Russians! I will disembowel myself, I swear! I don't even care anymore! Blahhhhhh!” That scream went on for a whole minute. Then those beefy nurses were dragging Pepper kicking and screaming. I could barely understand them due to their thick accents, but apparently Pepper waved a steak knife at them and threatened to perform jigai. It was how women committed suicide in old Japan. 
The cops and ambulance arrived, and the home was quiet again. Pepper's son, Kilt, who was some hotshot doctor, stood by her as the cops slapped on the cuffs. Janice and I walked outside and watched, arm-in-arm, as Pepper was put into the police car. Halfway in, she turned around and spat a glob of goo at Janice, “I'll kill ya, bitch! I'LL KILL YAAA!
The cop-lady said something nasty in Filipino and shoved her in. Pepper looked at me and smiled and licked her lips and banged her head against the window. It cracked. Pepper rubbed her tongue on the glass, drooling all over it. Did she think that was sexy? That I would find it attractive? I told Janice how her final exit was bound to happen. She had pushed too many buttons; made too many weird mistakes. Sometimes Pepper broke out of the home. The police always find her at a church in Diamond Head called Dresela's Hope, and she'd always, always, always be covered in chicken's blood, performing unusual rites with her other old friends. She claims they're just doing “– Art projects for Jesus! God help us, we're just old people! We don't understand what we're doing! Where am I? How did I get here?”
The cops bought it all the time and simply returned them to the home. The home's big boss had enough, so now – finally – Pepper's gone for good. I hoped she would rot in jail. I was desperate for it.
Janice and I watched until the police car went up and over the hill, just to be sure this was all real. A small part of me feared that she'd BURST from the car and fly around on her broom and come after us. It didn't happen. She was gone, baby, gone. I kissed the warm woman by my side.
That night I accompanied Janice in her bed.
I was a true gentleman, if I may say so.
Emphasis on gentle.


CHAPTER TWO

THE PILL

JANICE

Jackson told me all about Pepper: Her having a rich preacher-husband and a church-mansion, and her crazy doctor-son that once fused a dog and a cat. This was Kilt, and he ran a private dental practice in downtown Chinatown. I can't express how grateful I was that Pepper was taken away – GONE from the home. Things around the place were noticeably nicer – peacefuller, if that's even a word. More and more children populated the home as the days went on.
Later, I finally got to see that clown Jackson hates so much. And yes, he was annoying. He had a painted red smile, but his eyes were dead. He looked bored. He yawned when juggling his fire sticks, yawned when doing his Cup & Ball magic trick, yawned when he sawed his assistant in half, and even yawned when doing a handstand. His whole act took thirty minutes. He packed up his stuff, clicked his heels together, and saluted us. “Smell ya later, Folksies,” he yawned.
He walked out. Jackson picked up a baseball bat that was just there for some reason and made to charge after the clown. I held him back.
“Peace be with you.”
His nostrils flared. “I'm gonna kill him! Before his act started, I asked him politely to not call us that WORD. And he still did it! I'm gonna beat some nonsense out of him.”
I held him tighter.
“Let it go. It's important to let it go. Stress is a killer,” I said. “Just breathe it out.”
He did, and his breaths came out in little shakes. I kissed him.
“Remember, you can always choose peace. Be the master of your emotions. Don't let them take over you. Choose peace. It's just a choice. No one is holding a gun to your mind.”
Feeling much better, he asked if I'd like to do some morning exercises with him. I said I'd be delighted, so we learned some karate from Mr. Gobayashi. He was a small, old man, but don't let that fool you. He blocked all our kicks and punches, and even came close to flipping Jackson over, but the supervising nurse warned that tossing an old man by the wrist might not be such a wise idea.
We were the only ones exercising. The others watched a television set that dangled from the ceiling by a metal rod. It was for their own good. Too many fights started over who got to watch which channel. A commercial played, and a curious thing happened. The old people came alive. Their faces lit up. Many of them smiled.
SMILED, I tell you.
A Korean woman with no cliched accent jumped up from her wheelchair with a big grin on her face, jabbing her skinny finger at the TV. “Everyone, come quick!” she said.
“It's playing again!” said an old man in sailor clothes. He reminded me of Popeye.
“Move a'soid!” said an old British man.
“I want it! I want it!” said a woman on crutches with a huge bandage-wrap covering one side of her burnt face.
“My kids are buying THIS for me,” said another. She whispered it to a friend, as if afraid the others would hear and steal it from her.
But what was IT?
I joined the growing group that huddled under the TV. Everyone was looking up and reminded me of baby birds ready for mamma to feed'em all worms.
The commercial played classical music while Dr. Kilt blabbed.
“Are you old?” he asked. “Are you lame? Does life feel dead to you? Is there no excitement in your existence? Well, have I got the answer to remedy your boredom.”
An image of a white and red pill filled the screen.
“Get Kilt!” the doctor said.
The scene changed, and then I saw all these old people dancing in a hip hop club called Pannies – and they were really moving. It was amazing. Many danced like robots and were challenging the youth. It looked like a grand old time. They were all smiles. It was unbelievable. Was I looking at young people wearing masks of old people? Was it all real? The scene changed to an old woman at a park, spinning a basketball on her finger. Jackson pushed by me.
“It's Oja! She's on TV!”
I wondered, so THIS is what Dr. Kilt did to her. And then I wondered darker thoughts. Did they force the pill on her? Was she a test rat?
“First I was lost,” Oja said, “but now I am found. Yippie!”
She was all over the place – dunking basketballs, jumping over hurdles and lifting weights and hitting home runs and arm wrestling a bald man that had so much muscle. She SLAMMED his arm down and broke the table in two and won the match. The man shouted in pain and held his elbow and ran off, weeping. Oja jumped up, eyes to Heaven, mouth drooling. “I feel so young!” she said and punched through a wall. She pulled out a glass mug of piss-colored beer and drank. “I am invigorated!” she yelled. As youthful as she seemed...I found it odd that her voice was still old and crackly. The scene switched to a dojo, and, dressed in a karate uniform, Oja flipped over a young Asian man disguised as a robber.
Everyone around me cheered. At the end of the commercial, Oja gave the camera the thumbs up.
“Get Kilt!” she said.
And then she shrieked something unintelligible and dove her forehead through a stack of bricks. Burning bricks. She brought her hands together in prayer and bowed to the camera. There was no blood. Everyone clapped and hollered and stomped their feet, thanking Jesus and Buddha. They got on their cell phones and begged their kids to buy them this Kilt-thing. Some of the old people flat out demanded their kids buy them the energy pill. People paced all around the place with their phones glued to their greasy ears, many crying, pleading, mumbling. Some things I overheard: “You don't love me anymore!” “I hate you!” “I love you!” “Screw you!” “Thank you!” “You owe me!” “You came out of me!” and “I'll pay you back later.” Hanna Jert, a black woman in a white wheelchair, just sat there in a trance, eyes fixed to the screen. A nurse tried to snap her out of it – snapped her fingers in front of Hanna's face – but it was no good.  The nurse even touched the old woman's eyeball. Nothing happened. Hanna wasn't smiling, but she did start nodding over and over again.
Someone in the room was playing the piccolo. People danced. All were merry.
I thought about Kilt all night while in bed, tossing and turning. My pillow was covered in sweat. I wanted some Kilt. Just a little sample. Just to see if it worked. I imagined myself running around and doing whatever I wanted that my body currently refused to do. I have to be honest. I was excited. An irritating part of me whined that I was betraying everything I worked for – all those hours of weight training for nothing, miles of jogging for nothing, healthy eating for nothing – all easily replaced by a big pill. And it was pretty big. The size of a double A battery, and you had to swallow it whole. No cutting it up. That was the rule. That, and don't give it to children 79 years old or younger.


CLAIR ALTAIR

Some nurse called me, and when I found out what Fred did to our mother – where he put her – I took a swing at him...got him right on the nose. I was gonna get my mom out of that hell hole. She was coming home with me...to the hills. Fred called me stupid and then he called me a masochist, which I don't think is even the right word to use, but I see where he was going with it. For some reason, the crotch area of Fred's pants was always messy. He said with my mom home we'd have no time to live our lives. I punched his face and sent him crashing into a glass table. Whatever. He could handle it. Mr. Athlete...he could handle a little glass in his mouth. I didn't look as he cried his way out of my house. I had no problem making my mom my responsibility. It was fair. It was my duty to take care of her. She gave birth to me. She deserved to be pampered. Besides...I was a single woman with no kid. Until then, my mom would be good practice, what with the diaper changing and all. As you can tell, I had no idea what it took to take care of an elderly person. But I'd damn try my best to take care of my own MOTHER. (I'm looking at you, Fred.)
When I got to the home, the place was electric with energy. I got out my briefcase and scanned the area. Old people were laughing and excited and hugging their kids. Almost everyone had presents. Mom was in her room, in bed with some old guy. He jumped up with the blanket tied around his waist, excused himself, and ran out. Before my mom could say anything, I was at her drawer, stuffing the briefcase I brought. She didn't want to leave. She wanted to stay with her new man...this Mr. Jackson.
“Just gimme Kilt, and leave me. I'll be all right.”
I didn't understand.
“What's a kilt?”
“It's an...energy pill,” Mom said.
She couldn't even look at me. I was disgusted. I complained about how she was supposed to be a health guru, but she just rolled her eyes and nodded her head and went, “Yeah, yeah”. It didn't matter. I was taking her home where she'd be happy and safe, and I didn't care what she said. It was for her own good, you understand? I was too late. She grew attached to the place too SOON. I'd have to drag her away kicking and biting. All for her own good. These so-called “homes” were dangerous. I saw all those programs – all those undercover programs about the dreaded, disgusting things nurses did to the elderly. I shivered as I threw Mom's socks into the briefcase. She crossed her arms and threw her head back into her pillow and refused to leave.
I told her Jackson could visit, but that wasn't the problem.
Mom thought we didn't care about her. I was hurt. Fred didn't care, sure, but I DID. She didn't believe me. She just kept her arms crossed and stared forward...crying. I grabbed her and tried to pull her out of bed, but she started screaming into my ear bloody murder. That Jackson guy rushed in with a baseball bat and SMASHED a lamp. That got my attention. I let Mom go and threw my hands up in surrender. Mom ran to her man and hugged him. Jackson pointed the bat at me, keeping me away.
“We think you better leave,” he said.
I begged Mom to listen to me. I told her that home – her real home – was with me. She just shook her head. “Like you care,” she said. “Go home. Leave. And tell Fred thanks for dumping me here.”
I remember driving away, and saying, “She's lost it. Her mind is gone. Mom is gone. Her brain has gone to mush.”
There was nothing I could've done. If I tried anything, that bat would've found the side of my skull. It was all Fred's fault. That idiot. He screwed us both. There was no getting my mom back now. Not in any way I could think of. But she seemed happy, didn't she? And wasn't that all that mattered? But what about MY happiness? Don't I matter, too? How about what I wanted? Each mile I got closer to home, the stronger the loneliness got. I was sick of that house. Too empty. Too alone. I missed my mom. Needed my mom.
I loved my mom.
Halfway home and halfway up the mountain, I hit the brakes.
“NO.”
I reversed.
I was going back and getting Mom. I was going to do it, and NO ONE was going to stop me. Power of positive thinking, right? I turned around and drove down the hill. I could feel – really FEEL – all that loneliness in my house whine. Those shadows.... They were expecting to torture me – had their sights on it – couldn't wait! They fed on my pain, my bad memories, my evil, depressing thoughts.
Something ran in front of my car.
I turned the wheel too far and hit a tree.
The airbag didn't go off.
Blood over my eyes, I looked up and saw, through the cracked windshield, an old man on the hood of the car. He was grinning with these wiiiide eyes. It was almost like he wanted to say something. I knew that old man. It was Mr. Berverty that lived a little ways down from me. Now there he was, squatting on the hood of my car and as nude as the Lord made him, his thing covered by a gray bush, his man-boobs sagging long and draped over his knees. My eyes didn't want to stay open. I wanted sleep. Mr. Berverty wouldn't have that. He rammed his head at the windshield, then punched it, then kicked it. I tried to open the door, but my hand died and fell off the handle. I was moaning. I felt retarded.
I need sleep. I'll deal with this later. I'm so tired. Wake me in the morning.
Car lights got Mr. Berverty's attention. He hissed at me and jumped a BIG jump into the trees.
I blacked out.


FRED

I was making love to my lady when the doctor called and told me about Clair's accident. I tried my best to sound concerned. It's hard to talk when you have a hard-on. I remember saying, “Oh, dear,” and, “Oh, my,” a lot.
I said, “Yes, doctor, I'll be right down,” and hung up and went back to my lovemaking.
“Who was that?” my lady asked.
“Nothing. My sister's in the hospital.”
“Shouldn't you go see her?”
“Do you see what she did to my face?”
“She did that? I thought you said you feel down some stairs.”
“I lied. I was too embarrassed. Forgive me?”
I tried to go on with the show, but she pushed me back some.
“I don't feel right about this. Your sister's on my brain. I can see her all bandaged up and looking all sad-eyed at me.”
I exhaled depressingly and rolled off her.
“Do you see what she did to my damn face? Let her suffer a bit. It's the only way she'll learn. She doesn't care about me anyway, so I don't care about her. All of them. My whole family is messed up in the head. They're so selfish. They never consider what I want.”
I really didn't mean any of what I was saying. I mean, I DID...but I was just doing it at the time to get some sympathy from my lady friend. I was still feeling frisky, you understand. And it worked! She hugged me and told me that she'd take care of me and would do anything for me because she loved me.
We made babies that night. I didn't care. It felt good. Yes, abortions were expensive, but I had money. I was a damn good athlete, remember? I could handle it. And what if she (whatever her name was) didn't want the abortion? Well...I'd figure something out later. I was living in the moment. And that exact moment felt reeeeal good. Every minute or so Clair would jump into my mind mid-sex and try to ruin it for me. No big deal. I kicked her away and locked her in a giant vault. Problem solved. What worked on my mom, worked on her. I was the master of my mind. I had it all figured out. I was unstoppable. I could get whatever I wanted...do whatever I wanted...whoever I wanted, haha. 
This was life.  This was freedom. 
It was good to be young.
This was living.


JANICE

When the sun rose, the home was almost empty. I walked down the hallways, hearing nothing but my slippers slapping on the floor. Some of the old people I saw from time to time sat on the ground with their legs crossed and their eyes closed and their hands held up in what I thought was prayer. These people were scattered about the place – but very few of them; just 5 or 6. That damn clown still came by. After he did his act and left, Jackson told me that I had better come over to where he was and watch the news. Jackson was glued to the screen. He was pale...shocked. I held his hand and looked up at the TV.
A wave of exhilaration had taken over Oahu. Something big had happened...something amazing...jaw-dropping. The news anchor called it “The age of the new-old people,” and another called it, jokingly, “Attack of The Old People”. Much laughter in the news room followed.
Then they were all serious again. The anchorwoman, a Kesha Tuyioy, spoke to the camera.
“We now go to field reporter Camel Stroja who has come face-to-face with one of these energetic, quote unquote “old” people. Camel?”
The scene changed to a football field. Old people ran around – the men shirtless, the woman wearing bras. Men in their 20's and 30's played with the elderly. Camel Stroja had her finger in her ear and a microphone in hand. She looked to the camera, nodded, then smiled real big-like.
“Yes! Hello, Kesha, I'm here at Farrington football field where many of these youthful – full of life – quote unquote “old” people are playing the dangerous sport of rugby. So dangerous, in fact, that their kids are at the sidelines, begging them to stop this foolishness. I have with me one of the rugby players, Mr. Botrew.”
“Hello!” the old man said.
Camel was taken back by his booming, baritone voice.
“Mr. Botrew...”
“Please, call me Electric. Mister Botrew sounds so old.”
“Alright, Electric,” Camel said. “Are you at all exhausted, Electric, from playing this dangerous sport?”
The old man rolled his eyes.
“We don't know what the big deal is,” he said. “It doesn't hurt! We hit so soft.”
Behind them, two old rugby players collided. One of them cartwheeled through the air and landed on his head. The old man got up and did a little dance for the camera, signaling that all was fine and dandy. Camel nodded.
“Well, as you can plainly see, Kesha, all is fine and dandy.”
A young man ran up beside her. He was husky, breathless, beaten up, and bleeding from the face.
“Help!” he said.
Camel shoved the mic into his face.
“What happened to you?”
The man had trouble breathing.
“They're maniacs!” he said. “They won't stop playing! They're trying to kill us! Help! They won't let us leave!”
The old man rolled his eyes.
“Blah blah blah. A grown-ass man like you can't take a little hit? How embarrassing. And you call yourself a man? Gadzooks.”
A fight between young and old breaks out on the field.
The young people were beaten and smashed and bloodied and destroyed – bodies flung all over the place – tossed around like rag dolls – right into the stands. Much screaming; much begging. Total confusion. An old lady dressed like a referee blew a whistle.
“I didn't say you old geezers could stop playing! Game on! Hahahawww!”
The elderly put their hands on their hips and laughed and laughed and continued playing, kicking bodies – BODIES – around as if they were footballs. They never stopped smiling. It was eerie. One boy was hit so hard in a tackle, his head flew off and WALLOPED Camel upside her head.
She ran off.
“Jezus!” she cried. “Jeeeeeezzzzuussssss!”
The camera man ran around, not knowing what to do next. Kesha demanded he stand his ground and film the scene if he wanted to keep his job. So he did.
Police cars and an ambulance arrived.
One man, Rammer Koblor, got internal bleeding and was whisked off on a gurney. The old people shrugged, and said, “When in Rome!” They giggled, hi-fived each other, and ran back to their rugby game. The police officers were too scared (and confused) to do anything. All twenty of them radioed headquarters for advisement on the weird situation. 
Jackson's mouth was wide open.
“What in God's name...”
He changed the channel.
An old man pulled a bus with his teeth. His hands were tied behind his back, and he was foaming at the mouth. Dogs were following him around.
On another channel, old people ran out of a hospital, cheering and spitting on people. Some of the elderly did cartwheels all the way down the street, disappearing into the sunset.
On another channel, a family was on a talk show with their great grandmother.
“All they do is sit around going to work and school all the time,” she said. “They're boring.”
The audience booed her. She gave them the finger and got up and ran through a wall.
People cheered.
On another channel, old people ran into traffic and dodged vehicles with great skill – just for the fun of it. Another channel found some of the energetic elderly on Ala Moana beach, standing around with blindfolds on and getting, willingly, kicked in the face by youthful soccer players. An old man was behind a donkey and leaning forward. His friend slapped the donkey's ass and the beast back-kicked the old man in the face. I shrieked and looked away.
The old man laughed, and yelled, “Is that all you got? I feel nothiiiiiiiiiiing!” Two more donkeys surrounded him and all three back-kicked him all over his body. I imagined he enjoyed it. Beachcombers watched, mortified. Many asked, “Why? Why are they doing that? WHY?” Kids wept. Babies refused to look. Japanese tourists snapped pictures. Some said, “Nani? Nani?” Which translates to “What? What?”
On Tunes TV, a rock band made of old people played a live performance outside Hawaii's State Capital. They jumped in the mosh pit and punched and kicked the hell out of the kids AND security guards. Parents were outraged. The elderly gave the Rock & Roll Devil sign and flicked their tongues. TTV apologized and went off the air.
Jackson went back to the news channel focusing on the rugby situation. The cops were chasing after the old people. One of them, an elderly woman named Shanesa Tamahawa, was hauled off into a police car for the death of rugby player Rammer Koblor. She was heard screaming, “He ain't no rugger! If you can't take the heat, make like a tree and get the hell out! Stupid weakling!”
Kesha shook her head.
“These people are out of control! The elderly have now gone super,” she said. “They are super, and they are elderly. They are the supelderly. God, help us all.”
Jackson clicked by every channel, but it was all the same: The supelderly on every station popped pills constantly. All white and red pills. All Kilt. What disturbed me most were their chests. I could see their hearts beating under their shirts.
That wasn't normal, I don't care how crazy your ass is.
What was happening?


SUPELDERLY #824

I wanna run. I love this. I'm so alive! I can't stop thinking. My heart hurts. I want to do jumping jacks. Is that a bird? It is! I wonder what it tastes like. I'm eating this bird and I must say, not bad, not bad. Now what? Now what do I feel like doing? I can do anything? Now what to do? Ah, I know. I'll pick a fight with those gangsters in that dark ally. I'm running to them. These fine fellows should provide some excellent, stimulating play time. They're looking at me in a weird way. Some of them are digging into my pockets. Let's PLAY! I just ripped off some arms. Some of these gents are crying. Aww, how pathetic. How weak. How boring. I wonder what this arm tastes like. Mmm! Filling! AND I feel sooo...invigorated! Yaaaa-hooooo! Oh, lookie...a bus full of nuns.
I'm so happy I could shit.



JANICE

We were in the middle of french-kissing and talking about somehow having kids when the tire crashed through the window. Pepper literally dove into the room, rolled, and jumped up with her hands on her hips. She was dressed like Tarzan. Jackson held me. His eyes locked on Pepper's. She jumped on him and grabbed at him. I yelled out and punched her on the head, repeatedly, but to no desired effect. She elbowed me in the chest, and I rolled off the bed, landing hard on my back. When I got up, they struggled with each other into the hallway. Pepper looked like she was trying to kiss him. She smiled and puckered her lips, blowing him kisses. Jackson's face was always turned away, his hand keeping her face back.
Pepper kicked him in the knees, and he fell forward – to my horror, my disgust – onto her lips. Pepper grabbed his head and gave him tongue. She made slobbering sounds, and she looked at me as she kissed Jackson. When she pulled away, a thick, glistening thread of spit connected their mouths. A white hot rage blew up in my chest, and I imagined, in that split second, ripping her heart out and burning it and shitting on it and covering it in salt and shoving it down her throat. I'd laugh the whole time.
Pepper licked Jackson's face and threw her head back and howled like a wolf.
“Hot damn!” she said. “Let's go back to my place, baby!”
She ran away with him. Her speed was amazing. I gave chase. The lights all over the place were flickering. I was disoriented. It felt like I was in a rat maze. I followed Jackson's screaming into another hallway. The place looked like Hell. People were screaming all around me.
I ran by nurses that were wiggling on the floor like snakes with their tails cut off. Many of the nurses were missing hands for some reason. The walls were bloody. Pepper had written, in blood, “Janice! You Whore!” I was offended. All that blood – all that stinging odor of blood, of rusty pennies – made me vomit in my throat a little. A male nurse with no feet grabbed my ankle. He begged for help. I was speechless, and horrified. Against my better judgment, I kicked him in the face, and I ran off screaming with my arms waving in the air.
“Jackson! Jackson! Jackson! Where are you?”
“Pepper's room!” he said.
Glass breaking. A wave of inspiration shot through me. My legs were lighter. I impressed myself by jumping over body after body. The floor of Pepper's room was covered in a queer liquid. The stench was terrible. A giant, black pot of some kind was on the ground, on its side, steaming. Jackson's scream again. I ran to the busted window. Pepper ran through the night with Jackson over her shoulder. She jumped over an unimpressed cat. I yelled at her something I don't remember and climbed out the window and ran after them. I was exhausted. My chest and the left side of my waist hurt. Pepper made for the street. A car almost ran over them. It squealed to a stop and honked. The driver got out – this real mountain of a man – and shoved a shaking fist in front of her face. He was cursing in what sounded like Swahili. Pepper flicked her head forward and bit the man's fingers off. At first he was just rather surprised, but then he started yelling and praying on his knees. Pepper laughed and laughed and then giggled little teehee's and kicked the man right in the mouth – with her foot bursting clear through to the other side. The man's brains blew out right quick and all his red tinted the headlights. Pepper grinned and put her hand to her mouth.
“Oopsies,” she went.
Jackson seized the moment and bit into her ear. She dropped him.
“Baby,” she said, “why did you do that?”
Another car drove up and hit her and sent her flying UP into a tree. I ran to Jackson and we embraced. The driver of the car got out.
It was Clair.
Her faced was covered in stitches. She ran to the tree and looked up.
Pepper was gone.
The man on the ground with missing fingers and a destroyed brain was dead, although his eyes fluttered nonstop. We heard sirens. The police were coming.
How was I going to explain this?



CLAIR

Red and blue police lights filled the home. It felt like I was in a dance club. As the ambulances were filled with complaining nurses, Lt. Humuhumunukunukuapua'a asked us questions and wrote in his little, pink notebook. Embarrassed by his name, he wanted us to call him Lt. Humu, so we did. His radio went off, and he answered it. The woman on the other end was hysterical.
 Lt. Humu told her to calm down, then said, “Did you say a 100-year-old man just robbed a convenient store...with his bare hands?”
“Yes!” said the woman on the other end. “Many of them are shouting “God” over and over again!”
Many cops were around us – interrogating bleeding nurses and the few remaining old people. The cops looked very serious. All at once their radios came alive. Hell was going down. Total panic set in. The island of Oahu was getting screwed. The voices came yelling out from their radios. From what I could gather, the old people were going ape shit – breaking into stores, stealing buses and taking them on joy rides, destroying zoos and letting the animals run free, attacking surfers, basically just doing whatever they wanted. So that was enough for me. I got Janice and Jackson out of the home.
I stuffed them into my car and zoomed off. I could've done without that Jackson fellow, though. I didn't trust him. How did I know he didn't take the Kilt pill? Driving through downtown Honolulu – where many tall, business buildings stood – was a confusing sight. The police were all over the place, tasering and throwing nets over all these quick, senior citizens. An old woman with a walker passed in front of our car. I hit the brakes. She growled like a crazed dog and attacked our car, hitting it with her walker. I stepped on the gas and HIT her, and she went tumbling over the car. Looking into the rear-view mirror, I saw her get right back up and throw her walker at us. The thing broke our rear window.
My house was on a mountain, on Tantalus, overlooking the city. As we drove up, I clicked through the radio stations. No music played. Only talks on how the elderly were going crazy and trashing every-THING in sight, killing any-ONE that stood in their way. The radio DJ spoke in a serious tone.
“Healthy people are taking the pills out of curiosity...” she said, “...and are spontaneously combusting.” She paused. “This just in. Oh, my Jesus, God, no. Children are simply exploding. A woman, who shall go unidentified, just witnessed an 8-year-old boy eat the pill, and he BLEW up.”
I changed the station. I didn't want to hear any of it. There HAD to be a station playing music – even rap music would've been fine. I caught a conversation with the creator of the Kilt pill, a man named Dr. Kilt Ann. I listened.
Dr. Kilt said that it clearly says on the bottle “Keep away from children ages 79 and below”. He would not be held responsible for shoddy parenting. He sounded like he was begging. 
 As we were about to pull into the driveway, I looked in the rear-view mirror and saw, running out from the dust, that woman that tried to run off with Jackson. She was snarling and dressed in a gorgeous white dress and had a purse swinging from her shoulder. She jumped onto the top of the car and punched down and tried to grab at them. Mom screamed out, “It's Pepper!”
Jackson ducked down in his seat.
“She's a witch! Don't let her touch me!”
Pepper jumped on the hood of the car, called my mom a “whore!” and punched through the already-damaged windshield and grabbed my face, blinding me. I distinctly remember her hand smelling like vomit. Her fingers were in my mouth. The car crashed into my mailbox. Pepper ripped out the back door and pulled Jackson out and kissed him, molesting him, her hands sliding up his shirt and down his pants. She slapped him and begged him to love her again like he did before. Jackson summoned all the energy he had left and scissor-kicked her in the face. She fell to the ground with her purse flying through the air, the crap inside spraying out. I ran out and stomped on her head multiple times, screaming, “DIE, DIE!” Pepper grabbed my foot and bit into it, tearing away so many strings of meat. We wrestled on the ground. Mom yelled for me to get off her. Mom had a crowbar (must've got it from the trunk). Pepper saw the weapon. “No, not the face!” she cried, and tried to crawl away. Mom hit her on the back of her head, and it sounded like someone thumping on a watermelon. I jumped into the car, drove toward them, and screamed for my mom to, “Move the hell outta the way!” Mom couldn't hear me – she was too lost in her rage. She kept pounding on the back of Pepper's head, begging her to, “DIE, DIE!” I honked, and my mom jumped away at the last minute. Pepper leaped up, looked over her shoulder, and I sent her ass flying – right off the mountain. She tumbled, tumbled down, and I could hear her bones snapping.
Mom and I hugged. We dragged Jackson into the house. Mom said, “One minute,” and ran back out. She picked something from off the ground and ran back in the house.
“Dropped my glasses.”
Before closing the door, I looked outside and scanned the scene.
Deep down in me, I was fighting a nervous image of Pepper on the side of the mountain, above all those city lights, holding on to a loose root, grinning, happy to still be alive...and climbing her way back up.


JACKSON

A bright light blinded me. It was Heaven! This was it. I was finally dying. That soccer move I put on Pepper's face took everything I had left in my brittle body. But no, I was still alive. The morning sun was just in my eyes. I was in Clair's room. Pictures of her and Janice were all over the walls. She worshiped her mother. The girls were in the living room, watching TV, and I could hear the nervous news anchor.
“Kilt has been pulled,” she said. “Anyone with the pill must deliver the drug to the authorities for proper disposal. Anyone who has taken the pill must stay indoors and call the police to be dealt with in a lighthearted manner. Extremists have burnt the factory that manufactured Kilt to the ground. The creator of the pill, Dr. Kilt, is missing and hoped dead. Many elderly people have runaway from their “homes” and are committing crimes to, as one captured old man said, “live life to the fullest.” Prisons are filling up fast with these so-called supelders beating up prisoners. Governor Ria Mahony held a contest this morning for someone to come up with a solution on how to contain the crazy old people. The winner was Tasha Illupa, a 6th grade girl. Contractors began work on her plan immediately, creating a giant balloon castle complete with a slippery floor to contain the supelderly. Tasha's prize is a free bus pass for life.”
Someone changed the channel. More nervous talk. A psychologist specializing in the inner workings of the elderly mind theorizes that the super elderly have no option but to “get crazy on life” due to Kilt's potent energy. “The pill has, in a sense, released years – decades – of bottled up yearnings,” the psychologist said. “They believe that Kilt is giving them the energy to live life to the fullest, and they have to keep pushing themselves, pushing their life-experience. It's like people who have gone bored with sex. They have to always make it weirder. If they do not, then boredom quickly sets in. This is exactly like that. There is no turning back.”
I had to see what was going on. I rolled out of bed. My body sizzled with pain. I stood in the doorway and looked into the living room. The girls were sitting on the floor, holding each other.
A scientist was on TV, holding a chart and drawing diagrams on a chalkboard. The scene changed to a padded cell. Ten military police officers held a supelder, trying to get him – an old Chinese man – to stand still. It was impossible. The supelder was tough and busy. Scientists watched from behind a thick wall of glass. The old man demanded to be let go, because he had many projects to attend to. The MPs sat the man down on a school desk. A scientist in a white lab coat, wearing black gloves, hooked an electrocardiograph to the man. His heart beat was off the charts! The scientists oooh'ed and ahhh'ed. The graph paper coming out of the ECG was a solid, black block. The supelder yelled, “I must attend to my various projects!” and turned into a furious brute and threw the MPs against the walls and onto the ceiling. He attacked the scientist and tried to run through a padded wall, running headfirst into it, trying over and over again.
The MPs laughed at his useless efforts, but then the wall gave out a large, cracking sound, and the military police stopped laughing and began shooting at this Chinese man. The bullets only made him angry. The supelder brought his hands up in front of his face and made claws and snarled and gave a big leap toward the MPs. He yanked off ALL their limbs and tore off ALL their clothes for some special reason, and then he struck the sad soldiers with their own shoulders and thighs. The mad zombie ripped open its shirt like Superman, gave out a manly shriek, and its chest exploded. The heart flew out and went SPLAT! against the glass wall, beating like crazy. And then it blew up, punching a hole in the glass. The scientists gasped and held each other. A lady scientist pulled out a machete and screamed and ran into the room, ready to kill. She held the rusty machete out in front of her and charged toward the monster and cut his head off. The creature ran around here and there, bumping into furniture, knocking over desks, picking them up and throwing the desks against the glass wall. The supelder wouldn't die.
The television screen went back to the scientist at the blackboard. 
“The supelder's head died of blood loss the next day,” he said. “The female scientist, now in a mental institution, says that the only way to kill these things is to destroy the head. The body continues to twitch, and it is unknown when, if ever, it will be at rest. Scientists can't figure out what the pill, Kilt, is made of. We have done a variety of tests on Kilt, and the results were always the same. Kilt seems to just be cane sugar, Hawaii's finest,” he said. “The elderly are walking – but are dead. They are the walking dead. Zombies. Their hearts have exploded long ago. Pure, hyperactive energy keeps their bodies alive.”
Janice changed the channel. Every news station showed video of these old, excitable zombies wrecking havoc all over Oahu. Many of them drank energy drinks. The camera was very shaky at times. The police and military had their hands full, running around with machetes and trying to chop off zombie heads. Many of them fail and are eaten. That footage was censored due to graphic content, a yellow happy face covering the gore.
The scene cut to a reporter behind a desk.
“Headline!” she said. “Balloon castle an epic fail. Little girl's bus pass revoked.”
Janice saw me standing there in the doorway and tried to walk me back to bed.
“You have to rest, dear.”
“I'm all right,” I said. I tried to smile, but even that hurt.
Janice turned to Clair.
“Make some tea?”
Clair nodded and walked into the kitchen.
There was a crash outside.
We all froze.
Clair put on her jacket.
“I'm gonna go check it out,” she said.
Janice begged her not to go. Clair picked up a machete from somewhere in the kitchen. She told us to lock the door and stay inside no matter what happened.
The anchorwoman sat behind her desk...looking into the camera...shaking her head.
Hard times.
Hard times.


CLAIR

The sun was so bright, I couldn't see for a second. That scared me, and I wanted to run back inside. The place where Pepper bit me burned like a bitch. Much limping then. A van was in the middle of the dirt road, its whole front part smoking. My ESP yelled, “Danger! Turn around and go home, stupid!” The side of the van read Aloha Elderly Homes #1. I walked with my machete held out. A strange sight: It looked like the van rammed straight into a tree, and there were hand prints pressed into the front of the van, like someone tried to stop it from running them over. I walked 'round to the back and, after taking a deep breath, swung the door open.
A nurse cowered in a corner with an old woman in a wheelchair, both weeping, begging me not to hurt them. “Please, please, please, please,” they went. The nurse was named Beth, and the old woman was Hershey Lilo, who had a bloody wound on her neck. I saw teethmarks.
“My sister bit me!” Hershey said. “In all the years I've known her, she's never bit me like that. She visits and takes a bite out of me! She never liked me. I had no problem cutting her head off with that electric knife.”
Beth held the old woman, covering Hershey's neck-wound to keep the blood inside.
“It is a sad state of affairs,” Beth said. “What's happening to all the old people?”
“It's that new pill. Kilt. It's turning them into lunatic-beasts. Zombies.”
Beth frowned.
“Stop it. You're scaring the old lady.”
The “old lady” appeared to be sleeping...snoring. I pointed my machete at her.
“Did she take Kilt?”
Beth shrugged.
“I...I don't remember.”
I heard a tree branch crack, and I spun around. It was just a stray cat.
“I guess she's alright. If she did take Kilt, she'd be running around trying to goose us. No? Goddamn. I don't really know. Whatever.”
Beth leaned forward.
“Why are the elderly attacking all the young people?”
“They're not angry,” I said. “They're happy.”
Beth said the old folk's home they came from was a total mess: The old people attacked and ate all the nurses. She saw four of the crazy old people playing hacky sack with a bloody head. “I'll never forget the look on that head's face,” Beth said. “She looked so surprised, what with her eyes and mouth open like that – long, red hair flying through the air. Farra was such a fine nurse.” Beth went on, saying how the whole island had gone crazy, how it was all the “Devil's” work, how it was the end of days, and how people were leaving their homes and heading for the hills, up where it was supposed to be safe. The old folk's home – all of them – were being attacked...and not just by zombies. People were pissed off and were taking action – capturing as many old people as possible and rounding them up, tying ropes around their necks and hanging them and burning them and throwing rocks at their smoking bodies. It made me sick to hear it all. Were people this insane when pushed too hard? Beth said everyone laughed as they threw their stones at the hanging bodies. “Laughed,” she said. “But it was fake-laughing. Like they were forcing themselves to believe everything was okay.”
Beth and Hershey were heading up to a friend's place (a little ways up the mountain from my house), when they struck...something...or someONE. Their driver yelled out, “I hit him! I didn't mean to!” then ran out. Last they heard, he was screaming, then nothing. Gone. They were left all alone.
“Better you guys stay with us,” I said, and helped Beth roll Hershey into the house.
That turned out to be a big MISTAKE.
Hershey started complaining how messy the place was, how she felt like vomiting from all the stink in the house. I assumed she meant the incense I was burning.
“It's just incense,” I said.
“Incest!” she yelled. “Criminal congress! I'm in the Devil's house! Beth, release me from this witch's hold! Take me to Angelo's home. I miss his touch, his caress, his phantom odors, his buttery whispers.”
Beth looked at us.
“Don't mind her. She gets nervous in odd houses. Angelo's her husband. We were heading up to his place before our van was destroyed.”
I turned to my mom and Jackson.
“Maybe we should go up there and get this Angelo guy. He might need help.”
“That won't be necessary,” Beth said. “Angelo is dead. Has been for 50 years.” She whispered it so Hershey didn't hear. The old woman was scratching her neck, and more blood jumped out like bugs. My first thought was My carpet! Mom went to the old woman and told her to stop scratching, because it would only make the wound worse. Jackson pulled me to the side. “We have to get rid of her,” he said. “She's doing the same thing that Chinese man did on the TV, remember?”
Hershey was bleeping like a goat. So strange. Like a damn goat! She kept scratching her neck-wound. Worms wiggled out of it and thumped to the floor. Hershey's eyes turned yellow, then black, then white, then magenta, then yellow again. I looked around. I lost my machete! Hershey jumped out of her wheelchair – right onto Beth and tore off her clothes and ripped away her nonexistent breasts and commenced eating and chomping away, taking Beth right to the floor. We were in shock. No one moved. My heart stopped. And speaking of hearts, Hershey stood up from her meal and looked at us like a deer in headlights. Her heart was beating all crazy-like under her blouse: Big THUMP-THUMPS pushing out like fists. My eyes were so locked on them. Beth made a run for me. Jackson punched the zombie's face and sent it crashing into the TV, head first. Hershey stood up – TV set on her head – and stumbled around. A cartoon show played: A rabbit was hitting another rabbit over the head with a frying pan. The zombie threw the TV set away, hitting Jackson on the head. He went down screaming and wiggling on the floor. Convulsions! Mom ran to him and cradled him.
“Slut!” she called the monster.
Hershey started scratching herself again – this time at her chest. She tore her blouse off, and her breasts flopped about like fish out of water. It was like they had a mind of their own. Hershey began tearing at her chest, pulling away layers of skin and threads of meat. There was a horrible snapping sound, and next thing I saw, she was yanking out Goddamn bones. A hole was in her chest, and her heart was beating out of it. Thump-thump, thump-thump. I grabbed a frying pan from the kitchen and ran up and smashed her brains out until nothing but a muddy mess was left. She was still standing – dazed – but still standing. I reached back and gave one final hit. THUNK. The zombie stumbled a bit and fell backwards in a weird way: She landed on a bar stool, on her spine, and she bent into a lowercase “n” shape. A sickening yawn escaped her vomit-covered lips, and the body itched and twitched. Her thighs gave out violent tremors. Her sharp chest bones stuck out like white fingers. We were all on the floor, all breathless. The sun lazied out from the clouds and bathed the living room in bright light. Jackson moaned something that sounded like “Goal”, and blacked out. Mom held him in her arms and rocked him. I think she was whispering a lullaby. We put him in my room and went about our business.
Beth was dead. Now, you'd think moving a dead body would be disgusting, and you'd be right. But when your brain is buzzing with adrenalin, you just do what ya gots ta do, believe you me. We picked her up – just right done grabbed her under the armpits like we were hauling wood – and dragged her ass out back where we dug a shallow hole and dumped her in. We burnt her up nice and good and buried her stiff remains in the hole. It was Mom's idea. Said she saw it in some movie. When we dragged Hershey's body out the house to be burned, she CAME ALIVE and chomped her teeth at Mom like one of those wind-up teeth toys, just bite-bite-bite-bite. Mom freaked out and ran off. I shoved Hershey – excuse me, the ZOMBIE – onto that wheelchair and pushed her out the house and shoved her down the dirt road, where she disappeared way down there, around a corner, kicking up dust. 
Hopefully, she'd run into the police.
Come to think about it...I should have shoved her stink ass off the side of the mountain. 
Dammit. Why didn't I think of that sooner!
Don't you hate it when that happens?
Oh, well.


JANICE

I got scared when night came. I kept imagining zombies in the woods. Kept imagining Pepper with more of those things, plotting, ready to attack and eat us. Jackson slept for so many hours. He wouldn't wake up. I called the hospital, and they said they'd send an ambulance over straight away. Clair didn't like it. “Too risky,” she said. “We can't be calling people up here. What's the hospital gonna do anyway? They must be filled with patients!” I told her that we had to try something. Jackson would die if just left there in that bed. She threw her hands up and walked away, and that was that. 
The President of The United States told people to stay indoors.
“The elderly are attacking everyone under the age of 80 with extreme prejudice for some reason,” the black woman in power says. “If you are 79 or younger, please stay in your homes while we figure out what to do.”
People threw bottles at the Governor of Hawaii's home, demanding answers. The Governor screamed at everyone to run home before it was too late.
“The island is a mess and too dangerous to be gallivanting about!”
But it was no good. The people were attacked and torn to shreds and swallowed. The Governor ran out of his fancy home with a shotgun and blew many of the zombies limbs and heads and torsos off. One torso flew all the way up into a tree and scared away some birds. A zombie got too close to the Governor, so BOOM, off flew that torso too – that one landing on the hood of a passing car. The driver screamed and rammed into the back of a pig truck. The animals ran out and over the car and squealed down the street and caused a major traffic jam. People chased after the pigs.
Clair was right about the hospitals.
On the news, the hospitals were all filled up and crazy with activity. One hospital (I forget which one) was particularly in trouble. People begged to be let in. It was a huge crowd – something like a hundred people. They punched and kicked at the doors and some even tried driving through the damn doors and climb up the palm trees to get into the windows, but they were pushed back down by orderlies. Some people landed on their heads. Madness. A doctor leaned out of a window and spoke into a megaphone, saying, “Avast, ye mateys! We be full! Get home before the zombies get ye!”
But again, it was too late.
200 zombies ate the crowd.
The news anchor sat at the news desk, shock-faced, those eyes big and frozen. She stayed like that with her hands over her mouth for a long time. She was watching something disgusting – too sensitive for the viewers at home. The only thing to hear were eating sounds and slurping sounds and tearing sounds and a lot of moaning and yelling out loud. The lights in the news room blinked a few times...then turned off. The news lady screeched. The old zombies ran in and chased everyone around.
And then the TV sizzled and went black.
They had taken over.


CLAIR

Nighttime. Fred was on my mind. As much as I hated him, he was my brother. It was more like I had to care about him. But maybe, just maybe...a little part of me did actually care for the asshole's safety. I told Mom my plan to check up on him, and she freaked out. He wasn't worth it, she said. I didn't listen, and went anyway.
I hopped in my busted car and made my way down the dirt road. The headlights still worked, but barely – a lot of times fading in and out. Before I left, I promised Mom I'd be all right, and that seemed to calm her down a little. It was all I could do for her. I was on my way, and there was nothing she could do to stop me. The plan was simple: Get Fred, run over a few zombies on purpose to release some stress, and get back home. 1-2-3. Easy.
Fred wasn't answering his phone.
For some odd reason, I started thinking about my dad. But that lasted for a bad 3 seconds. Fred was so much like Dad. But I digress....
A car was in a ditch, windshield wipers still on and pushing away a mess of blood. It was Fred's car. And then I saw something that made me real sick.
Hershey's wheelchair was nearby...and empty. I got out and walked to Fred's car. He was in there, all right. Dead, and still dressed in his football uniform, with the helmet on, too. Everything, including him, was burnt and steaming and stink. I couldn't believe it – I was crying. All I could think of was making my brother comfortable. I yanked open his broken door and dragged him out by his hands.
Is he really dead?
We fell to the dirt. I called out to him. No response. He smelt like baked pork. My crying came full blast. I couldn't control it. I had to see his face. I had to see MY brother's face one last time. Memories flooded my mind: Of us at the beach when we were kids, of him teaching me how to swim...how he had all that patience for me.
I pulled off his helmet, and his face came with it, leaving behind a grinning skull. A grunt in the woods and the sound of galloping. I looked over my shoulder, and Hershey was all over me. The ambulance drove up, but it was filled with supelders that leaped out and grabbed my arms and ripped me apart. The zombies were laughing. They played tug-of-war with my intestines.
It was odd how peaceful it all felt. There was no pain. It felt like I was going to be all right. There was no guilt. I lived a good life. An honorable life. I even found myself forgiving these...misguided, old people. Even as my head fell off my body and rolled across the dirt, I forgave them.
Last I saw, one of the zombies played jump rope with my guts.
“Gotta keep my heart rate up!” the old woman said.


JANICE

Jackson told me he thought he was dying. His body hurt too much. That last fight did him in real good. He wanted me to kill him. Said that if I didn't kill him, he would stab himself to death. “Nothing personal,” I remember him saying. He just wanted the pain to stop.
“Damn these nerve fibers,” he said. “I can't live like this. Just pull the plug. If you really love me, you'll do it.”
That was a rotten spot to put me in. I took his face and looked into his eyes. He wasn't afraid. I tried reasoning with him, but he just rolled over and covered his head with a blanket. I locked him in the bedroom for his own protection and paced around the living room, careful to not step on the gore stains, and tried to think. I was panicking, and I had to force myself to take in deep breaths and calm down. Where was Clair? She'd know what to do. She could handle this.
To my horror, I heard a flush and a retching. I found Jackson in the bedroom's bathroom with his head in the toilet, choking and looking pathetic. His body shook, hands flopping on the wet floor, palms up. Freaking out, I ran over and yanked his head out from the water. He fell on my lap, and his face was blue. He vomited water all over my lap. I kept saying, “My love! My love!”
His heart stopped, and the only thing I could think of doing was finding some way to keep him alive.
The pill.
The one I found on the ground. That was the answer!
I took the Kilt pill out from my purse and shoved it in Jackson's mouth. I massaged his throat, and he swallowed with a GULP.
One second...did it work?
Two seconds...was he dead?
Three seconds...work, work, WORK!
He opened his eyes, and said, “Thanks for not killing me.”
Was he being sarcastic? Maybe. Maybe not.
He said he saw Heaven. God told him the secret to life, and that was to “chill out”. He wasn't afraid of dying. I kissed him, and I could tell that the pill was working. (And believe you me, I could tell it was really working.) He grabbed at me and pulled me close to him and we rolled around the bed. We were going to get naked, when the scream of a siren stole our attention. Jackson put on his pants and snatched a pair of scissors. I held his hand as we walked into the living room.
Someone outside yelled, “Fire!”
The front door was blown to smithereens, and a group of supelders – a cook, a priest, and a ballerina with a bazooka – ran in and apprehended us. The priest zombie said, “We hereby arrest you by demand of Her Highness...Pepper Ann.”
They dragged us into the ambulance kicking and screaming. (We went kicking & screaming – not them.)
The roads were littered with broken cars and trucks and mopeds and buses – many of them piled on top of each other. Everywhere I looked reminded me of a junkyard. We came to a pile of burning trucks. The ambulance went faster and just plowed straight through. Screaming and terrible yelling outside. Supelders, waving around flaming swords and non-flaming golf clubs, chased people here and there. Gunshots. Police officers running around confused. Disoriented babies crying. Honolulu in chaos. Was the whole island like this? A military helicopter flew over the city. A man on a horn says, “The whole island is like this. To everyone who is alive, please stay where you are. Do not anger the elderly. It is folly.” 
He threw down cans of Spam for anyone still alive.
The ambulance came to a stop, and the zombies looked at each other, giggling, and dragged us out. We arrived at Dresela's Hope. The church. Pepper's special place. Inside was like a factory, with zombies in yellow hardhats, moving boxes, shifting them around on conveyor belts and making big piles. The word KILT was on each box. Pepper sat on a tall throne made of human skulls. A toilet was nearby. In the middle of the place was a HUGE, crude hole. A little bit of smoke rose out from it. Pepper was chatting with a coworker and checking off things on a clipboard. The coworker was Dr. Kilt. He looked like he had been weeping.
“So after I make this batch, Mom, I can leave? You'll let me go?”
Pepper laughed.
“Don't be silly,” she said. “I'm keeping you forever. Your expertise is too valuable. Your brilliant, scientific mind is my missing ingredient.”
“But you promised!”
The old woman repeated what he said in a childish, whiny way.
“But you proooommmmissssed,” she said. “Waaah, waaah, waaaaaaaahh.” She made her hands into fists and wiped away fake tears. “Awww. Somebody call the waaah-mbulance.”
Dr. Kilt looked at me. His eyes were filled with tears and fears. He reached down and flipped up the clipboard from Pepper's hands and ran off. She stood and pointed.
“GET HIM!” She stomped the ground like a spoiled child. “He mustn't get away! We need his braiiinnn!”
Three old zombies tackled him and, literally, kicked him into an office. Dr. Kilt put on his glasses and went to work, looking at charts and tapping on beakers and lighting Bunsen burners. It was impressive. He meant business. The zombies tied our hands behind our backs as Pepper walked toward us.
“I'm a little busy,” she said. “I'll deal with you guys later.”
I spat at her, but she just opened her mouth and ate my spit. I took a threatening step forward.
“What are you gonna do to us?”
“Eat you for dessert,” she said. “Any more brain busters?”
I stood next to Jackson. He was silent that whole time. It looked like he was sleeping standing up, and he drooled a little. Something about his aura was different. He was changing. The urge to flee from him came instantly. Zombies were preparing a table with food. Pepper licked her lips and walked toward Jackson. She took his hand and sucked on his fingers. “Mmm,” she went, looking at me, grinning.
I lost it.
“Take your mouth off of him!”
Jackson woke up.
He grunted, and smiled. Pepper caressed his face with the back of her hand.
“Glad you're seeing things my way...lover,” she said.
My stomach turned and I puked. Pepper jumped back, displeased. She turned to a zombie.
“Get this vile scum away from me!” she said. “Tie her to that pole and surround her with wild dogs attached to chains.”
So they did.
Dr. Kilt walked out from his office with a tray of vials.
“Here's the next batch, Momma,” he said.
Pepper took the tray and smiled and fed the doctor a cookie.
“Excellent,” she said, tapping his head. “Eeexceeellleeennnt.”
A zombie with a bowl walked up to her.
“Egg salad?”
Pepper waved the zombie away.
She walked over to the hole in the ground and put on a stereotypical, black, pointy witch's hat and started chanting. The hole let out a looong burp. More smoke rose. And then something weird happened. The smoke – I swear on my husband's grave – turned into the shape of...Hitler.
Adolf “The Devil” Hitler.
He saluted.
“Heil Hitler!”
Pepper clicked her heels together and saluted back.
“Heil Hitler!”
The Hitler-smoke ghost grew bigger.
He hovered around Pepper and went INTO the vials of Kilt. Lightning shot out from the tray and a big wind blew everyone's hair back. Dr. Kilt was sobbing and shaking his head. 
“I've made a terrible mistake,” he was blabbing. “God, I am looking up at you. Please forgive me! Forgive and forget!”
Hitler flew out of the tray and went back down into the hole. Pepper gathered the surrounding old people and gave them more Kilt. They were reinvigorated. They bowed to Pepper.
“Thank you, My Highness,” they all said, kissing her hand.
Pepper smiled.
“Thank you, My Lowness.”
And then the zombies all went back to work, loading the boxes of Kilt into hearses. Pepper drank a vial of Kilt and started dancing around – full of energy – full of life.
“I am God!” she screamed. I mean really screamed it. “I am Ga'hhhhhhhhhhhd!” A huge painting of Hitler on a triumphant horse was on a wall. Pepper pressed a red button, and the painting slid to the right, revealing a large monitor with an image of Oahu.
“Victory is near!” she said. “Soon, I will turn Oahu into my personal playground – my own little paradise. HEAVEN. Total control. I can do what and WHO I want. The dream of dreams! I will be Queen! Living like a god! And I will create like a god: I will repopulate Oahu with the supelderly and make a master race. We are faster, better, sexier. First Oahu, then the world! Finally...there will be peace on earth.” Then she threw her head back and clawed at the ceiling, and yelled, “Hawaii kann nicht eher zur Ruhe kommen, bevor die faul  Frage ausgeräumt ist!”
She spun around and pointed at me.
“And NO youth in my new world! We can't stand the sight of babies, kids, teens, adults! It's like we're looking at a rapist or a baby killer walking out of a courthouse. The youth have committed the sin of wasting their lives, worrying about bills and car insurance and hurricane insurance and ex-lovers and venereal diseases and job security and bills – constantly worry about money and bills, bills, BILLS. Idiots! They should be focusing on BLISS. Get it? See what I did there? Listen, bitch. Everyone dies, but no one really lives. So many waste their lives. What a waste of life! Even now, talking about them makes me so angry!” She said that last part with grinding teeth.
“Bring in the sacrificial pregnant woman!”
The zombie workers do just that, and the baby is ripped out from woman's belly and is tossed about like a football.
“Keep-away!” the monsters laughed.
Pepper took the baby...and let it suck from her wrinkled and somewhat long, black nipple.
On the large screen, I saw supelders conquering a military base. They took control of the tanks and planes and took them for joy rides. Dr. Kilt told her that they must train the zombies quickly before the mainland took action against them.
“Mein kampf,” Pepper shrugged. She put on a captain's hat, and the screen blinked and showed battleships. “With my fleet, we will be unstoppable. Get the battleships ready for battle!”  
The words “In-coming Message” filled the screen. An old captain asked for more Kilt – and quick. His men were getting nuts – going absolutely crazy – craving more Kilt. People were getting slow and looking for ways to get more energy. One man had already swallowed a cat whole to harness its cat-like powers. But it was just embarrassing. The wild cat tore out from the old zombie's belly and spooked everyone and hissed and ran off and jumped into the ocean where it was never seen from again. Pepper instructed Dr. Kilt to fill the hearses with more boxes and disperse the pills to as many zombies as possible – and to toss them from helicopters, if possible.
“You can't run an empire with sloths,” she said. Everyone nodded, and went, “Mmm, mmm.”
Pepper yawned and tossed the baby into the hole in the ground. A demonic burp came out, followed by an offensive odor. She explained that she liked the Devil because he let them do whatever they wanted. Although, she said quite honestly, she didn't like how he was like a dad that's never home. Thunder erupted in the giant hole. The building shook. Pepper was scared.
“I'm sorry,” she said. “Please don't kill me.” 
Right then, Jackson ran from the throne and growled and began tearing off many zombie heads and pulling off many zombie arms and legs and hands. He untied me. Jackson was a supelderly. He ran into the lab and knocked everything over and started a big fire. He jogged out, covered in flames. I screamed for him, but he just ran for Pepper with his arms out, ready to strangle her. Pepper looked around, confused.
“Shit!”
And then she started shoving zombies into Jackson's way. He brought his hands together like a spear and ran through each zombie and split them in two.
Jackson gave Pepper a bear hug, and she lit up right quick. They fought all around the church, setting things on fire. Jackson punched her IN the chest. She fell into an elevator shaft, way down there in all that darkness, trying desperately to scoop up and shove back in all the blood shooting out from the hole in her chest. I hit a switch. Pepper looked up, and the elevator made its slow way down. She gave Jackson a hopeless look. She jumped up and down over and over with her hands in the air, expecting him to grab her.
“Baby!” she said. “Save me! I love YOU!”
Jackson stood there, on fire, taking in deep breaths.
He smiled at her.
“...Get kilt,” he said.
Pepper's eyes lit up.
“You son of a...!”
The elevator eased on top of her...and she popped into a big, dark mess. I watched and enjoyed every second of her screaming. I'm not entirely sure, but I think I thanked God.
The place was going crazy. Zombies ran around in circles, biting their nails, not knowing what to do. The building was on fire. I was about to run out of the damn place, when I realized that Jackson wasn't with me. He just stood there, staring...waving bye. I yelled for him, but he didn't budge. He said that he was staying. It wasn't right that he was alive. He felt fake – felt guilty for cheating death. Right when he demanded that I “Go!” and “Leave now!” the ceiling gave way and all this crap fell between us. Smoke was in my lungs; breathing hurt.
I ran outside, coughing, and watched the place light up the night sky.
I didn't cry.
No time.


CHAPTER THREE

THE END

No more pills. The super elders turned into raging maniacs. Mad addicts. I jumped into a hearse and plowed through the crazies. Back in the city, I saw a slow supelder take out a bottle of Kilt, but it was empty. He looked around...and tackled a fellow supelder and ate him. The meat made him stronger. He raised his arms up and flexed like a muscle man, and said, “I am invigorated!” And then they were all attacking each other. It was a gruesome sight. I ran through some and moved on.
Once I was home, and all locked up in Clair's house, I fell on her bed and knocked out. Jackson visited me in my dreams, instructing me to protect the island and kill all the leftover zombies – to make the island clean again – to make Oahu right again. In the morning, I woke up crying for him. I went into the kitchen and made a meal consisting of rice and Spam, grabbed a machete – washed it clean – jumped into the hearse, and went back down into the world. The city was quiet. I could hear only my footsteps on the street. Newspapers flew around. Cars and trucks and buses stood around, torn apart, many burnt, smoking. I walked around so many bodies and limbs and scalps and piles of smiling skulls. The surviving supelders lost all their energy. They were on their bellies and moved on the streets like depressed snakes. Limbs too weak, some dug their chins into the ground and inched their way forward.  
It was hard for me to cut off someone's head, but Jackson's spirit must've possessed me, or something, because my hands just seemed to do the work for me. I chopped off their heads, and then I drove around the island to find as many dying elders as I could and sliced their heads off, too. After a while, it got easier. I felt nothing. Many of the zombies were in the Black Sands Coffee Company, all on the ground, struggling to eat bags of coffee. I cut their heads off and took home some bags of coffee.
So sue me.
It went on like this for days.
Once, I found a cannibal-boy eating the dead. I tried talking to him like I was talking to a stray dog, but it was for nothing. The kid found a Kilt pill on the body and ate it, and he exploded. I didn't even try to stop him. I didn't run. I didn't care. Another day, I visited the home and saw a supelder trying to stay alive by hooking itself to an energy drink life support system. I was impressed, but chopped its head off anyway – while the zombie cried and begged for kindness – and destroyed the contraption. I live up in the hills now and exercise regularly, just like I used to when I was “younger”. I eat all the Spam I want, and I go hiking whenever I want. Sometimes a find a half-alive super elder in the woods, so I'm never without my machete nowadays. I have those nights when I wake up and feel like dying. I miss Jackson. It feels like my chest is on fire when I think about him. Nothing there but pain...heartache...loss. I have to learn how to be alone all over again. I don't recommend it.
Meditation helps a little – being calm and peaceful – one with myself...with the world. When I jog down the mountain, I look over to the city of Honolulu, and I'm amazed by the silence...by the blueness of the sparkling ocean way off in the distance. I focus on the sound of my breathing as I jog...on the sound of my shoes hitting dirt...of the birds singing all around me. Peaceful...so peaceful.
I don't remember the last time I looked in a mirror. Don't care anymore. I'm over it.
The exercise keeps me feeling real good.
I have more energy than ever before.
I feel younger than I ever did.
I feel alive.
The End

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Raymund Hensley is the author of Filipino Vampire. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/

https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley

https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/

https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs


ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

