
Ghost City
Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

All rights reserved
Cover design by Raymund Hensley

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.



CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE
Currently at Ghost City

CHAPTER TWO
The Making Of A Monster Hunter

CHAPTER THREE
The Big Clean Up

ABOUT THE AUTHOR


IS IT A GHOST PORTAL?
By Sister Janice Raterraw

(Reprinted with permission from The Hawaii Trumpet; issue 3.)

A mysterious portal opened in the clouds over Honolulu recently. Many witnesses are claiming to see ghosts flying out from it. Highly respected, intellectual individuals, such as Father Wham Smith, owner of Kimo Church in Makaha, said the following: 
Guests wanting to see the portal must call two months in advance to be on the waiting list. Please, no flash photography and no babies. The constant crying appears to aggravate the ghosts. And remember: “No shoes, no shirt, no entry.”

(Remainder of article eaten and unreadable.)


CHAPTER ONE

CURRENTLY AT GHOST CITY

….And then I held my breath and shoved my fist into the woman's stomach and gripped intestine. When I gave it a good yank, all her mess came out in glittering shades of red this and red that. I shut my mouth and eyes...warm splatter all over my face. A terrible thought struck me: If a cannibal's blood got into my face-holes, will I wake up one day craving human flesh...like this girl...like all those people...like a cannibal? Eating human meat? The idea was sickening.
The white woman grabbed my neck and squeezed, so I pulled out more guts. My hands had a hard time yanking. Very difficult. Like holding on to greased rope. I think the cannibal woman was British. She kept yelling, “I'll eat ya! Yes! You better kill me! Ahhh!” She was yelling through the pain. Then her eyes rolled back white, and she fell on me and pinned me to the grass. Again with the warmth – this time all over my belly, some liquid running down into my pants and around my back.
When she fell, her forehead CONKED against mine and left a big bump. Her mouth was over my mouth, and I could smell her stink, dead-meat breath. Jesus, her tongue touched mine. I was surprised; I wasn't turned on. If I may be honest, I felt guilty.
I was lonely.
I needed company.
After that fight, I tried not killing. I tried making new friends.
One time, I was walking through downtown, and a little boy – I don't know, age 15 – jumped off a bus and tackled me to the ground. I pressed my feet on his belly and kicked out and sent him flying – crashing – through a store window. He ran back out and jabbed his finger at me. He was weeping. Glass was all up in his face.
“Gimme back my knife!” he begged.
I looked down and saw his blade's handle sticking out from my shoulder. I pulled it out and made a deal with him. I would give his knife back, but only if he agreed to sit down and chat with me about religion and movies and books and current events. But he had to be real about it – no fake interest in what I had to say. The boy cocked his head and looked at me weird. He said, “You crazy or sumtin'?” I took offense and threw the knife at him, thinking that he'd grab it and run off. But naw.
He just stood there like a cat in headlights, and the knife hit his forehead.
He went down, wiggling like a fish...froze with his hands clawed in the air...and, well...just stayed that way. I assumed he was dead.
I was horrified...saddened. To make myself feel better, I dragged him to Kaka'ako Park and dug a shallow grave on one of those green hills overlooking the ocean and dead ships. That park – all the tourists used to go there to take their wedding pictures. I looked at my aching hands, then said a little prayer.
“Oh yay, oh yay,” I went. “Please God, accept this poor, murdered soul into your flock and/or herd. Let this young, dead boy ride on the back of your holy lion. Father...please forgive me for killing one of your own. Damn. I'm sorry. He tried to eat me out! I am ashamed...so shamed. Please forgive and forget. Master, please! Stop damning me! I don't wanna go to Hell – that hot, hot place!”
And then I cried a little.
Or maybe it was raining.
Ah! That old guilt again. Always with the guilt. NO MORE KILLING. These people were innocent! People were going crazy and turning into cannibals, but it wasn't their fault. They were just hungry. Food. People do strange things when they're hungry – desperate things. I was lucky. Before the ghost portal came, I always had tons of Spam to fill me up. I was all set from day one. Canned food at its finest.
After I said my words of peace – after I blessed that boy and kicked away the roaches that were already all over his grave – I made promises, goals: 1) No more killing people, and 2) Try to make friends. Just keep trying until someone gives in...until someone a little more sane than the rest can hold a reasonable conversation. Heck, I'd even talk about politics.
And then I go and yank out that woman's insides and kill her. 



And now here we are.
Me dragging her to Kaka'ako...burying another one of my fellow humans...another sad soul. Another sad, sad soul that was just mad with hunger; that's all. Otherwise, good people, I was sure of it. Loneliness. Guilt. I could feel God looking down on me, ashamed; and I could feel Mr. Satan looking up, approving.
“Your room is ready, Dr. Boss,” Satan was saying. “Anytime you're ready. Anytime you're ready.”
A stronger part of me demanded I shut up with all the guilt-talk.
You're a survivor, it said. You're just doing what you have to do to make it in Hawaii – to live, dammit, so cut out all this BS about guilt. You HAVE to kill. You HAVE to protect yourself. These aren't people anymore. These are damn cannibals! Get it through your head. Not people. Cannibals.
But I'm lonely. I need companionship. I need a woman. Please, God, I want a lover.
You'll get over it. In time...you'll get used to being alone. Besides, you wanna be friends with someone who eats people? 
No.
Who gobbles up cats? Dogs?
No.
Who eats DEAD BODIES? Are you weird???
Of course not. I don't wanna kiss a girl that just ate a dead body. It disgusts me.
Well, then...stop talking to yourself and head on home. A mighty Spam feast awaits ye.


I had to leave my condo. Those cannibals were everywhere. They were breaking into places and messing things up. My condo was no exception. When I got home, the place was trashed. It was like someone irresponsible threw a drunkard's party. The stink of urine hung in the air, chairs stuck out from walls, spit filled the kitchen sink, and a half-eaten arm was in the toilet. It reached up with a clawed hand. I flushed, but that didn't get rid of it. Those irritating cannibals....they took all my clothes, but they didn't find my precious canned foods.
I stuffed them all in a backpack and went out for my new place, and I knew exactly where to go.
Back in the world, before the island went haywire with ghosts, I was paid to get rid of some zombies in Kalihi. The guy said I could stay over his place until I finished my job, and there would be a lot of zombies to kill, because he lived behind a cemetery. I said, “For all this money you're giving me, I'll hold you down and give you the ol' up-down.” He said that wasn't necessary. I was just joking, of course.
I lived on the bottom floor of a two-story house owned by two 60-year-old Hawaiian-Filipino brothers. The house got into trouble even before I could get to work. If memory serves me right, one brother got drunk, died of a heart attack, turned into a zombie, and tried to eat the other. Much screaming. I remember being in bed, trying to read, looking up at the ceiling and thinking, What the F is all that damn noise?
To escape being bitten, the still-human brother jumped off the roof and broke his neck. I saw tears in his eyes. I like to think it was due to a broken heart. After he, too, turned 'sour', I killed them zombie brothers with a sharpened shovel. Seeing as how I had to get paid, I searched them. Not finding anything, I went upstairs and looked around. The place was strange. The walls were covered in newspaper, and animal hair was all over the floor, and I kept hearing a soft whining sound, like a dog was behind a wall or somethin'.
In any case, I found my money in an empty honey jar and got the heck out of there before the fuzz came and threw me in jail. Sure enough, as I walked down the sidewalk, cops sped by. I kept my head down. Works every time....


The house still looked the same, except for the plastic covering the windows and all those boards nailed over the front door. Took me an hour to get them off. I could've smashed through a window, sure, but I wasn't in the mood to hear shattering. I placed each board in a nice pile and opened the door. I expected no one to be home, and I was wrong.
Two dead, old women were on the couch. The looked somewhat ethnic, and they smelled like fish.
I took them out back and buried them under a mango tree.
I was hungry, and a sick part of me started getting some ideas. But I wasn't interested in cutting them old people all up and eating them. I'd KILL myself before I ate another person – living or dead or living dead.
I turned on the TV and got nuttin' but static. I knew that would happen. It was just that I always hoped to see a news reporter. “Good news!” she'd say. “Everything's back to normal! The ghost portal is gone!” And if you were lucky, you'd see my commercial right after:
Aloha. My name's Dr. Boss. I can help soothe you – help get rid of your walking dead problems. Just pay my murdering fee and we can do business. Oh, and let's not forget my cleaning fee and depression fee....
All that right there was what you heard on my commercial. It would air at (if I'm remembering correctly) two in the damn morning. It didn't bring any business. A thousand dollars. Down the drain. Good grief. Running a business is hard. I thought I was supposed to be making money? I wasn't living, I was surviving. That's no way to go. Money was tight. Everything I ate was Spam. Spam, Spam, Spam. Meals like fried Spam, boiled Spam, microwaved Spam, chilled Spam, and liquified Spam.
It's all that damn ghost portal's fault. See, that's when the zombies stopped coming! I don't get it. They just...stopped...coming.
Well...now let me tell you a little about this here ghost portal. I'm looking up at it now as I write this. Look at it...ghosts flying in and out, carrying white souls, black souls, yellow souls. (Five minutes later.) I just spent five minutes yelling at that damn portal. I was venting. It never listens to me. It just does what it does...stealing souls at random.
It showed up over Honolulu in 2010 – a big hole in the sky that sucked in the clouds all the live-long day. It was like an upside down, giant sink drain, but for clouds. At first, people were happy to see it. The hole was interesting. People pointed and many clapped. Japanese tourists took pictures, and when even more tourists started flying down, we all thought, Good. Better for Hawaii's economy. The Governor even held a big Downtown party: Rock bands played; girls with painted, naked bodies danced and jiggled their fat; kids ran around naked and free; parents got drunk and breakdanced on cars; and Governor Sherripa was seen running topless through the crowd of drunkards, screaming something about aliens – but in a good way. She was then seen swimming in a bathtub full of whiskey on the back of some pickup truck. She was taken to the hospital as a result of alcohol poisoning. Later in an interview, she apologized for her sick actions and vowed never to suck a drop of alcohol again. (But that's what they all say. I should know.)
All were merry.
That is...until the ghosts came down and started “attacking” people. But they didn't just scare the living daylights out of everyone. They took their souls – right done yanked them out and took them up, up, up...back into the portal. The cemeteries were filling up fast. Many bodies had to be put in big freezers by order of the Governor. Families were pissed. But as they say, “Better to be pissed off, than pissed on.” And it got me thinking....Why didn't people just cremate their dead? Why keep the bodies lying around? What is WITH these families that insist on holding on to rotting corpses? They're insistent! What is this sick fascination? Are they crazy? Daft? Mental???
The first police officer to shoot up at the portal got his legs pulled off by a ghost. Some Irish tourist caught it all on tape. It was all over the news. Jesus....The cop looked very confused.
Then more police attacked the portal...then more ghosts came...then the military attacked...then MORE ghosts came. The message was clear: Leave the ghost portal alone. Nothing could be done. Not even those priests could help. One day, they all got together under the portal and held hands and complained to God about the hole in the sky. Long story short, ghosts flew down...ate their faces off for some reason...and stole their souls back up to the ghost portal. The zombies slowly stopped coming. I wasn't getting many calls. Few people needed my help. I felt useless. It was at this point that I started my crying phase. All hope was lost. I quit my side-job folding clothes and stayed in my room for days. Didn't matter anyway. The mall was closing. ALL stores were closing. The tourists weren't flying in – not after being attacked by atrocious spirits. People were dying on the streets. Once, on the news, I saw a row of people just fall over like dominoes. It was amazing. After that broadcast, everyone stayed HOME.
One thing did benefit from the ghost portal, though.
A game show called Ghost City.
The commercial went something like this: “Would you explore Hawaii's most haunted places for hundreds of dollars? If you think you've got what it takes, we want you for...Ghost City! Hawaii's first ghost hunting reality show. Sign up now to be a contestant!”
And yup, people came like farts in the wind.
But only 10 were selected.
ME being one of them.
Good thing, too. I was jobless. Again, the zombie busting business was pretty much dead. I didn't understand why the dead weren't coming back to life. Something was wrong. It was like all the zombies just gave up and stayed dead. It had to do with the ghost portal. It showed up, and that's when the zombies stopped coming. I needed money. Big-time. That game show thing seemed so easy. All we had to do was make our way to the rooftop, where a briefcase filled with money was waiting. No problem. Seemed easy enough. In my mind, ghosts had to be easier than zombies. I don't know why I thought that. I just did. And I was friggin' so wrong.
All of us were wrong.
Contestants were getting killed left and right – ghosts disemboweled them, tore their limbs off, skinned them alive, fried their bones, stripped away their nerves....Damn ghosts. One of the contestants kept giving me static, kept insulting me, kept trying to intimidate me. It was some big guy who shall go unnamed. Fool! He thought he knew everything; thought he had it all planned out. What's worse than an arrogant fool? An arrogant fool that's also a ghost hunter. Screw that guy! I don't even wanna say his name. Let him cook in Hell. But anyway....
I made the mistake of making pals with one of the contestants.
Her name was Lacey Zoolu.
She was Russian.
We all had to survive a night at an abandoned place called Lord Hannigan's Hospital. I didn't tell anyone, but I already went to that place the past year to take care of some zombie business. I don't remember his name, but some guy that lived in the woods called me, complaining about a zombie terrorizing his family. I went to his house and found the living dead girl riding on their large dog. The family watched in horror, pointing, screaming, demanding me to do something about the terrifying spectacle. The zombie girl saw me and tugged on the dog's left ear and headed right for me. I yanked out my trusty sledgehammer and swung a big, heavy one. Her head came off messy, hitting that guy's wife right in the face; then the head rolled around on the grass – teeth chattering – and the husband lit it on fire with his lighter; then they hugged one another and cried while the flames cooked.
The dog flung the zombie's headless body high into the air. It landed on its feet and ran down the dirt road with its arms waving in the air. It ran all the way to.... 
Lord Hannigan's Hospital.
It ran into the abandoned place, into some dusty room filled with gurneys, and right before I was about smash its legs with my sledgehammer, the thing up and died. I figured the head – the brain – finally burnt up. I got my monies – my $200 – from that guy and started my long walk home. Tired, I decided to sleep the night over at the old hospital and think about my life. What was it all about? Where was I heading? Did I really love what I was doing for a living? Was it my calling? These were all very important questions. More often than not, they seemed like problems. They needed solving, I believed. Or what was the point of it all? Of living?
Purpose.
It was all about purpose. What was mine? Maybe it was time to get a girlfriend. Maybe she could help. Maybe a good sit-down chat with a lover could help make things clearer.
Cut to: Me and this girl, Lacey, walking the dusty hallways of that abandoned hospital. She was with some guy that got spooked real bad by a ghost and ran away like a fancy girl, leaving Lacey all by her lonesome. That ghost would've gotten her, too. That is, until I came along and punched that ghost's head. Its face come off and crashed through a window, and I think it hit a bird. I took Lacey's hand and ran off with her. She was wonderful! We talked about love, about life, about politics (which I thought I hated talking about), and we talked about art. But then she had to turn a wrong corner and get snatched up by a ghost. I grabbed her feet and pulled, but it was no good. The ghost ripped her neck open, and her soul (along with much blackish & greenish blood) flew out from her. The ghost took her soul and flew away with it. I ran to a window and shook my fist at the ghost, yelling, “Bastard! Come back here with her! With her souuuuuul!”
It didn't listen.
I assumed it was heading its merry way toward the ghost portal. They always did. That's what I always saw on the news. Weeping and sniffling in that crazy, embarrassing way, I walked over to Lacey's body and embraced it. I didn't care that her neck-blood spurted all over my face. I held her close. She could have been the one. The ONE. And this ghost portal had to go and screw it all up. I felt like crawling up into a ball and sleeping all day.
I was more depressed than usual.
But there was no time for it.
I picked myself up and thought about money – all that money waiting for me on that roof. I was gonna win that money, buy a ton of beer, go home, and get hammered drunk.
Suddenly, I felt a lot better.
I folded Lacey's body up and stuffed her down a laundry chute as gently as I could for safe keeping. I then ran screaming, positively, down some dark hallway.
“Get ready, you damn ghosts! I'mma gettin' my monies and nothing's gonna get in my way! Yaaaaaarrrrggghhhhhhhh!”
At some point, I was trapped in a room filled with what seemed like 20 ghosts, and that big, unnamed guy I mentioned earlier (the ghost hunter) locked me in that room. He laughed while he did it, saying how HE was gonna win that money and “throw” a dollar in my mouth, because he was such a “nice guy”. So there I am...all trapped in this room with all these ghosts. It was a mad fight. I was flinging ghosts here and there. They got in a few good hits, but I managed to hold my own. One of them ran their fist through my chest and almost – almost – pulled out my soul, but I punched that ghost IN the face and pulled out ghost-brain and threw it back in its face and kicked the ghost away. It crashed through a window, and that's when I got my little idear: Climb out the window!
Which I did.
And was able to climb one of those water drains...all the way up to the roof. 
To my stupid horror, I saw Mr. Unnamed dancing around with my briefcase of money. He talked to the host of the game show with the camera guy all up in his face. The host kept calling that ghost hunter “Winner”.
“Anything you wanna say to your adoring fans, Winner?”
“My mom, dad, all my fans. I want to thank Ghost City for this exciting opportunity. And, of course, I want to thank my lord and savior,” the winner smiled, but he didn't say who that was. “Kids, remember...stay off them drugs!”
He was smiling so brightly. That bastard! I ran up and made to goose him, but those damn Samoan security guards put their mitts all over me and hauled my ass away. I dragged my heels, cursing into the night, and watched as that ghost hunter was showered with love. Those Samoans threw me into a taxi. I told the Korean driver to drop me off at some bar, where I got super drunk. I went to my condo that night and collapsed on the kitchen floor. In the nude.


I didn't dream of anything.
Usually I dream of nice things when I'm drunk.
But not that night.
Waking up was the worst part. I couldn't stop vomiting. I didn't even get up. I opened my eyes and mouth and bad stuff flew out in a powerful stream. I hit a rat once, but I didn't care. I tried not to think too hard...but her face just kept popping in, stalking me.
Lacey....Lacey....
After I lost the game show, I'd always find myself walking through the woods, hammered drunk, just crying, thinking, not caring how hard it rained. I was an epic failure. Failed zombie business. No money. Now I'd have to get a job, maybe as one of those guys that pushed carts around at supermarkets. Looked easy enough.
For some reason, I got an urge to go to church, so I's did.
I saw some people on a hill with their hands in the air. Ghost flew all around these dumb-asses. I started running toward them and yelled at them to run their dumb-asses away, but they didn't listen. They just stood there...and then the ghosts flew through them and towed their souls away. The people dropped dead, I walked away, and that was that. Almost seemed like they wanted to die. I couldn't blame them. Crazy times. Crazy, depressing times. After that, I just strolled back into the woods and walked around some more...thinking about other possible future jobs. Maybe I could go back to school and be an accountant. I shuddered at the thought. Math. Numbers. Gadzooks. It felt like a black hole was swallowing me up. Hopeless....Hopeless....But come on. Accounting. People were always hiring for that sort of thing. Nursing was another option....Sure, cleaning butts all day is gross, but I've seen worse, believe you-me.
People were giving up.
It was estimated that 81% of the island moved away to Vegas and Seattle. Those left behind were in a world of hurt: Random fires, buildings blowing up, trees falling down, stores raped, cars overturned, babies crying, the elderly molested, houses molested, businesses abandoned, streets defecated on, much screaming, much weeping...general chaos and misery.
There was no need to weep for Oahu. Portals were popping up all over the world.
The ghosts were winning.
I survived by staying indoors – high up in my tower – feeding on beer and cans of Spam. It was a rare event that I ventured outside. I only did to get some air or if I heard someone screaming for help, which happened more than I liked. I'm saying, like everyday someone would shriek, and seeing as how I'm such a nice guy, I'd run out in my black getup and battle the ghost, or sometimes it would be some crazy biker-guy harassing some chick. Now, I'm not a very big guy, but my knife always made things fair. I try not to kill anyone human, but sometimes I have to run my blade in some guts. Like pushing a knife through a tire.
Ah, time. It goes by quick when you're blasted off alcohol. Sometimes I'd go too far and wake up outside! Next to a burning car, in the dead of night, my head pounding. Not too smart. Never know who or what will get ya.
Let's recap: Punching woman's gut and pulling out her intestines, game show tries to make money off the ghost portal, me losing said game show, me surviving in a post-apocalyptic Hawaii, and now here we are; back where we started....


I woke up under a tree. 
I was at a beach.
How'd I get here? Drunk walking. Another adventure. Works every time.
The sun was in my eyes; sand was in my mouth; crawly things were in my ears. I stood up and cleaned myself up and just stood there for a long time, staring at the whooshing waves. I was in a trance. I felt...peaceful.
And then I heard the screaming.
I walked down the beach, expecting something really bad to happen. I saw smoke. Smelt cooked meat. I reached back and pulled out my knife. Heard more screaming. Maybe this time it would be a hot woman. A hot Russian woman that needed help – that would throw her arms around me when I saved her, kissed me all over my face. But it was no hot woman. It was a cannibal beach party, complete with beach balls and boys playing in the ocean with legless girls on their shoulders. Old people were in a cage – all very old people with their hands on the bars, looking depressed. Someone was cooking over a fire, a metal bar shoved through its body. A cannibal turned the meal with a crank. The fire crackled and sparks would sometimes fly out. The old people in the wooden cage saw me.
“Help!” cried an old woman. “You, there! Young man! Give us a hand here!”
Fools!
I ducked behind a bush, but it was too late. The cannibals pointed in my general direction and screamed and ran towards me. The men still carried their legless women on their backs. The women threw spears at me. I ran, and I got a spear in my ass. I pulled it out and threw it back. I got one of them guys right through the belly. He gripped the spear and stopped running and looked very confused. I ran into the woods and climbed up a tree, listening as they went looking for me.
“He killed, Johnny!” a girl said.
“I'm gonna eat him out!” said a man.
“He's here somewhere,” said another.
I stayed up there until nighttime. Then something bad happened.
I got hungry.
I went home to eat, but everything was gone. No, thieves didn't rob the place. I had been getting hammered drunk way too often. So much so, that the need to restock completely slipped my mind. I went out to the mall, sneaked into some food stores, but they were bone dry. I then broke into a few houses, but no, useless...all of them were cleaned out. One thing ran through my weak brain: Drink! I need a drink. But all that was gone, too. I had nothing. Nothing expect tap water. Could you live off just water? I went back home, locked the doors, and slept my hunger pains away. Was it true what they said?
Three minutes without air.
Three days without water.
Three weeks without food.


Something like a month went by.
I was throwing up strange, acidic stuff that hurt my throat like something awful. A little later, and I was eating cockroaches...then rats...all cooked, of course. Then I wanted meat – really wanted meat – GOOD meat. No more rat meat. Something was just wrong with how it tasted. All this time, my head spun a little. I wasn't thinking clearly. My thoughts were distant...like they were being beamed in by some UFO.
I took a shower, brushed my teeth, got dressed, grabbed my knife, and went out.
I was on that cannibal beach again.
It was night....They were all sleeping....The cages were all empty....There was a pile of skeletons....Their campfire was dead, but still smoking a little....I could smell something so good, my stomach growled....As those cannibals snored, I cut their throats – covering their mouths and whispering to them Shhh, shhh, shhh....I was real quiet about it....I was too weak for any sort of battle....I took a female home, a legless one so as to make dragging her easy....Was able to make it home safely....Sliced off some meat from her arm and cooked it....
Then ate it.
I swear, I didn't know what the heck I was doing....I was just so hungry....I was possessed by hunger....It was like I was watching myself from the outside....I was so hungry....I'm sorry....This isn't who I am....I don't know who I am anymore....It always feels like someone's watching me....It always feels like her head is under my bed, staring at me....
What's gonna happen to me now?


CHAPTER TWO

THE MAKING OF A MONSTER HUNTER

Time to go back.
Wayyy back....
To 1979.
According to an old newspaper, my mum was admitted to the hospital that year, and she murdered 90% of everyone in there. Much screamings and bleedings and beheadings. Why was Mom acting that way? What had set her off? The police tried to reason with her, tried to bargain with her, telling her to “Think about the baby inside of you!” Mom responded by throwing a nurse's head out of a window and laughed as the ball of hair CRASHED through a police car's windshield. According to an eyewitness, the policeman inside tumbled out and accidentally shot himself in the stomach.
The paper said that my mom acted like someone possessed by a demon.
The police couldn't just stand around with their thumbs in their mouths, so they rushed in to get her. But she wasn't going without a fight. Hiding behind doors and jumping down from vents, she was able to slaughter 52 cops. Even after being shot at so many times, she still ran and climbed like someone “possessed”. At one point in the battle, she was armless, but as you might've guessed, she still managed to kill a few people. Took their lives by biting and yanking out their throats. Fingers, too, if you want the details.
In the end, the guns won. One thing the paper mentioned was how they found hair in my mom's mouth. I never could figure that part out.
Good thing I wasn't around during Mom's last stand.
A male nurse named Todd Doktor, my mom's lover, saved me. Right before the cops decided to raid the place, my mom told Todd to cut her open and take me out, and that's what he did. Mom got some needle and thread and closed herself back up and ran away to fight the “bad guys”.
Todd, he hid me under his jacket and got me out of there.
Bless his little, dead heart.


My real dad. My father. That guy's a mystery to me even to this day. But Todd, he did me well. Todd never spoke about him; didn't help that I never asked....Todd lived in the woods, in a stick mansion. It was something like three stories, made with mud, plant-rope, various sticks, and various rocks. It even had a working bathroom with a toilet made of alabaster stone. He said the “bad stuff” traveled through some wooden pipes and went down into a stream. And lights? We used torches. We lived in the mountains of Kalihi, close to “civilization”. He said that was a good thing. Made his second job as a bible salesman easier, and if there was anyplace to sell bibles, it was Kalihi: Home of God-fearing Filipinos imported yearly, fresh from the Philippines, Fresh Off the Boat, who we called FOBs. Because I had a warrant out for my arrest, I had to be home-schooled. My new “father”, Todd, taught me everything I had to know about life. He made me read the bible every day. But only one part. The last part. The Book of Revelation. You know, the scary story. I cried whenever I read it – scared me right out of my skin – kept me up at night. Father once told me, “Are you scared? Good. That's how God knows you're listening. That's how you keep yourself from going to Hell – how you know you're on the right path. Fear God, son. Fear for your life.”
I nodded. I had to agree.
He was my dad, daddy, daddy-O, daddums. Everything he said was law. If it wasn't for him, I'd be locked away in some orphanage. This was something I made myself remember each night I slept on my soft, stick bed. I owed that man my life. He gave me a name.
Boss.
After what he called God. After this universe we live in.
I took his last name.
Doktor.
One night, I was cooking mongoose eggs on our stone stove when I heard him screaming. I ran outside and saw him struggling with a man...a mailman...a DEAD mailman. I knew he was the walking dead, because his stomach was dangling out of him, and he was stepping all over it. The stomach was steaming! And this “man” just stepped all over himself without caring. No normal person can do that; I don't care how crazy you are. Oh, and his legs were just bone. No pants. No meat. Just clean bone. Something bad must have happened to that mailman. Envelopes flew out from his bag. A letter that read “Congratulations! You might have won $1,000,000!” hit me in the face and gave me a paper cut right in the eye. I had to wear an eye patch ever since that day.
I was seven.
The mailman bit Dad. I ran up to them, and Dad kicked me away to protect me. Or, at least that's what I keep telling myself. Dad picked the guy up and held him over his head and threw him into a bush of thorns. We always had construction supplies around; Dad picked up a handsaw and got to work on the monster's skull; the top of its head flew off with a comedic POP sound. Blood came out and sparkled in the sun. It all happened in slow motion for some reason. I think I was in shock. Dad was screaming for me to run back inside our home. I couldn't move. I felt dumb. Totally stupid! Dad destroyed some brain, but not enough. That bastard zombie shoved its hand into my dad's mouth and pulled out a mess of black material. Dad's eyes rolled back white, and he fell down. The zombie jumped on Dad and tore at his shirt, tearing away chunks of his chest. The zombie looked at me with its mind spilling from the top of its head...head foaming...bubbling.
Someone in the woods yelled.
The zombie's eyes blew up with fear as a giant hunting knife cartwheeled out from the woods and struck the monster right in the mouth, pinning him to a tree. It thrashed around, trying to break free, hands wrapped around the blade, slicing its own fingers off. An old woman with white hair ran out from the woods, screaming for me to get out of her way. Fifty zombies were right behind her: Nurses, bus drivers, surfers, chefs, kids, old people, bankers with suitcases, and so forth. The old woman picked me up and ran off with me.
Again, my life was saved.
I watched as those beasts feasted on my dad.
Next thing I know, I faint.
When I wake up, I'm in a condo, and I'm surrounded by hippies. A whole gaggle of them. Some sat in a circle and smoked. Some did yoga. One of them played the guitar. They all wore things like yellow pants and blue scarves and rainbow shirts, and there were flowers all over their bodies – behind ears, around their necks, off their rope-belts.
I'd grow up with these people. The old woman that saved me was Nora Fukamoto, and these hippies were her followers. They were like me – she saved them just before they were eaten by zombies. Those hippies became my brothers and sisters, and yet, I was distant with them. I barely remember having any sort of conversation with even one of them. Nora was a zombie hunter for hire. I was lucky that day she found me. I was an accident. 
Nora would only be home one day out of the week. Each time she came home, she'd be covered in blood and mud. She'd always throw a few big bills into the kitchen sink to help pay for the condo's insane rent, and then she'd vanish into her bedroom. We all assumed she was sleeping. One night, when I was 14, I put my ear against her bedroom door...and I heard weeping. I knocked and walked in. Nora was kneeling on her bed, in the nude, with a dagger held against her breast. The dagger's handle was shaped like a mad dragon. I thought she was gonna rip my eyes out for what I saw, but no....She smiled and waved me inside. I closed the door behind me and sat next to her. She put her finger to her lips and went, “Shhhh....”
The old woman was shaking.
She put her arm around me....She said she saw something in me. Something special. Told me that when the time was right, she was going to teach me all about zombie hunting. I was fine with it. Everyone needed a career. She seemed surprised. Killing zombies (tall, walking corpses) didn't bother me. Maybe because I was desensitized by seeing my dad...I mean Todd...killed and eaten in such a nasty way.
Nora. She loved her job.
All she ever spoke about was zombie slaying. How they're all evil. How they all deserved to die. The hippies speculated that maybe something bad happened to her when she was younger, like all of us there. But no, something in me said something much, much worse happened to the old woman. One time, I opened the bathroom door to take a shit and saw Nora doing pullups on the shower curtain rod. A huge scar was on her back. I saw spine. White bone. Maybe that had something to do with her terrible past. I don't remember what happened after that whole bathroom thing. I think I cried and ran off like a fancy girl.
Maybe she wanted me to see it.


Sometime later (I don't remember my age, but I was taller, manlier), Nora got us all together for a big announcement.
The hippies (some in their teens, some in their twenties) and I stood in a line like soldiers – eyes forward – in the woods as Nora walked back and forth...eyeing us out. (I was gonna write “eying”, but it just looks weird.)
The sun hissed like all hell. Sweat stung my eyes.
Nora waved around a whip.
“Zombie hunting. I can't do this forever. But someone has got to kill these beasts – keep them in check – has got to help the people of Oahu. Who here would like to take over for me when I'm gone?”
People looked around. Many raised their hands, including me. Nora grinned.
“You can get killed. Many have been killed. Some of you WILL be killed.”
She cracked her whip.
We jumped.
People were already crying.
Someone yelled out something confusing and ran off. Nora looked at the ground and shook her head.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk,” she said. “Anyone else smart enough to run off?”
Three more people ran. One of them yelped.
Then more...and more...until it was just me and two others: Tiffany, a skinny girl; and Paul, a bald man. Tiffany and Paul. Tiffany and Paul. Good people. Too bad they're dead. But anyways....
Nora smiled at us and said how happy she was. It was the first time I really saw her smile. She said that for a long time she was thinking about passing the torch. She didn't want to do zombie hunting anymore. She was getting too old. Her bones hurt all the time. It was difficult for her to even lift a blade – even harder to shove it into a skull and murder zombie-brain. The three of us looked at each other and nodded. We understood. This was going to be some sort of challenge...test...and the winner was going to get all the money in Nora's bank account.
She looked to someone behind us.
A man in a nice, red tuxedo walked out from behind a tree. He was carrying a briefcase. Nora waved him forward, and he stood next to her. He had a mustache, and I think he was Filipino. Nora cracked her whip again.
“This is Mr. Rose. My money man,” she said. “He will make sure that whoever takes over for me doesn't just run off with all my money. The winner must continue in my footsteps and kill as many of those bastard Dead Walkers as possible. You dig?”
We all clicked our heels and saluted her.
“Yeaaaah,” we said.
Mr. Rose smiled and opened his briefcase. It turned into a table. He spread some papers across it and got out his red pen, clicking it.
“All right,” he said in his low voice. It sounded fake. Like he was trying to sound like a real man. (I should know). “If I can get you guys to just sign these papers, we can start this thing.”
We did. I remember seeing the words Death and Accidental and Money and Babies and Forever. I didn't question it. I wanted to get this over with. I was gonna win this thing. The three of us looked at each other again, squinting our eyes, trying to look mean and serious. I felt like an idiot. A strong wind picked up and blew all these dead leaves around. Nora looked around at nature's sudden mood, nodded, and moaned.
“Mmm,” she went. “Mmmmmmmm....It's time. Let us begin the challenge!”
I asked how many challenges there were.
“Three,” Nora said. “The first is called 'Kill Scared'. The second is called 'Kill Me'. The third is called 'Kill You'. She looked at us. “The winner will be blindfolded and driven to a secret castle, where they will be trained in the secret art of zombie homicide.”
Something occurred to me, but I had a feeling Nora would say it first. And she did.
“Folks, you are standing in the heart of Forrest Undead. Zombies are all over the place.”
The other guys freaked out.
Tiff jumped straight into the air and landed in Paul's arms. His knees were trembling. Tiff was crying and yanking on her hair, then she yanked on Paul's hair. He didn't even try to stop her. Nora asked if they were all right – if they wanted out of the contest/challenge/game/event we all just signed up for. They said they wanted to stay – that they were strong – and they sniffed and wiped the snot off their faces and smiled. Forcefully. BIG smiles. Teeth shinning white. Eyes worried. I didn't smile. We were wasting time. I was going to win this thing, I knew it. I HAD to win. This was my purpose. For years, I always heard of people growing up not having a clue what they wanted to do with their lives. These people – these adults – went to college and spent thousands of dollars for nothing. They either couldn't find a job or they DID find work they specialized in, but they hated everything about it (even IF they were making a shit load of money). It wasn't what they loved doing.
They had no idea what they wanted to do with their lives.
But I knew.
Right there and then, I knew.
Zombie hunting was for me. And I was going to win that day. I could feel it in my bones. My whole body was singing – cheering me on. I was vibrating success.
Nora opened her arms to us.
“Now. Time for the first game.”
We walked a little deeper into the forest. It rained a little. We climbed down some rocks and came to a stream. Across that was a tall fence with an old gate in the shape of a screaming demon – the teeth made of swords. Damn gate looked like something you'd see in Conan: The Barbarian. The fence was rusty, made of thick bars topped with arrows. It ran far down the stream on both ends. Behind the fence were wooden crosses, all sticking out from the ground at different angles. The ground was littered with white rocks that were once, I imagined, headstones. Nora turned to us. Sweat ran down her face. Her hair was all sticky...stringy.
“Across this stream,” she said, “is Novac Cemetery. If you folks haven't heard of it, it's because it's a secret – and sacred – place only known to master zombie murderers, such as myself. It's a place of practice. Sometimes I come here just to blow off some steam. Many zombies here. They never stop coming.” She smiled when she said it.
Tiff looked at me. She looked scared. Her chin trembled. Nora jumped forth and shook her shoulders.
“If you wanna leave, do it now!” Nora said. “I can't have you dying on me. I can't take the guilt....”
Tiff words came out fast and nervous:
“I'm ready,” she said. “I'll do whatever you ask.”
Nora looked sad.
“I don't believe you. But it's your call.”
A British man walked out of the woods and greeted us. Nora wasn't surprised. The British fellow pulled on a rope as thick as a man's calf muscle, and five zombies moaned out of the woods, eyes covered with blindfolds. This long rope was driven straight through their bellies, connecting one zombie to another. At the end of the line was a skinny, British woman that carried around a huge, golden ax.
The British man tipped his small hat to Nora.
“Mo'ning!”
Nora didn't smile at them. 
“Early, I see,” she said, eyeing out the zombies that just stood there.
The British man, always smiling, nodded.
“Yes, yes...our work never stops. People always needing more things to practice on and throw things at, ha ha ha.” He looked at Tiff and me. “Still training?”
Nora nodded.
“You can call it that.”
“And what would you call it?”
“Oh, I don't know,” Nora said. “Let's just say...some kind of rebirth.”
I looked at the British woman. She was staring right at me. She smiled and winked. The British man yanked on the rope.
“Come on, you hooligans. Mush!”
They walked the line of zombies over the stream and shoved them right into the cemetery. The zombies sniffed the air. The British team took off their blindfolds, then gave the rope a good yank. The thing made a zipping sound on its way out. A clean hole was left behind. I could see straight through those zombies. They looked around in wonder and stumbled about...slowly...arms out...all just walked off in a daze. The British team waved goodbye to us and walked down along the stream and vanished behind a large boulder.
Nora walked to the stream and took off her high heels and stepped into the water. She turned around.
“We'll do this by age. Let the oldest of you three step forward.”
Paul walked to her. His hands were shaking. Nora noticed. Paul saw that she noticed, so he bit into his hands to calm them. It worked, and Nora nodded.
“Very good,” she said. She took his shoulders and turned him around to face us.
“Paul will cross the stream and fight a zombie...or zombiesss. Like you, he has no training. I believe in fate. It will decide if he will win...or die.” She paused. “He may not make it back.”
Paul's eyes blew up. He swallowed an imaginary fly. Nora went on.
“If you've got something to say to him, better say it now.”
No one said anything. Nora looked at Paul's wet face.
“If you win the fight, you may cross back. Then, the next oldest must go and fight.” She kissed him on the cheek.
“If fate finds you deserving, you will become a zombie hunter. This is a test of the heart, of the soul. Let your instincts guide you. Do what comes naturally. Make me proud.”
Paul took in a deep breath (shoulders going up high, then down) and crossed the stream. Mr. Rose was already at the gate. He took out a Gothic key and opened the huge lock, undid the chains, and opened the gate. Paul walked in...very, very slowly...like a chicken.
I knew then he was going to die.
He tiptoed around the crosses, head whipping here and there, listening for anything weird. It was like another world across that stream: The trees were thinner; the place was darker, muddier – depressing – like the sun was afraid to shine on it. Paul heard something and spun around. His face was covered in sweat. Or was it tears?
A cross shook...and then it was pulled into the ground. Paul cried out and gripped his heart. A hand shot out from the mud. Paul looked around and picked up a pointy stick. The zombie crawled out from its grave and rolled around on the mud. I kept thinking, Dammit, Paul, now's your chance! Kill it! Do something!
But he just stood there and stared at the odd creature. He was petrified!
The zombie was a woman in a wedding dress. At least I thought it was female. I couldn't tell because its face was meatless – nothing but dirty bone with a grin that was all teeth. Worms fell out of its eye-holes. The zombie kept snapping its jaw, making an unnerving sound, like someone banging wooden blocks together. It sounded somewhat musical. Paul took a step back and, of course, fell down. He just stared and stared, just letting the damn zombie walk toward him. And it wasn't even a fast walk. She walked like she had problems, like she was possessed by the shakes. Paul's mouth opened up, but no sound came out. His eyes were so wide at that point, he looked humorous. The zombie was almost on him. I don't know what got into me, but I stepped forward to help! I felt hands on me. It was Mr. Rose. He squeezed my shoulders tight, and I went down on my knees.
I think I heard Nora go, “Hmmm”.
Right when the beast was on him, Paul yelped and shot up and made a mad dash toward us, toward the stream. The zombie fell forward and grabbed his ankle. He fell and rolled over and kicked the zombie's head off. Bad idea, I thought. You had to kill the brain (everyone knew that part), but with the head so far away from him, he didn't have a chance.
And that was true.
The zombie climbed his body. 
Rotting hands blasted out of the ground and held Paul's limbs down as the bride zombie tore his neck open and played around with his insides. It looked like she was searching for her lost wedding ring. Tiff looked away and vomited all over her feet. Nora gazed at the ground and shook her head. The bride zombie stood and, with its arms out, walked around. It stepped on its own head, shattering it into pieces, and the zombie fell over...dead.
I felt sick.
Old, buried memories came flashing across my eyes – of my dad with all those zombies swimming over him.
Nora sighed.
“Let him go,” she told Mr. Rose.
He loosened his grasp on me. I shot up and made to punch him. Nora held me back. Mr. Rose smiled and backed away and held his hands up. He smiled. This all meant nothing to him. Just another day in the woods with people getting killed by zombies, he was thinking. Oh, well....
Nora cupped my face in her hands. She could tell I was fuming mad.
“Boss, I believe you're next,” said. “Use your energy wisely.”
I nodded and crossed the stream. I tried not looking at Paul's trembling, dead body, but I couldn't help it. The zombie-hands pulled down all together, and Paul exploded in a brilliant red splash. 
I screamed out like a girl.
Silence.
Then I heard Tiff weeping...then birds chirping...then the wind whispering nonsense into my ears. I yanked free a cross made of two sticks and tore it apart. I stood there with those two stakes in hand, waiting.
I just waited.
And waited.
A tumbleweed bounced by.
There was no need to walk around. I could feel them all around me. Might as well conserve my energy and wait for them to come to me. Somehow, I could sense Nora agreeing with me.
I heard a groan and turned to my left. A zombie climbed out from a brown puddle. It wore a yellow hardhat and a tool belt – a variety of screwdrivers and hammers included. This zombie had a long beard that ran down to his bullhead-shaped belt buckle. Like the bride zombie, his head was a bare skull. BUT, this one was quick. It still walked funny, but it walked with a purpose. It opened its mouth. The zombie made to moan, but no sound came out, only a rat. The pest bounced on the ground and zipped back up the zombie's leg, disappearing into a hole in its torn pants. I ran up to the zombie, screaming, and ran my stakes into its eye sockets. Nora cheered me on, yelling things. The zombie fell back against a tree. I grabbed the zombie's hammer and pounded the stakes deeper. The zombie held my shoulders.
It didn't seem to care.
Maybe it wanted to die.
I tossed the hammer over my shoulder and grabbed the stakes and started mixing. The brain inside the skull turned to mush. I could feel it – like mixing tough dough. Then the rats came. As if the zombie was controlling them via undead ESP, the rats ran out from behind the zombie's bones, zigzagging up my arms and bit me! I grabbed each one and threw them away. One of those mini bastards took a trip around my neck. Its rat-claws felt like needles against my skin. I reached around and took hold of the rat and shoved it into the zombie's mouth and pushed the monster back into the puddle.
I made too much noise.
Damn!
More zombies were coming: From behind trees, from out puddles, from under the ground...some even fell from trees (one zombie had a bird's nest on its head, baby birds chirpin' for Mama). Dead-hands popped out of the ground, reaching around for my feet. At one point, I was jumping around like a football player at practice, trying to avoid the bastard-hands. Then living-dead faces popped up from the mud, trying to bite me. Somewhere, a baby was weeping. All too confusing. I cried out to Nora.
“Have I murdered enough zombies?! Can I come back now???” I asked, still hopping around like a damn fool.
I was trying to smile.
Nora yelled back, hands waving: “Come on back!”
She looked pleased.
“I am pleased!” she yelled.
Mr. Rose opened the squeaky gate, and I ran through huffing and puffing. He slammed the gate shut with a BANG. The zombies stuck their arms through, hands hungry. I ran over that stream with zero heroism, zero grace – afraid for my odd life. I lost my footing and fell in the shallow stream, and for a second I thought I was drowning. I took in a mouthful of water. Total fear and confusion. My brain was on fire.
It all sunk in then: I came this close to getting eaten by zombies.
Nora dragged me out of the stream and gave me mouth-to-mouth. I didn't even know my insides were filled with water. I just kept thinking about zombies. My mind was betraying me. I kept picturing zombies eating me out. I didn't know if I was afraid or excited. Maybe there is no difference.
Next thing I knew, I was coughing up so much water. Even a small fish. It flopped on my stomach. I think that Mr. Rose-guy snatched it up and ate it. Actually...I'm pretty sure I remember him doing that.
Mr. Rose and Tiff and Nora standing over me. They were clapping. I was helped up to my feet by someone. Then I heard weird sounds. Complaining sounds? Was someone crying? I wasn't sure. My ears were filled with liquid.
After a minute, I was back to “normal”.
Tiff, weeping a storm....She was up next.
Tiff forced herself to go, to cross that stream. She was crying, and Nora tried talking her out of it, but the girl didn't want to quit. I remember thinking, Just quit. You don't wanna do it, then don't do it. At this point, you're just being stubborn. You've already lost. Accept it. Quit. It's respectable. I heard Tiff mumbling to herself, motivating herself as she tiptoed across the stream. She was saying something like, “I need this money. I don't wanna be a waitress anymore. Please, God, let me win. Just give me my monies. I just want my own, quiet place. I can do this. I MUST do this. Anything is better than working at a job.”
I couldn't help but feel sorry for her. A part of me wanted her to win. Can you believe it? In a stupid way, a part of me wanted her to win.
The zombies were still there – walking around with nothing much to do – strolling around, uninspired. Tiff walked into the cemetery, and Mr. Rose, using a very long stick, shut the gate behind her and ran off. I think he was smiling. Tiff looked over her shoulder, right at me, our eyes locking. I thought, Tiff, pick up a stake. Do what I did. To my surprise, she looked around and took apart a cross and held the two sticks close to her chest.
She walked toward the woods, into the center of the cemetery.
The zombies sniffed the air and jumped her.
Mr. Rose made a whining sound and began yelling.
“Tiff! Oh, God!”
Nora and I looked at him, then looked at each other, then back at him.
Tiff screamed out for help. A zombie had her in a headlock. She started punching the zombie in the gut. Much gore fell out, but nothing useful happened. Mr. Rose yelled again.
“You can do it, baby!”
Baby?
The zombies tugged on her arms and legs, holding Tiff up in the air! Mr. Rose took hold of his long stick.
“I'm coming, Honey! Baby!” He ran to the gate, fiddling with the lock. “Honey-baby!”
Nora just stood there.
“I knew it,” she said. “You cheating bastard! I hope they eat her all up!”
Mr. Rose called out for help, but Nora turned around and folded her arms. I was tempted to help, but what if she jumped on me? Nora was a total mystery. I had no idea what she was capable of. Honestly, I was more afraid of her than I was of the zombies. Mr. Rose opened the gate and began hitting the zombies with his stick, bashing them on the head. More zombies in the scene now – so much, I could barely make out Mr. Rose and Tiff. I heard them screaming – calling for my help. Calling out MY name.
I broke and ran to them.
Nora grabbed my shirt and threw me to the ground. I crawled back like a crab. My mind raced. All right, I thought. If I have to fight this crazy dame, then that's just how it's gonna be.
Nora took in a deep breath, rolled her eyes, and ran to the cemetery. She fought those zombies. It was an amazing display of martial arts action. But it was too late for Mr. Rose and Tiff. The zombies already had their limbs, munching on them like greedy slobs. One zombie had Tiff's hand in its mouth (I could tell by her yellow-painted fingernails). The hand stuck out, fist opening and closing.
Nora was is trouble.
She didn't scream out for help. I ran to the gate, but she kicked it shut, separating me from the zombies that tried to reach out and rip my face off. They had her. They tore her clothes off and ate her out – at her life-giving bits. She didn't scream out.
Not once.
In fact...I saw her smile.
I vomited all over the zombies behind the fence, and I ran down the stream with my hands over my face.
It was all my fault.
That's just how I honestly felt.

I went back to the condo and told everyone what happened. They began to worry about paying the rent. I told them we'd all have to get jobs. They didn't like hearing it. Many of them just sat down on the carpet with their legs crossed, meditating with great-big smiles on their faces. Some of them began singing – some kind of Jesus song about how everything was going to be all right.
“Just put your faith in the Lord,” they sang. “Just put your FAITH in the Lord.”
These damn hippies, I thought. Some of you guys are 10 years older than me, and you're acting like little kids without a care in the world.
People began arguing about who was going to work. No one wanted to do it. More and more people sat down and crossed their legs and just joined the other people as they meditated – as they blocked their brains from reality. It was like they were sleeping. People sleeping their problems away. It was a sign of depression.
A young woman walked up to me and asked about Tiff, about how she died. I told the sad tale, and the girl nodded.
“I told her to stay away from that man,” she said. “Tiff was always too thickheaded to listen to reason. She always has something to prove.” She paused. “I mean...had.”
This girl was named Lynn. I never saw her before. She said she was new – that Nora saved her from a zombie in Waikiki when she swimming. “Damn thing almost pulled me under!” Lynn said. “Must've been walking around down there for months, maybe years!”
Nora offered her a place to stay.
“I never want to go back home,” she told me. “I like it here. I hate my parents. They've been trying to control me my whole life. Maybe I don't wanna be a nurse. Maybe I don't wanna go back to school. Did you know that in a thesaurus, another word for college is prison? Maybe I don't wanna marry Alfredo Malltabon just because his family is rich. They wanted me to milk him for all he's worth, understand? These are my damn parents. Living in fear, always complaining about being poor. Always complaining about money. I'm sick of it.” She gave me a serious look. “I'll work for my spot here.”
The remaining people still awake (maybe around 5 of them) were fist-fighting. I was too short to just walk in their and break it up, so I threw vases at them. They stopped after the ninth one. They were all bleeding, but they said it was a fair move on my part. I was impressed with how fast and easy it was for these hippies to center themselves. I told them that I'd be the first to find a job, if that's what it took to inspire people to do the same. They all looked at each other and nodded. NOW they were smiling and happy. They began to dance around, holding hands. I don't know why, but some of them started spitting into mouths. Maybe it was a religious thing. I chose not to question it.
I told them my plan: I'd go around, walking the streets, stapling fliers for my zombie hunting business here and there, sticking fliers behind as many store and restaurant windows as I could. I ask if anyone would be interested in helping me. Many were interested; many raised their hands. But then I asked if anyone wanted to help me.
They all put their hand down.
Except for one person.
Lynn.


After ten hours of walking around, handing out and posting fliers under the blasting sun, my feet began to hurt. I took my gray sneakers off and massaged my feet. Lynn sat down next to me and offered a beer. I told her, “No thanks,” concerned about the police. She replied by downing a can in one go and crushed the can against the side of her head and threw it into the busy street. A car ran into another car, and both drivers jumped out with baseball bats. They looked at us, looked at each other, shook hands, and ran at us, yelling bloody murder. 
Lynn laughed and took my hand, and we ran off behind a building, climbing into a dumpster. We heard the men run by, complaining and excited. I couldn't hold my breath anymore. I pushed open the cover and jumped out of the dumpster. I couldn't breathe. Lynn pulled out another beer. (Where was she getting these from?) She put a hand on my shoulder.
“Do you need mouth to mouth?”
I thought about it; was it a joke? I laughed it off.
When we felt it was safe, we continued posting our fliers. A part of me called me a dummy. I had a chance to kiss a girl, and I blew it. Lynn was much older than me – by at least ten years – and that made the idea kind of weird. Shouldn't people have “relations” with others their age, yes? I wasn't sure why I thought that way, but something in me said I was wrong.
As we went around putting up fliers, and the more I thought about her, the more I wanted her. So what if she was older. Age. Hmph! Didn't make much sense to put a number on love. Was I in love? I felt good. Maybe that was enough to know.
An old Japanese fellow in a Hawaiian shirt, wearing a red bandana, walked up to us, holding one of our fliers. He pointed at me.
“Are you the one in this flier? The one with the eye patch?”
I looked at the flier, then to him.
“Yes. What can I do you for?”
The old man sighed.
“I need your help on something. My daughter is possessed by a demon.”
I put my hands up in surrender.
“Demon? I'm sorry. I don't do demons, if you know what I mean.”
The old man sighed again, loudly, looking like someone just walked over his grave. He looked like he wanted to cry.
“But I thought....” he paused. “Please?”
I was going to say something, when Lynn stepped in front of me.
“Of course he'll do it!” she said, smiling.
The old man began moving his body up and down in joy, trying to jump.
“He will?”
I looked at her.
“I will?”
Lynn put her arm around me.
“This fine fellow needs our help. You can handle a little exorcism.” She looked at the old man. “What we have here is a bonafide demon hunter. A damn demon destroyer!”
I frowned.
“We do?”
The old man was in awe. He stared at me. He examined my hair, touched my face, tapped on my eye patch, squeezed my cheeks together (on my face).
“Amazing,” he said. “Of course! It makes perfect sense. For what is a zombie but a demon driving around in a corpse!”
Lynn nodded.
“Right! And Boss here has killed many a-zombie, which means, by default, he killed many a-demon. He's a goddamn expert!”
The old man looked worried.
“I don't want my daughter killed. Promise me you'll be so gentle with her.”
Lynn assured him his girl would be fine, and the old man nodded, reaching into his back pocket for something. Lynn tightened her arm around my neck in excitement. The old man pulled out a ball of hundred dollar bills. My one good eye almost popped out of my mouth.
For a second, I almost believed her little lie.
I was an exorcist that day.


I need a break from writing Ghost City. That stupid-ass biography is wasting my time. There's no one to read it. Here I am in a ghost city. I'm alone in the world, and I'm writing a book. Why? Why am I doing that? 
Therapy.
Every now and then I catch myself talking to...myself. I'm even doing it now. It scares me. Maybe if I write all my thoughts down...maybe I can get normal. Makes sense enough. I think?
Funny thing about writing a book....
I'm starting to feel scared.
I hope it's not too short or too long. A novella is perfect. Not overdone like a novel, but also not underwhelming like a short story. Novellas are perfect. I think I'm enjoying this whole writing thing. I may do more – audience or no. Just for my own entertainment. Who knows? Maybe one day someone will find my books – and enjoy them! I like that idea: Of pleasing someone. It's already working. Writing is allowing me to learn more about myself. I should keep my books safe. Put them on a shelf in Ziploc bags. Maybe put them in a freezer, or maybe I should bury them? Yes! I'll do something to preserve my books, starting with this one. Ghost City. I never thought about it before, but that title makes more sense now. Ghost City. I don't wanna get geeky on you, but I think you can figure out what it means. What it really means.
I'm so afraid of this book being boring. I need to add more adventure into it. And more heart! Yes, that's the ticket. I should tell people about the time I saved a young kid – a girl. That was a tough one to go through. I buried it deep in my brain a long time ago, but maybe it's time to dig her up again. I need to face it for good. Get it out of my system. Take this thorn out of my mind. Own that sad period of my life.
Who knows.
Maybe I'll be stronger for it.
Shells. That was that little girl's name.
I wonder if she's in Heaven.
Maybe I should kidnap one of these ghosts and ask.

 
The old Japanese man was named Jichard, and he lived in Kaimuki. We got out of his car. The neighborhood was a quiet one – except for this ongoing scream. I assumed it was his daughter. He took us into his house, and the place was a mess. Furniture had been thrown through windows, tables were sticking out from the walls, and a big hole was in the ceiling. He said his daughter's room was through there – right above us. I saw someone poke their head through the hole. The little girl was staring right at us, so surprised! She must've been just seven.
She spat and growled at us and called us terrible things.
A part of me died inside.
That demon in her was turning her into a real beast. The father looked at us and begged for our forgiveness.
“Please,” he said, “it's not her fault.”
“I know,” I said. “How do you think this happened? Was your daughter playing with a Ouija board or trying to read tea leaves in a bowl?”
He said, “No.”
One day he came home, and she was just all messed up, drawing dicks on the walls and crawling on the walls like a spider and spitting on his head from above. I looked around and saw the dicks on the walls. They were all flaccid. The father began to cry. I felt sorry for him. I always wanted a daughter. I always saw myself as the sort of dad you'd find sitting in the dark with a shotgun on his lap, just to scare the boyfriend when he came over for the first time. But that's just me.
The little girl was named Sheala.
She was still looking down at us from that hole. She began to throw socks at us. They were stained. I said I had enough and ran up the stairs to confront the demon. Lynn grabbed my arm and told me to relax. If I were to beat this demon, I had to be in control of my emotions and think clearly. Demons were tricky, she said. I had to be cool. Stop and think about my moves. I agreed, nodding for a long time with my eyes closed, taking in deep breaths, and then I continued up the stairs...calm and collected.
Jichard walked up to Sheala's bedroom door.
He told us to be careful. That once this door opened, and we walked in, Sheala would start spitting again. I said we could handle it...and he opened the door...and we crept in.
Jichard was right.
Sheala began spitting like a machine gun, even making the sounds. We just stood there with our mouths and eyes zipped. Her spit was freezing cold, then hot, then cold again, then normal. She continued spitting. This went on for approximately five minutes on the second. Sheala said she was done, and we opened our eyes and mouths.
Sheala – or Shells, as her father called her – was on her bed, slithering around like a snake. It was like she had no bones. It was disturbing and sensational at the same time. I asked Lynn if she brought tools to handle this situation. She didn't know what the heck I was talking about. I had to use my wits to win this fight.
“What is your name, demon?”
“Shoehorn,” it said. “And I come from Hell! Blahhhhhhhh!”
The thing stuck its tongue out as it said that last part. I, surprisingly, wasn't disgusted.
I asked it politely to leave the little girl's precious body, but the demon just laughed and farted in my general direction. NOW I was disgusted. I wanted to strangle that demon out. How dare it just come on in here and torment Shells? I was filled with a sudden rage, the likes I had never felt before. I kept thinking about how this demon wasn't paying for rent, how it could just stay in that place and not PAY. It was a slap in the face for the rest of us rent-paying humans.
I grabbed a wooden chair and threw it at Shoehorn, hitting it right in the face. The little girl cried and called for her daddy. Jichard ran up and put me in a headlock. Lynn protested and jumped on his back – on him like white on rice. I then had TWO people on my back. I spun around and backed up into walls to get them off. It was only when I fell back into a dresser that they let go. We all hit the floor, which was covered in a thick layer of clear spit. It felt like I was on jello. Jichard rolled around in pain and fell through the hole. We heard a giant crash and crawled to the hole to see the news. We saw another hole. Jichard had fallen into the basement. He sat in a washing machine that was in the middle of a wash cycle, unconscious and spinning around. His head was tilted back with his mouth open. Shoehorn looked over my shoulder and spat into Jichard's mouth. Disgusted all over again, I punched the demon in the face and sent that beast flying back onto the bed. Shoehorn bounced up and down. Laughing!
I began laughing, too, just to prove that I was not afraid.
Lynn joined in, but her laugh was different. Unhappy.
Shoehorn laughed louder, trying to win. I picked up a wooden desk and made to throw it, but it just made that demon laugh faster. Its eyes were burning with power and humor. Those eyes. Those giggling eyes. They sent shivers up my front. I was losing it! I had to get a grip! I yelled out as loud as I could – the demon put its hands over its ears – and I threw the chair at Shoehorn. I got the monster right in the face. And then I jumped on it, strangling it, wrestling with it, putting it in headlocks and many wrestling holds, like the Camel Clutch, the Reverse Chin-lock, the Cobra Clutch, the Mandible Claw, and of course, the Bite of The Dragon.
Shoehorn tapped out and promised to never enter this child – or any child – again. I had won the fight. The demon flew out from the girl's eyes, and she was all normal again. I let go of her. She asked for her dad, and I explained that he was washing clothes and would be with her in a minute. Tucking the little girl into bed, Lynn and I ran down to the basement and tried to wake Jichard up from his mighty slumber. I prayed that the fall hadn't killed him. I was lucky that night. The man woke up and cried. He had a dream about his daughter, that she was dead. We assured him that in fact the opposite was true. We took him up to his daughter's room as proof of her being cured of the demon. He went over and kissed her on the cheek, whispered something into her ear. The cops were on their way.
He shoved his hand down his crotch and gave us a bunch of money, even some quarters.
To celebrate, I treated Lynn to a night out on the town.
We went to every single taco place in Honolulu.
Then we went home to shower off all that spit.
It was good night.


When I woke up, I gathered everyone together – all those hippies – and showed them all the money I made from my exorcism job. They all drooled over the money. It was rent money, I explained. It would hold us off for a little while. In the mean time, everyone needed to get jobs to help out. The hippies all went, “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” and went back sleeping on the floor and doing yoga and singing songs and stringing flowers together to make leis.
There was a knock on the door. As I went to answer it, a hippie said that SHE was going to go work as a waitress somewhere in Waikiki. I was impressed. I told her how happy it made me feel to hear her finding work, and we smiled at each other. Sadly, a week later, she would be hit by a truck transporting pigs. It was one of the few times I cried in that month.
I opened the door and was greeted by a fat woman in a red dress. She was holding a briefcase. The first thing she said was, “There are five hundred dollars in here.” But it wasn't a zombie hunting job. It was another exorcism. My first instinct was to not do it. It wasn't my expertise. The fat woman, whose name was Tish, begged me to do it. She was a friend of Jichard. He told her all about my healing his daughter, Shells. Tish trusted me. She didn't want to go to all those other exorcists. They charged too much, and, according to people she chatted with, these exorcists made a mess. In one instance, a whole boat blew up. The exorcist in charge said, “I didn't do it! Blame the demon!” There was no responsibility. People with demon possession problems were desperate, in need of help – they needed someone trustworthy.
Word was spreading fast about me.
Still, I didn't want to do it. I wasn't THAT experienced. I didn't want to let anyone down, especially well-meaning folks. Better I direct them to someone better. A better exorcist that knew what the Hell they were doing. Maybe they should talk to their local priest?
And then I thought of something: My zombie business was just picking up, but the demon thing was already in high demand. For now, I could use this exorcism money to move out – move out into my own place. I liked that idea. I'd make enough money to leave these hippies behind. I'd just have to play this exorcist game for a little while, and I'd have Lynn move in with me, of course.
Before I left, I put the money in an envelope and gave it to the landlord. I didn't trust those hippies in paying the rent. I had an image of them running off with the money and buying marijuana or hashish or opium or potatoes or whatever it was hippies got off on.
As we got into Tish's white van and made our way to her apartment somewhere in Makaha, somewhere near the beach, I thought about Lynn. She was working. I didn't tell her about the job I was heading to. Didn't call her cell. Didn't want her to worry.
Tish lived on the 50th floor of an apartment building called The Queen Ka. A storm cloud was above the ocean. The waves were violent. In the elevator, I wondered if I could come up with something to say to Tish. She didn't say anything through the whole ride over. She made me feel weird, like I was doing something wrong. To help ease my nerves, I just kept thinking about being paid. I just wanted to get this whole thing over with. As we walked to her apartment – down that dirty, red carpet – I could hear strange things all around me – odd sounds coming out from those other apartments. We walked past an open door. In those two seconds, I saw a skinny Chinese man in an bloody apron, cutting the head off a chicken with a loud THWACK! The head bounced on the floor, still alive and bouncing, those eyes rolling around like cartoon eyes, mouth gasping, tongue shooting in and out. Then, out of another apartment (this one a closed door), a baby was crying – wailing! Like it was being murdered, like it was being shook to high heaven. For a second, I thought THAT was Tish's apartment, but no, I was wrong.
Tish stopped and looked in her purse for her keys.
“I wanna move out of this dopey place,” she said, already crying. “My big day will come. See?” She showed me a napkin. Someone scribbled a few lines on it. It looked like a smiling snake. “See?” she said again. “I'm an artist!” Only she said it like, Ar-tee-sT! She searched through her bag again and found her keys. “When I'm rich and famous, I'm moving out of here. I'm moving to Arizona. Land of the free. Land of heroes. Land of ar-tee-sts!”
I had no idea what she was talking about, but I didn't dare to say anything offensive – OR encouraging. Let's just get this over with, I thought over and over again.
Standing outside of her apartment door, watching as she fumbled and dropped her keys, I could already hear her possessed son, Coons. He must have sniffed me out. He began pounding on the door, saying the most disgusting things.
“I can sniff your holes!” He sounded like he was begging. “I can feel your mouth against mine....” His voice was demonic, like a hyaena’s mating call gone terribly wrong, mixed in with too much hard liquor and cigarettes and screaming and the gargling of exotic baby oils.
He threatened his mother – promising to rip her tongue out and replace it with his little prick. The image was startling. There was no logic to it. Nonetheless, Tish began crying.
“I blame this place,” she said. “This is no place to have your son suck the milk from your breast.”
I understood completely.
Coons kicked at the door and continued his F-bombs and sexy talk. People were opening their doors and looking at us. I was embarrassed. Did these people think I was saying those terrible things???
“Nothing to see here, folks,” I assured them. “Please, go back to your homes and fine dining. Everything is under control.”
The Chinese man holding the chicken head nodded and went back into his home. I could hear him chopping off more chicken heads. A baby in the nude ran through my legs and kept going. The damn thing was laughing. A cat was chasing after it – a cat with a saddle on its back. This place was, indeed, disturbing and dirty. Coons pissed on the door. I know this because a stink, yellow liquid pooled around my sneakers. The urine was steaming. I put my hands to my mouth and coughed. Tish growled. “Oh, please, God,” she begged. “Not again.” Her face exploded. “Son! You promised!”
Coons laughed like a banshee: Loud and crazy-like.
He then continued his rant by calling my mother a whore and my dad an asshole.
“Your mother's a whore and your dad's an asshole!” the demon spat.
I had enough of his foul mouth. I pushed Tish aside and kicked the door in. The whole thing gave way and fell on Coons. I jumped on the door, demanding that the demon leave the boy. Tish then pushed ME aside. She flipped the door off her boy and cradled him in her arms. Jesus, she breastfed him right in front of me. I put my hands to my mouth and coughed. She accused me of being too harsh on him.
“Tender love and care was part of the deal!” she said.
Before I could come up with something witty, Coons clamped his big mouth onto Tish's hair. He gave a big yank and took her whole scalp off, leaving behind a red, bald mess. Tish touched her head. She was looking at me, looking so surprised, looking like she wanted to cry – lips trembling. I kicked her away, right when Coons was going to stab her in the back with a knife! 
I punched the kid on the ear. He went down, cursing, wiggling around, throwing a tantrum. The demon said terrible things about my father again. It knew my history. It went through my whole life in a super sped-up voice. That demon was familiar.
Shoehorn!
It was the same one that possessed Shells, Jichard's girl. The demon remembered me, too. It said that it had big plans for Shells, that it was going to possess her again and turn her into a real whore. I slapped Shoehorn, and the boy inside cried. Shoehorn told itself to shut up or else it would hurt its body by jumping out the window.
“Quiet, you!” the demon said. It began punching itself in the face. “I'm gonna kill you, boy, if you don't behave and stop that weeping! It's a turn off!”
The boy wouldn't stop crying, so Shoehorn said that was it. He was gonna end it all and jump out the window.
Hearing this, Tish screamed, “Noooo!” and jumped on her son/demon. Shoehorn tried like all hell to get her off his back. It was a weird sight: This large woman being tossed around by a little boy.
Shoehorn growled and flung the woman against a table, onto the briefcase. It flew through the air and opened and rained money. I went into the kitchen and grabbed a knife and ran toward the monster.
“You toad!” Shoehorn whined. “You've interrupted my business for the last time!”
I made to throw the knife and say something intelligent. The demon shrugged...and jumped through the window.
Tish screeched and jumped after him. She went screaming; the demon laughing.
They both landed on the rocks below, bodies swallowed by the waves.
The storm was in full swing then, whistling through the broken window. I had to work fast and get the money before it was all blown away. The police wouldn't like this. It was only when I was in the lobby that the reality of the situation grasped me one hundred percent. I felt like fleeing the scene, but at the same time, I didn't know where to go. Miles from home. I didn't have a car. Should I wait at the bus stop? Would that be wise??? I was stiff all over. I wanted to swim away. Problem: I didn't know how to swim. Well...it was time to learn...or die trying. I began running toward the beach.
A black van with a golden cross stopped in front of me.
Large priests got out and grabbed at me and threw me in.
The door slid shut.
Next thing I knew, we were zooming away.


The priests wore shades. I could see guns underneath their jackets. A man, dressed like the Pope, leaned forward from out the darkness, smoking a cigar.
“My boy, how old are you?”
“I...”
“Silence! You look young – TOO young to be doing this kind of work. We've been keeping an eye on you. Our holy psychic has told us much about you, yesss, ha ha ha. That you're strong, yes. That you can do great things. That you can learn new skills rather quickly. But they also tell me that you give up easy when things don't go your way. Take my advice, kid: Stay with the exorcism business. You can make us all happy!” He laughed, and then all the priests laughed. One giggled. The Pope sliced through the air with his hand.
“Shut up!” he said. “NO laughing in my van unless I say so.”
“Duhhh, sorry, boss,” the thugs went.
The Pope fed them animal cookies. And then I noticed something: A woman was sitting in the dark with wires connected to her head. Her eyes were wide, staring at me. Her lips moved, but no sound came out. A doctor was near her with his ear close to her mouth, taking down notes and nodding.
“Ahh, yesss,” he said. “Yes, that makes sense.” (Writes in his notebook.)
The Pope leaned in and put his hand on mine. He was wet. He was gentle. He explained that he was going to help me – that they protected their own kind. With this man's help, no police officer – at least on the island of Oahu – could lay a finger on me. I would be protected by God. The big man himself.
All it took was 90% of the money I made doing exorcisms.
I couldn't argue. For one thing, I was involved in their Godly affairs; and the other thing was...well...they had guns. Holy guns, I imagined. So I agreed. I just nodded my head. I didn't say anything through the whole ride home (and how they knew where I lived, I didn't ask that, either).
The Pope stuck out one of those little rattan plates you see in church for “donations”. I put a stack of bills on it. The Pope smiled. He counted the money, flipping through it, eyes focused. He demanded that we all hold hands and pray, and then I was dropped off. I stood there in the rain – not sure if I was paralyzed from shock or super anger.
How was I going to explain this to Lynn? Should she even know about it?
Yes.
If I wanted her to be my girl, she deserved to know.


When I told her about what happened, she hugged me and kissed me and told me everything was going to be okay.
We made love that night.
My first time.
How was it?
How to put it....We've all seen our share of “mature, sexual education” films. They're pretty arousing and satisfying. But believe you-me...nothing beats the real thing. Long story short, it was the best night of my life. I could tell that she was experienced. She asked if it bothered me that she had been with 87 guys. I told her I didn't care. I told her that I loved her. She could do no wrong. She couldn't believe I said that, but it was true. I was hooked on her. I was hooked on the present.
The hippies weren't anywhere to be seen. I asked about them, and Lynn told me that they were on the roof, singing and dancing and worshiping their moon god, Lipportoy. She showed me a picture one of the hippies drew of the god. It was a goat with the body of a giraffe. It was playing the banjo and was all smiles. The picture looked like a kindergartener drew it with crayons. I told her I was concerned about that Pope and his van of God. Lynn told me to worry.
She heard of him before – these gangster priests. The first time she saw them was when she was a little girl. A long time ago, while attending mass and everyone was singing with their hands waving in the air, some kid ran in front of the priest. People thought she was dancing, doing the Robot. They even started clapping. But they were wrong. The little girl wasn't expressing her love of Jesus through street dance....She was possessed by a demon. The priest ran up and drove the demon out – some fat demon in the shape of an elephant with horns. The parents of the little girl were very grateful and immediately threw money at the priest. His alter boys jumped around, catching the money in fishing nets. All were merry; all clapped and sang, praising Jesus and Mary and Paul and Moses. At the end of the religious ritual, while everyone hugged and gossiped about how awful so-and-so's dress was, Lynn went to the back of the church and saw the priest hand a bunch of money to someone sticking a small rattan plate out of a van.
This happened all through her kid years.
However....
One Sunday, the priest expelled a demon out of an old woman. When people began throwing money at him, he snatched it all up, kicked away the alter boys and stole their fishing nets and ran off.
“I remember he was crying,” Lynn told me. “Everyone ran after him – ran outside. He was running down the hill. The van was after him. It honked at him. The passenger-side window rolled down, and that same hand stuck out, holding that donation plate. But the priest didn't stop running. He was shoving money into his mouth. He just kept running, heading for the woods, heading for freedom! So the van ran over him. It was the first time I ever saw someone fly up into a tree...dead. Dear Jesus...it was horrifying. His long tongue dangled out of his mouth.”
Lynn cried in my arms.
She said that the whole thing traumatized her for a month. She became paranoid – too afraid to leave her house – her bedroom. Whenever her parents tried to drag her outside to get some sun, she'd cry out and threaten to call the cops – threatened to defecate on the lawn and stink the place up – threatened to jump into the pool and drown herself – threatened to run down the neighborhood in the nude and rant about Bigfoot. Her parents didn't want that kind of attention, so, after much thought, they gave up. Lynn said that later on, she learned that the priest the church gangsters ran over had money troubles. He couldn't afford to pay for his mother's medical bills. The priest tried working as a science teacher at Fern Elementary School, but he got into a fist fight with the principal over the theory of evolution and was fired. After that, he applied to be a bus driver. Things were going good for a while; but again, he got into a fight – this time with another bus driver. Apparently, people don't take too kindly to someone running off at the mouth about how dinosaurs are in the Bible.
He then got drunk one night and sneaked into the hospital and killed his mother – put a pillow over her face and did her in quietly. The next morning was the Sunday he took the chance of a lifetime and ran out with all that money and was run over.
Lynn rolled over and put her palms on my face. She was sweating...nervous...shaking.
I had to stop being an exorcist, she said. It was too dangerous. I had to forget about the money. There were many zombie hunting jobs out there. I just had to look. I just had to promote myself, put myself out there. She'd help. She'd be my publicist. That was fine by me. Good to have heard it, really. I never had much of an ego. I was a shy kid. A private kid.
A little later, and Lynn was asleep against my boney chest, drooling.
I began to wonder.
Was she messed up in the head? Was she stable?
Did the sex come too soon?
Did I make a mistake?


I had a dream that I was living in Old Hawaii...seemed like the 1800's. I lived in a hut, a single dad with a little girl. She seemed familiar. It was Shells. The scene changed, and I was fishing with a huge, green mountain behind me. I was squinting from the sun. My face was tanned and looked like leather. The water glittered – reflection dancing across my face.
Then I was sucked through a black hole – I was flying through time....
Bedroom.
Shells was being attacked by Shoehorn. Shells was screaming my name, begging for help.
“I'm sorry,” I said in my sleep.
The demon chased the little girl around her room, throwing shoes on fire at her. Shells ran into my arms and looked into my eyes.
“My dad is too afraid to stop that demon,” she said. “Help me, Boss, please!”
Shoehorn ran up and stole the little girl from my arms. It laughed at me.
“She's mine now!” it giggled. “Your daughter is mine!”
I just stood there. I couldn't move. “My daughter?”
Shells screamed.
“Help me...DADDY!”

 
It was 10 at night, and I woke up with a sock in my mouth.
Lynn was still asleep, kicking me as she dreamed about evil clergymen trying to do nasty things to her. I know this, because she yelled in her sleep. She was giving a whole speech. I eased out of bed, put my clothes on, and went outside.
On the cab ride over to Shells's home, I thought back to what that Shoehorn said. I had to warn Shells. Make sure she was okay. As the cab zipped between lanes, I stared out at the passing skyscrapers. I examined the many knives I brought along. I could feel the driver staring at me through his rear view mirror, frowning, displeased. I had small knives, nothing too heavy. Just things easy enough to throw or ram into a demon's eyes. I also had a small thing of holy water and a small cross.
The cab dropped me off, I paid for my ride, and I stood outside Shells's house. Crazy lights came out from the windows. It was like a mad disco inside. I took out a knife and ran to the front door. It was locked, so I kicked it down. I yelled for Jichard, but, of course, got no response. I ran to the living room. The hole that he made when he fell was covered with cement and topped with a large house made of playing cards. I heard a scream upstairs. It was Jichard.
“Hellllllllp!” he went. “Somebodyyyyy!”
I looked behind me, hearing chatter. People were outside, staring up at the windows, many of them in their nightgowns and robes. Expecting the cops soon, I rushed upstairs. I had to hurry. If Jichard was dead, the cops would take Shells, and I'd lose track of her for good...never see her again. Shells's bedroom door was closed. I pounded and kicked at it. Again, Jichard screamed and hollered. Something hit the door, and it fell on me. I kicked it aside and got to my feet. Someone moaned. I turned around and saw Jichard on the ground – nothing but a torso. He brought his head up and looked at me...smiled...then looked down at himself. He vomited and cried.
“Look at what that demon did to me!” he said.
I took a step forward with my hand out. I was forcing myself to move – to do something to help this man. Jichard reached out to me, and then his eyes rolled over into his brain, and he died. He died with his intestines steaming and flopping around like headless, confused worms. I ran into Shells's room and saw her floating in the air. She looked confused, post-weeping. Shoehorn was above her, sitting on a cloud, controlling her like a puppet.
“I knew you'd come!” the demon laughed.
Shells looked at me, and it was like she was staring at a stranger. I got out my knife and ran to her and jumped up and cut the strings. Shells fell to the ground and crawled to me and hugged my leg. I stared up at the demon.
“You pest,” Shoehorn said to me. “I'll swallow your face!”
Shoehorn flung its head back and growled. His cloud turned black and was replaced by a raging fire. I backed up and put my hand on Shells's head.
“Go downstairs, kid. Things are about to get real nasty.”
She looked up at me.
“Who are you?”
“Someone who's gonna save your butt,” I said. “Now scram!”
She nodded and ran off. I wondered what she thought of her dead dad. Shoehorn grew larger. It was sucking in the flames it sat on. Shoehorn scared the living piss out of me, but, for some odd reason, I didn't run away. I was consumed by this “it's now or never!” feeling. Shoehorn was transforming. The demon looked to have been seven feet. Shoehorn was topless with a birdcage in its stomach. Inside was a tiny demon that screamed weird things I didn't understand. I think it was speaking Spanish. Shoehorn took a thunderous step toward me. The house shook, and I fell back on my ass. I felt like a fool. Shoehorn raised its arms up and made to pound on me. Police sirens outside got Shoehorn's attention. It looked over its shoulder, then looked down at me. Shoehorn grinned.
“Aww, shucks,” it said. “More pests.” Shoehorn raised a finger. “One moment.”
Shoehorn flew through the damn roof. I ran to the window. People were screaming, scattering like puppies. There were five police cars. Shoehorn landed on one and blew it up. Hot pieces of metal and glass took a cop's head off. Shoehorn jumped on the other officers. They exploded like sacks of tomato sauce. Shoehorn ran after a neighbor – some old woman – and began eating her hands. I threw a knife at Shoehorn and struck the back of its head. Shoehorn let out a whimper and reached back and pulled the blade free. Blood shot out like a fountain pen. The demon looked up at me and threw it back. I ducked and it hit the wall, right into the face of a pretty boy on a poster. The handless old woman kicked Shoehorn between the legs. It cried out in pain. I threw the knife again, this time getting Shoehorn right between the eyes.
First thought: Get Shells and run away!
So I did.
I ran downstairs and called out for her.
She was gone.
The front door exploded into a million pieces – just turned into powder, really. I hit the ground with my hands over my head. Shoehorn walked through the cloud of fine debris. It growled, knife wiggling in its face. The police lights behind Shoehorn made me dizzy, but I still got up. I reached behind me and got my last knives, holding one in each hand. Shoehorn nodded in approval and ran to me. Its horns tore the ceiling apart. I heard a click behind me.
“Get down!” Shells said.
I did and heard a BOOM!
The top of Shoehorn's head came clean off, leaving a jaw that was like a nest for that wiggling tongue that reached for the sky. Shells dropped her shotgun and threw her hands over her mouth, crying in a crazy way and shaking her head. She was muttering something about devils and the Bible. The beast gurgled its innards and fell on its back, legs twitching. The little demon in the center of its belly ran a sword in its stomach, committing that old samurai suicide. I jumped on the big demon and poured holy water down its open neck. Fire shot out and almost burnt my eyebrows off. I kissed my cross and yelled out, “ARRGHH!” shoving the thing down the neck and pushing down as far as I could go. Shoehorn exploded, sending me flying into the kitchen. I hit the refrigerator. It opened up, and then I was covered in milk and eggs. Shells was slapping the mess off me. She kept saying, “I'm sorry! I'm sorry!”
Lynn got me up and started yelling in my face.
“Why didn't you tell me!” she said, shaking me by the shoulders. “Don't you trust me? You idiot!”
Shells was yelling at her to stop.
The room began spinning, and I fell down.
They picked me up and got me out of that kitchen. I looked at Lynn. It was hard to talk. My tongue felt like iron. “How did you find me?”
“You scream in your sleep,” she said. “I had to stuff a sock in your mouth. I had no choice.”
I shrugged. “It's fair.”
Shells told us to wait a bit. She ran to a statue of a large cat, turned the knob on its belly, opened it, and took out a bunch of money, stuffing them in my pocket.
Police cars were in the distance, driving up to the house. The top of that demon's head was on the ground, eyes looking up at me, all upset. The thing grew spider legs and tried to make a run for the couch. I tried stepping on the disturbing sight, but it was Shells that got the win. She twisted her foot down on it. The thing made a nice popping sound – like she was stepping on one of those plastic bubble sheets you find in packages. Then the half-head burst into flames...and we were out of there. 


Dreaming again....
I'm on a boat....I'm all alone on this big boat....I know that everyone jumped off and left long ago....I stayed behind....I hate being alone....I hate being alone....White birds fly all around me....Zombies standing on the ocean....Looking up into the sky....White birds fly out from the top of their heads....
No bird flies out from mine....
Tremendous feeling of loneliness....
I want this boat to take me home....
Where is this thing taking me???


I woke up in the backseat of a car. Shells was asleep with her head on my shoulder. As I feared, she was drooling. Lynn was in the passenger's seat, chatting with the driver. The man had a mustache and a deep Russian accent.
“I can't have the cops on me...” he said, “...not again.”
Lynn cleared her throat, and I got the impression she had been crying while I was out cold.
“Thanks for helping us, Slovoth,” she said. “I owe you one.”
“Damn right you do,” the Russian said. “I have more jobs for you, so don't go running off and disappearing again. Remember, I saved your butts back there. If it wasn't for me, you guys would be in jail; I guaran-damn-tee it! You allll own me one. Ha ha ha!”
I knew right then that I hated this guy.
He stopped at a light and looked back at me.
“You hear me, friend? You owe me one.”
I smiled.
“Yes, sir, I sure do.”
The man sucked his teeth and drove on.
“Damn straight,” he said, lighting a cigarette.
Lynn coughed.
“You're gonna get lung cancer smoking too much of those.”
He stepped on the gas.
“And you're gonna get skin cancer getting too much sun. Anymore brain busters? Bwa ha ha!”
I held Shells close as she snored.
Through the whole ride back home, Lynn didn't look at me once.


The condo was empty.
A letter in the sink read:
Went to North Shore to live off land. Sensing negativity from you. Don't tell us what to do. We don't ever want to work. Bye forever. Love, Hippies.
I could imagine them all in a long line, all walking toward North Shore from Honolulu. They'd be singing their songs and holding hands, heads up to the clouds. People would think they were nuts, but they wouldn't care. I respected that. So be it. It was then me and Lynn and Shells. This just meant we'd have to work more to pay off the condo's berserk rent. That, or move. But I liked it there. It was a quiet, clean place. I'd work my ass to the ground to stay there.
Shells was in the kitchen, cooking us eggs. Lynn stood with me out in the balcony, staring out at all the hotels.
“I've got to tell you something,” she said. “That man was my boyfriend.”
“Was?”
“...Is.”
The news hit me right in the gut, but I didn't show any emotion. After all, I was a man, wasn't I? I wasn't allowed to show weakness, especially in affairs of the heart. Believe me, I wanted to cry. I was already seeing myself, after that conversation, running off into the bathroom and weeping in a hot shower. With my eyes forward, all I managed to say was, “Boyfriend?”
Lynn sounded scared.
“I was too afraid to break it off with him. You see, he's violent. Big and violent. I was too scared of what he might've done to you.” She hugged me. I didn't hug back. She hugged tighter. “I don't want to work for him.”
I looked at her.
“What exactly do you do for him?”
She looked away.
“Stuff.”
“Where do you work?”
“Waikiki. Please don't ask anymore questions,” she begged. “My job for him means nothing. My heart's not in it. I'm just doing it for our rent money, that's all. Trust me on this.”
“Whatever you want,” I said.
She raised an eyebrow. I could see the gears in her head turning.
“I have a plan,” she said. “You could kill him.” Something in the center of my chest said NO. But I let her talk. “See...” she went on, “...he has a lot of money, and I know where he keeps it all. We just have to go into his bedroom and dig open his bed. It's all in there. We'd be set for life – all three of us!”
She was smiling in an evil way, and the whole time, all I kept thinking was, What do you do for him? What is IT???
Lynn touched my cheek with the back of her hand.
“He deserves to die, babe. He's a monster, and you kill monsters. See where I'm driving at?”
“He's not a zombie, Lynn. We're talking about a living person.”
“So what? He's dead on the inside.”
“I can't kill a person.”
“What? Why??”
“I have a thing for going to Hell. I don't wanna go there.”
“Who's saying you're gonna go to Hell??”
She sounded very much surprised. I tried to make it as clear as possible to her, speaking slowly, clearly, enunciating.
“Didn't you ever read the Bible?”
Lynn folded her arms across her chest. She looked serious.
“So you're really not going to do it?”
I felt like throwing up.
“I can't do it,” I said. “Feel about what you're saying.”
She was already walking away.
Did I do something wrong? I thought. Do I have to prove my love by taking a man's life? The world makes no sense.
Shells called out to us.
The eggs and rice and Spam were done. Shells had already set the little table. I sat on one end, Lynn sat on the other, and Shells sat in the middle.
“Let us hold hands and pray,” she said.
I held her hand, then Lynn's hand. Our eyes met, and I could tell that she was pissed off. Her hand felt strange in mine. It felt wrong, and I wanted to let go. When Shells was done with her prayer, we all said, “Amen,” and ate our food. Lynn smiled at the child.
“Do you like it here with us?”
Shells smiled back, nodding with a mouth full of rice.
I wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Do you want to stay with us?” I asked.
She swallowed and said, “Yes! I'd love it.”
Hearing it made me smile. I could see that Lynn felt the same way, and this eased the tension between us a little. Shells played with her food.
“Do you think you guys are wanted for kidnapping?”
I struggled to say something. The news on the TV got my attention. We watched. People on the streets were shrieking and weeping and praying to Jesus. Demon-possessed people ran every which-way, terrorizing the elderly and stealing purses and automobiles and kicking yappy little dogs. The police were shooting at three, seven, nine feet tall, nude demons that rode on hell horses and hell pigs. The cops even used bazookas. It was impossible. The news anchor said, “This was the scene this morning in the rich portion of Aina Haina, which is all of Aina Haina. Police were useless in combating these so-called demons. An identified nun showed up and threw holy water onto the demons, effectively scaring them off. She vanished before police could question her. Eyewitnesses report that an unmarked van chased her away. Governor Jade Granator issued a statement on her Facebook, saying that these were not demons, but in fact crazy people that escaped from Borthport Mental Institution two days ago. Hawaii residents, however, are skeptical.”
I looked back at Shells. I tried smiling.
“Well...” I went, “...something tells me the authorities have their hands too full at the moment to bother with us. With a bit of luck, the police will blame everything on the demons. The neighbors saw everything.” I looked at Lynn. “Did anyone see you guys leave the scene?”
She thought.
“I didn't see anyone on the street. Everyone was probably hiding under their beds, totally freaked out.” She looked at Shells and said, “But just to be on the safe side, we should cut and color your hair. Are you okay with that?”
Shells stared at her plate.
“I don't care. Do what you want,” she said. “I want to erase my past. I want to start over. I want a new life.”
I ate my food.
“Do you want to hold a little ceremony for your dad? I can find a shoebox or something, and we can put something inside...some kind of item to represent him.”
“I HOPE HE'S BURNING IN HELL!” Shells said.
This blew our hair back.
Lynn leaned in.
“Why would you say such a terrible thing?”
Shells looked up at us. Her face was burning mad.
“That demon came because of him,” she said. “It's all his fault!”
I put my hands together into the shape of a steeple and held them against my lips. “Explain,” I said.
Shells looked at me for a long time, thinking of what to say...remembering...digging. Her mouth trembled. Lynn stood up and put her hands on the little girl's shoulders.
“Honey,” she said, “you don't have to say anything,” and then to me, “How dare you. She's just a little girl. Can't you see this is killing her?”
Shells waved her away.
“No, no. I want to. I want this all out of me. I'm exorcising my own demons.”
I was impressed. Tough girl, I thought. It was fantastic. Shells took in a deep breath.
“Dad...he was always going on about 'the angels'...about how they were always watching us, protecting us, helping us. He was always in that bathroom, chanting, lighting candles, casting spells to make us rich. He always came out smelling like wet dog. Strange thing was, we didn't even have a dog. It was always money with him. 'Don't worry, my daughter,' he used to say. 'I don't have to work today. The rent money will come. I have friends in high places.' His breath was weird – like bad garbage water. As opposed to good garbage water.
“I never brought my friends over because of him. I learned the hard way about that one. Last year, my pal Janice wanted to come over after school to use the bathroom right quick. After much thought, I told her fine, go right ahead. I knew I shouldn't have let her go up there. She saw my dad in the shower all naked with the water on super hot, steaming up the place. He begged her to try and understand his situation. He was trying to communicate with the angels, he said. Janice screamed and fell down the stairs and broke her face. Her parents wanted to take him to court, but I guess dad paid them off or something, 'cause that court thing never happened. I was never allowed to play with Janice again. And that was when my rage began.”
I squinted at her.
“I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. Did you say rage?”
“Yes,” she said. “I started getting these terrible headaches. Sometimes I just got so mad, I punched through walls and pulled out pipes. One morning, I found myself with a dead chicken in my hands. It was gutted, and I had feathers in my mouth. I have no idea what happened. Another time – I think it was a Monday – I woke up in the middle of the night with my hands inside a semi-dead cat. I asked my dad what happened, and he said that he made the mistake of 'igniting' my rage by insulting my taste in pop music. I have no memory of that fateful night. Sometimes, when I'm tired, my blinding rage makes me forget things. And sometimes I forget about things like physical pain, too. I remember one Sunday, at church, I got so mad at this woman that wouldn't stop crying over her dead son, I shoved my hand in her mouth and grabbed hold of her tongue. She bit down on me, but I didn't care. I felt nothing! It took three fat men to pull me off that woman. Even with my hands bleeding, I felt no pain. They wanted to throw me out on the street. My dad stood up for me, explaining to the church that it wasn't me doing all those nasty things. I was possessed by thee Devil, or at least maybe one of his cretins.” 
Lynn looked scared.
“Oh, my God,” she said, eyes watering. “Oh, sweet Jesus...you're so sweet.”
Shells nodded.
“One time, we went to the market, and I bit the head off a live chicken! I didn't know what I was thinking. I just did it. Almost like...like I was being controlled by some outside force. Yes. Yes, that's the ticket....And that was when Dad put his foot down. He was determined to help me. He called over a priest that threw holy water all over me. The rage boiled up in me again, and I jumped on that priest and urinated on him, out my mouth somehow. The priest was calm. Cool. Precious. Dad, he picked me up and took me out back and hosed me down with cold water. That usually made me all better. The priest said sorry, but he had to go home. It was understandable. I saw my dad at the kitchen table that night crying in his hands. Times were hard. I felt guilty; and so I started hating him more for making me feel such awful things.
“More and more priests came, throwing water on me, but nothing changed. I was still urinating. The priests were told to wear race car helmets when they came over. It was for their protection – to keep them clean and smelling real good. No one understood my pissing. I kept telling them I was an artist. Some people used fancy paints and pencils. I was original. You see, it all seemed so normal to me. I wasn't attacking people and disgracing their faces, I was just being artistic. I could never tell if it was me talking or Shoehorn. Very confusing. 
“Then one day, a nun came over, all dressed in white. Dad said she was special – that she came alll the way from Rome. The nun wasn't going to pour water or any liquid over me, and for that, I was grateful. At that point in my life, I was tied to the bed and very stink. The nun looked me over, wrote in her notebook, and told dad that I was a real mess. Only my father could save me. Only the other half of my soul could save me. The stronger side of my soul could save me. My soul mate. Dad said that he WAS my father. But the nun shook her head. Dad wasn't my true father. He might have been my physical father...but not my spiritual father.”
And with that said, Shells touched my hand, squeezing it.
“You are,” she said.
We were both crying.


Five minutes after Lynn went off to work, and Shells went off to bed, there was a knock at the door. I was about to head into the shower, so I had just a towel wrapped around my boney waist when I opened the door. I looked down to see a boy looking up at me.
“Can I help you, boy?” I asked.
He frowned.
“I'm no 'boy',” he said. “I'm a midget.”
My face turned red.
“Sorry,” I said, stepping aside. “Please...step into my office.”
He walked in with a brown bag. He had my flier in his other hand.
“My name is Kopit Kityur. I hear you hunt zombies,” he said. “I have a job for you.”
I was relieved to hear it. I didn't want anymore exorcism gigs. I wasn't good at it. Zombie hunting, that was something I was eager to do. Those jobs made me feel useful – and that was the point of living, no? Feeling useful?
The midget opened his bag and looked in. He seemed concerned. “I didn't know how much to pay you....”
I raised my hand.
“Don't worry. I take what you can give. Tell me more about your problem, Mr. Kopit.”
He nodded and turned around, talking to the window, to the Moon.
“I own a hostel in Waikiki called Mahalo House. Three days ago, I did my alcoholic cousin, Hanns, a favor and gave him a free room. That was a mistake. He over-drank, and I guess his liver exploded. But that wasn't all. As we know, Mr. Boss, Waikiki is flooded with prostitutes. They saunter around, shaking their tails for a few bucks, tempting good Catholics and Mormons and Protestants...and my cousin was no exception.” He shook his head, looking at his feet. “Dammit, Hanns....I always told you, just stay away from dem whores! Oh, noooo....” He turned to me. “Sniffing something awful, I ran up to his room. Blood ran out from under the door. I kicked the damn thing down and found Hanns on the floor, naked with a big, purple bruise on the side of his stomach. His eyes were open; and I knew he was DEAD.
“An equally naked woman was nearby, sitting on the couch. She had a beer in one hand and a needle in another – literally sticking out from the top of her hand, like someone stabbed her. A cigarette was in her mouth, and it had lit her whole head on fire. The flames were crazy, and I started to panic! I took off my shoes and started hitting her with them. Luckily, I was able to put the damn thing out before she burned the whole place down. Damn whores....I just don't understand them. The room was then filled with a strange sound, and I looked up and saw a mini, cloudy sky on the ceiling. It turned clockwise...made a popping sound. Things were in them – weird things...weird lights...weird moaning. I saw demon-faces. They flew out and went into Hanns and his prostitute. Their bodies twitched, like they had stuck their fingers in an outlet, and they stood up....They walked towards me, arms out, eyes red as gunshot wounds, tongues flapping in their mouths....They came right at me!”
The midget fell to his knees.
“It was horrible....” he said. “I ran out of there. This is bad for business, Mr. Boss. You can see that, can't you? Please....Help me.”
“Hmm,” I said. “Are they still in there?”
He thought for a second, standing up and dusting himself.
“I think so. YES. I remember now that I locked the door behind me.” He held my hand. “That hostel was handed down to me by my father. I loved him very much. He built his business during the 20's. He trusted me. I have to treat it well. I can't fail him.”
I walked him to the front door.
“I understand,” I said. “What's the address?”
He smiled and told me, reaching in his pocket for some keys.
Before I left, I woke Shells up and told her I had to go to work.
She said she understood...and for me to be careful.
I kissed her forehead.
Sweet kid.


Waikiki at night always made me feel dirty.
Here was a place spilling with drunken military people. They always seemed to be looking for fights. The streets were filled with slow-moving cars and cops and whores, and homosexuals that treated Waikiki like Halloween. Many arrests. You'd always hear a hip car go by – they'd always have a large speaker in the trunk. It was for attention, of course. The bass would send vibrations up and down your legs. At night, all the freaks come out to play. I walked with my head down, wondering how many of these people went to church. How many of them were God-fearing? How could they let themselves go? A very disrupting feeling in the air. Bad vibes. Uncertain frequencies. Anything could happen....And I hated that feeling. I needed control.
The bars spewed people – drunks. My ears were filled with a mix of all sorts of music: Country, R&B, Rock. My eardrums wanted to vomit.
A fight broke out in the middle of the street. White guys with military haircuts, dressed in bluejeans and polo shirts with the collars up, ran out from bars and formed a big circle. My heart raced. Big, muscular guys that meant business. Totally unpredictable personalities, capable of anything, afraid of nothing. Real men. I can't be seen. I forced my tiny body across the street to avoid that wild mess of screaming men & women and the thudding of fist on flesh. The crowd parted a bit, and I caught a glimpse of the combatants. A black army-man in full soldier attire, fighting with a Chinese biker-guy.
No one stopped them. I began to wonder, was this how it was in Waikiki during the 60's? 50's? 40's? Probably. Most definitely. Things never change, do they?
Where were the police? I imagined myself running in there – into that mob – and stopping the fight, telling everyone to go home. They'd respect me – be afraid of me, this little guy that meant business.
Crazy drunks. Crazy, bored tourists. To be honest, I feared those people more than the zombies.
Welcome to Waikiki.


I kept seeing these posters all over the place. They read, “Wanted! Have you seen this man?” There was a crude sketch of a man with an eye patch on them. Of ME. Apparently, I was wanted for kidnapping.
Goddamn.
I reached the hostel and walked up to the room the client told me about. Indeed, the smell was bad. My nose caved in. I took out the keys and opened the door. The place made me gag – turned my stomach. Those eggs were coming back up. I bit down on my hand to regain my control. It worked. I walked to the refrigerator and looked inside. I opened a soda and took a sip, soothing my innards.
No sight of the zombies.
The place was quiet.
But not quite.
There was a very soft sighing sound.
I walked to the bedrooms. The first one was filled with empty potato chip bags – hundreds of them, all littering the floor. Roaches saw me and froze. I walked to the next room...and saw the zombies. They were on the bed – sitting on the edge of the bed, eating something that looked like....
They were eating themselves.
The man was eating his own hand, and the woman....She was eating her own breast. The left one. I turned away for a second but then remembered I had a job to do. I reached back and pulled out my knives. The zombies were at me. They were faster than what I was accustomed to. They speed-walked! I couldn't believe it. I remembered Nora saying something about how zombies run sometimes, but I thought it was just a myth.
I went, “Yarrghh!” and fell back into the hallway, right through the wall, landing on my butt. I was in the bathroom, and my head had hit the toilet. Blood came out and covered my face. Those hyper zombies were at the hole in the wall, sniffing the air. My brain locked.
Now what???
I sat up, and the zombies were on me, holding me to the floor. I raised my knee and got the male in the genitals. He make a retching sound, and two bloody round things landed on my chest (I was lucky they didn't get all over my face). The female tore at my hair. I kicked the male away and grabbed the female's head and forced her face down the toilet, slamming the cover on her and pressing down hard – bashing her head over and over until I saw brain shoot out from her ears. She was still. The male growled and came at me again. I turned around and did a roundhouse kick and took its head off. It landed in the sink, looking around confused, mouth shaping vowels. The female came to and moved around. I took off the top toilet lid – damn thing was heavy – and slammed it over her head. She just blew up, and I made sure to shut my eyes and my mouth. I stumbled over to the bathroom sink. I washed her goo off my face. The zombie man's head was looking up at me. I picked it up by the hair and whacked it against the wall a few times until the skull cracked and green stuff came out. I had to jump back, not wanting that crap on my shoes.
I yelled, “Yaaa!” and threw the head down on the tiles, then grabbed that heavy toilet lid and dropped it on the head. It cracked in two, and the eyeballs came rolling out.
I stepped on them, and that was that.


After showering while trying to swat flies away from my face, I went outside and made my way to the nearest bus stop. I tore away as many of those dumb “Wanted!” signs as I could get my hands on, crumpling them up and tossing them behind bushes. I looked down at my feet and let my bangs cover my face when people walked by. One time, I heard a couple whispering to themselves, staring at me, pointing at me, so I sped up and turned a corner. I was having trouble breathing. My mind was betraying me: I kept getting visions of prison – hardcore prison, where they pass you around for cigarettes and do things to your body that make the baby Jesus cry.
I heard a woman arguing with someone.
Not being able to see too far, I squinted and slowly made my way toward her. It was a prostitute. She was trying to get out of a car. A real fancy one, too. The doors didn't open sideways, they went UP. It was a DeLorean, just like the one in Back To The Future. I was impressed and immediately jealous. The woman kept getting pulled back in. She screamed and whacked the guy – hitting him with her purse. She looked at me.
It was Lynn.
A look of shame crossed her face. Before she could say anything, the driver pulled her back in, and one of her high heels flew off and hit some woman in the eye. I ran to Lynn and grabbed her foot and pulled. The man inside was an older gentleman with white hair and a cigar in his mouth.
“Let go, you fool!” he yelled at me.
Lynn snarled at me.
“Get out of here, Boss!” she said. “Leave!”
That old man yanked on her hair.
“Gimme back my money!” he kept saying. “Gimme back my money, you useless whore!”
That old man began punching her in the face. I dove in with my elbow out – like a damn torpedo – and got him right in the nose. Blood shot out in clumps, and he slapped his hands over his face, crying like a baby, just, “Wah! Wah! Wahhhh!”
It was a little disturbing.
I took Lynn by the hand and dragged her away.
“Let go of me!” she said, hitting me with her purse. “You shouldn't be here, Boss! He'll see you!”
I was about to ask her a whole bunch of questions, when a beefy hand clamped down on my shoulder. My knees buckled, and I was on the ground, kissing concrete.
Slovoth had his other hand in Lynn's purse, digging around.
“Where's my money? I know it's in here, dammit,” he said.
Lynn was kicking him in the knees.
“Let go of him!”
He grabbed her face...and pushed hard. Lynn stumbled back about twenty feet, landed on her ass, and I heard something crack. She cried out. It was something I never heard before – a horrible sound of pain, like someone strangling a cat.
“My back....”
She said it soft, like it hurt too much to even speak up.
“My back, my back, my back. Jesus, my back....”
I took hold of Slovoth's fingers and bent them until they snapped. He shrieked like a fancy school girl and let me go. He brought his hand up to his face, holding his wrist, staring and drooling over his broken fingers. His hand reminded me of a swastika. I took him by the hair made his face meet my knee. He bounced back and did a cartwheel through the air, landing on a passing dog. The owner, he screamed and ran off, his dog whining behind him. At this point, a crowd had gathered, mainly military folk, men and women, black, white, Asian. They formed a circle around us. I jumped on Slovoth and bit him – sunk my teeth into his neck, his arms, his stomach, his nipples, and I tore away much flesh. All my anger just went into each bite, and I snarled and made wicked animal sounds as I worked. I felt alive! It felt right!
I helped Slovoth up by his broken fingers. He spat in my face. I punched him right between the eyes. My hand cracked a little, and the pain was like lightning shooting up my arm. The crowd cheered. They clapped and cheered for me, and it felt good.
Some of the people watching were looking at me all funny...like they somehow knew me. Many of them were on their phones. I heard police sirens in the distance. Slovoth just stood there on wobbly knees, head spinning, eyes to the stars – just standing there, covered in bite marks. Pieces of him – chunks of him – were all over the place, steaming, nerves twitching. I shoved my finger in my mouth and felt around, picking and spitting out whatever remained of Slovoth between my teeth. I pulled Lynn up and was about to walk away, when a van pulled up.
It opened, and the Pope reached out for my hand. His goons helped us in, and we drove off. I looked out the back window and saw that crowd running after us – cheering at us.
At me.


The walls of the van were covered in what appeared to be kid-drawings: There was one of a man conquering a tall demon and one of the same man fighting on the street. The man had an eye patch, and it didn't take me long to realize that it was me. That same woman I saw earlier – the one with the wires coming out of her head – was there, still sitting in the dark next to the doctor. A crayon was in her hand, and she was drawing something: Me in a giant van, surrounded by some people. She stared at me, and I was impressed how she could draw so well without looking down. Lynn had her head on my lap. She stared up at me. It was like I could read her mind.
Everything will be all right, she was saying. I won't let anything happen to you, she was saying. I love you. Boss, I hope you can hear me. Hear me, she was saying. Boss...I love you. I will always love you, no matter what happens.
I ran my fingers through her hair.
“I know,” I said. “I love you, too.”
She smiled.
A throat next to me grunted. That Pope held out his little offering plate.
“I think you know what I want,” he said, shaking the plate. I was drawing a blank. What was he talking about? The Pope seemed to understand. He smiled. “That little gig you did at that house – with the giant demon. Our holy psychic got the vision a little late, so we couldn't get there in time to collect. But now that we're finally all together....” He shook the plate again. A few coins were in it.
So I paid them their share. I figured it was fair. They DID just save us from the cops.
I reached back and took out my wallet. The Pope's eyes grew wiiiiiiiide in anticipation. He licked his lips. Before I could place the money on his rattan plate, the van JUMPED, and we all flew up into the air and hit the ground hard. The Pope's goons were moaning and massaging their limbs and their heads and grabbing at one another, helping one another. The van made a loud scream, took a tight right turn, and then...SPLASH. I just knew...I just knew we were in the Ala Wai Canal. Bad water. Bad sewage. A man died in that canal. After a fight, covered in bruises, he fell in and went to the hospital. His body pretty much swelled to a comedic state, and he blew the hell up. I just kept thinking, Don't fall in. The last thing you wanna do is open your mouth, eyes, or ass. All holes are doomed. All-holes-are-doomed.
The van was on its side.
Everyone was in a mad panic, stepping over themselves. I caught a glimpse of the Pope. His goons were running all over his head, crushing him. They had no idea what they were doing. One of them reached UP and pulled the side door open and climbed out – they all climbed out, thanking Jesus and kissing the air. The van began to sink – it rumbled. A black box labeled “Van Tools” slid next to my foot. I heard the goons outside screaming. It was a fight! I could hear meat being tenderized. I grabbed Lynn and pushed her UP through the van's side door.
“My back....” Lynn begged.
“Jump down,” I told her. “I'm right behind you.” I looked down and saw the holy psychic and her doctor. They just sat there, smiling at me, holding each other. I was about to say something, but the psychic seemed to already know, which makes sense.
“We're staying,” she said. “Our time has come.”
The doctor nodded.
“I've been praying for this glorious day!”
And then they embraced and kissed in a sloppy way, hands going into greasy areas. I believed they were turned on. So be it. Lynn jumped, and I heard a splash, followed by her screaming out in pain. I climbed up and looked around. A cool breeze slapped me in the face, and I got goosebumps. All these people were standing on their balconies, pointing at us – at this van in the stink canal – taking pictures – flash, flash, flash. Japanese tourists chattered in excitement, giggling with their hands over their mouths, nodding and going, “Oh! Sugoi! Sugoi!”
I looked down to the street.
Slovoth was beating the hell out of the goons with a big-ass wrench. The oafs were all on the ground, all on their faces, shivering in pools of their own filth, scalps dark and bloody. Slovoth was riding someone's back, sitting on them, hammering away at the back of their head. Slovoth looked exhausted, sounding like he had asthma. He heard Lynn moaning again as she tried to swim across the canal. He pointed his wrench at her and began screaming at her – screaming hateful things. A canoe filled with kids floated by the van. They were all on their cell phones, and I just kept thinking, Dammit. The cops!
Slovoth jumped in the water, and Lynn turned around, making her way back to the van. I went back down and opened the toolbox and took out a hammer. The holy psychic and the doctor were naked and doing normal things. They ignored me. I put the hammer between my teeth and reached up and climbed out. What I saw next shattered my insides. If this were the movies, the camera would've zoomed in fast on my face to showcase my horrified reaction.
Slovoth was strangling Lynn, forcing her head under the water. He cried while he worked.
I jumped down and swam toward them (amazing, because I didn't know how to swim).
Slovoth, blinded by his rage, by his strangling, didn't notice me come right up and swing that hammer upside his Russian head. I gave it all I had – ALL MY POWER – yelling out as I did so. Something flew out of his face, and I think it was an eyeball. I jumped on him and made a real mess of his face. Slovoth made a sound like a baby and splashed on the water, sinking, sinking.
I dragged Lynn to the street and gave her CPR, pumping her chest, doing all the things I saw people do in the movies. Tourists were on the sidewalks, staring. I yelled at them for help, but they just stood there, stupid. A legless woman on one of those motorized carts rode up.
“I just called the cops!” she was crying. “Oh, God!”
I said, “Thanks,” and held Lynn's head close to my ear.
Nothing.
I said her name over and over. She wasn't moving or anything. Her hands were cold...limbs lifeless. I did the thing where I checked for her pulse on her neck and wrist (both wrists), but I couldn't feel anything, couldn't feel a pulse. Was I even doing it right?? Her eyes were open, and that wasn't good. Police sirens again, getting close. I could see their lights. The itch to flee consumed me.
I didn't want to leave her side. I said something...whispered something.
Wish I could remember what that was.


When I went home, the place was swimming with cops. I hid in the bushes, shaking, scared. It was strange. All I wanted to do then was kill zombies. Just run away and kill as many zombies as possible. Nauseous. The police lights made me wanna throw up.
Two cops were holding a little girl's hands, walking her into a police car.
It was Shells.
She wasn't crying. In fact, she looked strong...confident.
I wanted to run over and steal her away, but my legs wouldn't work. I was too afraid. So I just stayed there, staring at her from behind those bushes, just looking, until – one by one – all those cops drove away and the sun started coming up from behind the ocean. Shells's car was the last to leave the scene.
She didn't even see me.


Figuring the condo would've been sealed off and all that jazz, I ran to the hills – ran and climbed back up to my old home: Todd's house in the woods. The place still held up pretty well. Water was still running, and my room was still in a good state. Cobwebs covered everything. I wiped them off my bed and went to sleep for a very long time. Some days I just stayed in bed, listening to the sounds of the woods – of birds singing and insects crawling next to my ear and various little animals doing whatever out by the window.
When got hungry, I went out and killed a rat or something and cooked and ate. When I got thirsty, I went down to the “drinking place” and drank. Todd had made this contraption that filtered rain water, turned it into the best damn drinking water ever. He was a bit paranoid about the government discovering his invention, so he hid it a little ways from the house. It was worth the walk; always gave me time to think.
And on those hikes up, I'd think about Lynn, think about Shells, Nora, and all those exorcisms I did. Sometimes, Slovoth would pop into my mind, and I'd get so angry, I'd punch a tree. The birds all up in them would cry out and fly away, and I'd always be saying sorry to them.


Days turned into months.
Months into years.
No zombies to be seen in those times up in the woods. At first I was crazy-lonely, but then, for some odd reason, I started getting used to it. I guess people just adjust. I never went down to town. I wanted nothing to do with them folks down there in the world. I don't know why. I just felt...embarrassed. Oh, and I was sure the cops were all looking for me.
Or were they?
Maybe they forgot about me.
Maybe they were too busy dealing with demons and gangster Popes.
One dark and stormy night, I heard a moaning outside my window. I sat up and came face-to-face with a woman! She had no eyes, and I realized she wasn't normal. She was a zombie – a member of the walking dead. She reached in – she was all slow – and tried to get me. I smiled and walked outside to greet her – walked out into the rain and thunder.
“Hi!” I said.
The woman had an arrow sticking out of her head. Reminded me of those joke hats you find in magic stores. Arms still in the window, digging around, she looked over her shoulder and groaned at me. Centipedes lived in her eye sockets. I walked closer...shy.
“Boy, so good to see another person up here. I've been so lonely, you have no idea. What's your name? Why is there an arrow through your head?”
The zombie walked towards me. I backed away.
“Don't you have anything to say?”
She groaned. One of her knees was busted. I picked up a stick and kept the zombie at a safe distance, poking her stomach.
“What happened to you? What did you do before you became dead? What's your story?”
The zombie opened her mouth, and water come out, then dark goo. And it was like I could read her mind. I can't explain it.
Kill me, was what she was thinking. Kill me now...pleeeeeeaaaasssse, she thought. Save me.
That last part struck a chord with me.
Save me.
I never thought of it that way before. So, nodding, I ran up, grabbed her head, and yanked it free. The shoulders went up and down, like she was dancing. The body wobbled and tripped over its feet and fell into a mud puddle. Very loud lightning then, I remember. Bright flashes from the clouds, tearing the sky in two. As for the head, I banged it against a rock a few times. That did the trick. It cracked open like a coconut.
I got a sense that something...something invisible...something important...flew out of her open skull...flew up and away into the flashing sky. Somehow, I felt I had done a great thing.
I had the damnedest time sleeping that night.
My head was conjuring ideas.
I had plans.


In the morning, I took off my clothes, wrapped a yellow towel around my waist and walked to the stream to get all washed up. I stuck my toe into the water, but before I could get in, I heard chatter. It was a whole group of Filipinos. They carried spears, bows and arrows, and signs that read, “Zombies, go home!” and, “Kill all Zombies!” A few of them Filipinos, lagging behind, pulled a large cage on wheels. Inside were dead zombies and zombie parts. A sign on the cage said, “Troublemakers”. It was written in Papyrus font, which graphic artists would argue to be the world's ugliest font, but I digress.
They all walked up to me, and I expected them to speak in broken English, but I was wrong. Their boss shook my hand.
“Good evening, my good man,” the Filipino said with his Canadian accent. “Seen any zombies around?”
I smiled.
“Sure did,” I said. “Matter of fact, I killed one recently. She had an arrow through her head.”
A man ran up to me and fell to his knees. He cried, hands together in prayer.
“That was my wife!”
I jumped back, ready to fight. The man crawled to me and held my hands – kissed my palms.
“Thank you for freeing her,” he wept. “Thank you, thank you!”
The boss nodded to me.
“You're a damn good man,” he said. “Most are too afraid to even get NEAR the walking dead, let alone massacre one.”
“It's no problem for me,” I said. “I'm a zombie hunter.”
Everyone whispered to one another. Their boss looked shocked.
“That is a delight!” he said. “Where have you been my whole life???”
“I've been living out here in the woodlands,” I says. “Been trying to get my life together; get my senses together.”
The boss seemed to understand.
“Ah, yes,” he said. “A little alone time is always good. Why, my life can get so noisy sometimes, I wish I could just pack up and skedaddle into a quiet land. You're a lucky one. I envy you.” He said that last part with squinty eyes.
I heard wheels squeak. The crowd parted, and a muscular man, shirtless, walked through. He was pulling a cart of dead people. A sign on it read, “Dead people”. People cried as the cart went through. The boss raised his hand, and the muscle man stopped and panted, hands on his knees. The boss walked over to the cart.
“These people were our friends.”
I looked into the cart. Their friends looked like they had been eaten. The boss sighed.
“They tried to fight against the zombies,” he said. “They didn't do so well. We're on our way to bury them somewhere. Not sure where yet. Maybe under a tree. Really, I have no idea. We keep finding bodies. It is a sad state of affairs.” He turned to me, and I knew what he was going to say, but I didn't stop him. “We could use someone like you,” he said. “Our forest village could use your help.”
I raised an eyebrow.
“Forest village?”
“Yes,” he said. “We live around back – on the other side of the mountain.”
“Hmm,” I went. “I didn't know anyone lived there. Is it a new village?”
“Been there for 3,000 years,” the boss said. “So, no. Not new.”
I thought about it for a bit, but agreed to help them.
Besides, I saw some fine ladies in his group.
They didn't smile at me, but whatever.
I'd prove myself later.


I spent a year there, in that forest village. It was called Triumphant Place. Population: 52. I didn't understand what the problem was with their women. Not one looked at me. It was like they were afraid. I once went to the grass shack of the village's resident psychic, and she said they could smell the stink on me. I asked, “What you mean 'stink'?” She said, “Yes, they smell your STINK. You STINK, boy. You stink bad. You did something very bad to a female.”
I was sitting at her wooden table, which was covered with creepy tarot cards.
She leaned back, looking like someone was aiming a dead kitten at her face.
“I can smell you even now. I know what they sniff.” She shot off another sour look.
I didn't fully understand what she was yakking on about.
“I don't fully understand what you're yakking on about,” I said. “I've never hurt a girl. I'm a nice guy, you stupid cow.”
Obviously, she was getting on my nerves.
She looked irritated.
“They smell your stink, boy! Don't you understand? You're cursed!”
“What??”
“Whoever you hurt, put some kind of mental stink-curse on you,” she said. And before I could interrupt and complain some more, she says, “Now get! You have insulted me a great deal. GET!”
She was a big, black woman, and she picked me off the ground and threw me out on my ass. Her grass door slammed shut. I walked away with my tail between my legs. The women pinched their noses as I passed by.
One woman dropped her groceries and started getting the shakes, sounding like a cat trying to cough up a hairball, and fell to the mud. I tried helping her to her feet, but she kicked me away – literally kicked me in the belly.
She ran off, and I was embarrassed. The elders sat on their wheelchairs, shaking their heads at me in disapproval. I climbed a tree and tried offering them mangos, but it didn't make them happier. They just started throwing them at me.
Goddamn.
At least work was good. Since the village was built on an ancient, Hawaiian-Filipino burial ground, zombies kept climbing up and pestering the villagers and neighboring villages. Many jobs came my way – all zombie hunting, and I made a good amount of money doing it. Soon...I had enough to buy my own condo. There was no going away party or anything like that, which made me kinda depressed...unloved. But the boss – whose real name I never learned – was sad to see me go. He gave me a big hug...and kissed me on the forehead.
And then I left.


I ended up buying that same old condo.
They repainted the walls, but it still pretty much felt the same. It felt like home. On that first night, I slept on the carpet and cried. I missed Nora. I missed Lynn. I even missed those lazy-ass hippies. And, of course, I cried for Shells. Was she happy with her new family? Were they treating her well? Maybe they lived nearby.
So I got up and decided to look for her.
All I did was walk around – walk around the city at night. Maybe I'd just bump into her. I didn't even know what she might've looked like. For all I knew, she probably grew up tall and married young. Maybe she joined a biker gang and shaved all her hairs off. I wouldn't even recognize her. But the walk did me good. It was good to get some cool, fresh air in my lungs. It was nice being in the city again; being under the Honolulu city lights.
I walked by a wall covered in concert fliers. There were also zombie hunting fliers – but not mine. Seemed like others were getting into the business. There was Jackson “The Killer” Ooperson, Percy “Stinging” Hurrowsy, Dina “Fisting” Costello, Roy “Face Master” Gastone...and others. I was happy to hear it. A little competition seemed like fun. Maybe I'd make a friend or two?
That female zombie – the one that wanted me to “save her” – popped into my mind. Maybe it was time to start up again.
Maybe it was time to make more zombie hunting fliers.


After a month of posting fliers, clients started calling me up, started knocking on my door. And business was good. At one point, I even eased down on the drinking – cutting down to just five beers a day. Things were looking up. Many of us were kept busy. There were many zombies to go around. Weird. It was a sudden burst of activity. The great 2000's zombie boom.
I stayed single.
I drank; I ate...I killed aka saved.
Had many adventures: Fights with zombie hunters, ghost hunters, exorcists, fights with choking ghosts. I call that time Doom Business, because it was around then that all these paranormal extermination businesses started popping up: Zombie hunters, troll hunters, ghost hunters, Japanese ghost hunters, Indian ghost hunters, on and on it went with these guys showing up. But that's all for another book.
And then that ghost portal showed up, and all hell broke loose....


CHAPTER THREE

THE BIG CLEAN UP

Every now and then, I'd find some alcohol in a building or rundown store.
Time to relax. I was in an abandoned office building, way up above the city. The sun tanned my face. I always went up there in the morning to drink Jack Daniel's – just eased in a dusty office chair, my feet up on a messy desk, staring out at the ocean, listening to the wind whistle through the busted window. I remember seeing a boat, way off in the distance. It was frozen in the classic 'sinking position', nose up and aimed at the clouds. It was surrounded by smaller boats, all empty and surely littered with corpses.
My eyes grew heavy. It was time for a short, drunken nap.
A scream.
It was a woman.
I knew that beautiful sound anywhere.
I jumped up, fell out of my chair, and crawled to the window and looked down at the street of overturned cars and trucks. A woman stood with her arms up. Three ghosts were flying all around her. But she wasn't screaming out of fear. She was happy. Laughing. The ghosts flew into her and took her soul away – carrying it up to the clouds, to the ghost portal. I ran outside and leaned next to her body.
She was dead, but she was smiling.
Drunk, I stood up and shook my fist at the ghosts.
“Take me!” I begged. “Come back, you bastards. Come back!” I fell to my knees.
“Save me....”
But those ghosts, they just laughed.


My first effort in killing myself was an epic fail. Laughable, even.
It was pretty standard. I went into the woods, flung a rope over a branch and tried to strangle myself. I remember looking up at the sky as I put that badly-made noose around my neck. “I'm gonna do it. Might as well come on down, you ghosts,” I said, voice shaking. “Dinner's ready. Come and get it!”
I jumped...and the branch snapped in two, and I rolled down that hill like a damn fool. Hurt myself pretty bad, too.
The second time, I tried swallowing 100 headache pills, but I just ended up vomiting all over my legs.
Third time, I tried jumping off a building, but I panicked. I was too scared. A strong wind kicked up, and I lost my balance. Jesus Christ! Did you see that?? I almost fell! I had to save myself by grabbing onto the side of that window – broken glass and all.
“You bastards....” I said to no one in particular. “You dirty, rotten bastards....”
After much thought, I was sure I was self-sabotaging my efforts in some unconscious way. I didn't wanna kill myself. And it wasn't just because I didn't have the guts (and I didn't), but because I really did wanna live a little bit longer. 
Why?
Not sure.
I just did.
Man...how do they do it? I guess when you really want to kill yourself, your mind just goes blank and you just do it. All hope is lost. Bye, Cruel World.
The following days after that were spent running down the streets, just screaming at the top of my lungs.
“Aaaaaaarrrrrghhhhhhh!”
I sounded like a sea lion. Not too clear why I did it. Maybe I was just releasing some steam. Maybe I was bored. Maybe, when you're the last man on Hawaii, you just end up doing questionable bull crap. I kept seeing more and more people – on the streets, on the beach, in the woods, on rooftops – giving themselves to the ghosts, and each time, the ghosts would take their souls up to the ghost portal. And that wasn't it. As the nights crawled by, I kept getting this...sense...this tug in my stomach...that something bad was coming – like the whole island – maybe even the whole world – was clearing out. Something bad was coming. What was I to do? I couldn't get off Oahu. I could take a boat; maybe learn to drive it. Wouldn't hurt to try. So that's what I did. I went over to the docks, in Ala Moana, and climbed onto a rich man's yacht. 
No keys.
Of course.
So then I start looking for a rowboat, but who has a friggin' rowboat in this day and age? As I walked around, thinking about how to off the island, I thought I saw Shells down in the distance...down some street. The sun was in my eyes – yes – playing tricks on me! Strange vision. It looked like she was with that prick Slovoth.
Strange, odd hallucination....


Morning.
I cleaned my condo – washed some dishes, scrubbed a few doorknobs – and went outside in search of food, something other than Spam. Right outside the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall, a dead man sat on the bus stop. Not a zombie. Just a dead guy. I touched his shoulder with my finger and pushed. The body fell over on its side. He seemed fresh. I moved on....
I walked down to Straub Hospital, walked by an ambulance with its back doors open and swinging in the breeze. I looked in for some reason. I didn't know what I expected to see. Maybe dead people, I don't know. The hospital doors still worked: They felt me walking close and slid open. I went into the kitchen, or mess hall, or wherever doctors ate, opened the refrigerator and found some food: Some tuna and mayonnaise. I mixed them in a bowl and ate, then I went back out under the boiling sun and defrosted a frozen can of corn.
It was splendid. Really great stuff, right there. And then that old, familiar feeling came over me. It would happen sometimes – just out of nowhere: I'd get the Fear.
Like I said, it would just happen. My body would say, “You might wanna get the heck out of here, Boss. Something's wrong with this picture. Something's coming.”
So I listened and headed back home, eating that corn.
At the bus stop, I noticed something queer.
That fresh, dead guy was gone.
Maybe he turned into a zombie and up and left?
Maybe.
But, then again, maybe not.
I hadn't seen a zombie in a looong time – not since that ghost portal arrived.
Again...the Fear.
I dropped my can of corn and spun around. Felt like eyes were on me, examining me.
“Who's there!” I yelled.
Wind. Hissing sun.
I looked at the scene, squinting and looking some more.


As I was walking back home, I saw another woman surrounded by ghosts. She was on the roof of a car, jumping up and down, reaching up to one of them ghosts. It was an older ghost – male. The woman kept saying, “Johnny! You've come back for me! Take me with you! I've missed you!” The old ghost – Johnny – laughed like a deranged monkey and flew through her chest, dragging out her soul, flying her up into the sky. I think I saw them bastards kissing – french kissing.
Her body dropped dead.
Just then...an old, red truck done pulled up, and a big man wearing one of them black dominatrix masks come walking out. It went over his head, and his hair stuck out at the back where the zipper ended. He looked like something out of a Mad Max movie. This guy waved to the truck, and a woman, also wearing the mask (a red one), come jumping out the back bed. They both walked over to the woman's body and picked her up by the wrists and ankles and tossed her into the back of the truck. I was hiding behind a bus stop the whole time. As they drove away, I saw that the back of the truck was filled with bodies...and that girl was having a little snack, munching on a severed hand.
Cannibals, I thought. Sweet sassy molassy.


A-zigging and a-zagging behind trees and buildings and derelict automobiles, I was able to follow the truck a little. These cannibals, they lived in an abandoned, local restaurant that specialized in Zimbabwe hamburgers, called Mouth Palace. I hid behind a car and watched as they pulled up to the front and dragged out bodies.
Then they walked into their home/restaurant and locked the doors. They had painted the windows black. Why? I didn't know. Not like anyone was snooping around. Well, I guess 'cept for me.
I walked to the door and brought my hands up against the window and tried to peek inside, and then I heard something.
Screaming.
But not just normal screaming.
Bloody screaming.
Sounds of murder.
Something heavy banged up against the windows. Other people were in there, trying to get out – all yelling and fighting and begging and calling out for Jesus. I looked around and found a big ol' rock, so I's picked it up, but before I threw it, I looked up to the clouds.
If I do this, will you take me? I thought, really trying to shoot my mental words into the sky. Will you guys save me? Huh?
No answer (although the sun did appear from behind a cloud and blinded me a little).
Good enough, I thought...and threw the rock at the door.
The thing shattered. A naked old woman and a naked man ran out, both limping, both shielding their eyes from the loud sun. That cannibal man ran out after them, wielding the biggest butcher's knife I ever did done see. I reached behind me and took out one of my small knives and jumped on his back and slit his throat. His blood shot out in glittering streams and went SPLAT on the ground like thick rain – splat, splat, splat! He fell to his knees, holding his neck. He spun on his knees to see the jerk that did him in, and when he saw me, he reached out and curled his fingers...then fell on his face.
His girlfriend screamed and ran out to get me. She was waving a samurai sword around in the air, and something told me she had no idea how to use it right. She took a sloppy swing down at me, and I stepped to the side real easy-like. The blade dug into the concrete, setting off a spark. She tried to yank the sword free, but it wouldn't give.
I kicked her in the face, and she back flipped through the air, her mask flying off. She landed hard on her head, and she moved around in pain, gripping her stomach. She was young, probably just a teenager. The girl snarled at me, acting like some kind of crazed, uncivilized animal. I pulled out the sword and held it high above my head. A part of me didn't want to kill a living person; but another part of me said, Not human. She deserves to die. All monsters deserve to die. Cannibals. Not human. Do it. Kill her. The world will be a safer place. You'll sleep better at night.
“Just a monster,” I said, and chopped her head off in three tries. The girl made a pathetic sound right before I did her in. It was something like a yelp.
Jesus. She sounded human enough.
I stepped back and looked up at the sky.
No ghosts came.
Not one.


Back home, as a mad storm kicked at the windows, I had a terrible dream.
I'm back there at that restaurant, in the freezing rain, at night, and I'm killing those two cannibals all over again. I take off the dead man's mask, and it's...Slovoth, still missing his eye. I walk over to the girl's severed head and, after a whole minute thinking about it first, I take off her mask, and what I see knocks the strength from my knees.
It's Shells.
I woke up screaming and crying.
I put my clothes on and ran out and ran, ran, ran back to that restaurant, my heart pounding in my ears. I ran through that stinging rain that felt like needles on my face, through all that thunder and lightning. 
When I got to Mouth Palace, the bodies were still there. Dogs were eating parts of the male cannibal. I yelled at them, and those dogs ran off complaining with his fingers in their mouths. I leaned over his body, kicked over his heavy bulk, and worked at taking his mask off.
It was Slovoth.
Odd reaction: I fell on him and started attacking that dead man, elbowing his face, screaming at him, strangling him. After minutes of that BS, I stood up. I was lost for a second.
Where am I? What am I doing here? Dear God, what's happening?
It was time to check on the girl I beheaded.
And I didn't wanna do it. I didn't want to know. My body walked there, but my brain was screaming, begging not to do it. The girl's body was still there. The rain picked up, and it was like she was in a river that threatened to carry her away. I could see her pruned fingers.
But I didn't have to unmask her. I didn't have to check – to see who it really was.
The head was gone....
I searched around, looking under cars, looked all over that restaurant....What happened to it? The question nagged at me, bothered me like a pimple on my brain. What happened it it? Where is it? I've looked everywhere. This went on for days....I once found a gaggle of wild cats munching on a big-something, but it turned out to be just a duck. I saw that head everywhere I went. I saw that head covered in that evil-looking, red mask in cars, staring out at me. I saw it up in trees, behind store windows, even looking up at me from down them gutters.


Each day, I was finding more and more cannibals. They'd be driving around in trucks, looking for bodies to eat – alive, dead, human, animal, didn't matter. One night, as I was looking for that head, I found myself at a park, and I saw a large group of cannibals dancing around a fire. They all wore those leather, black and red masks. They were cooking and eating people...people who also wore those masks.
I ran home that night, confused.


When I woke up the next morning, I went looking for the head again, in the city. I walked by a van, and it looked just like the one that gangster Pope rode around in. The thing moved – just a little, but enough for me to open the door and take a look inside. Nothing in there. Just my imagination. 
Someone ran around in a nearby store.
At first, I thought I was just seeing things again, but then, on closer inspection, I saw that there really was someone in there: A woman that seemed to be searching for something. I ran to the window and tapped on the glass, praying that she was no cannibal.
This is it!
A real woman....Someone I can talk to. Someone I can love. She'll be all mine. We'll talk for hours. It's been so long. Thank you, God. Thank you for sending me this gift. I get it now. This was all a test! You wanted to see if I was worthy. Not everyone deserves a girlfriend. You must prove yourself. Thank you for this gift. She is beautiful. She won't judge me. She won't leave me....I'll never be alone again. Thank you. I knew this was all for something. I knew living through this hell was for something. She's beautiful....She's beautiful....I'll love her forever. With her, I am complete. I feel worthy....I can finally live. I am complete.
She shot me a look and ran and jumped through – THROUGH – the store window. Came at me with her long nails aimed at my face. I gave her a big punch to her breasts, then we fought – wrestled around, bit each other, slapped each other around for a minute.
I picked up a long thing of glass, and cut into her belly....

The End

Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.


Raymund Hensley is the author of Filipino Vampire. He lives in Honolulu, Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/

https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley

https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/

https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs


ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

"Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!"
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

