GHOST HUNTER Z - GHOST HUNTER Z BOOK 1 - BY D.A. SCHNEIDER



©2017 D.A. Schneider. All rights reserved
©2020 D.A. Schneider 2nd edition
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. Please leave an honest review for this book on the site of purchase and social media to support and encourage others to read. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover by DAWD Designs








Ghost Hunter Z

by
D. A. Schneider



CHAPTER ONE
London
 October 12, 1883

Father Time is a harsh bastard.
Benson Algood had worked as a clerk in Judge Long’s office for nearly thirty years and working late was nothing new to him. As a matter of fact, it was a nightly practice now that old Philsby had retired, Father Time taking its toll on him first. Until the judge could find a suitable replacement, Benson would have to pick up the duties of his missing friend and co-worker. Benson didn’t mind though. It was his commitment to his job that had garnered so much of his employer’s trust. To the judge, Benson was much more than a clerk. He was a trusted ally in the fight to clean up the criminal element from London’s streets. The judge had said as much himself on numerous occasions.
Climbing the stairs to the file room wasn’t nearly as easy as it once was. There were many more aches in his body in many more places than there used to be. As much as he hated to admit it he knew his own retirement was fast approaching. He couldn’t imagine life without his work, but Father Time was inescapable. A harsh bastard indeed.
On this night, he found himself alone in the dark offices, again nothing new to Benson. As he moved up the stairs he lit the wall-mounted lamps along the way, adjusting the gaslight to account for his fading eyes. Along the hallway to the file room, he lit the three lamps here as well and pulled the key ring from his pocket.
“Now, where did you go off to?” The search for the right key to the file room was also a nightly ritual. Every night Benson would scold himself for not marking the keys and every night he would forget he was going to mark them. From behind him came the faint sound of footsteps. Benson peered down the dimly lit hallway. “Hello?” he called.
Nothing.
No more than an old man whose failing senses were beginning to get the best of him. He turned back to the file room door and again fiddled with his keys. Suddenly, a man cleared his throat from down the hall where he’d heard the footsteps. Someone else was in the hall with him, but they were beyond the light provided by the wall lamps.
Benson pulled the nearest light from its mounting and walked down the hall with the light held out in front of him. Once he passed the staircase, the darkened portion of the hallway beyond began to come into view. In the weak lamp light, Benson could see the form of a man standing at the end of the hall checking his pocket watch as if waiting for someone to join him. 
“Pardon me, sir,” the old clerk called out. “I’m afraid visitors aren’t allowed in the offices after hours. I beg you come back tomorrow and conduct whatever business you have during business hours.”
The man went on waiting as if he’d not heard Benson’s request. Benson walked farther down the hall, but as the lamp light drew closer to the stranger, the stranger faded into nothingness. Suddenly aware of the suffocating silence around him, the old clerk hurried to the end of the hall and shone the light around the corner where a longer hallway continued toward the rear of the building and held more offices.
“I’m working too hard,” Benson reassured himself out loud. “Get a hold of yourself, old man. You’re starting to unravel.”
With that, Benson decided to get back to work. The quicker he finished up the sooner he could get home and sleep. Then perhaps take the day off tomorrow and catch up on some much-needed rest. 
Benson looked down the hall toward the file room in time to see the lamps he’d only just lit being extinguished one by one. His heart raced. The small door of the lamp he held creaked open all on its own and the fire blinked out of existence as if invisible fingers pinched out the flame.
The only sounds in the pitch-black hallway were Benson’s quick, shaking breaths  and the rapid thump, thump, thump of his heart. He fumbled in his pocket, but he’d used his last match on the lamps. He reached a shaking hand out toward the wall. It wasn’t there. He shuffled to the right until his fingers came into contact with the cold surface of the wall. A small victory. Benson took a moment to catch his breath. He sat the useless lamp on the floor. With both hands on the wall, he felt his way down toward the corner that would eventually reveal the staircase. His mind, for some reason, considered the flakiness of the wall. How old this building was. It was in need of repair in so many places.
Benson was sure the stairwell had to be close. He’d come so far already. But on and on he went, hands sliding down an endless hallway. It wasn’t right. He’d worked here for more than thirty years and he knew without a doubt that the hallway was nowhere near this long. The darkness was stifling. Was it getting hotter? How could that be in mid-October with no lamps to give off heat and no coal burning in the stove below? It was chilly in here only moments ago, but now the heat grew stronger. So too did the stench of… rotten meat?
Then his hands were off the wall and touching something else. Something moist and sticky. Benson was sure he’d found the source of the rotten meat smell. His hands moved up over exposed muscle and tissue.
A strange hollow feeling invaded his brain. 
Fear lumped in his stomach, threatening to send its contents up his throat and out of his mouth in a spray of lumpy liquid.
No matter how much he wanted to rip his shaking hands away from the thing, he could not. Instead, his fingers moved up over exposed teeth where lips used to be and ridged bone where a nose once sat. Then the thing moved its jaw to speak and Benson smelled decay mingled in a morbid dance with long-dead leaves, ancient mud, and tainted blood. And when this creature spoke, this being from another realm, where all that’s good and pure is no more than a vague memory for the tormented souls that reside there, his voice gurgled with the rot of putrid, liquefied organs. He spoke one word and one word only: “Asmodeus!” The word drove a spike of fear into Benson’s brain. Madness overcame him. 

CHAPTER TWO

“Sir, if’n ya don’t mind me askin’, where’re we goin’?”
Z turned to the diminutive man he had grown to call friend over the years and regarded him seriously. Reginald Cunningham Boulderstern the Third had a name that sounded like he was born into a family that had been very well off, and perhaps at some point they were, but Z had found him living on the streets, stealing food to get by and heading down a path that would have surely delivered him to the gallows.
“There’s a little cottage on the outskirts of town,” Z replied. “The family that lives there is having a little trouble with a poltergeist. We’re going to rid them of their problem. For a small fee, of course.”
“Of course. Will we be needin’ the ecto-extractor?”
“It’s a good possibility.”
The little man hefted a large rifle that Z had customized himself and named the ecto-extractor, and carefully took it outside to stack in the back of the carriage. “Anythin’ else?”
“Better grab a few specter cases as well.”
“And the revolvers? Will they need cleanin’? Re-loadin’ with fresh silver?”
“The guns are all set, but let’s bring two extra boxes of silver just in case. There are stories abound of werewolves and other creatures in the area we’ll be stalking.”
“Werewolves?”
“Relax, one rarely runs into a werewolf. Besides, the next full moon is nearly a week out. Hopefully we’ll be back by then.”
“Right.”
“Where did you get off to last night anyway? You behaved yourself I hope.”
“Just some drinks with a lady.”
“Really? Good for you.”
As Z fastened his revolvers across his hips he stepped outside and walked around to the other end of the carriage only to be met by Mr. Nelly, his landlord and biggest detractor. Z grumbled under his breath and went about his preparations to depart while trying to ignore the pompous ass at his side.
“Mr. Z, I feel it my duty to remind you that you are two months behind on rent,” Mr. Nelly said, the disgust in his voice was palpable. “I don’t know how it works in America, but this isn’t your Wild West. In London, if you do not pay for your business and living quarters you are evicted.”
Z sighed heavily. “I am well aware of the situation, Mr. Nelly, especially since you feel the need to remind me every day. As it happens, my assistant and I are on our way to a job right now and I promise you, we will have your money and then some upon our return.”
“Then by all means, carry on.” The landlord walked away, leaving Z with the building urge to just strangle him and get it over with. Nelly called back over his shoulder. “By the way, all of the equipment you’ve brought into the building seems dangerous and possibly volatile. I shall have to raise your rent to cover any possible damages.”
Z said nothing, though he could see the sneer curling the corner of the landlord’s lips. he chose to give the wagon a good punch instead. Above him, Reg seated himself on the bench and lifted the reins in his gloved hands.
“All ready, sir?”
Z took a moment to consider whether he’d forgotten anything. Satisfied he hadn’t, he climbed into the carriage and rapped his knuckles on the roof. The horses pulled away, giving the carriage a jerk as they started off. He came to London four years ago with visions of riches swimming in his head. A man with his particular talents and inventiveness accomplished little in America, but the history of hauntings in England was a rich one, filled with tales that he felt may carry at least some kernel of truth. The land was rife with spirits. The difficult part thus far had been getting his name out there, and though it had taken longer than he’d anticipated, there were a growing number of jobs coming his way. His ship was going to come in soon, he just knew it. 
It would be an easy job, he was sure. A country cottage was ideal for this trip. It would be nice to get away for a few days from London’s grimy surfaces and unbearable stench and the constant whirring sound of Scotland Yard’s blimps patrolling overhead. As the carriage rocked along the cobblestone streets, Z let his mind drift back to the place it so often did. New York, a woman’s scream, a specter’s shrieks. 
He jolted in his seat and pulled the curtain away from the window. London’s old buildings greeted him with their sooty blackness and unforgiving bulk. Yet even now, with his disdain for the city and near failure in his endeavors, he had no wish to return to the States and the horrors that awaited him there. He missed nothing. Not really. Except, perhaps, the affection of a certain girl.
Z let these thoughts drift from his mind like balloons from a child’s hand. Pulling his Stetson off, he rested his head on the back of the cushioned seat then placed the hat over his eyes. Within seconds he was asleep.

CHAPTER THREE

After several hours, the carriage finally came to a jerking stop. Z looked out through the curtained window and found a quaint little cottage nestled in a large, fenced-in field where more than a dozen sheep grazed and bleated in the moon’s dim light. Reg opened the carriage door and Z climbed out just as Mrs. Holland, the woman who’d sent him the letter he presumed, exited the house to greet them.
“Mr. Z?” the woman inquired.
“Yes, ma’am,” Z answered with a tip of his hat.
The woman smiled. “Are you American?”
“Yes. I hope that’s not a problem.” Z was sure that came out more defensively than he’d meant it to.
“No, of course not. It’s just, I’ve never met an American before.”
Z gave his most charming smile. “Then you clearly don’t get to London much. There are quite a few of us running around there.”
She giggled nervously, succumbing to his attempt to charm her. Unfortunately, her husband guessed as much as well. Mr. Holland had appeared in the doorway near the end of the conversation. He was a broad man with a slight belly hanging over his belt and as he approached the two of them, he held out his hand to shake Z’s despite the untrusting stare that bore into the ghost hunter’s soul.
“Welcome to our home, Mr. Z,” said Mr. Holland. “When my wife told me of you and your profession, I must admit I was skeptical but also hopeful. I’m afraid we’re desperate, though, and I’m willing to try anything.”
“I’ll do my best to live up to your wife’s expectations,” Z stated, with a glance to the wife. She smiled with a blush and turned to retreat inside the house.
The husband didn’t seem to take notice. “Can I help you with your things?”
“That won’t be necessary at the moment. I’m afraid it’s far too late to set up now. Better to have the light of day. Besides, in most cases like these the spirit doesn’t reveal itself to a newcomer on the first night. The two of you should be able to get a decent night’s sleep.”
Mr. Holland looked positively relieved at this news and Z thought he’d collapse on the spot. “Sleeping through the night has been a forgotten practice in the Holland household of late. Please, come inside,” Mr. Holland invited. As the two of them walked to the door with Reg in tow, the husband continued. “You’re far more articulate than other Americans I’ve met.” 
“Well, I was raised and educated in New York, plus I’ve been in London going on four years. It’s the kind of place that can rub off on you.”
“So, why the gunslinger appearance?”
“When you’ve seen the things that I have you’re always prepared for the unusual.”
When the client had told Z she lived in a cottage, he had expected something much bigger. The house was large enough to fit three rooms (one for each child in the Holland family) and a loft that served as the parents’ sleeping quarters. There were only the simplest forms of furniture and décor within and there was a part of Z that envied the Hollands for their simple, normal life.
Z carefully studied the sitting room, taking in every detail. Then he closed his eyes and reached out with his hands. Spirits moved nearby. They were aware of him there. They didn’t like his presence at all. Mr. Holland moved around to his side. He sensed that much as well. The sheep herder didn’t believe the way his wife did. Even after all the strange events and visitations, he couldn’t bring himself to trust that the stranger in front of him could capture ghosts. Z was sure he believed ghosts were real, a ghost hunter on the other hand was something altogether harder to believe in.  
“What are you doing?” asked Mr. Holland. 
“I’m trying to get a sense of what I’m up against.”
“And?”
“There are three spirits present. Two of them are average, weak, easily dispatched. The third is darker and far more sinister. It will take some time to lure that one out, but I’ll get him.”
“What makes you so certain?”
Z smiled. “I’ve seen this type before.” The ghost hunter breathed deeply through his nose. “Something smells delicious. Have we made it in time for supper?”
“Only just. We would be honored if you’d join us.”
“I thank you.”

The supper was welcome and delicious, better than he and Reg had had in some time. Not long after the feast, the Hollands and their children retired to bed leaving Z and Reg in the sitting room on guard from any supernatural visitors. 
Often, these moments found Z sitting in quiet contemplation, his mind dwelling on things that should be left alone, a pipe hanging from his mouth with a pinch of something sweet burning in the bowl. Reg usually found a corner to sit in where he’d read or write letters to his sister in Norway. On this night, however, he was a bit more talkative than usual.
“I tell ya, I can’t wait fer tomorrow. Seein’ you in action is such a thrill.”
Z nodded his head, only half paying attention. “It is, isn’t it?”
The servant laughed. “Say, Master Z sir, somethin’ I always wanted to ask ya. Why’d ya pick me?”
“Sorry?”
“Well, why’d ya want me as yer assistant?”
“In the simplest terms, I find when I have you standing next to me women consider me vastly more irresistible.”
Reg laughed but blushed with embarrassment at the same time.
“All joking aside, though, there was something about you I found very trustworthy. My instincts told me that you would be valuable and they were right. I share things with you, my friend, which I’ve never shared with another. One reason why none of my relationships with women last long.”
“Thank you, sir. I appreciate yer trust in me.”
“Of course. I’m going to step outside for a moment.”
“Can I join ya?”
“If you’d like.”
The two men stepped out into the biting, late October night. Z pulled his tobacco pouch from his belt and went to work on his pipe with well-practiced fingers. Meanwhile, Reg produced his own pouch and papers, rolling a smoke for himself. Reg struck a match and held it out for Z’s bowl before touching it to his own cigarette.
“Cursed things,” the ghost hunter said, referring to the cigarettes hanging from his assistant’s mouth. “You should really invest in a good pipe. Far more civilized.”
“Perhaps I will. So, tell me more about yerself, Z,” Reg said after his initial drag.
“Why this sudden interest in me? I’ve told you everything already.”
“Everythin’ since you got to London. What about yer childhood, yer family, I feel like I hardly know ya.”
Z exhaled smoke along with an exasperated sigh and stared out at the empty, rolling hills before him. “Alright. When I was eight my parents moved the whole family to an old farmhouse in upstate New York. One night while I was in bed I suddenly felt a horrific cold surrounding me. Biting right through my flesh and down to the bone. Imagine, Reg, what it felt like for an eight-year-old boy to look down at the end of his bed only to find a dead man standing there just looking at him. I could always tell the dead from the living too and it wasn’t just the change in climate that gave it away. They wear their deaths for all eternity, you know. This particular one had met his end with a gunshot wound to the head. I remember being able to see right through his brain to the wall of my room behind him. I screamed and told my parents about him, but they wouldn’t believe me. So, I’d lay there all night, every night, and he would appear there and just stare. Then one day, I think he came to realize that I could see him, because he began to shriek. It was an unholy sound that still haunts me today. When my parents finally had me committed to a mental institution I considered it a blessing. Finally, I was able to get some sleep.
“Eventually, I learned to live with the spirits around me and in time, I began to hunt them and make a decent living from it. Those memories, my friend, are just a few of the thousands that I’d like to forget. Please forgive me if I seem reluctant to share.”
With that, Z shoved his pipe in his mouth and returned to the Hollands’ sitting room. Reg stayed outside for a bit longer. 

Morning came and the Hollands arose to their daily chores looking far more rested than they had the night before. Z explained to Mr. Holland that he and his assistant would need at least a few hours’ sleep before they’d start setting up their equipment for the coming night. Mr. Holland obliged with a heavy blanket over the window in the loft where Z took the bed and Reg received a bedroll on the floor. Z would have gladly shared the bed, but Reg insisted that years of sleeping on floors had had a perverse effect on his back. As a result, sleeping on the floor was preferable. 
Even during the daylight hours, Z’s dreams were filled with horrors faced in years past and some he often believed to be from days yet to come. Whether or not he was right seldom mattered for the dreams were more often than not lost to him after he awoke. This time was different, though. This time, a monstrous face appeared that seemed familiar to him, though this was not from the past. No, he had the very real feeling this was a being from the future. A glimpse of what lay ahead for him.
Z shot up in bed and tried desperately to grasp the fragments of his dream before they scattered in all directions like panic-stricken villagers running from some unseen terror. Reg was by his side in an instant. “Another dream, sir? Come now, we’ll get ye some water, it’ll all be alright.”
“No!” Suddenly it was a struggle to form the words he wanted to speak. In his agitated state, he only managed, “Paper! Quill!”
“Yes! Right away, sir!”
Reg stumbled away toward the ladder that led to the sitting room but just as he swung one leg over the top rung, Z stopped him.
“Forget it, Reg, it’s gone. I’ve lost it.”
Reg climbed back up and walked toward the ghost hunter with a sour look on his face. “Must have been a doozy, hey?”
“Yeah. Yeah, I think it was. Reg, the next time we sleep, I need paper and a quill beside me and I need you to write down whatever gibberish falls out of my mouth.”
“Of course, sir. I’ll see to it.”
“I will take that water now.”
“Sure.”
Z dropped his feet to the floor and lowered his head. His dark brown locks of hair fell from his shoulders and hung loose over his face. He shut his eyes tightly and the unholy face flashed through his mind’s eye again, all teeth and evil intent. He actually felt a hitch in his breath and he flinched as if he were just slapped across the cheek. Then the image was lost again. Perhaps for good.
Reg returned with a glass of water that he handled quite deftly on the climb back up the ladder to the loft. Z drank it down and checked his watch. “Alright, all dreams and water drinking aside, we need a quick bite to eat and then we’ll get started. We have a lot of work to do before our party tonight.”
“Yes,” Reg said, clapping his hands together. “I am ready.”
The little man had a gleam in his eyes that sometimes worried Z. He had far too much fun during these sessions than any sane man should. “Come.”

CHAPTER FOUR

The engine was the hardest part of setting up. Much like the steam engine of a locomotive, only on a much smaller scale, the engine sat anchored to the back of the carriage Z and Reg had arrived in. The engine was used specifically for powering the ecto-extractor and though the weapon would not be needed for another night or two, it was always a good idea to have it primed and ready to go. While Reg went about preparing the engine, Z pulled a large case from inside the cab and carried it inside the Hollands’ house.
Mr. and Mrs. Holland appeared seemingly out of nowhere and converged on Z and his case with a nosey curiosity he’d not have previously attributed to the two of them. 
“What do you have in there?” the husband inquired.
“What strange instruments,” said Mrs. Holland. “I’ve never seen their make.”
“Most of them are of my own design. This one for example.” The ghost hunter picked up a box-shaped device that had a needle gauge and a small crank on the side. “This tool is used to measure paranormal energy in the area.”
“Paranormal energy?” asked Mr. Holland.
“Yes. You see, spirits are surrounded by a strong electromagnetic field and when they move through a house, such as this one, they will often leave a trail that can be detected by some people. Those who have the psychic ability to communicate with the dead.”
“I thought you had this ability.” The shepherd’s wife sounded nervous.
“You were wrong,” Z said plainly. “I can see the dead. Unfortunately, I have to rely on my trusty device here to help me hunt them down. If a ghost is haunting a house, you can bet it has no interest in leaving. It hides from us in the first night or two. When it realizes we’re not going anywhere it will attempt to scare us away. This is when we catch them by surprise. Most don’t realize there is a living person in the room that can see them as plain as you see me now. And I can always tell the living from the dead.” Always? Z thought to himself. “The dead always wear their deaths like an eternal burden.”
“What an awful gift,” Mrs. Holland said.
Z stared at the woman, suddenly feeling overwhelming gratitude at her sympathy. He said nothing. Instead, he cranked the arm on the box several times and held the device out in front of him. The needle jumped slightly and a static ticking sound emitted from within. Z walked around the house from room to room but didn’t get much of a read from any of them. Little more than a lingering residue that hung in areas the ghosts had moved through before. It wasn’t unusual. In fact, it was a common pattern. 
“Engine’s all ready,” Reg said as Z walked outside. 
Z nodded. “Typical stuff inside. They may show themselves this evening, but I really think we’ll get the visit tomorrow night.”
Mr. Holland approached at that moment, though reluctantly it seemed. “Will you gentlemen be joining us for lunch?”
Reg looked eagerly at Z. “Go ahead, Reg. I’ll pass.”
Reg hurried inside and Mr. Holland stepped closer to Z. “Are you sure you won’t join us?”
Z looked across the field at a young girl who carried in her hands the tangled, rotted remains of her intestines. She was the victim of an animal attack, or perhaps a carriage crash. “I don’t have much of an appetite today.” 
The ghost hunter walked to the other side of the wagon and sat down in front of the wheel. Pulling out his tobacco pouch and pipe, he stuffed himself a fresh bowl and popped it in his mouth. He looked back to the ghost in the field. She had circled around the field once and was starting her trek all over again. Some ghosts were like this. They seemed to be trapped in the living world, doomed to wander aimlessly, never certain of what they’re supposed to be doing or why they’re drawn to the places they haunt. Despite the sight of this ghost and the knowledge of her miserable existence on this plane, the thing that amazed Z the most (for reasons he wasn’t quite aware of) was the way she moved through the tall grass without moving a single blade.
This was not one of the ghosts that haunted the Holland household. It was likely the poor girl had been wandering her field for years. Perhaps fifty years judging by her dress. Z wondered if she would even acknowledge him if he sauntered over and tipped his hat with a heartfelt “Afternoon, ma’am.” Somehow, he doubted it. While some ghosts plead with him insistently when they realize he can see them, others are too far gone to take notice. Too set in their ways.
As evening drew closer, Z and Reg finished setting up the equipment and, when invited, Z did join the family and Reg for supper. By that time, he had worked up quite a hunger and the smell of the stew over the fire had his stomach grumbling to be satisfied. When the family locked hands to say grace, Z reluctantly played along for the sake of his poor, empty belly if nothing else. Everyone ate the meal in silence until the last plate was cleaned. It was here that the lord of the house dismissed his children and looked sternly across the table at Z.
“I noticed you were less than pleased at grace being said at this table,” Mr. Holland pointed out. “I’m afraid, even though you’re here to help us, there are some things I will not sacrifice.”
“Nor would I ask you to,” Z replied. “My lack of faith is my burden to bear alone.”
The shepherd gave the ghost hunter a confused look. “You have a strange way of seeing things, Mr. Z.”
“You have no idea.”
Mr. Holland excused himself from the table and stood with a sigh of frustration. Z had no doubt the tension between the two of them would continue to grow with each passing day. In truth, his lack of faith wasn’t in religion itself. He’d seen too many things to doubt the existence of angels and demons, or gods and devils. His problem came with the published works that claimed to hold the answers to all creation when in fact they all had most of it wrong.  
Mrs. Holland spoke up, breaking Z’s train of thought. “You’ll have to excuse my husband. He’s rife with worry for his family. Is there any chance this ghost will reveal itself to you tonight?”
“One can hope.” Z stood from his chair and left the table without bothering to excuse himself. On the porch, he lit up a freshly packed pipe and let the tobacco fill his lungs and ease his nerves. It was the same story with every client. Z could come off as peculiar, but what the hell did they expect from someone who hunts ghosts for a living. Though he supposed it was his own fault. He’d already rubbed Mr. Holland the wrong way with the flirtation with Mrs. Holland upon arriving at the house, now he’d gone and insulted the man’s religious beliefs. Mr. Holland had been nothing but cordial toward Z and Reg.
The sun was gone. The time had come. Z extinguished his pipe and turned to make one last sweep of the house with the P.E. detector before taking up his post in the sitting room. He cranked the handle until the dial jumped up then held it out in front of him as he entered the house. Reg passed him as he came in and walked just off the porch to shovel fresh coal into Engine No. 6. (a name given to the steam engine after the first train Z had ever ridden as a boy). The Holland children had been put to bed early and the parents now stood in the doorway to the kitchen watching Z with great interest.
“Anything?” asked the wife.
Z raised the device toward the roof. “Is there an attic or third floor to the house?”
“Yes, but you have to take the ladder from the loft to reach it.”
“Mr. Holland, if you would be so kind?”
Holland harrumphed but went to retrieve the ladder that led to his bedroom. The broad-shouldered shepherd carried the ladder past the children’s room and placed it against the rear of the hall. In the dimness, Z could just make out a small door that slid sideways along a track that was built inside the ceiling. He climbed up the ladder, steadied himself, and turned the crank on the P.E. detector a few more times. The needle spiked dramatically. Z was getting close.
“I’m going in,” he called down to the others.
As he neared the top, the quickening tick of the detector’s needle reached a frenzied crescendo. Carefully, he slid the thin door aside and crawled into the pitch-black room above.
“Please do be careful,” Mrs. Holland called.
Z looked down at her with a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry. Though these spirits can be loud and mischievous, they are unable to do any real harm to us because of their existence on another plain. I’ll be fine.”  
Unless… he thought to himself. But to hell with unless! There were any number of scenarios that could prove his statement wrong, but that didn’t mean he should share any of them with the normal people. He slid the door shut behind him and surrendered to the unforgiving darkness. After a few seconds, a faint blue glow appeared from the far corner of the room near the floor. As Z felt his way carefully toward the light, his sight began to adjust. 
Closer and closer he crept, stepping carefully in the cluttered room. Once he was near enough, he reached for the edge of the light, certain the spirit was hiding behind a crate or some object similar in shape. When his hand met a hard surface, he pulled it back in surprise. A mirror. All of it was covered with an old sheet except for the lower right-hand corner, which was reflecting the light.
It was then that he heard it. A gurgling sound intermingled with an angry growl. Z turned to face the creature, hands instinctively dropping the P.E. detector and going for the guns on his hips.
The woman that came into view moved in jerking, sporadic motions. Her black hair swirled around her as if she were trapped underwater and not in the attic of a quaint little cottage. The aura that surrounded her was blue, but much of her skin was dark and there were pieces of her missing. Part of the upper lip so that her teeth were exposed, a large portion of her left side where a few jagged ribs hung in mid-air. Her fingernails formed wickedly sharp talons that had no doubt ripped through the flesh of many unsuspecting victims. This was no ordinary ghost.
The ghost hunter brought the revolvers up and fired with practiced precision. Holes appeared in the woman’s chest, head, and neck, but silver bullets on this kind of being would only slow it down and ultimately make it angrier. 
Z fired again and again as he backed up but then he tripped. Falling back, he landed hard and hit his head on the mirror’s frame. The ghost was coming for him fast now. He jammed one gun into its holster and reached back to the sheet that covered the looking glass. With one good yank, he revealed the mirror. The ghost stopped in her tracks at the sight of her own reflection. She wailed. Z covered his ears. It was a noise filled with the decades of torment and crushing sadness that this lost soul had been forced to endure. Covering her eyes, she turned and disappeared into a large, empty wardrobe.
Z picked himself up and made his way back to the door with as much haste as the dimness would allow. He threw the door open and quickly descended the ladder to the bottom floor. Mr. Holland was on him immediately.
“Good god, man! Who on earth would fire a pistol on a ghost?”
“Only a man who has discovered what he’s dealing with. Quickly take your wife and your children outside.”
“What?”
“You must get out now!” Z shouted.
The children (who must have been raised from their slumber by gunfire) were already at their mother’s side. Z followed the family out the front door and into the yard where Reg had Engine No. 6 burning and ready for action.
“You can stop shoveling coal, friend,” Z said with a hand on Reg’s shoulder.
“Mr. Z,” the shepherd said. “Will you please tell us what’s going on?”
Z took a calming breath before speaking. “Mr. Holland, are you familiar with Chinese funeral traditions?”
“No.”
“The dead are honored with an elaborate celebration before being buried. These are steps taken to insure the dead rest in peace and find their way to the other side. If a body is buried incorrectly the ghost of the deceased can arise from the dead as a Jiang Shi, a creature that is neither wholly a spirit nor a being of any real substance. This is exactly what haunts your house.”
“But why? What does it want?”
“It wants to devour your flesh, Mr. Holland. You and your whole family. Though, why she’s here and not in China tormenting those responsible for her dishonor, well I just can’t figure that part out.”
“Is there a way to get rid of it?”
“You mean short of burning the house down?”
The shepherd’s eyes widened and shock replaced the surprise there. “That is out of the question. My father built this house with his own two hands.”
“Then why would you call a spirit into it?”
Mr. Holland’s face suddenly went slack as if a great burden were lifted off his shoulders.  “What happened, Mr. Holland?”
“What’s he talking about, Rupert?” asked Mrs. Holland.
“I…I summoned the spirits here,” the husband confessed. “It’s just, we needed the help. We’ve been struggling lately and while I was looking at those old books that Wimbly has in his library I came across a spell.”
“A spell?” The wife looked outraged.
“Yes. It was supposed to invite spirits into your home that would bring prosperity and love, only…”
“Only the wrong spirits answered the call,” Z finished. “What kind of book did you read this spell from?”
“I don’t know. It only had a strange looking emblem on the cover.”
“I would very much like to see this book when this is over.”
“Of course.”
“Relax, Mr. Holland, you didn’t break the law. Though I would advise against any further tampering with the spirit world. Now, there are a few things that can drive a Jiang Shi from your house. A mirror, a rooster’s call, the smell of vinegar, but these are all temporary solutions and the creature will most likely return. The only sure way to be rid of her is with fire.”
The shepherd turned to his wife who glared at him with fury in her eyes, her children held tightly to her. Then he sighed heavily. “Can we do it without burning the house down?”
Z answered with a shrug. “We can give it a shot.”

Reg took the gun as if he were being handed a valuable piece of art that had survived the centuries. “Are ye sure ’bout this?”
“Yes, if you should see it, this will at least slow it down a little until I can get to you with our cocktail mix.” Z held up the bottle of turpentine and rum with a rag protruding from its lip. “And, if you should happen to hear my gun blazing, come running with your bottle ready to go. Got it?”
Reg looked uncertain. “Is this really the best ye could come up with?”
“On such short notice, yes. Just remember, your aim must be true.”
“Will I even be able to see it?”
“I think so. The Jiang Shi is more monster than ghost.”
“Right.”
“Let’s go.”
The two men walked to the front door of the cottage and stopped on the porch. A deep breath from Reg to calm his nerves. A moment for Z to clear his mind. Reg started through the open door, but Z placed a hand on his shoulder, stopping him before he could get too far.
“Reg. Don’t shoot me. Okay?”
Reg looked back at the hunter, suddenly nervous all over again. “I’ll try not to.”
“Good. Let’s go.”
Z went left toward the sitting room while Reg veered right to the kitchen. They moved in silence, guns raised, looking for any movement from the ghostly creature within. Reg had asked Z if the Jiang Shi could have returned to the attic, but the ghost hunter didn’t think it likely. With the mirror uncovered, the creature would try its best to avoid the dreadful reflection that stared back through the glass.
Z searched thoroughly through the children’s room. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary and the P.E. detector attached to his belt was quiet. Once both ends of the house had been searched with no results, the ghost hunter and his assistant met at the front door.
“What now?” Reg asked.
Z looked up to the loft where the two of them had slept just that afternoon. Reg’s gaze followed. He looked back to Z, swallowed hard, and then went for the ladder, now in its usual place after Mr. Holland moved it away from the attic. Z climbed to the loft first. The needle on the P.E. detector spiked with audible and repetitive clicks. Reg nervously held up the revolver. Z raised a hand and listened. 
For a long time, the only sound was the terrible clicking from the ghost hunter’s belt until the device finally ran out of steam altogether and fell silent. Through the calm came a building rumble that turned into a shriek. Reg winced at the noise. The Jiang Shi appeared through the wall and rushed toward Reg. 
Reg screamed but still found the strength to pull the trigger. The bullet ripped into the screaming specter’s chest and sent her stumbling back, but the recoil sent Reg flying off the loft to the floor below.
While the Jiang Shi was off balance, Z quickly lit a match on the heel of his boot and held it to the fire bomb. He threw the bottle at the spirit’s legs where it broke on impact and engulfed her in flames. Her screams were now filled with agony as she ran toward Z. Thinking fast, he dropped to the floor and held up his feet. Then, using her momentum against her, he planted his feet in her stomach and heaved her over his head and through the window near the bed.
Z went to the broken window. On the ground below, the Jiang Shi lay screaming, dying.
Z descended the ladder and checked on his assistant. “Are you alright?”
“Aye, just got the wind knocked outta me.”
“I should have warned you about the kick,” said Z with a smile.
Reg smiled back. “Aye.”
Z helped Reg to his feet. They rushed outside where the Jiang Shi’s wails were fading to weakened moans. Z was surprised to see that the fire still strongly blazed while the ghost died. The Hollands and Reg kept their distance, but Z approached the ghost, getting as close as the flames would allow. Her eyes met his and for the first time she seemed like something more than a feral animal. Then two things happened that Z had not expected: the Jiang Shi smiled at him, and before death took her for good she spoke one word in a harsh whisper. “Asmodeus.”

CHAPTER FIVE

The remaining ghosts were removed from the house easily enough. Once Reg had warmed up Engine No.6, it was just a matter of using the ecto-extractor to latch on to the ghosts with a powerful mix of nylon netting covered in an ectoplasmic goo that Z had collected from previous hauntings. The ghosts were then deposited from the gun directly into the spirit chamber, a device that was also powered by the steam from Engine No. 6 and was also lined with ectoplasm. Here the ghosts would stay until the time was right.
The following morning, the Hollands expressed their gratitude to the ghost hunter and his assistant and Mr. Holland turned over the book he’d spoken of the night before. They even paid Z slightly more than the agreed upon price, despite the financial troubles that had started the whole ghostly business in the first place. “I know this is more than we agreed upon, but it’s the best way for us to show you just how grateful we are.”
Z, having money trouble of his own, graciously accepted all that was given. By late afternoon the carriage was heading back toward London and Z felt a little saddened by this. He had so looked forward to the break from the bustle of the city that a country cottage should bring, with a simple haunting resolved quickly, only to find the usual terrors that filled his life. They seemed to be everywhere. He always promised himself that he’d one day settle down in some part of the world previously untouched by man. Somewhere that had never been tainted by death and destruction. Then he’d wonder if such a place still existed in this day and age. He thought he’d found it once, but was dead wrong. 
Asmodeus. The name sounded familiar to him, but though he’d pondered the word since it was spoken, he could not recall where he’d heard or perhaps read it before. Resting his head against the window, he closed his eyes and let his mind drift backward, mentally pouring over all the texts he’d read on the dead and the creatures of so-called myth. Creatures that were no more a myth to him than any man or woman met on the street. Then, as so often happened when he let his thoughts drift to the past, they fell upon her.

 “Would you care to dance?”
The voice that asked the question sounded to Z like what may come from an angel were she to grace any mortal with the pleasure of her speech. He looked up slowly, deliberately taking in the full form of the dark-haired beauty who stood before him. He was taken off guard by her loveliness and that she would ask a man for a dance. Very strange indeed.
Z stood and held out his hand. The angel placed her hand in his and he bowed to kiss it. “It would be my honor.”
Though the ball had gone on well into the night, somehow the brunette in his arms had slipped his attention. Never a man to let any attractive woman escape his attention, he could only assume she had just recently arrived. Keeping her left hand in his right, the ghost hunter slipped his other hand behind her back (reaching low, for she was nearly a foot shorter than he) and led her out onto the dance floor. They danced in silence through the next three songs, letting their hips get familiar before letting their words get in the way. She moved in his arms like pure sensuality, every soft curve sliding through his hands with seductive expertise. 
Finally, she was ready for a drink and he gladly retrieved one for her. She sipped the wine and smiled sweetly at him. 
“I still haven’t had the pleasure of your name.”
“Sheila,” she answered in that sweet voice. “And yours?”
“Zachary. Most just call me Z.”
“Z? I like that. Adds a little mystery to you.”
“That was very bold, asking a man for a dance. Some of the older folks around here may get the wrong idea about you.”
“Perhaps they’d be right.”
Z couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face. He lit his pipe and nodded, reiterating, “Very bold.”
She laughed. “You’re very different than other men I’ve met.”
“Let me guess. They tend to get nervous and trip over their tongues while trying to speak to you.”
“That’s right.”
“That’s because you’re beautiful.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“So, why don’t I have the same effect on you?”
Z shrugged as if the answer was obvious. “Because I’m beautiful too.”
Her smile faltered. He felt the power shift, the huntress now the hunted. 
He moved closer to her, their mouths mere inches apart. “Face it. You and I are two peas in a pod, birds of a feather. The two of us together can do wonderful things.”
She exhaled softly. Her cheeks reddened. But she was different from the others. This one, this one would be special. This one he could fall for. A light kiss on the lips was all it took. He took her hand and led her out of the ball.

The door to the carriage opened abruptly. Z instinctively reached for the revolver on his hip.
“Sorry to startle ye, sir.” Reg had his hands up in front of him. “We’re here.”
Z looked past his friend and realized he had slept through the entire trip. He supposed the late nights (as well as a few sleepless ones) were bound to catch up to him sooner or later. He stepped out of the carriage feeling disoriented. Soon, the Gothic tombs and lush trees of Highgate Cemetery oriented themselves in his recovering vision. At the back of the carriage, Z pulled the containment chamber out, dropping it with some small amount of trouble onto the beaten path.
Highgate was more than a cemetery to the ghost hunter. In all of the graveyards he’d been in throughout his lifetime, from barely tended to potters fields to the lavishly gardened haunted hills of the dying rich, none had the warmth and personality of the one he stood in now. The one where he made all of his deliveries.
“Ready,” he said to Reg.
Reg reached down to the chamber and turned a valve. Excess steam screamed as it was released into the air. The two ghosts from the Holland household appeared. Each of them looked confused.
“Hello, my friends. I have come to show you the way.” Z spoke in a soothing voice. 
“Where are we?” asked the older gentleman. This one was clean and showed no visible signs of his death. Most likely passed of natural causes. His friend, however, looked as if he’d taken a blast to the left side of his face from a large caliber pistol. A hole the size of an apple was set in place where several pounds of flesh, skull, and brain matter had once been. Z hated being able to see through one of them the way he could see through that hole. That blasted hole that still dripped brain and blood as if the wound was made only seconds ago. It reminded him of the anguished spirit from his childhood. He suppressed a shudder before he spoke.
“Why, I’ve brought you to the very bastion of kindness beyond the grave,” Z continued. “A place where sky-soaring trees intermingle with lavish vegetation, dynamic wildlife, and beautifully constructed architecture. A place where the sun sets in radiant hues of purple and gold and the moon rises like a beacon calling long-lost ships to port. A place where the souls of the departed find a second life amongst one another. Another chance at friendship and love. In no uncertain terms, this is Heaven on Earth.”
“Well, can’t we just go to Heaven?” inquired the gunshot victim.
Z shook his head. “I’m sorry, but that is not for me to determine. All I can do is show you the best this plane of existence has to offer and assure you you’ll be happy here with the others.”
As Z said this, he wondered again how odd it must be for Reg to witness him speaking to ghosts that only he could see. Reg looked out into the cemetery and saw nothing but old gravestones. Meanwhile, Z saw thousands of ghosts. 
“But why can’t-,” the gunshot victim started but was cut off by the upraised hand of the other man.
“He provides in his own way, friend,” the old man said. “Clearly this man is a messenger. He’s led us here for a reason. Perhaps it’s one step closer to the Promised Land.”
“Perhaps,” Z said. He felt uncomfortable being compared with a messenger of God but he pressed on. “The point is, there is no need to wander all of England haunting houses and huts. This is your home now. This is where you’ll stay until the answers you seek present themselves to you.”
Gunshot looked around at the grounds. “It does seem nice here.”
“Yes,” the old one agreed. “It’s beautiful.”
The two walked away to explore their new home. The ghost hunter watched them go with a scheming smirk on his face. “You know, Reg, I think I could convince a mother she’s a virgin. It’s all in the way you sell it.”
“I take it they’re stayin’,” Reg said.
“Did you ever have any doubts?”
“Never, sir.”
Z patted his friend’s shoulder. “Come, I’ll buy you a drink.”
“I’ll gladly accept.”
The two men turned back to the carriage, each looking forward to a few days’ rest after their most recent adventure, when several ghosts rushed past them and down the path. Others hovered nearby as if afraid. Z spun around. 
“What is it?” Reg asked.
“The ghosts. They’re acting strange.” Z followed a path that led through a tangle of rose bushes with his assistant close behind. Halfway down the path he caught the scent of something coppery. Blood. He then turned off the path and walked beyond a pair of towering grave markers. 
“Jesus, almighty!” Reg croaked. “I’ve never seen so much blood.”
Z walked around the massive puddle looking for clues. There was something odd about it.
“Can a human body hold that much blood?” Reg asked.
“Not one,” replied the hunter. “I’d say this blood was spilled from three bodies at the least, but that isn’t the strangest thing about it. The soil in this area is soft and loose, yet the blood doesn’t soak into it. It’s almost as if it’s floating over it.”
“What would cause such a thing?”
“A ritual was held here.”
“What kind of ritual?”
The crimson pool started to swirl and a rumble shook the ground. “I have a feeling we’re about to find out.”
The pool churned faster. It bubbled and steamed.
“Hide!” Z cried. 
They lunged behind a large gravestone. An unholy screech came from deep within the puddle of blood. Seconds later, a winged form followed, erupting from the pool like molten lava thrown from a volcanic explosion. The thing was all gnashing teeth, blazing eyes, and billowing smoke with wings that spread bat-like the span of two locomotive cars. It barrel-rolled twice in the air then flapped its massive wings to climb higher into the darkening clouds above. The puddle of blood was now still but remained floating atop the soil. Z surmised that whomever had released the beast made sure they had time to get far away before it appeared and the lack of drained bodies told him the summoner wasn’t working alone.
“What on Earth was that?” Reg asked in a shaky whisper.
“I don’t know.” Z was surprised and relieved that his friend saw the creature as well. He kept his voice steady despite the gnawing fear he felt inside his head. “I’ll wager it's nothing born of this Earth. Strange things are happening, Reg. I fear something big is coming. Let’s get out of here.” 
Reg rushed off without looking back, but the ghost hunter stood and studied the pool of blood a moment longer, absently rubbing the rough stubble on his chin. He turned to leave the gruesome sight but a cloaked figure atop a large gravestone caught his eye. Z walked down the grassy hill toward the shrouded man, being careful not to get too close.
“I don’t suppose you saw who was responsible for spilling all that blood on the ground?” Z asked the ghost.
“They were faceless,” the ghost replied.
“Faceless?”
The ghost seemed to be struggling to find the right words. As if he’d forgotten language in the afterlife. “Hooded,” he finally said. “Covered.”
“How many?” 
The ghost held up two fingers.

CHAPTER SIX

The storm hit with all the suddenness of a rifle blast on a silent night. The sky split open releasing a torrent of rain that soaked Reg before he made it to the shop’s front door, though he was only a block away when it started. Once the carriage came to a stop, Z rushed to the door, unlocked it, and ducked inside before his clothes could match the dampness of his assistant. Reg still had to put up the horses and carriage in the local stable before his night was through, but the gin they’d shared at the inn down the street kept him warm enough for the work. 
The shop itself saw little in the way of paying customers. Most were confounded by the artifacts for sale, while others were just plain offended by them or their colossal price tags. Though Z had collected few of the artifacts himself, he was always on the look-out for the odd drifter/explorer/treasure hunter who may have something good to trade. Most were forgotten pieces from ancient civilizations. Tools that had been fashioned by the hands of someone who existed ages before Z’s time and some items that were more recent yet just as valuable. It was the ancient pieces Z liked the best though. He could sense the people that had crafted the tools. He wasn’t sure if it was a residue of their spirit or some tiny part of their consciousness attached to an object that they’d held dear. He didn’t even know if a person’s spirit was the same as his or her ghost, but he had a feeling it wasn’t, even if ghosts were sometimes called spirits.
Z stepped behind the counter and placed the book of spells he’d received from the shepherd inside the display case right next to the Amulet of Rah and above what was said to be the skull of Prince Vlad Tepes, better known as Vlad the Impaler.
A customer once asked, “With all of the strange items you keep company with in your odd little shop, aren’t you frightened of any of them?”
Z’s answer was quite simple. Only one. The large mirror that he kept against the wall at the far end of the shop. A magic mirror said to be crafted by the powerful witch, Agnes Waterhouse. Seeing ghosts roaming around all his life went far to desensitize him. The mirror, however, was different. There was a darkness to it that made him uncomfortable whenever he neared it. He kept a sheet over it just so he could avoid looking at the cursed thing.
Despite sleeping almost the entire eight-hour trip back to London, Z felt tired and ready for bed. Tomorrow would be a long day. There was much research to do to find the answers to many questions. Like why was a Jiang Shi haunting a cottage outside of London? Who or what was Asmodeus? What was the creature from the graveyard? What purpose did it serve? Who summoned it and where were the bodies that provided so much blood? 
All these things would have to wait until morning when he was rested and his head was clear. Maybe then he would remember at least a couple of tidbits from all the books he’d read on the supernatural over the years. 
Z poured himself another sifter of gin, flopped down on his bed and pushed the racing thoughts from his mind. With little effort and much more gin, he fell asleep.

“They say this is one of the most haunted buildings in all of New York,” Sheila said. Z led her through the doors of St. Mark’s Church in the Bowery. The place was deserted. When he’d told Sheila he could see ghosts she hadn’t believed him. She asked for proof. He could think of no better proof than coming to the cathedral to see the specter that resided there. She wouldn’t see him of course, but she would see something.
“Is that what they say?” Z replied playfully.
She grabbed his arm and moved closer. “I love doing things like this. It all seems so dangerous.”
“I’m glad you approve of this evening’s plans. Most girls would view dinner and a haunting as a bad date.” 
Z led her to a pew four rows back from the pulpit where they sat and waited. The two o’clock hour was drawing near. The time between dinner and the church was spent with the two of them strolling together down the nearly deserted city streets. 
“My father would never allow such things,” Sheila said. She slipped her hand around his arm. “He was a very stern man. He never had time for faith and beliefs. Of course, he also had no imagination. He was a man of science, of sense and reason. According to him, there was no God in Heaven nor Devil in Hell. No fairies or elves. No Santa Claus or Easter Bunny. Most of all, he would say there was absolutely no such things as ghosts. Once you died, that was it. Dead is dead and nothing happened afterward.”
“I wish I was so blissfully ignorant. Instead, I’m cursed with the knowledge that most of these things are real. I can’t speak for Santa or the Easter Bunny of course, but after confronting werewolves and vampires, witches and goblins, I can tell you with complete certainty that these things are real. Though those creatures are less likely to cross your path throughout your lifetime, ghosts are everywhere.”
“Everywhere?”
“Yes. I see them all the time. In every direction I look. Aimlessly wandering through their afterlife, so lost that some can’t seem to break routines they’d practiced in life.” Z pulled the pocket watch from his vest. “Such as the ghost that’s about to visit us now. Keep your eye on the donation plate.”
Just as the hour struck two, the girl appeared through the door behind the pulpit. Right on time. Sheila couldn’t see her of course, but Z could see her just fine, a girl of about twelve with bruises on her throat in the shape of a large hand. You could just make out the outline of the fingers on the left side. The girl walked leisurely over to the collection plate and lifted it in her hands. Sheila gasped. To her eyes, the plate was floating on air and moving back toward the door from which the ghost entered. Then the girl phased back through the door and the collection plate fell to the floor with a loud clang.
“The clergy arrive every morning to find the plate there on the floor,” Z said. “None of them had an explanation for how or why it’s there and all were afraid to see for themselves, so they hired me to find out what was going on.”
“Who is it.”
“A girl that was strangled here in the church.”
“My god!”
“It happened almost five years ago. She volunteered after each sermon to stay and tidy up. One of her duties was to fetch the collection tray. One night, the girl was attacked by her uncle, a man who had shown signs of mental illness throughout his life. Strangled her in the back room as she was about to leave. The Uncle was arrested and met his fate at the end of a rope.
“When I told the clergymen who was moving the collection plate every night, they knew the girl by my description. They chose to leave her alone. They said she was doing one of the things that made her happy in life and they were unwilling to stop that.”
“That is such a heartbreaking story.”
“Yes.”
She weaved her fingers into his. “And you must have hundreds of stories just like it.”
“At the very least.”
There was silence between them for some time then she said, “Take me to a place where there are no ghosts. A place where the two of us could be alone. Do you know of such a place?”
“As a matter of fact, I do.”    

The following morning, Z awoke to someone banging on the shop door, the bell above jingling away as though a horse-drawn sleigh were moving through the front of the store. He pulled himself out of bed as the remnants of another dreamed memory faded from his mind.. The residue of the previous night’s drinks lingered with a dull thud behind his eyes. Walking through the curtain that divided his small apartment from the rest of the shop, he checked his appearance and realized he’d slept in his clothes. Through the shop’s front window, he saw a fat man with a bushy moustache and cupped hands around his face peering in through the glass. When he caught sight of Z coming toward the door, he smiled broadly and nodded his head up and down.
Z pulled the door open a crack and worked to find his voice. “Yes?”
“Morning, govna!” the fat man crooned. “Would you be the monster hunter then?”
“Ghost hunter,” Z corrected. “The monster hunter shop is two blocks north.”
Z started to shut the door, hoping his snide jest would send the man away and he could go back to bed, but the fat man jammed his foot in the door.
“Ghost hunter,” the man said, laughing. “Yes, my apologies. The name’s Z if I’m not mistaken.”
“You’re not.”
“Very good. A colleague of mine is in need of your services.”
“A paying customer?” Z asked, his interest now piqued.
“Wouldn’t be much of a customer if he wasn’t a paying one, now would he?”
Z smiled. “I like the cut of your jib. Please come in. Coffee?”
“No, thank you, I’m more of a tea drinker.”
“Of course. I often forget how popular tea is here.” 
As the man walked in, Z noticed a pale yet pretty woman watching him from the street. She lingered a moment longer then turned up the walk and disappeared in the crowd. Z thought it a strange way for a ghost to act and wondered what connection she had to the large man. He returned to his guest. “Shall we get right to business then?”
“Absolutely. Inspector Charles Grant, at your service.”
“Inspector?” 
“Yes, I’ve been with Scotland Yard near twenty years now.”
“And your colleague?”
“He’s a judge and he’d very much like to meet you in person.”
“An inspector and a judge.” Z tried to recall if he’d recently done anything unlawful.
“I know that look,” Grant said. He laughed heartily. “Don’t worry, you haven’t done anything wrong. Something strange happened to one of the judge’s file clerks Tuesday night. Your expertise, as well as your discretion, would be greatly appreciated in this matter.”
“I take it by ‘strange’ you mean something happened that falls within the realm of the supernatural.”
“According to the clerk, anyway. As no crime was committed, my men and I have no cause for an investigation, however His Honor wishes the matter to be investigated nonetheless. The old clerk was terribly shaken in the night just before it was time for him to leave. He now makes his home in Bethlem Royal.”
Z was taken aback at this news. “Was the event really so stressful?”
“That is what we’re hoping you can determine. Was this an actual supernatural event, or is the clerk just loony?”
“Very well, I’ll get dressed and come along with you directly.”
Z left his guest in the shop and returned to his small flat at the rear. From the mirror over the bathroom basin, a mad man stared back at him. His hair was disheveled, his clothes hung loose and wrinkled, and his eyes looked as if they’d packed bags for an extended holiday. Oh, what the inspector must think of him. 
Moving quickly, he pulled his undershirt and smoking vest off and threw them aside. He splashed water over his face and moved to the closet to retrieve a clean suit. In the end, he felt a long way from his usual dashing and dapper self, but believed he was a notable improvement over the mess that had appeared earlier in the morn. He rubbed at his prickly cheeks and thought he could still use a shave.
As Z rejoined the inspector he was just finishing strapping his gun belts over his hips. The inspector studied the weapons closely. 
“Is everything alright, Inspector?” Z asked.
“I was just noticing the rather interesting accessory to your attire. Do you believe it so necessary to arm yourself in such a way? After all, England is far more civilized than America. We don’t go around shooting each other over card games and whores.”
Z laughed. “This isn’t the first time an Englishman has made the mistake of assuming all of America is like its Wild West. Don’t worry, these guns aren’t set up to defend against mortals.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means I’ve seen a lot of strange things out there, Inspector, and I aim to be prepared if one of those things decides to use me as a host body, plaything, or evening meal. Please,” Z opened the door and ushered the large man out, “lead the way.”

The judge’s office was in the West End. Though the building was well lit by open windows during the daylight hours, Z assumed the night the clerk had his incident that the building was a dark, black hulk of a structure.
Inspector Grant led the way through various work spaces where a seemingly infinite number of clerks, secretaries, and servants busied themselves with the day’s work. One thing Z had noticed since he’d been in England was the amount of servant jobs that were available for anyone so inclined to take one. Even the lower-level employees, such as office clerks, had servants to tend to their every whim. Z once joked to Reg that before long the servants would have servants. His assistant either didn’t get the joke or didn’t think it was funny. Z wished Reg was with him now, he could use a familiar face, but the assistant wasn’t due at the shop until noon.
They went to the third floor and into an office that was double the size of Z’s shop/flat. Grant motioned to the ghost hunter to take a seat in one of the leather armchairs that sat before a large oak desk. Z did so and the tall-backed chair behind the desk spun to reveal a middle-aged, serious-looking man with a large nose and a set of rimless spectacles over his piercing blue eyes. Though the man still bore a full head of hair, the color had gone gray and had gone white around his ears.
“Good morning, Mr. Z,” the judge said. His tone sounded slightly accusatory, but Z chalked this up to strains of the job. “I trust my colleague has filled you in on practically no details as to why I’ve asked you here today. As per my instructions.”
Z leaned forward and raised his eyebrows in confusion. “I’m sorry, was there a question in there?”
The judge scowled at him. “Sir, the fact that you are sitting here before me says that I have a personal stake in this situation. I have moved many appointments with many important people so that I could ensure a proper investigation was launched to find out what exactly happened to my most loyal and trusted employee. My time is invaluable and I’ll thank you not to waste it with stupid questions.”
Z didn’t feel as though it was a stupid question, but he didn’t say so. Instead he only nodded apologetically.
The judge continued. “Let us begin by expunging the niceties. I am District Judge Thomas Long. If you wish to address me it will be as Judge Long not Thomas, Tom, Tommy, or any other variation of my given name that you may be able to concoct. Nor will you refer to me as Your Honor. This is a title reserved for the court. I’d rather a man of your questionable morals not address me at all, but I’ve little choice in the matter at this point.”
This man’s tone offended Z more than he should have allowed and he decided he’d had just about enough of his rudeness. “Forgive me, Tommy, but you don’t know me well enough to make such assumptions.”
Judge Long’s face turned a deep shade of red and Z sensed more than saw the inspector backing away from the desk as if it were the rotting body of a murderer’s victim.
“Inspector,” the judge said, “leave us.”
Inspector Grant wasted no time granting this request. Once the door was closed, Judge Long looked into the hunter’s eyes with smoldering anger. Z tried his best not to look deeply amused, but knew he was failing miserably.
“Mr. Z,” said the judge, “I know much more about you than you think. I would never go into business with a man without first digging up some background on him. I know your name is Zachary Alan Willis. I know you’re the son of a prominent lawyer who moved his life to accommodate the mental anomalies of a sick child. I know that before long, this boy’s madness became too much for the lawyer and his wife to bear, so they made the difficult choice of committing him to a hospital for the mentally insane. I know that you supposedly came to grips with this gift you claim to have and turned it into a profiteering racket. And I know that something drove you out of the States and landed you in England. The details of that event still elude me, however.”
Z’s amusement had evaporated. He did still manage a smile. “It seems your disrespect for me stems from your disbelief in my abilities.”
“Very astute.”
“Then why hire me for this job?”
The judge sat back in his chair and began to recount what he witnessed as he came upon the scene. “When I arrived at this office on the morning that followed the incident, I was met by Inspector Grant and a few of his men. It seemed Mrs. Little, who attends to the cleaning of these offices every morning, came upon our clerk, Mr. Algood, and mistook him for a dead man. He wasn’t dead, of course, and when I arrived the inspector had already pulled the elderly clerk from the building and was working to calm him. With my help, we were able to ease his mind and finally get a coherent explanation, though it was one that I found wildly unbelievable.”
“Go on.”
“He spoke of a man down a dimly lit hallway. The man appeared to be waiting for someone, but when Mr. Algood approached him he disappeared right before his eyes. My clerk said he thought his old mind was playing tricks on him. That he just needed to get home to bed. Then he turned and found all the gaslights going out one by one of their own accord. As he tried to account for the rest he became more and more agitated, but he spoke of a talking, rotting corpse in the darkness. A being that spoke to him only one word. Our poor Mr. Algood then took to repeating this word over and over, seemingly unable to stop.”
“What was the word?” Z asked, though he had a feeling he knew.
“Asmodeus.”
Z felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand at attention. He stood and walked to the office window that looked out on Regent Street. Farther down he could see shoppers gathering in Piccadilly Circus; all this he saw through a haze: it was there in front of his eyes, but his senses seemed to have shut down for the time being. Asmodeus. It was the second time he’d heard the strange name in less than a day’s time. Was it even a name? He didn’t know for sure, he was only assuming, and one should never assume, especially when it came to matters of the supernatural. Something strange was happening. First the Jiang Shi, then the beast in the graveyard, and now this. The three seemed completely unrelated, however…
“Mr. Z,” the judge said, startling the ghost hunter out of his thoughts. “You seem to know something about this. Would you like to share?”
For a moment, Z had forgotten Judge Long was still in the room. “I just returned from a job where I dispatched a very dangerous Chinese spirit. As she burned to her final damnation, she spoke to me the very same word your clerk spoke to you.”
“What does it mean?”
Though Z had not turned from the window, he could tell by his tone that Judge Long’s stern demeanor had been shaken by this revelation. The hunter thought about sharing the event in the graveyard with him but decided against it. “I’m afraid other than that I have no information to share. From here I investigate to find the meaning behind all this. I’ll need to speak with the clerk of course, then I’ll need to study up on a few things. Perhaps ancient myths and long-dead religions. These types of creatures tend to be drawn here by someone else. In many cases a mortal man who wishes to gain power or riches.” 
“Well, all of my not-inconsiderable resources are at your disposal. I wish deeply to get to the bottom of all this ghost nonsense and money is of no concern to me.”
This last bit caught Z’s attention. Finally, he turned to face the judge with a slight grin on his lips. “Non-believers are so hard to convince until they themselves see a supernatural being.”
Judge Long seemed amused as well. “But, my dear ghost hunter, I was under the impression that only you had the gift of sight.”
“I have the rare ability to see ghosts, yes, but the supernatural are not limited to ghosts alone. I hope that someday you will share in my madness.”
Z picked up his hat to leave but was stopped by the judge before he reached the door. “Mr. Z, what business did happen that drove you from America?”
The ghost hunter studied the older man’s face. “A business that is mine alone. It’s something that I cannot share with my closest friend, let alone a man I only just met. Rest assured though, it was nothing illegal and no one save me was hurt as a result.” A lump rose in his throat as he finished his small speech. Swallowing it down, Z wished the judge good day.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Bethlem Royal Hospital was located in South London. Upon Z’s request, Judge Long arranged for a handsome cab to deliver Z to the front gates. Judge Long also apparently sent word ahead, for the administrator of the facility, a Dr. Whincot, met Z at the door.
“Ah, good afternoon, Mr. Z,” the doctor said cheerfully as he shook Z’s hand. “Welcome to Bethlem. I was informed in advance of your request to interview Mr. Algood, however, the patient is in the middle of an examination. If you would, please take a seat in the waiting area.”
Z nodded and found a chair in the corner of the hall that had been designated the waiting area. There he sat for nearly three hours. By the end of his wait, Z was getting suspicious about the doctor and the hospital in general. The place had a reputation for cruelty to its patients; he wasn’t so sure it was the best place for poor Mr. Algood. 
The doctor finally returned to him and bowed awkwardly. “The patient awaits you in one of our visitors’ rooms.”
Z tipped his hat. “Please, lead the way.”
The doctor gave a strange sort of giggle and slid back into the darkened doorway. Z followed, his eyes adjusting to the dimness of the new hall as he neared a wrought iron gate that divided the small lobby from the rest of the hospital. 
The grinning Dr. Whincot turned and eyed Z’s waist. “The revolvers, they’ll have to wait here. We can’t have you taking them in among the unfortunates now can we?”
“I don’t suppose we can.” He slid the belts off his hips and handed them to the guard at the gate. The guns, belts and all, were then folded into a drawer and locked. Z felt a twinge of discomfort having his only means of defense locked up in such a way, though as he walked into Bethlem’s open hallways and spied the many spirits that roamed there, he was most scared of their living counterparts. Many patients of Bethlem were writhing and screaming on the hallway floors. Raving lunatics roamed the darkened corridors like crazed children running amok in a candy store. “This way,” the doctor chortled in a sing-song tone. This was followed by more of his strange tittering and Z was set to wondering if a lunatic was running the asylum. Nevertheless, Z followed, all the while sparing nervous glances at the wailing madness around him. 
Eventually, the pair came to a grimy, metal door with a barred window. Z looked inside to see a frazzled old man rocking to and fro, muttering something inaudible under his breath. Z didn’t have to hear the word to know what he was saying.
The doctor leaned against the door and grinned his maniacal grin. “Right now, our friend, Mr. Algood, is being kept here in the curable ward, but if improvements don’t appear soon he will have to be moved to non-curable.” 
“This is the curable ward?” Z asked.
“Oh yes. The madness on the other ward is something to behold. Did you know the hospital used to sell tickets to see the freaks? Tuesdays were free of course.”
“Of course,” Z said with a humoring smile. He didn’t know why Tuesdays were free, he only wanted nothing more than to be rid of the strange doctor and get on with what he came here to do. “May I?” he asked, motioning to the large handle on the door.
“Certainly,” Dr. Whincot said. But he continued to lean on the door and stare at Z with his beady eyes. Z pulled on the door, managing to move the grinning madman by sheer force and slip inside.
In the little room with the aging clerk, Z focused on what others who had observed Mr. Algood had not seen: the rotting, bloody corpse that hung over the clerk. Z stepped around to the opposite side of the table and sat down in the chair that was placed there.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Algood,” he started. “I’m called Z. Your employer, the judge, he asked me to look into the incident that has led to your current state.”
The old man stopped muttering suddenly and slowly looked up at Z as if just discovering he was there. “Asmodeus!” the clerk cried and as he did so, the thing that hung over him cried in unison with a voice that was rough with ages of decay.
“I see,” Z said casually, ignoring the spirit in the room. In some cases, it was better if the spirit didn’t realize he could see them, in most cases as a matter of fact, and Z had a gift for using this to his advantage. He leaned in closer to the old man. “Please, tell me what you saw that night.”
“Asmodeus,” the man and his creature repeated.
Z sighed. His trick wouldn’t work here. He looked directly into the spirit’s eyes. “Who are you really?”
The rotting thing looked more impressed than surprised, though any expression that could be discerned from his former face was vague at best. “I am The Messenger,” the spirit and the clerk said in unison. “I bring to this realm the disheartening news of my master’s return.” 
“Your master meaning Asmodeus?”
“Yes.”
“Why do you say ‘disheartening news’? Are you not fond of your master?”
“Disheartening for you and all the other unfortunates that live on this world.”
Beyond The Messenger’s cryptic revelations, Z found it odd that he would refer to the living as unfortunates in the same way the doctor had labeled patients in the hospital. Still, he pressed on. “And can we expect others such as yourself? In Asmodeus’ employ, that is to say?”
“The Scout is upon this earth as we speak, all that remains is the coming of Asmodeus.”
“Who exactly is Asmodeus?”
“The bringer of sorrow, the purveyor of despair.”
That didn’t help any. “Yes, but what is he?”
“He is your doom, mortal.”
Z dropped his head with another sigh then stood. “You’re like a politician, never a straight answer.” He went to the door and tapped on it lightly.
“Beware,” the specter said, “The Scout attacks at midnight on the third day after his arrival. This will usher in the reign of Asmodeus.” 
Z studied the corpse and his host once more as the door to the room opened. He turned and joined Dr. Whincot on the other side, the details of the interview turning in his head.
“Well,” the doctor said. “What do you think?”
Z was brought out of his thoughts. “Mmm, oh, yes, doctor. I think I can cure him, but I’d have to gather some equipment and return at a later date. Will you keep him safe here?”
“Yes, of course. What exactly will you do?”
“I’m afraid I can’t divulge that information. Thank you for your help. Now, if you’d please escort me back to the entrance?”
“Yes, this way.”
As the two walked, Z’s thoughts swirled. If The Scout was already here, Z thought he could assume the creature he’d watched appear the previous night in the graveyard was the most likely candidate to be Asmodeus’ eyes before his arrival. Still, the question remained: who was this Asmodeus being? The Messenger certainly wasn’t forthcoming with that information. It was time to delve into the very best literature on all things supernatural and there was only one place in London he could do that.

 Inspector Grant walked home the same way he always did. With his mind at work on his caseload. At the moment, the judge’s file clerk was the furthest case from his mind. He’d already decided to let the ghost hunter do what he could and whatever he dug up that landed within Grant’s capabilities to manage he would manage. He had criminals to catch that weren’t ghosts and goblins.
Grant lived in a modest flat only a few blocks from Scotland Yard. The place was full of furniture and décor that were hand-picked by the woman who no longer lived there. He stepped inside and dropped his key on the desk by the door. Then he moved to the cupboard and took a tin full of biscuits from inside, sat in his favorite chair, and continued reading the collection of short stories he’d been working through. 
After reading for nearly an hour, he put the book down and stood, readying himself for bed. It was early still, but he liked to get an early start. Truth be told, he was home as little as possible, choosing instead to fill most of his days with work. The flat seemed so empty these days. So lonely. Once he was nestled under the covers, he put out the lamp on his bedside table and reached one hand to the other side of the bed. The empty side of the bed.
“How I miss you, love,” he said into the darkness. The tears came as they did every night. “Oh how I miss you.” 

Reg had been at the shop by himself all day. He wasn’t sure where Z had gotten off to and he didn’t really know what else he could do besides keep an eye on the place. Only two customers came in all day. Neither of them wanted to purchase any of the odd trinkets that were found around the shop and Reg was left with little to do besides dust, clean the glass cases and rearrange a few things to make them stand out more. This left him a lot of time to think about the frightening creature he saw emerge from the pool of blood.
The wings were massive, the teeth sharp. Reg couldn’t help but think of the tales of old, many of which his old Uncle Balthazar would tell him when he was a boy. Stories of knights and dragons. Reg had never believed the tales to be real, but he had to admit, this creature made a compelling case for the existence of dragons. Of course, the creature could be something else completely, though still the very species that was mistaken for a dragon all those centuries ago.
Reg came around the corner of the L-shaped room and toward the back wall. Z had covered the mirror and Reg was thankful for that. The thing gave him a peculiar feeling to say the least, and he didn’t need anything more to add to his already frazzled nerves these days . With nothing more to dust, Reg went back behind the counter and sat with his head in his hands. His head was still aching slightly from the previous evening's drinks, so he decided if Z wasn’t back within the next ten fifteen minutes, he’d have a little hair of the dog from the ghost hunter’s apartment. Upon further thought, he decided to make it ten minutes. As daylight faded, his eyes began to get heavy. Reg wondered what the coming days would produce. Why was the dragon here? What would he bring with him? Could he be stopped?

Judge long returned to his home from a long day of work with the sun low in the sky and a bracing chill on the October wind. The chill followed him inside where his fireplace sat unlit and hollow.
“No fire?” he asked his wife as she entered the foyer.
“Cullen is laid up in bed with an awful cold and you know I have no idea what I’m doing when it comes to starting a fire.”
“Alright, then. I’ll get it going. Cullen is getting on in age, perhaps it’s time we look for his replacement.”
“You can’t fire poor Cullen, he’s been with us for nearly ten years.”
“I said nothing about firing the man, I just think he should take on a younger man as an apprentice of sorts. Surely Cullen has had thoughts of retirement at this point. Plus, if he should happen to keel over dead, we’d have a servant ready to take on his duties.”
“Thomas! What an awful thing to say.”
“I’m only being realistic.”
“Well, you’re coming off as just plain mean.”
“A perception seemingly shared by all I come across.” Long began stacking wood and kindling in the fireplace.
“Are you referring to anyone in particular?”
“A man Grant recommended to me. A man who can supposedly see ghosts and has set up a business where he’s paid to capture them. I hired him this morning to look into the incident with Benson. Our initial meeting was fairly rough.”
Beth sat down in the chair beside the fireplace. “You can come off quite gruff to new people.”
Long knew she was putting it mildly to spare his feelings. It was what she did. Bethany Long was the opposite of her husband in many ways. Good-natured and kind, she rarely rubbed anyone the wrong way. In fact, people took a liking to her the second they beheld her pretty face and warm smile. It may even be the very reason the two of them worked so well together.
“How is Benson?” she asked.
“There’s been no change. He still seems to be in this odd trance. Repeating the same word over and over.”
“That poor man.”
Long struck a match and held it to the wood. “Yes. Poor man.”
He reflected on how old Benson Algood had become as well. Long himself was growing rather long in the tooth. There was no denying it, as fond as he was of the people in his life, change was coming. He hated change.
“Lisa is setting supper on the table now,” Bethany said. “I hope you’re hungry.”
“Famished. I’ll be right in.”
Left alone at the fireplace, Judge Long gazed into the flames. He had no idea what the next few days would hold, but he prayed the ghost hunter was wrong. 
     

CHAPTER EIGHT

With the judge’s handsome cab at his disposal, Z wondered where the day had gone as he journeyed next to the home of Mrs. Sylvia Brownstone, a wealthy eccentric with an  obsession for the supernatural. Over her many years, she had amassed a collection of books on the subject that had no equal anywhere else in the world as far as Z could tell. The best part was, as long as Z charmed her and regaled her with tales of his past adventures, she gave him all the time in the world to peruse her collection. Their relationship had started as nothing more than this, but soon grew into something far more fulfilling. She had become a great friend. 
On the southwest side of Brentwood there stood a mansion of red brick and stained glass that Z had heard many praise for its design. The house was built in the early 1850s in the arts and crafts style that was popular at the time, though Sylvia had little interest in art. Her love and knowledge of books, however, was vast and ever growing. As the handsome cab pulled through the gates of the manor, Z smiled. He could see his friend outside near a rosebush, apparently giving her gardener an earful and gesturing wildly with her ivory-handled walking cane. 
She studied the cab as it drew near with an expression that was one part curiosity and two parts suspicion. When she caught sight of Z’s face through the window, her eyes lit up and she clapped her hands.
“Ghost Hunter Z,” she shouted, welcoming him out of the cab. “Truly the fates have smiled upon me today. Have you come with more adventures to share?”
“Even better! I’ve come to request your help in solving a particularly strange case.”
Her eyes went wide. “You need my help?”
“You are the expert on the supernatural.” 
“Well yes, but you’re no slouch yourself. Plus, you have all of that first-hand experience.”
“Even the masters need help from time to time.”
“Well, isn’t this exciting! Come, come. We shall need the help of my books I’m sure.”
Z followed her inside feeling as antsy as a schoolboy about to get his first tug of gin. The Brownstone collection alone had made his move across the pond well worth the trip. Inside, the house was lavish and dust free. Mrs. Brownstone had servants working around the clock to ensure that absolutely no damage came to her books. The amount of money this must have cost seemed of little consequence to the well-off Brownstone family, as long as the collection stayed in pristine condition. Z had heard some critics of the Brownstones who thought this overkill, but the collection housed many editions that were several hundred years old, the worth of which was reputed to be in the tens of thousands. 
When Z had first arrived in London, he was on the lookout for texts on the supernatural. The recommendation of Sylvia Brownstone had come from his landlord, Mr. Nelly, of all people. He’d set up a meeting with Lady Brownstone and the two hit it off immediately. She was hungry for all the stories he had to tell and he was thankful for her knowledge. Especially with her familiarity with all the locations in London that were reportedly haunted, which had helped him nearly as much as her books. Since he’d arrived in London, she and Reg had been the only people who had made him feel welcomed. Sylvia had become a close friend and Z would always be grateful for that friendship. 
The effect was the same every time Z walked through the library door. His heart seemed to stop at the beauty of what was laid out before him. Then with the suddenness of a cannon shot on a silent battlefield, it would thump again, only then it would threaten to burst through his chest. Shelves upon shelves of rare first editions lined the walls of the large room. And though the widow was known for her vast collection on the supernatural, these weren’t the only books she’d managed to track down over all her many years. 
“So,” she said. “What foul beast has got you stumped, master hunter?”
“The name sounds familiar to me,” he began as he ran his fingers along the spines of a shelf full of books. “I’ve heard it twice within the last two days from individual cases that took place nearly a hundred miles apart. Tell me, Sylvia, do you know of a being called Asmodeus?”
Sylvia gently tapped a finger on her pursed lips. She looked deep in thought. “You’re right, it does seem familiar.”
“Yes, it’s almost as if the answer should be too simple but…”
“…but it doesn’t want to be found,” she finished.
Z was glad he wasn’t the only one that felt it. “There is foul magic at hand, dear Sylvia.”
“Yes, but that makes it all the more exciting, doesn’t it? If the answers will not come to us, we shall have to hunt them down.”

They poured through volumes of text well into the early morning hours. Z’s eyes were drooping and he found himself reading the same paragraph several times over. With a heavy grunt, he stood from the plush chair he’d taken hours before and dropped the book he was reading (a thick and detailed text on Hindu gods) on the table between them. Sylvia looked up over the rim of her glasses. She looked just as tired as Z felt.
“I need some air,” he said, “and a pipe, I think. Yes.”
Z pulled his pipe from his inside coat pocket and the pouch of tobacco from the outer one then went to work packing the bowl. Sylvia followed him out onto the veranda and pulled her shawl snugly around her shoulders.
“The chill to this night air will go far in preparing us for a second round,” she said.
Z struck a match, held it to his pipe, and flicked the stick away. “There will be no second round for me, dear Sylvia, not tonight anyway.”
“Yes, I suppose it is awful late. I can’t believe we’ve not come across the answer by now.”
“It’s there, my friend, I can almost taste it.”
“I will get back to it first thing in the morning. The moment I find anything I’ll send word to you.”
Z considered her. “You really are enjoying yourself, aren’t you?”
“Are you kidding? Re-visiting all my books to investigate supernatural events. I’m having the time of my life, and that’s saying something, for I am very old.”
“Yet your spirit rivals that of the youngest tart.”
Sylvia smiled and her cheeks reddened. “You certainly know how to charm the ladies, Z.”
“Yes, it appears I have been bestowed more gifts than any one man should have.”
Sylvia’s face suddenly went serious and she looked around them as if to determine whether or not they were being watched. Then she looked up at him and asked with child-like wonder, “Can you see them now? Are there any near us right at this moment?”
 As much as he loved her, there was no denying she had a macabre fascination with death. He obliged. “A young man is wandering close to your flower garden. In his hand, he holds a notebook. I sense that he was a poet in life. There are no visible signs of how he died, but there is an immense sadness emanating from his soul. I feel he may have died from a broken heart. A love lost that he never recovered from.”
Sylvia looked saddened by Z’s description. “Do you fear this ghost, Z?”
“On the contrary, I look upon him as a kindred spirit. We of the shattered heart and damaged soul find comfort in one another.”
“Z, must you bear your burden alone? Surely speaking to someone about this pain you carry would bring you some comfort as well?”
“Perhaps. And perhaps I deserve no comfort. Perhaps this hole in my heart is atonement for my own stupidity and blindness.”
“I’ll not pretend to know what you feel or even what you refer to, but I’m here for you and always will be for as long as I’m capable.”
She put her arms around his waist. After a moment’s hesitation, he wrapped his arms around her frail frame and felt thankful for her sympathy.

CHAPTER NINE

By the time Z returned to the shop and his waiting mattress, daylight was creeping over the horizon. When he entered the shop, he found Reg on a stool with his head on the counter, his snores bouncing off the wood surface and filling the air with a sound that was unattractive to say the least. “Reggie!” Z shook his shoulder. With a snort, Reg sat bolt upright and looked around the room as if trying to get a grasp on his surroundings. 
“Hey, Z,” he said. “I was gettin’ worried ’bout ya. What happened?”
“I was recruited by force early this morning. There was once a judge who had a clerk, who had a nightmarish run-in with a nasty messenger.”
“Oh? Is this a case we stand to make money from?”
“But of course.”
“Good then.”
“Yes. I spent the day talking to the clerk as well as the messenger who’s now tied to him, and then I hit the books trying to figure out what in Hell is going on. Or, maybe, what’s going on in Hell?” Reg gave Z a look that said he wasn’t quite following, but Z had neither the strength nor the desire to explain it to him at that moment. “I’ll fill you in more after I get some rest.”
“Alright. What should I do?”
“Whatever pleases you until I wake up.”
Z walked through the curtain to the back. He then called out to Reg. “Reg! Thanks for worrying.”
Reg called back. “It’s me job, right?”
Z flopped on his bed. Sleep, in all its disturbing glory, was instantaneous.

Upon awakening, Z immediately set about making a bath. He steamed several pots of water in the fireplace and filled the tub. He dropped in and laid his tired head back against the rim. It was quiet there. When he had first arrived in London his main goal had been to find a place to rent that was both an ideal spot for the shop and had not one specter or creeping ghost haunting its inner walls. A difficult task in a city as old as this one.
The water’s warmth felt good over his body, but his mind went to the same place it always went. His love. His lost love. How he missed her. And it seemed no amount of company with other women could drive away his desire for her. Z wasn’t sure he wanted it to.

Sheila stepped carefully out of the carriage with the guidance of Z’s helpful hand. “Oh, it’s such a beautiful spot. Do you take all of the ladies out here?”
“No, actually, you’re the first. My father bought this land decades ago. The cottage is around the bend there.” He pointed to a dirt road that ran alongside a babbling brook. “I thought we could take a nice stroll the rest of the way.”
“That sounds lovely.”
Z waved to the driver, who gave him a strange look before pulling away. Z stared off after him a moment then his lovely companion recalled his attention. “Are you coming?” she called.
“I don’t believe my driver approves of romantic getaways between the unmarried.”
“Some people are old fashioned, not much we can do about that.”
“Right.”
“Come, show me the cottage where you spent so many childhood summers.”
Z held out his arm and Sheila slipped one hand into the crook. Together they walked, with the sun shining down on their path, the leaves swaying in a pleasant breeze, and the birds chirping the coming of spring.
After a half-mile, the dirt road widened and on its left side there sat a small cottage nestled within a family of blossoming birch trees. Sheila ran forward and stood, taking the view of the place. 
“Oh, it’s so quaint,” she observed. “What a pleasant area this is.”
Z smiled as he watched her, green eyes gleaming, radiant smile spread across her face. She turned and saw the lake and her smile suddenly faltered. Now she stopped and only stared, troubled by something on the water.
“What is it?” Z asked. He moved closer to her and looked out at the lake where she was staring.
Sheila’s head tilted slightly. “I don’t know, exactly. There’s something familiar about this place. When I stare out at the lake I feel…darkness…fear…”
“Odd,” Z said. “I’ve known nothing but happiness here on this bank.”
Sheila shook her head. “It’s nothing, I’m sure. Let’s get settled in.”

Inside, the cottage was pristine and welcoming. “Ah, I knew old Sam would come through for me. He’s the caretaker. I sent word ahead of our arrival.”
“It’s just beautiful,” Sheila said, though Z sensed she was still disturbed by whatever it was she felt while looking at the lake. After dropping her case on the floor, she moved to the bed that stood at the rear of the open cottage and slid down on it. Z stared at her curvaceous form with a longing he’d not felt before. She held up one finger and beckoned him to join her. With his usual style and grace, he glided down next to her and ran a hand over her hip. 
“You are truly a vision,” he said.
“I’m no vision, my love. I’m the real thing and I want you.”
Z needed no further invitation. He wasn’t great in a physical fight, he was clumsy and, more often than not, he just got lucky. Love making, though, was where he felt his real talents were. He approached it as an art form and worked in passion the way other artists worked in oils or clay. The woman in his arms was a tool. A gateway to ecstasy. An instrument to be played to a crashing crescendo of joy, and Z was a master musician. 

While Sheila lay spent and sleeping in the bed, Z drew smoke from his new pipe and stared out at the stillness of the lake. He loved the cottage and the surrounding wilderness. It was the most secluded place he knew on the planet and that meant there was nary a ghost in sight. It was the very reason his father had bought the land and built the cottage, after he had come to believe in his son’s inexplicable gift. A great calmness seeped into the hunter there on that porch. He had his woman, his pipe, the peaceful view, and nothing for miles to give him nightmares.
Suddenly, he felt small hands slide around his waist and a woman’s head rest on his back. At the first hint of the touch, he thought the worst. That perhaps some poor soul had wandered up to the cottage and died of starvation or some thugs had dumped a victim nearby and the lost soul now hung around for revenge or redemption, whichever came first. Then he turned and looked into the pulchritudinous face of the woman he’d brought along with him.
Sheila wrapped her arms around him and pressed her head to his chest. “Can we stay here forever?”
Z laughed. “If you wish it I will make it so.”
“What did you have planned for the rest of the afternoon?”
“I thought we’d take a romantic boat ride to the island in the lake and have ourselves a picnic.”
She pulled away. Uncertainty washed over her face.
“We can pass on that, though,” Z continued. “I don’t want you to feel forced if you fear the water.”
“It’s not the water I fear. I’m actually a great swimmer, I just feel strange about that lake. But, I’m not going to let it ruin our romantic getaway.”
“Are you sure?”
“Of course. I’ll prepare a basket while you ready our vessel.”
Z gave her an exaggerated salute. “Aye aye, cap’n!” he said and turned toward the boathouse with the sound of her infectious laughter following him. “There should be a basket in the pantry,” he called over his shoulder.
Within the hour, they were out on the lake, Z rowing with the deft precision of a seasoned veteran and Sheila looking lovely before him in her sundress with matching parasol. Z smiled at her and she smiled back, but she still seemed uneasy being on the lake. Suddenly, she turned and looked toward the island.
“What is it?” Z asked.
Sheila sighed heavily then looked back at him. “Can you take us around to the far side of the island?”
“I can. Is there any particular reason?”
“Just a feeling.”
Z had a feeling as well now. A bad feeling. The island wasn’t very big, no more than a narrow beach and a small patch of trees, but he’d seen too many strange things in his time to not feel uneasy about Sheila’s hunch.
Z used the oars to make a wide arch and as they rounded the far end of the island, Sheila pointed to a narrow groove between the protruding tree roots. “Over there, I’m sure of it.”
“Sure of what?”
“I don’t know yet.”
The boat bumped lightly against the roots. Sheila pointed into the water. “There! What is it?”
Z moved in beside her and looked down into the water. There, just below the surface, was something dull and white. The ghost hunter reached down and wrapped his hand around it. Pulling, he discovered the object was mostly buried in the sand and mud. He pulled harder and the thing gave way. When he lifted it to eye level, he sat back on the boat’s bench. “I-it’s a human ribcage.”
“It’s more than that,” Sheila said in a dreamy voice.
Z turned, fearing what she was going to say next.
Sheila reached out and touched the bones with one trembling hand and said with absolute certainty, “It’s my rib cage.” 

CHAPTER TEN

Z sat up in the bathtub, unable to breathe. Had he gone under? If so, how long was he submerged? With a violent shudder, he coughed and a pint of water gushed from his mouth. Then precious air filled his lungs and his racing heart slowed. The images from his memory lingered, however, heart wrenching and shameful.
There was a wrapping at the door. “Mister Z?” Reg’s voice called. “Ye alright in there?”
“I’m fine,” Z returned in a gravelly voice that wasn’t his own.
“Right,” Reg shouted. “Well when yer finished, ye ‘ave a visitor out ‘ere.”
Z didn’t answer but listened as his assistant’s heavy boots walked away. With a sigh, he finished his bath, dried himself, and got dressed, being sure to fasten his revolvers over his hips. The flashes of his past were taking his already raging paranoia up a few notches. 
When he entered the parlor, Z was not surprised to see the hulking form of Inspector Grant standing near the door, though he was hoping for word from Sylvia about their perplexing, elusive being of supernatural origin.
“Inspector,” Z said with forced politeness. “What brings you to our humble little parlor?”
“The judge has sent me, Mr. Z. He would very much like an update on the case you’re working and he’d like it from no one other than the ghost hunter himself.”
“Surely he realizes little can be accomplished in only a day’s time.” Though this was typically true, Z had actually uncovered quite a lot. For some reason, he wasn’t in a sharing mood. Judge Long seemed more than a little cantankerous and Z wanted to be in his presence as little as possible.
“And yet, here I am.”
“Of course,” Z studied the giant officer. “You really are no more than a puppet, aren’t you? A tool for your master’s own designs.”
Z had wished to upset the brute, but he was sorely disappointed in Grant’s response. “We are all puppets, Mr. Z, even you. And your master wishes to stay abreast of the current situation.”
Z conceded the point with a nod. “Very well. Lead the way, Inspector.” As the hunter left the shop he turned back to Reg. “Keep an eye on things. Hopefully I won’t be gone long.”
“O’ course.”

The reception at the judge’s offices was just as lacking in warmth as the day before, though Judge Long was in a slightly more jovial mood as he thumbed through volumes of law books. “Ah, the famed ghost hunter has returned. What news, my friend?”
“Judge, I must put an end to daily updates now before they start. It greatly impedes any progress I may be making elsewhere.”
“Consider it noted, but for today, since you’re already here, have you found anything useful?”
Z sat down in one of the plush chairs across from the judge’s desk with a heavy sigh. “I have discovered a few details, actually.”
Judge Long dropped a book on the desk and took his seat, staring now at Z with rapt attention. “Go on.”
“The being that your clerk came into contact with calls himself ‘The Messenger’ and I spoke to him.”
“Really? And what exactly did he tell you?”
“That a creature he referred to as ‘The Scout’ is upon this earth to usher in the arrival of a being called Asmodeus. He claims The Scout will wreak havoc upon all of London three days after its arrival. I believe I witnessed this arrival two nights ago.”
“How convenient,” the judge sneered.
“To bring beings like this into our world takes rituals and human sacrifice performed by mortals, so it’s safe to say we are also dealing with murder. Several murders in fact. It would be the only explanation for the amount of blood used in the summoning.” 
“So, this attack would take place tomorrow night?”
“At midnight, yes. This would announce the coming of Asmodeus, who would bring sorrow and despair to the unfortunates of this world.”
“This creature told you this?”
“I’m paraphrasing, but yes.”
“And who is this Asmodeus?”
“That is still unclear. The being that has possessed your clerk was unwilling to go into details about his master, however I have been using all of my considerable resources to discover the origin of the name and the being.”
The judge sat back in his chair and pondered this. “Let’s say this eventual attack on London is a real threat, what steps could we take to prevent it?”
Z smiled at the ignorance of the man sitting behind the desk. Those that didn’t understand the supernatural often assumed, albeit incorrectly, that there had to be some easy solution to be rid of them. “If some being from another realm has decided to wage war on the living, there is nothing we can do to stop it. That’s not to say we can’t get rid of him, though. Once I’ve discovered this foul creature’s history, I will uncover a weakness, of that you can be sure.”
“How can I be sure?”
“Your Honor, only gods are all powerful. Others can be driven away, captured, or killed by various means, all of which are unconventional. Some of these means are completely ridiculous, but I’ve used them and they’ve worked.”
Judge Long still looked uncertain. “Very well, ghost hunter, I leave it in your hands and pray you know what you’re doing.”
“Yet you still have trouble believing what I say.”
“I will simply look at it the way I look at Christianity. Better to believe and find it to be false than to disbelieve and find out it’s all true.”
“Ah, faith by default, truly you are as wise as they say.”
“Sarcasm and snide remarks aside, Mr. Z, I find myself growing rather fond of you and your company.”
Z was taken aback by this. “Beg your pardon?”
The judge stood and walked around the desk and to the window. Without looking at Z he spoke. “You are a sad sort of fellow, below your dashing, ladies man routine. You’ve had your heart broken by a woman you loved and I find camaraderie in that. In lost love, we are brothers in arms.” The judge turned then and, crossing his arms, leaned against the window frame and studied the ghost hunter’s face. “When I was but thirty-six, many many years ago, I was married to a woman going on fifteen years that I surely loved at one time, though at that point we were only gliding along. Doing what was expected from husband and wife. We had three children together and I had clawed my way from poverty and despair to become a prominent lawyer and respected citizen. She was with me through all of these struggles and we had a relationship that everyone around us envied, even though neither of us realized we were both growing bored with it. We were unhappy.
“Of course, with this rise in status came a higher class of friends and she left me sitting at home alone more and more often as the months went on. We started to have our troubles where there were none before. Arguments where before we spoke nothing but niceties to one another. Then one day she told me she didn’t love me anymore.”
Z suddenly saw Judge Thomas Long in a new light. This was a man who had been crushed by a woman he’d resigned himself to sharing his life with until death did them part.  Tears rose in his eyes as if he were reliving the entire moment over again in his mind. 
“No mortal on Earth nor God in Heaven could know the anguish I felt at that moment,” the judge continued. “We tried a little longer after that to save the marriage, but we knew it was over. Then she left me. In one fell swoop I’d lost my wife and my family. The months that followed were…dark, to say the least. I felt certain I’d never again sleep either sober or alone. I contemplated suicide. I contemplated disappearing to another country, but my children were young and they still needed their father.
“Eventually, I found someone else who made me realize I’d had no idea what real love was before her. I was a delusional fool who had been married to the wrong person. And here was this amazing woman who’d had children of her own from a previous marriage, who was perfect for me in every way. After a time, I found all those old dark clouds were gone and I felt for this new woman a love greater than anything I’d ever experienced before. She was wonderful. Still wonderful today, as a matter of fact, as my current wife. So, you see, all hope isn’t lost, young ghost hunter. You can find love a second time and it may be even better than the first. It may be the real thing.”
Z wasn’t sure why the judge had shared so much with him, besides the life lesson he’d tacked on the end of his story. Perhaps this was his way of prying into Z’s story. Z took a shuddering breath and let it out slowly. Then he spoke. “I’ve known many women intimately in my time. She was not the first, but I was ready to make her the last. So, I think our stories are slightly different, Judge Long.”
“How so?” 
“I fell in love with a ghost.”
Judge Long looked as if he were hit in the face with a rolled-up newspaper. “Come again?”
“I had a romance with a woman who I had mistakenly assumed to be alive. I danced with her. I made love to her. It was only after I’d unwittingly led her to her own dead body that I’d discovered the truth. It then occurred to me that no one else had ever spoken to her. They’d only addressed me when we were together. They would offer me strange looks when I spoke to her or held her hand. How ridiculous I must have looked dancing with air and kissing nothing.”
Z felt his emotions coming unhinged. His voice quivered and his eyes burned and a familiar rage was building in his mind to match the familiar ache in his heart.
“I don’t know what to say,” Judge Long whispered.
“The worst part is that I genuinely cared for her. I was going to marry this girl, I was certain of that, but in the end, it was my curse that had gotten the best of me. She seemed so real. So alive.”
“Zachary,” the judge said. Z looked up, shaken from his memory and startled to hear his full name from the older man’s lips. “If it was truly love that you felt for this woman, would it have mattered if she were dead or alive?”
Z was astounded by the question. The last thing he would have taken the judge to be was a hopeless romantic, but there it was. “It matters to me,” Z answered. “If only because I know from experience that no ghost can be trusted.”
“Was she even aware that she was a ghost?”
Z smiled. “You are full of surprises, Judge Long. You’re hardly the rough exterior that you wear.”
“That is something that stays between the two of us,” the judge said returning the smile. “Would you like a drink?”
“Please.” 
Judge Long stepped behind a small bar, pulled two glasses, filled them with ice, and poured an ample amount of bourbon into each. “You didn’t answer the question. Was she aware that she was a ghost?”
Z took the bourbon, swallowed a bit and sighed. “No, I don’t believe she knew.” 
“Then it is possible that her affection for you was just as real as yours was for her and there was no deceit intended.”
“I suppose, but in the end, it was a step away from madness and my natural reaction was to run the other way.”
“To London.”
“That’s right. A ghost is anchored to their mortal body. They can travel some distance away from it, but an entire ocean is out of the question.”
“Why, of all the ghosts in the wide world are you so terrified of this one?”
Z thought about this question carefully before answering, then said, “I suppose it isn’t the ghost I fear, but my feelings for her and what I would be forced to do if she continued to haunt me.”
The judge sat back and studied the hunter. “I believe.”
“Sorry?”
“When you first walked into my office I thought you a hoax. A charlatan out to gain attention and money and fame. I see now that you are a sad sort and that this gift you have has tormented you all your life.”
“An accurate observation, Judge Long,” Z said quietly. “To be honest, I wish I could be rid of it altogether. It isn’t right, the joy I get from hunting these poor souls, most of whom want nothing more than to know why they can’t move on to the land they were promised in life. There are evil ones, as there are other creatures out there that want to do harm, but most are just…lost.”
“So, why hunt the harmless ones?”
“Because the clients don’t see them as good or bad, they just want the ghost gone from their homes. And because they pay well and a ghost hunter has to eat.”
“As good a reason as any.”
“I suppose.” Z finished off his drink and sat the glass down on the bar. “I appreciate the drink and the conversation, but I should get back to work.”
“Of course.” The judge placed a hand on Z’s shoulder as they walked toward the door. “Let me know of any new developments, will you?”
“I will.”
“And though I’m a busy man, I would make time for you should you need me, my friend.”
They shook hands. “Thank you, Judge.”
With that, Z left the offices with a great weight lifted from his shoulders. As a matter of fact, he felt better than he had in ages. It was a feeling that was to be short lived.

When he returned to the parlor, Z was surprised to find that Reg had wandered off, leaving the place unattended. It was unlike him, but with the total lack of customers that the place often saw, Z assumed he must have needed a bathroom break and felt it safe to take one. He moved through the shop and into the windowless office that stood beyond. Leaving the door open for some light from the late evening sun, Z pulled a lantern from the corner of the desk, lit it with a match, and replaced the glass over the flame. Next, he pulled a piece of paper, quill and bottle of ink from the desk drawer and proceeded to write a letter to Sylvia Brownstone.
Suddenly, there came a rustle of fabric from one darkened corner of the office. Z stood and shone the lantern light into the corner. The light from the lamp lit upon a familiar face. The woman who stood in the corner of his office had haunted his dreams for four years. He nearly dropped the lamp but instead managed to sit it back down on the desk despite the shaking urgency in his hands.
“Zack,” Sheila said in her lovely voice as she moved into the doorway, the daylight behind her creating a sensuous silhouette. 
Z breathed heavily. Backing away, shaking uncontrollably, he watched as the shadowy figure stepped toward him. Impossible. How could she be here now? How could she cross an ocean? Only it was possible and he knew that. Just as it was possible for the Jiang Shi, a Chinese specter, to show up on a sheep farm in a small England town. The rules were changing.
Z pulled the revolver from his right hip and pointed it at the woman he once loved. The woman he found he still loved.
“Zack, please!” Sheila cried. “I know what you think, but if you pull that trigger I will die.”
Z cocked the hammer back. “Sheila?”
Now her voice was a tear-filled whimper. “Please, Zack. Please listen to me.”
Z’s mind was beginning to crack. The “gift” had taken him too far this time. With his heart racing and tears running down his cheeks, Z aimed the gun and pulled the trigger.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Rupert Bloomy had been homeless for nearly a decade. He spent most of his time on the bank of the River Thames, standing around a fire, drinking rum, and sharing stories with his fellow tramps. Sure, the river stank to high heaven, but it was a stench you got used to over time. As far as Rupert was concerned, it was a life more preferable to working for a living. He had his friends and his booze, and every once in a while, he’d come up with a bit of extra coin to pay for a whore in the East End or some time in an opium den.
On this night, Sir Charles, the only name the old codger would answer to for he claimed he’d been knighted at a young age, Eddie, and Lawrence were in attendance and Rupert knew it would be a great night. Eddie was the funny one and often had them in stitches the whole night long.
“Well, what a mangy collection of mangy mutts we ‘ave ’ere,” Rupert shouted cheerfully. They greeted him kindly in turn although Sir Charles clearly took offense to being referred to as a “mangy mutt”. The others laughed as he scoffed and Rupert raised his voice over all of them. “Pass the rum ‘round, for October is a cruel bitch when the sun goes down and I needs to warm up now before she’s all gone.” 
The others laughed again and Eddie passed a bottle over to Rupert, who was feeling giddy for some reason and felt like he could be the funny one for a change. “No rum this time, mate. We’re living it up right tonight.”
Rupert studied the bottle of premium Scotch. “Did the knight use some o’ ’is royal connections?”
Fresh laughter hit the group, though Sir Charles only stared on, not the least bit amused. “As a matter of fact,” the knight said, “I did look up an old friend from my glory days. We reminisced over dinner and he gave me this bottle as a gift. Now I have decided to share this gift with you three despite your constant ridicule.”
“We’re all very sorry, ol’ chap,” Rupert said. “It’s deeply appreciated, it really is.”
The others agreed and after confirming Sir Charles was satisfied with the apology, Rupert took a long swig of the drink. Just as the pleasurable burn lined his throat, a loud crash filled the air around them.
“What in the ‘ell was that?” Lawrence asked.
“It came from below,” Sir Charles pointed out. 
The four men moved closer to the edge of the bank and looked below to the flowing river. There beneath them was a sewer grating that had a stench of rotten meat drifting into the air from within. The crash came again and this time the men saw the large grating tremble and buckle as if it were hit by something large.
The four of them glanced at each other, all gripped by a fear they now shared as if they’d suddenly become a being of singular consciousness. The grating took another forceful hit and this time it was ripped from the brick wall and sent skipping across the river like a rock from a child’s hand. 
What Rupert saw next would haunt his nightmares for the rest of his mortal life. The creature that crawled from the tunnel was the color of oozing puss. Protruding from its lipless mouth were hundreds of needle-like teeth set just below a pair of beady black eyes. It screeched into the cool, October air and Rupert felt his bladder let loose, filling his pants with warmth.
The monster clawed its way out of the tunnel and spread open huge, leathery wings. It shook its head like a dog just in out of the rain and let loose another foul scream at the moon. Then with a surge of its wings, it lifted off the ground and rose into the clouded sky.
The four men stared after the thing in awe for a moment then Sir Charles passed out, falling at the feet of his hapless friends. They looked down at their unconscious friend then up at each other. With the timing of an old hand at the comedy game, Rupert said, “Some knight.”
Mad laughter filled the air.

 Asmodeus could see the light.
 The excitement was building in him. He associated the feeling to that of a baby being born. If any human child could remember the feeling, no doubt this is how they’d describe it. Euphoria for the senses. For some beings it was easy, moving from one realm to another, but for demons, real demons, a summoning had to be performed. Possessions were one thing, any demon could project themselves in ethereal form. But to emerge from the mysterious membrane between Hell and the realm of the living, to be called forth in physical form by the spilling of blood and ritual summoning, was something else entirely.
How long had it been? A voice spoke up in his head.
Asmodeus had no idea who the voice belonged to. Someone from his past he was sure, but with a past that stretched through eons, it was hard to recall all names and faces. It was hard to remember every voice.
Centuries, he thought in answer to the voice. Not sense…
Her.
Asmodeus tried to push the voice aside. He had no interest in thinking about her. There were far more important things to ponder. He couldn’t allow any weakness to seep into his plans.
But she was so beautiful. That thick, black hair. Those full, pouty lips. That smooth, dark skin. And the breasts. Huge and supple. How you loved to fondle and lick them. And let’s not forget-
Her heart.
The woman was love incarnate. Full of kindness and warmth. The complete opposite of Asmodeus in every way. They should have been natural enemies, but there was something about her he couldn’t leave alone. 
She was different.
She was his. 

CHAPTER TWELVE

Z was never exactly graceful in a fight and, in fact, it was often sheer luck that pulled him out of a lot of scrapes. However, he was well known in his homeland as an excellent marksman. Though he’d left them behind when he moved his life to London, the ghost hunter had won a number of trophies and awards for his deadly accurate aim. Thus, it came as a surprise to him now that he’d missed his intended target altogether.
Z looked down at his hand with the revolver in it. There was a shake to it he’d never experienced before. It wasn’t fear, of this much he was sure, but a madness was upon him. Something primal that tainted his focus. With some effort, he looked up at the shadowed figure before him. In the lamp’s light, he could just make out her facial features and the gleam of tears running down her cheeks.
“Please, Z,” Sheila pleaded in a small voice. “Please.”
Z cocked the hammer back again and forced the tremble out of his hand by sheer will. As he raised the barrel again, Reg rushed into the room. “What’s all this noise ‘ere?”
“It doesn’t concern you, Reg. Now move aside before you get hurt.”
Reg gave Z a strange look then turned to address the woman standing next to him. “Ma’am, are ye alright?”
Confusion hit Z like a fist to the stomach. “You can see her?”
“Well o’ course I can.” 
“Z,” Sheila spoke, now with her voice slightly steadier. “If you would just stop and listen to me. I’m not what you think. I’m flesh and bone and I’ve been trying to track you down these past four years.”
“But your body. We found your body, you said so yourself.”
“If you would lower your gun we could have a civilized conversation about the whole thing.”
Z carefully set the hammer down and lowered his gun ever so slightly.
“I swear to you, Z, I am just as alive as you are. Please.”
Still studying his lost love with confusion and uncertainty, Z lowered the pistol back into its holster. Slowly, he walked forward and stared down at the woman before him. With a trembling hand, he ran his fingers along her cheek. Her skin was warm and wet with spilled tears. Then he was touching her hair, soft and full. 
“Sheila,” Z whispered and heard the crack of emotion in his voice.
Sheila smiled and fresh drops spilled over her cheeks. Then, unable to resist it anymore, Z pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply. 

“When you ran away, I knew what you must have thought,” Sheila began over coffee. And though it was a minor victory in the greater scheme, Z was glad to have someone to share a coffee with. “I knew about your abilities, after all. To be honest, I wasn’t so sure what to think myself. The weeks that followed were full of confusion over you, the remains we found, and what I should do next.”
“What did you do?”
“I wanted to get to the bottom of it all. Why was I committed to the idea these bones were mine? I was alive after all and that had actually taken some serious convincing, believe me. There was a man in town who had grown a reputation as a hypnotist. This is how I found the answers I was looking for.”
Z wondered just what it was the hypnotist had helped her remember. “I’d like to see for myself what happened.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, I’m a rather good hypnotist myself. It seems our last four years could have been spent together if only I’d thought of this instead of running from my…fear.”
“Don’t blame yourself, Z. You couldn’t have known.”
He studied her pretty face and looked down at his hands, which were now as steady as they’d ever been. “How would you feel about me hypnotizing you right now?”
“Now?”
“Things are different when I do it. I’ll be with you the entire time. We will travel through your mind as if we’re strolling hand in hand through a park.”
She shrugged at this. “Well, that doesn’t sound so bad.”
“It’s not really. Things seem to take on a strange…design, but it’s pleasant. Calming to the senses.”
“Why is it different with you?”
“I can’t say, but I’m sure my unique abilities play a part in it.”
The two stared at each other for a few minutes in silence before a smile formed on Sheila’s lips. 
“What is it?” Z asked.
“You. I can’t believe I’m here with you.”
“I’m finding it a little hard to believe myself.” Z took Sheila’s hands in his and looked deep into her pretty, green eyes. “Are you ready?”
Sheila took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Yes, I’m ready.”
“Alright. Look deep into my eyes.”
“Well, I like this so far.”
Z smiled and continued. “Listen closely to the sound of my voice. You will feel a calm wash over you. Embrace it. You’ll feel darkness creep over you. Hold it like a lover. Remember, there is nothing to fear. I’m right beside you, hand in hand. Now close your eyes and open them to a different world.”

Sheila felt a change. Even through her eyelids she saw the shift in the light. The dimness that bled into the bright room around her. The wavering light that seemed to exist from the bottom of a pool. In an instant before she opened her eyes she felt an icy terror grip her heart as if she were about to drown again. What she saw, though, was both comforting and relieving to her senses.
The land surrounding her was made of paper. The foliage on the trees were cut from sheets of varying colors. Red and orange. Yellow and brown. They swayed on a pleasant breeze and fell to the ground, coming to rest on green paper cut in the shape of grass.
Above them, hundreds of paper stars hung in the sky, their light pulsing faintly, nestled around a large, paper moon that shone a brilliant, harvest light on the scene below. As Sheila walked into this impossible paper wonderland, she realized Z was walking right beside her, his hand in hers.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“We are in your mind. More specifically, the part of your mind that houses the deepest secrets of your life, even the ones you don’t know yourself.”
Suddenly, shadowy figures surrounded them. On the edge of the paper land. By sight they seemed intimidating, but their presence was soothing. “Who are they?”
“People from your past. Friends and loved ones, both living and dead, that you keep in your memory.”
Sheila tried to catch a glimpse of their faces, but they always seemed just out of sight. She and Z walked on through the paper land to a paper lake that lay ahead of them. Sheila knew the lake just as she’d known it when Z had taken her to his parents’ cabin. Once Z and Shelia made it to the edge of the paper lake they stopped and waited for the memory they were looking for to begin.
A boat appeared on the water carrying two men and a woman, all made from paper. The woman appeared to be unconscious and as one of the men steered the boat around a distant island, the other was hastily binding heavy rocks to her wrists and ankles.
“Look at their clothes, Z,” Sheila said.
Z looked on but frowned and shook his head. 
“They’re pilgrims,” she explained. “Early settlers in the New World.”
“It’s you, but not in this life.”
“Yes. That’s what the hypnotist discovered.”
“Reincarnation?” Through all he’d learned and seen, reincarnation had never fit with the afterlife as he understood it.
Suddenly, a violent explosion rocked the paper world. All of the paper leaves fell from the paper trees. The paper moon dropped limply from the sky.
Z looked around wildly. “We have to wake up. Quickly take my other hand and close your eyes.”
Sheila did what Z said and soon felt the paper world fall away from her feet.

Z’s first thought was that The Scout had attacked early. Ahead of the schedule The Messenger had offered by a full day and a half. He quickly got to his feet and shook his head to drive away the disorienting feeling of returning to reality. 
“Wow,” Sheila said, her head in her hands. “It really is different with you.”
Z smirked at her as she looked up at him. “It’s been a while since I heard you say that.”
“Behave yourself,” she returned with reddened cheeks.
“Come, let’s go find out what the devil that explosion was.”
Sheila took his hand and let him lead the way outside. On the street, many people were walking and in some cases running to the south, where smoke billowed into the sky only a few blocks from the parlor.
“Come on, and stay close to me.”
Fear had gripped the hearts of Londoners. Z saw it on their faces. Fear of the unknown. Fear of a violent event that had occurred just a few more blocks away. There was still confusion in that fear, so Z was certain what had happened wasn’t clear at the moment and if it had been the winged creature he’d seen in the graveyard, there would be panic to go along with that fear.
When Z rounded the corner onto Whitehall Place he stopped at the sight of the Metropolitan Police headquarters, also known as Scotland Yard, in shambles. Then he rushed forward, wanting only to help any survivors in the rubble. Though his hand had slipped from Sheila’s, he felt her right behind him. As they neared the smoking hole at the front of the building, a familiar figure came tumbling out, coughing into a handkerchief that covered his mouth and nose.
“Inspector Grant!” Z exclaimed. “What’s happened?”
“I don’t know.” This was followed by a ragged coughing fit. “The place just blew from the inside. I haven’t the slightest idea what could have caused it.”
“There must be others inside.” Z started forward. Grant grabbed his arm before he could get too far. “Better to let the professionals handle it, Mr. Z.”
“But they haven’t even arrived yet. There could be people in need of medical attention in there.”
“Yes, but you are no doctor or rescue worker, you are a citizen.”
“I’ve been in more dangerous situations, I can handle it.”
“Of course you could, lad, but answer me this, would you be able to tell the living ones from the dead?”
Z hadn’t thought of this. And though Grant’s comment seemed a guess, he actually hit closer to home than he knew. After all, hadn’t he just discovered he’d mistaken a living woman for a dead one these last few years? Hadn’t he nearly shot her when he discovered her waiting in his office? Z looked at Sheila with guilt blooming in his chest cavity then at the officer with a nod. “Point taken. I wonder if this could be related to my case.”
“You mean the one the judge hired you for? Have you ever seen a ghost do something like this?”
“Not a ghost, no.”
Sheila moved beside Z just as the fire rescue team arrived. “What have you gotten yourself into?”
Z rubbed a hand over his face, feeling suddenly exhausted from the past week’s events. “It’s a long story.”
Just as the inspector tried to get his labored breathing under control, a young officer came running to his side. “Sir, a note was delivered by messenger. An Irish terrorist group is claiming responsibility for the attack.”
Inspector Grant took the letter from his hand. After reading the note he looked to Z. “Well, it appears this mess is not the work of ghosts and goblins after all.”
“What does it say?” Z inquired.
“What it says doesn’t concern you, Mr. Z.” Grant stepped forward and placed a hand on Z’s shoulder, after another fit of coughing he said, “Go on with your own case, sir. Leave the crimes of the living to me.”
The inspector joined his fellow officers who had begun to gather across the street from their devastated headquarters. 
“Come on,” Z said. “I’ll fill you in on the case I’m on.”
“Me?” Sheila asked.
“Yes, I could always use a fresh perspective. Welcome to the team.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

It was nearly midnight the night after the attack on Scotland Yard. Sleep was quickly closing in on Sylvia Brownstone, but she fought it off the way a mythical knight wards off a savage dragon in defense of a beautiful princess. It wasn’t often that the great ghost hunter Z asked for help and now that he had, she’d be damned if she was going to give up on him so easily.
After pouring through volumes of ancient myth and demon folklore, she felt she was finally closing in on the answer she was looking for. The clues were coming together, the text from one book leading her to another and another, until she finally came upon her copy of the Greek Hebrew Bible. Flipping through the yellowed, dog-eared pages, she thanked whatever deity resided above that the text was translated to English in this particular edition. To say her Greek was rusty would be a massive understatement.
Sylvia scanned the pages; her memory of much that was written there slowly surfacing from the panoply of years spent digesting the mythologies from a multitude of different religions and legends. Finally, her eyes fell upon the words that gave her great hope: the book of scripture entitled “The Book of Tobit”. This was it. The tale of Asmodeus was told here. Still, there was that blockage of her knowledge about him. The only remedy would have to be to read the scripture again.
But as Sylvia bent over the opened book, the pages flipped to and fro as if a harsh wind blew through her windows. She stood and backed away from the book, looking to the library’s windows to make sure they were still closed, even though she never opened them, especially on such a chilly, autumn night as this. The book slammed shut with all the finality of mausoleum door. Sylvia waited for a long while, her eyes on the book, half-expecting it to jump off the table and run away from her. Once she thought that whatever had just happened had passed, she took in a deep, steadying breath and resolved to try again. Slowly, Sylvia crept forward and reached out with both hands. There was a tremble to them that she didn’t realize was there and didn’t care for. As she closed the gap between herself and the book, she felt something in the air. The hairs on her neck stood up and her skin broke out in goosebumps.
Just as her fingertips touched the book’s cover, Sylvia was whipped away from the desk and slammed hard against the bookshelves behind her. Something in her body snapped with an audible crack and she fell limp to the floor. Her only thought was that Z had to know about the book.
Standing was out of the question. Instead, she crawled toward the desk, her mid-section throwing spasms of pain through her body with every inch she slid across the floor. Using the chair for support, she gritted her teeth and pulled herself into a sitting position on the floor and with one blind hand reached up to grab the book. She pulled the book down and quickly found the page she wanted. 
Eyes appeared before her as if the being standing over her had the chameleon ability to blend in with its surroundings. Eyes the burning yellow of the blazing sun. Eyes that conveyed a million lifetimes of anger and eons of hate. In these eyes, Sylvia saw the brutal torture of countless souls, damned to the depths and left to the morbid whim of a master of his trade.
The creature spoke in a tongue that was not of the living and Sylvia was again shot against the bookshelves. The impact brought fresh bolts of agony. As darkness swept over her, Sylvia looked down at the page that she clutched in her hand. She had bested the monster. Whatever it was, she had torn the page she needed from the book and she would only release it into the hands of the ghost hunter.

Judge Long stood at his office window looking out on the gas-lit streets of the city he loved. With the ghost hunter’s warnings, he supposed the wisest thing he could have done was get his wife and get out of the city as quickly as possible, but as a leader, as a well-known figure that the people of this city looked to in times of trouble, he felt it was his duty to see this thing through. If anything were to happen at all. Even after all that Z had revealed and discovered, the judge wasn’t completely convinced. Still, that didn’t stop him from sending his wife out of town to spend a few days with their daughter and her husband in their country home.
The pocket watch he pulled from his vest had been a gift from Queen Victoria and had kept impeccable time from the moment he received it. As he watched the hands tick their way closer to the midnight hour, he wondered what the ghost hunter was doing at that moment. He had said there was nothing that could be done, but Z struck him as the type that would try anyway. Long couldn’t help the smile that touched his lips at the thought of the ghost hunter. What was it about the man that made him so likeable? 
With only minutes left until the dreaded hour struck, Judge Long felt it best to have a drink in hand. Scotch, as always, was the bottle he went to. He poured an ample amount into a glass and downed it fast, letting the liquid warm him from the inside out. Then he refilled the glass and moved back to the window. At one minute to midnight he heard an unholy screech rip through the air.

Dr. Whincot left Bethlem Royal with a spring in his step and a song in his heart. He’d heard every word the old man had said in the interview with the ghost hunter days before and thought it all quite silly. The worst part was that the young hunter had seemed to believe every word of it. Dr. Whincot had made the decision then to prepare a room for Z, for he felt his committal to the hospital was inevitable. After all, he’d had many patients who had claimed to summon monsters, but such things never really happened.
Though his watch had disappeared, stolen by one of the unfortunates, he was sure it was midnight by now. And here it was, quiet as a deaf man’s dream on the streets of London. He giggled gaily to himself.
He was looking down at the grassy lawn as he walked over it. A massive shadow passed over him. Dr. Whincot stopped in his tracks and looked up at the creature that came to land on the hospital gates. At the end of its long neck was a small head with beady eyes and a mouth full of needle-like teeth. It let out an ear-piercing screech and then inhaled deeply. From far down in the monster’s throat, Dr. Whincot saw a burning orange light growing brighter with each molecule of air that the monster sucked into its massive lungs. 
The creature belched, lurching its head forward and unleashing a massive ball of fire directly at the doctor. Whincot tumbled out of the way. The flaming projectile ripped past him and obliterated the front wall of Bethlem Royal Hospital. After regaining his feet, Dr. Whincot stood on shaking legs and watched the old clerk from Judge Long’s office float from the burning remains like Christ carried, crucified on an invisible cross. The creature waited until the old man got closer, then used his clawed feet to rip the gates from the wall that surrounded the hospital grounds. 
Then both man and monster were gone. Madness incarnate released on the population of London. Things were going to get out of hand soon and Dr. Whincot had to find help, but what being on earth could defend against a creature of such power? 

Z moved quickly. 
“So, someone has summoned a mysterious creature to Earth and his minions are about to start a war with London?” Sheila asked. 
“Not quite. To say this being was summoned to Earth would be to imply it came from space. It is of this world, just not of this realm. And, there will be no war but a total overthrow of civilization. These beings want to wreak havoc on the living realm and use its population as slaves. There is no way to fight them, but there may be a way to drive them back to where they came from. If only I could find the information I need.”
Sheila sat down, shaken by the news the ghost hunter had just broken to her but more terrified by the screech of the monster that had ripped through the quiet, London streets only moments before. Both of them had rushed through the parlor door and into the street to try and catch a glimpse of the beast, but it was nowhere to be found and thus far, had not attacked the city.
Z re-entered the parlor and began to prepare for battle. First, he sent Reg for the horses, then he went to work loading extra pistols and filling his pockets with silver .45 slugs. 
“What are you going to do?” Sheila asked.
“The only thing I can at the moment. Try to slow this monster down.”
Z rushed back out the door just as Reg rode around the building with the horses. He turned and found the love of his life looking after him with worry. An ache set into his heart so suddenly he felt his legs weaken beneath him. He crossed back to the doorway and took her in his arms and kissed her as if it would be their last. “Stay inside, better that the creature doesn’t see you.”
“But it will see you.”
“Yes, if all goes as planned.” He climbed onto the horse.
“Please be careful,” Sheila pleaded.
Z tipped his hat to her and slapped the horse’s reins. Reg followed him.
Midnight had come and gone with no sign of the monster besides the unholy scream that was surely heard by every Londoner at the strike of twelve. Z rode toward the part of town where he thought the sound had originated, though it was difficult to be sure. The sound must have rebounded and echoed off every building in the old city.
The horseshoes clicked and clopped on London’s stone streets, but all else was quiet. The streets were empty besides the occasional tramp or prostitute, and even they were taking shelter in the nearest alleys. Z didn’t blame them. Though they didn’t know the reality of the threat as he did, there was a feeling in the air that was undeniable and palpable. Doors were locked and shutters drawn. The people of London were terrified of something most had not yet seen.
Just wait until they see it, Z thought. He wondered if he would have the courage to face these beings. Even after all he’d seen in his life, he had doubt.
He and Reg guided their horses through the cobblestone streets until they heard a heavy crash. Z pulled the reins toward the sound and sped off down Oxford Street to cut through Hyde Park. Another crash filled the air, that of brick and mortar crumbling to the ground. Then another unholy screech. Z emerged from a line of trees and caught sight of the beast atop the Knightsbridge Barracks, moving from building to building with destructive force while a small group of policemen futilely shot their guns into its tough, pale skin.
Z rode up beside the men and pulled a revolver. From its muzzle came a barrage of silver slugs that appeared to be only slightly more effective at causing the beast harm than the lead. Once every chamber in the gun was spent, Z returned it to the holster on his right hip and pulled its brother to begin another assault on the beast. 
Reg had taken cover in the park behind a thick oak tree and was pelting the beast with silver slugs from a rifle with a targeting glass attached to its sights.
“Aim for its eyes,” Z called. With an accuracy that Z would have never guessed his friend possessed, Reg fired the rifle and the silver found its target. The demon’s left eye erupted in a spray of blood. Rather than slowing the thing down, the demon went into a rage. The demon flailed and threw its weight into the tower. Falling debris crushed several officers. The tower was coming down and the creature was coming with it. 
Z pulled the reins on his horse toward the park in an effort to escape the fate that had befallen the officers that lay under the rubble. Just as the foul creature hit the ground it threw one leathery wing out to whip the legs from beneath Z’s steed. Z flew off the horse.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Sunlight came to Z in slow ripples like the stillness of a lake disturbed by a light breeze. Through his splitting head he was overjoyed to see the pretty face of his dear Sheila staring down at him. Worry creased her brow as she lay a cold, wet cloth upon his.
“Did we kill it?” Z asked in a voice that did not sound like his own.
“I’m afraid not.”
“Reg?”
“He’s fine.”
“What happened?”
“Reg said the monster flew off after the tower came down. It caused  more damage around the city then disappeared with the sunrise.”
Z sighed. “I’m at a loss on this one. I’ve no idea how to fight something so big. So destructive.”
“Why is it up to you to fight?”
Z looked in Sheila’s striking green eyes but had no answer to give her.
The door to the parlor burst open. Reg came in looking flustered. “Sir, it’s Lady Brownstone. She’s been attacked.”

One of the doctors approached Z as he neared the bed. “She’s been asking for you.”
The ghost hunter tried to speak but found his mouth too dry.
As if the doctor knew the question, he answered. “It’s difficult to say whether she will survive, a woman her age. Damn the scoundrels responsible for this.”
Z sat beside Sylvia and took her hand. She opened her eyes and took him in with a strained smile.
“Who did this to you, Sylvia?” Z asked.
With effort, she opened his hand and slid a crumpled piece of paper into it. When she spoke, her voice was weak. “He didn’t want you to see this.”
She closed her eyes and appeared to sleep.
In the hospital lobby, Z opened the page and read what was printed there.
“What is it?” Sheila asked.
He lowered the page and stared at his friends, the new information racing through his mind.
“Sir?” Reg asked with concern.
Z rushed toward the front door. “We must see Judge Long.”

“Zachary,” Judge Long greeted Z as he entered his office. “And friends,” he added looking from Sheila to Reg. 
“Your Honor,” Z said.
The judge gave him a tired look. “Congratulations, after last night I am a real believer. Now, please tell me you’re here with a solution to this problem.”
“As a matter of fact, I am.”
Judge Long looked hopeful at this news. “By all means, present your idea.”
“It’s more than an idea.” Z produced the torn page he had received from Sylvia and handed it over to the judge. “Lady Brownstone was attacked last night by the very being behind all this. She had discovered the identity of this monster and he appeared to her I believe in the hopes of keeping this information from me. By sheer will alone she was able to rip this page from a book and get it to me this morning.”
“It’s nonsense,” Judge Long said after reading the page front and back.
“Sir, it is the answer to our problem.”
“It’s nursery rhyme nonsense!” the judge roared. 
“It is no nursery rhyme,” Z shouted back. “This is a page from The Greek Hebrew Bible that plainly states the identity of the demon that is coming for us all. Asmodeus the King of Demons, seducer of women and destroyer of realms. More importantly, my dear Judge Long, it tells us how to be rid of him and his winged friend.”
“Yes,” the judge said mockingly, “this powerful creature will be driven away by the smell of a fish. What kind of fish can only be revealed by an angel! It’s ridiculous!”
“I know where to find one,” Z stated plainly.
The judge looked incredulous. “The fish?”
“An angel.”
Judge Long stared at Z for a long moment.
Z stepped closer to the older man. “You’ve doubted me thus far, Judge, and now you’ve seen first-hand that I was right. This monster will be back again tonight and Asmodeus will reveal himself in just two days, but we can get a head start on defeating him thanks to dear Lady Brownstone’s efforts. Trust in me, my friend.”
The judge rubbed his eyes with one hand and shook away the torrent of thoughts running through his mind. “Mystery fish and angels aside, why are you so desperate for my approval? I’m hardly the King of England.”
“But you are a man with great sway over the authorities in this town. For this to work, you will have to keep these creatures at bay until we return.”
“And how do you presume I do that?”
“When the King of Demons arrives, you give him what he wants.”
“Excuse me?”
“If Asmodeus’ every whim is catered to he’d be less likely to reduce this entire city to rubble. These creatures are ancient and they want nothing more than a return to the old times when they were worshipped as deities.”
“So, we’re to worship this monster who wants to enslave us.”
“Just as it’s always been, throughout history.”
Judge Long ran a hand through his graying hair and appeared to think hard about the proposal. “How long will you be?”
“A week. Maybe more.”
The older man sighed. “I don’t like this, ghost hunter.”
“I know, Judge, but I don’t see what other choice we have.”
“Very well. Do what needs to be done and be quick about it. I will pull what strings I can and do my best to keep the city intact.”
“Then we’ll be on our way.”
Judge Long shook Z’s hand. “Godspeed, my friend.”
“And you.”

Within the hour, Z and Sheila had returned to the store to prepare for their trip while Reg was busy loading the carriage with two weeks’ worth of rations and supplies as well as a hefty collection of weapons to ward off the living and dead alike. Sheila had been quiet since they’d left Lady Brownstone but Z was too concerned with getting their journey going to inquire of her worries.
He noted Sheila’s cases still in a corner of the parlor, unpacked thanks to the hectic events that had thus far filled her visit to London, from nearly having her head blown off by the man she loved to preparing for a quest to find a fallen angel. He rushed, packed his own clothing into his solitary case, which had seen far better days as Sheila sat atop her largest case and watched as he hurriedly zig-zagged through the room.
“So,” Sheila broke her silence. “Care to tell me where we’re going?”
“Scotland. More specifically, the Grampian Mountains.”
“That’s where we’ll find the angel?”
“That’s right.”
“Are you sure you want me along on this trip?”
“A monster is coming that is known for seducing beautiful women,” Z said, taking her hands in his. “Surely a woman as lovely as you would make the top of his list. I mean to keep you by my side at all times.”
Sheila’s cheeks reddened. “I can’t imagine a safer place.”
Z kissed her deeply. How he’d missed her lips.
Reg cleared his throat in the doorway. “Sorry to interrupt, sir. Ye wanted me ta tell ye when all was ready.”
“Yes, thank you, Reg.”
Z helped Reg secure the luggage atop the carriage then joined Sheila inside. “Make for the Grampians with all due haste, Reg.” Z called. 
“Aye, sir,” his assistant yelled back.
As the carriage pulled away from the store, Z turned to Sheila. “I’m sorry our kiss was interrupted.”
Her beautiful smile seemed to light up the carriage’s dimness. “Oh, it’s a long trip. I’m sure there will be time for more.”
He moved to the seat next to her and resumed the kiss they’d shared.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Reg kept the carriage moving through the first night. Z and Sheila sat quiet in the back. He wondered what was happening back in London but was unwilling to admit how grateful he was to be away from the chaos. Leaving the city was time consuming, for there were thousands of others who were evacuating by carriage, horse or on foot. Queen Victoria had ordered the evacuation until the threat on the city was brought to an end. Z didn’t know for sure, but he hoped Judge Long’s influence was enough to reach the Queen and that she now knew of their strange mission.
On they traveled through the following day. Z and Sheila still rode in silence for the most part. The night before, Z told himself they were both overwrought with worry for those who were still stuck in London, but he’d now come to the conclusion that the topic being avoided was that of the two of them. Z and Sheila the couple that once was. Despite their kiss to start this long journey, they had things to sort out, though it seemed neither wanted to start. Besides, was the back of a noisy, bouncing carriage the place for any discussion, let alone one of such importance? Z didn’t think so.
By the time night fell on the second day, Reg said he was exhausted and Z and Sheila had had very little sleep on the rough ride. They set up camp for the night near a small collection of boulders just off the main road. By the time Z had gathered enough dry wood for the fire (no small feat in the damp grounds around the site), Reg was snoring loudly, bundled in a blanket near the would-be fire pit. Within minutes the blaze was going and a familiar warmth spread through Z’s bones as he thought about his younger days kicking around Ohio and Indiana with his old friends Tully and George. The three of them hustling settlers and farmers while dreaming of becoming renowned gunfighters in the western states that they would never see.
“Where did you learn to build a fire so well?” Sheila asked as if she were reading his thoughts.
Z shook his head. “A brief thirst for adventure and riches with some old friends back home.”
Sheila smiled. “Must have been some good times.”
“The best,” he agreed. “Until I met you.”
Z saw her cheeks blush in the fire light. “I must say, Mr. Ghost Hunter, you do something to me that no other man has been able to do.”
“You mean bring you to climax?” Z asked with a sly grin.
Sheila laughed. “Well, that too. I was actually referring to the way you make me feel. You’re unlike any other man I’ve met and the only one I’d have spent four years tracking down to try and win his love back.”
“I must admit I’m impressed by your determination.”
“When you left, I was devastated.” Sheila’s tone was suddenly somber. “I was left wondering if I’d gone mad. Was I dead? Was I alive? I wasn’t even sure myself. But I knew the body in that pond was somehow mine. And I knew my heart was broken.”
“It occurred to me that when we were together, others never looked at you,” Z recalled. “They never spoke to you. As if you weren’t there at all. I…assumed you were…not of the living realm.”
Sheila moved closer to him, warming her hands by the fire. “Z, they didn’t acknowledge me because of what we were doing. You know, without being married. You know how people are there. For men it’s okay, but for a woman to have premarital sex, well…”
“Yes, I didn’t think about that.” Z nearly added that things in London were completely different, thinking of the many women he’d bedded there with not a word from anyone around him, but thought better of revealing this information to this woman who loved him so dearly. Whom he loved dearly in return. And weren’t the conquests of those women only in effort to forget this one beside him now? Perhaps.
“Besides,” Sheila continued, “as I recall we were alone most of the time.”
She smiled sweetly and he carefully reached up and brushed a strand of hair from her brow. “I’m sorry I broke your heart,” Z whispered.
“I’m sorry I broke yours,” Sheila whispered back. A tear spilled over her cheek and Z rubbed it away.
“I’ll spend the rest of my days trying to mend it.”
Sheila moved closer to him until her lips were nearly touching his. “You already have, Z.”
Z felt his own eyes watering as he took the woman of his dreams into his arms and pressed his lips against hers. Passion erupted between them. Her breathing increased as he lay her down on the blanket beside the fire, his hands exploring the body he’d missed for so long. They made love for the first time in over four years and it was still the best he’d ever had.

Something tugged at Z in the early morning hours. With some effort, he awoke and took in his surroundings. Sheila was sleeping soundly beside him and Reg hadn’t moved a muscle since he dropped off into unconsciousness hours before. Still, Z felt that tug at his mind. Slowly, he scanned the darkness beyond their camp and the glowing embers that were the remnants of the fire. Then his eyes fell on the circle of rocks lit only by the three-quarter moon.
He stood and walked silently to the ring’s edge. He’d read about sites such as these. Some claimed they were gateways to other worlds, others believed they were tools to contact the dead. There were also stories of fairies and trapped spirits. Which was this, he wondered. Surely a spirit would be clearly visible, at least to him, so he didn’t think that was it. He concluded that if he stepped inside he would either be warped to another world (possible but unlikely) or find himself surrounded by fairies (even more unlikely). 
The tug came to his mind again, as if something in there needed to get a message to him. With trepidation, he lifted one foot and broke the threshold. Then, finding it best to dive in and get it over with, he ran to the middle of the large circle. 
Nothing.
He let out a heavy sigh. Even after all of the things he’d seen in his life he couldn’t help but feel ridiculous standing in the ring of rocks in the middle of the night expecting…what? A gaggle of magical creatures to come along and offer him advice or try their hardest to make a meal of him? 
A series of strange chirps broke the night’s silence. Z listened intently, straining to pick up more. Something lit up to his right. A brief glow in his peripheral vision. When he turned his head, the light was gone. For a moment, he dismissed it as a firefly but quickly realized he wasn’t in the states anymore and there were no fireflies in Scotland. Another flash of light, only on his left. Z turned and this time the light held, floating before him, pulsating, mesmeric. Slowly, he stepped closer to the light and as he neared, the form of a tiny humanoid figure became clearer. Wings of a dragonfly flitted from its back creating incandescent dust that drifted like lazy snowflakes toward the ground, evaporating into nothingness before they could make contact.
Z felt drawn to the creature and moved closer still, in a daze that he felt enveloping him more and more with each struggling step. With one hand, he reached out to catch – no, not catch –  caress the fascinating thing hanging in the air before him. With his fingertips no more than an inch from the thing’s strange body, he could feel a cool, pleasant breeze coming from the wings. Z suddenly couldn’t wait to touch it, his body ached to learn what other pleasantries this magical creature held, but before Z’s fingers came to rest on the small body, the fairy reached out with a tiny hand and rested it on Z’s finger.
With a violent rush of heat and pain, Z’s vision filled with a raging storm of flames and smoke. He was seeing the future. London was crumbling. The city was in flames. The sky was filled with creatures that rained death on the helpless below. Then the city was gone and he was somewhere else. A place that was like no other he’d seen on Earth. Rocky and desolate, beasts crawled over the ground, weaving a living carpet of seething teeth and ripping claws. Tortured screams cut through his mind like icicles shoved into his ear. In the midst of this grim scene there arose a ring of flames burning bright and bleeding hope over the ravaged land. Z reached for it, but it was lost in rolling smoke that blurred his vision. With savage speed, the fingers of his outstretched hand were severed, leaving only gnashed stumps spraying ruby liquid. From the smoke, there appeared a face. A face that was mostly teeth, long and jagged, dripping with the blood of his missing fingers. With a voice that crawled up Z’s spine and penetrated his ears with eons of sin, the owner of the face spewed one word: “Come….”    

Z woke up to the sound of Reg moving away through the brush. The warm body lying naked beside him was more assurance that his Sheila had returned to him, a woman of flesh and blood. Alive. Beautiful. He slid an arm beneath her bosom and pulled her closer, the scent of her hair filled his nose, a mixture of vanilla and lilac. He thought about the events of last night. Had he really awoken in the middle of the night and stepped into the ring of boulders that stood near their camp site? Was the fairy real? Was the vision it shared truly a glimpse of things to come? Z certainly hoped not.
Sheila stirred from her slumber and Z kissed her neck. As she turned to smile up at him, he kissed her lips.
“Good morning,” she sighed.
“Indeed it is.”
They kissed again and Z said, “As much as I hate to break up our reunion, we better get moving.”
Sheila nodded her agreement and the two got to their feet.
By seven, the trio was on the road again with renewed urgency. Z and Sheila sat together in the carriage, the latter resting her head on the former’s shoulder. “Do you really think we can do this in a week?” she asked and Z could hear the worry in her voice even over the rickety sound of the carriage.
“We’re making good time,” Z answered. “We should make the mountains by nightfall.”
“Then what?”
“Then we climb the mountains, find the angel, ask him what kind of fish we need to drive this monster away, find the fish, and make our way back to London. So, in answer to your original question, a week is rather optimistic.”
“What will become of London when this creature appears?”
Z shuddered at the memory of his vision and the thought of the King of Demons bringing first London, then the world, to its knees. “Let’s hope we can stop him before things get too far.”

Outside, the English countryside rolled by with green hillsides covered in all manner of trees in their final throes of bursting color before the winter season and seemingly hundreds of grazing sheep with the occasional shepherd representing the only humans. Z watched the land unfold with the eerie images of the vision he’d had the night before replaying in his mind. 
“What is it?” Sheila asked.
“I’m sorry?”
“You’ve been very quiet for a long time, clearly something is bothering you. What is it?”
Z turned in his seat so he could face her. Then he took her hand in his and looked her in the eyes. “Something happened last night. Though I thought it may have been a dream when I woke up next to you this morning, I’m becoming more and more convinced it was all real. Either way, the things that I saw paint a vivid picture of what the future holds.”
“Z, what are you talking about?”
He saw clearly the concern in his lover’s eyes. After a steadying breath, he told her about his walk into the ring of rocks the night before, sparing no detail. When he had finished, Sheila sat back with a hand to her chest and shock painting her expression.
“You say this creature was a….?” 
“A fairy,” Z inserted.
“And what do you know about fairies?”
“A great deal, naturally, though up until last night I’ve never had a reason to believe they were real. Of course, this is what my thoughts have been coming back to on this trip. There are many types of fairies, many are helpful and this could have been a clear warning of what will take place over the course of the days ahead of us, but there are also some that are very mischievous. The one I encountered last night could have been toying with me for its own entertainment.”
“And which do you think it was?”
“The first one,” Z said with a grimace. “Unfortunately.”
Sheila was trembling. “I’m frightened.”
Z took her hand. “I’ve faced these things before,” he assured her. “Though this may be my greatest challenge, I will rise to the occasion as I always do.”
This seemed to rest her concerns, at least a little. Z kissed her lips and held her close. As they rode, his thoughts returned to the vision and he wished his assurances would work on his own fears. Tonight, they would reach the mountains and Asmodeus would arrive in London.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Just as Z was awaking from a vision he thought may have been a dream, Judge Long awoke from an uneasy sleep to a sliver of sunlight pouring through his curtain to lay across his face. Blinking the slumber from his eyes, the judge stiffly climbed out of his bed and walked to the window. He reached out one tired hand and, for just a moment, hesitated. In his mind, a voice kept reassuring him: It was a dream. None of it was real. It couldn’t have been.
Then he pulled the curtain aside and looked upon the broken city below. The fires from the previous night’s attacks were just coming under control. Buildings had been reduced to rubble, citizens filled the streets in a desperate attempt to escape the city, and here he stood, given the enormous burden of stalling the onslaught of the King of Demons and his minions.
The bedroom door creaked open and his servant, Cullen, stepped in to announce a visitor. 
“Good Christ, Cullen. I’ve not even dressed yet.”
Cullen coughed the phlegm clear of his throat, his cough still keeping him from most of his duties, and stuttered nervously. “He said it was important.”
Inspector Grant bustled in, red faced and out of breath. “Those damnable stairs will be the death of me one of these days.”
“Oh, come off it, Grant. If you weren’t so bloody enormous you wouldn’t have such trouble.”
“Sir, my feelings are hurt.”
“You’ll forgive me my mood, Inspector. My city is being reduced to ash, I have to play suck-up to a demon that wants to rule the world, I’m putting the fate of all humanity in the hands of a former mental patient, and on top all this there’s a bumbling idiot in my room and I’m still in my night attire.” 
“Forgive me, sir.”
“Well get on with it, why are you standing here?”
“Well, the bombing at The Yard. A group of Irish terrorists are taking credit for it.”
“Is that really a matter of importance considering all that’s happened since?”
“Sir, police work doesn’t stop just because random supernatural creatures decided to appear on Earth.”
“Well, that’s a rather optimistic way to look at it. ‘Decided to appear’. Of course, another way to put it would be to say that these things didn’t just appear on Earth, but they were summoned here by someone. Someone very human. Our resident expert on ghosts and goblins has informed me of this and we are going to assume he’s correct. So, your ‘police work’ should now center around solving the mystery of who is behind this mess.”
“Yes, but-”
“We will bring all of the attackers of this city to justice, Inspector, however we must first have a city to conduct our business in. Therefore, these monsters take top priority.”
“Of course, sir, but that’s why I’ve come. We received a letter this morning. The bombing terrorists are claiming responsibility for summoning the monsters as well.”
The judge stared at Grant a moment and then held out his hand. “May I?”
Grant pulled the letter from the inside pocket of his jacket and handed it over to Judge Long. After reading it in full, Long looked to his old friend. “What do you make of this, Inspector?”
“I think it’s bullocks, of course.”
“Do you?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Why?”
“The letter is far more eloquent and grammatically precise than the original note we received from the group that claimed the bombing. It was surely written by someone else.”
“Could just be another member of the group.”
“That’s a possibility, however, in my opinion, this letter is meant to throw us off the trail of the person or persons responsible for summoning the demon king.”
“So, that we waste time searching for the wrong men.”
“Precisely.”
The judge held out an envelope to Inspector Grant. “I’ve jotted down some notes. A few things Z brought up that I think may help you.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Judge Long noticed uncertainty in the inspector’s expression. “I’m counting on you, old friend. Solve this crime and bring whoever is responsible to meet our good justice.”
Grant’s back straightened as confidence filled his large frame. “I’ll not let you down, sir.”
As the judge watched Grant leave his room, he couldn’t help but wish for even a fraction of the confidence the policeman had. For what was coming, he was not sure he could face.

Inspector Grant walked the ruined streets of London lost in thought and weaving through the masses on their way out of the city. Where was he supposed to start in this investigation? In all his years of service to Scotland Yard he’d never been through anything like this. Now was the time to get some work done, he knew that much for sure. The monster seemed to disappear during the daylight hours, giving the city’s citizens a brief reprieve from the terror of night.
It suddenly occurred to him that his hand was still clutching the envelope Judge Long had given him as if it were a priceless jewel that would be lost forever were he to loosen his grip. Opening the envelope, he took the sheet of paper from inside and read the first line. He stopped and turned, his pace quickening in the other direction. The investigation of his life had begun. 
After recruiting two members for his team, Officer William Randall and Officer Derek Douglas, Inspector Grant entered the massive grounds of Highgate Cemetery. A mist hung over the ground that seemed to have a haunting glow about it. He’d recruited his men to help investigate the grounds, knowing there was too much land to cover on his own (and indeed he wished there were more men to recruit, but most had fled the city with their families), though really a small part of him had no desire to enter the old graveyard alone.
Though it was just after noon, the sun seemed to have no presence here. The ground was moist and littered with dead leaves that crunched beneath the feet of the men as they walked. The trees were all but bare, losing their leaves early apparently, and to Grant, the gnarled, curling branches seemed to reach for him with wicked intentions. He led his team along the trail that Z had described to Judge Long and that he, in turn, had written about in the letter that Grant now had folded neatly in his inner coat pocket. They found what they were looking for easily enough. A large pool of blood that somehow had not been absorbed by the dirt, dried out, or washed away by last week’s storm.
“Good Christ!” Randall blurted when he took in the size of the puddle.
Grant stared across the pool at the headstones on its edge. Four elegantly carved markers that shared something in common. The last name on each was the same. “Lawson.” The inspector said it aloud. He pulled out his small note pad and a pencil and made note of the name, as well as the approximate size of the blood pool.
“Alright, men,” he announced to his small team. “Clearly there’s some…other-worldly forces at work here. But all this blood had to come from somewhere. Split up and look for bodies. Quite a few of them I would guess. Let’s not stray too far from each other though. You never know what may be lurking about.”
Randall and Douglas split off to either side of the pool while Grant backtracked the way they’d come, leaving the path to take a closer look at any possible hiding places. The strange mist that hung over the ground swirled away from his feet with each step he took, as if it recoiled from living flesh. Goose bumps ran up his arms and a shiver ran down his spine. What in God’s name is this stuff?
After a few minutes, Grant realized where his feet were taking him. With a sting in his chest, the big man looked down at the grave marker that read Beatrice Godwin Grant. It’d been so long since he’d visited. 
The mist was thicker here. It seemed to be rising off the ground to block Grant’s vision. The air grew cold and Grant had the creeping suspicion that he wasn’t alone. His breathing quickened, creating puffs of steam in the chilly air. Turning, he searched the grounds for his two officers, but the mist was too thick. He took a breath to call out for them (hoping his voice didn’t come out like a terrified child’s) when he sensed someone was standing behind him.
Grant turned toward the grave marker that bore his last name. In the swirling mist above it a face formed. Grant took an involuntary step backward but then he recognized the face before him.
“Bea?” His dead wife smiled sadly. Then she looked off into the distance over Grant’s left shoulder. The mist rose to form in front of her face and gradually took the shape of her arm, tipped finally with her dainty hand and a pointing finger. He turned to see where she was pointing. On a nearby hill, the mist swirled away as if disturbed by a powerful, unseen force to reveal a large mausoleum.
Grant turned back to his wife’s ghost but her image started to fade.
“Don’t go,” he begged.
The spirit smiled her sad smile and moved closer to him. A ghostly hand lovingly rubbed against his cheek and when he heard her whisper in his ear, tears came without warning. “Save them,” she said. Then she was gone.
Grant stood for a moment while the mist faded around him, leaving only the ankle-high fog that was present when they had arrived. After clearing his throat and wiping his eyes with a handkerchief, Grant moved up the hill to the door of the mausoleum. A smell came from inside that he knew all too well. He called to his men, his voice thankfully back to its strong baritone. Randall and Douglas came running.
“Help me with this door, lads.” Grant gripped the large, ornate handle on the stone door and pulled. With their combined efforts, the door came open and the putrid smell of rotting flesh rushed out. Inside were the murdered bodies of three women and ten men.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Asmodeus was there. In his mind, even as his birth into London’s gray streets drew near, he was back in time where everything had changed. He’d been summoned by some poor fool in Spain. A farmer who thought an ancient creature brought to the realm of the living would grant his fields with rich soil and bursting crops. Somehow, this misled farmer thought a blood ritual would shower him with great fortunes. What came to him and his community instead was Asmodeus and his horde of demons.
      Asmodeus answered the summons with death and destruction. He destroyed the farmer’s land and did the same for all the farmers who lived nearby. He seduced their women and their daughters, taking pleasure in the flesh of the female human form. All the while, his minions wreaked havoc upon the land. It was the best of times.
      Then he met her. Mariana was the daughter of a farmer who lived near Puertollano, her beauty unmatched by any woman that Asmodeus had had before her. Not even the Persian bride he’d killed for could compare. Unlike the others, though, his powers of seduction seemed to have no sway over her. Instead, she came to him willingly, but not with sex. Her sharp tongue and disgust with him made her even more attractive. She became the sole object of his lust.
      With her displeasure toward him, Asmodeus knew he had to rely on more than his powers to win her over. He would have to tap into something he hadn’t used in eons and had never used on a human. Charm. To please her, he called all of his demons off and ended their destruction to the countryside. Still, she would have nothing to do with him. He had his horde help rebuild the farmhouses and even helped himself. His demons were confused by this and thought he was growing soft, yet still Mariana would not have him.
       Asmodeus brought her gifts, gave her flowers, wrote her poetry, and as time went by, she gradually began to speak to him. Every evening, before she went to bed, Asmodeus would walk with her through the woods. There was a path that wound through the small patch of forest on her father’s land that they would take, at first keeping some space between them as they talked and got to know each other. By all accounts, she should have hated him, but her loving nature knew no emotion so despicable as hate. Soon, they walked the path hand in hand. Soon after that, they made love. It was slow and sensual, not like the grunting, rough interaction he’d had with other women. Asmodeus felt something for her he’d never experienced. Love. Real love. That was before she revealed her true self.
 
The Grampian Mountains were quickly becoming no more than dark, foreboding shadows around them. Sheila looked out of the window beside her and stared up, appearing to search the dimming sky. “How will we know where to find this angel?”
“I can sense him,” Z replied. “He’s surprisingly close.”
“So, are we going to have to go hiking to find this fellow?”
“I don’t think that will be necessary. I believe he’s been doing his best to live among us. Blend in and forget his old life.”
“You get all this by what, reading his mind?”
“Not exactly. More like reading his presence. Creatures that are not of this world speak to me in a way I can’t describe. Some want to be saved, some want to wreak havoc. This one just wants to be…normal.”
Z peered out his window and through the darkness spotted a small cottage nestled in the trees with smoke drifting lazily from its chimney. “This is it.” He rapped his knuckles on the roof of the carriage.
“A cabin in the woods,” Sheila said, staring at the structure. “Somehow I imagined an angel living in something grander.”
“Well, he is a fallen angel. Let’s hope he’s willing to help us.”
Z led the group to the front door and knocked. The door swung open and a burly, mountainous man stood before them with a thick beard covering most of his face. He studied the trio on his porch then said, “You’re a little early. The annual hunt doesn’t start for another two weeks. Of course, if you got money to offer, I’ll gladly put you up ‘til then.”
“Actually, we’ve come on other business,” Z said.
“What kind of business?” The man eyed Z suspiciously.
“We need the help of an angel.”
The expression on the man’s face suddenly turned grim. “I suppose you better come on in then.”
The room was sparsely decorated. The only things of note were the elk head mounted to the wall and the bearskin rug sprawled across the floor.
The angel walked over to the fire where several plush chairs were positioned. “Please have a seat. Can I get you anything? Wine perhaps?”
“That would be lovely,” Sheila said.
The angel disappeared leaving Z and his friends to glance at each other in silence. The angel returned with a tray of wine glasses and a bottle. He filled glasses and handed them out, keeping the last for himself. After taking his seat, he said, “I suppose introductions are in order. I am Uriel, former archangel of the third sphere, long ago banished from the kingdom for reasons I have no intention of going into. And you are?”
Z was at a loss for a moment. He was under the assumption they would find an ordinary angel living here, the most common and lowest form of which people often claimed to see, but to be in the presence of the archangel Uriel, whom of course he’d read about in his many studies, was another matter completely.
“Forgive me,” Z said once realizing he’d kept their host waiting for far too long. “I am simply called Z, ghost hunter and trader of ancient artifacts. This is my companion Miss Sheila Harrison and my good friend and assistant, Reginald Cunningham Boulderstern the Third.”
The angel smiled broadly. “Well I’ll be! Ghost Hunter Z here in my living room!”
Z felt his cheeks redden. “You’ve heard of me, sir?”
“Well of course. I have hunters come through often. They stay here while on their treks through the mountains. Many nights are spent right here around the fire telling wild stories. I have to say, your name has come up quite often. They say you can see ghosts and have fought other creatures as well.”
Z smiled bashfully. He couldn’t fathom this angel, known by so many beings, being excited to meet him. “Well, yes I have had several harrowing adventures.”
Sheila cleared her throat to catch Z’s attention. “Time is of the essence, dear.”
“Yes of course,” Z said.
“Well, what is it I can help you with?” Uriel asked.
“I’m afraid one of these creatures has set its sights on London,” Z began. “A very powerful demon by the name of Asmodeus.”
Uriel’s face went sour. “Ah yes, I’ve had dealings with him in the past.”
“Yes, well, he will be making his entrance tonight and his monster has already attacked the city, turning much of it to rubble. He hopes to enslave the citizens of London and possibly the world.”
“No doubt he was summoned by someone on Earth.”
“As is my theory. According to my research he can be driven away by the smell of a certain fish, but only an angel knows what fish. That’s what brings us to you.”
“Oh yes, I know the fish you need.”
“Great.”
“But it’ll cost you.”
“I’m sorry?”
“A favor for a favor,” the angel explained.

“What is it you require?” Z asked.
“I want you to retrieve my halo. I’m nothing without it. It’s the source of all my power, my wings won’t even work without it.”
“I don’t understand. Is it nearby?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Uriel said sheepishly. “A demon named Seether stole it from me years ago. I need you to go to Hell and steal it back.”
Had he heard the angel right? Does he really expect me to go to Hell? “And Hell is a metaphor for…?”
“It’s no metaphor, there’s a gate nearby. You will have a guide of course. I’ll have to send for him.”
“Your guide is familiar with the lay of the land?”
“Oh yes, he’s been there quite often.”
“I can’t help but feel the favor you’re asking is far more dangerous than what we ask of you.”
“That’s the deal,” Uriel said crossing his arms. “Take it or leave it.”
Z sighed. “Well, looks like I’m going to Hell.”

The angel was gracious enough to offer the two spare bedrooms he kept for Sheila and Reg to stay in. While they waited for the guide to the underworld to arrive, Z helped Sheila get settled in the room. The angel, in the meantime, was warming bath water on the wood stove in the main room.
“Oh, I need a bath so bad,” Sheila moaned. “It’s going to feel exquisite.”
Z kissed her neck and she placed a hand on his check. “I still don’t understand why you have to go,” she protested. “Why doesn’t he get his own damned halo?”
Z moved around the bed and sat on the edge. “If an angel entered Hell, every creature in the place would be alerted to his presence. A human on the other hand would go relatively unnoticed. Plus, my particular skills could make things a little easier for me.”
“You don’t know that for sure. This is all insane to me.”
Z saw the worry on her face. He had to admit, it was nice to have someone to worry about him for a change. She came over to him and sat on his knee. Z rested his head on her bosom and she stroked his hair. In a whisper that was shaky with tears, she said, “I don’t want you to go. I just got you back, I can’t lose you again.”
Z wrapped his arms around her waist and held her tight, not saying a word and unwilling to give her false hope. What horrors lay ahead he could not say, but his unsettling vision at the hands of the fairy seemed to be making more and more sense. 
With a knock at the opened door, Uriel looked at the two of them from the doorway. “Sorry to interrupt, but he’s here.” 
Z and Sheila followed the angel back to the main room where the stranger stood hunched near the fire.
“Ghost Hunter Z,” Uriel said. “Allow me to introduce you to my old friend, Kazul.”
Sheila stopped with a frightened gasp.
The creature that turned from the fire wore a serape over a large, muscular frame. His face was lined with scars and wrinkles. Where his nose should have been was instead nothing more than smooth skin and his bald forehead gave way to two triangular-shaped flaps of flesh that pulsated as he moved. Z guessed these were the creature’s horns. On his chin were two more horns that split to look like a goatee. Perhaps the strangest feature on this creature were his hands, which consisted of only thumb, index finger and a long tentacle that was coiled up for easy storage. Z loathed to imagine what this appendage was used for when uncoiled.
“You’re a demon,” Z stated. His hand had gone instinctively to the butt of his gun.
The demon studied Z with cold, gray eyes and slowly reached up to remove the tooth pick from between his large, straight teeth. “You’re a seer,” he said in a raspy voice that was British in its accent.
The tension felt palpable. But Uriel clapped his hands jovially and said, “Well, now that we all know each other, let’s get down to business.”
Z maintained his end of the stare-down as if the angel hadn’t said a word. Sheila spoke up in hopes of calming Z down. “Can we really trust a demon?”
“Kazul and I go back a long way,” Uriel said. “We’ve been friends since before the war and we still spend many a night getting inebriated over a heated game of chess or poker, along with a few others, of course.”
Z wasn’t sure what war the angel was talking about, but he felt slightly more at ease and dropped his hand from the butt of his gun. 
The demon grinned. His eyes darted from Z to Sheila. “Say, you two are American, aren’t you? Either of ya been to the west. The Wild West?”
Z answered no, but Sheila said, “I’ve been there.” Z looked at her with surprise. She shrugged and added, “I told you I looked for you everywhere.”
“Is it really as wild as they say?” the demon asked with a hopeful gleam in his eyes.
“Oh yes. Men gunning each other down in the streets, gambling, prostitution, very little respect for the law in those states.”
The demon let out a pleasurable sigh. “Rife with sin, eh? Sounds like my kind of atmosphere. I hope to visit someday soon.”
“Anyway,” Z interrupted, still feeling odd to be sociable with a creature he would normally be gearing up to fight. “Time is of the essence. If we’re going to do this, we should move along.”
“Right,” Kazul said. “If yer ready then.” 
“As ready as I can possibly get.”
Z kissed Sheila as if it was for the last time, knowing it very well could be.
“Make sure you come back to me,” she said.
“I will make every effort,” Z replied. He pulled away from her and walked briskly out the door, preferring not to prolong a difficult goodbye. The demon followed.
Z stopped outside where the demon pointed to a path that ascended farther up the mountain. “We’ll be heading that way. Don’t worry, we shouldn’t be long. Going to Hell will be the easy part. Gettin’ that halo will pose the real challenge. That Seether is a right nasty fella.”
“Wonderful,” Z said sarcastically.
Z took one last look at the cottage then walked on with his demonic guide. With midnight approaching fast, he couldn’t help but wonder how things were going in London.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Judge Long looked down at the crumpled sheet of paper. The drawing at the top of the page depicted the King of Demons. It had three heads facing different directions, one of a bull, one of a ram and the third of an ogre. The squat demon had the legs and feet of a cock and was riding atop a fire-breathing lion. Reading on, Judge Long found that Asmodeus was known in Christian lore as Sammael, one of the fallen angels and his specialties included wreaking havoc between man and wife in the bedroom and delivering his wrath and revenge on unsuspecting humans.
The judge couldn’t speak for the former, but the latter was evident all around his great city. Even now this demon’s herald was tearing down age-old structures in preparation for his master’s arrival.
The article went on to describe Asmodeus as representing Lust, one of the seven deadly sins and that his seduction of women eventually led to the demon falling in love with a Persian virgin named Sarah. Wanting the girl for himself, he’d killed all seven of her bridegrooms before they’d had a chance to bed her. Though there seemed to be much more to the article, the one page Z had received from Sylvia Brownstone cut things short. Wishing to learn as much as he could about his adversary, Judge Long grabbed his suit jacket and made to leave his office with the intention of visiting Mrs. Brownstone at the hospital.
Just as he stepped into the hall, the labored, heavy-breathing form of Inspector Charles Grant came lumbering up the stairs toward him. “Judge Long, so glad I caught you.”
“I was just on my way out, Grant. Walk with me.” The judge moved past the large man and down the stairs. Grant let out a heavy sigh, no doubt wishing he’d waited a few minutes before taking the stairs.
“Have you found something?” Judge Long asked.
“Indeed, I have. Thirteen dead bodies in a crypt at Highgate Cemetery.”
The judge stopped abruptly and stared up at the inspector. “Go on.”
“They’d all had their throats cut and the bodies were drained of blood. I think they were used in a ritual to summon these monsters.”
“Meaning there are humans behind all this as the ghost hunter theorized.”
“That’s the conclusion I came to.”
Judge Long felt his face redden with rage. What would possess anyone to bring this madness upon their fellow man? “I want the person or persons responsible for this mess brought to justice!”
“My men are combing the graveyard for clues as we speak, sir.”
“Well done,” the judge said and continued down the stairs. “Anything else?”
“Possibly. We had a report just before the attacks started. A group of homeless men claimed to have seen a winged monster emerge from a sewer tunnel along the Thames. Could be this thing’s daytime resting place.”
Long stopped again and pondered this bit of information. He turned back to Grant. “Come with me, Inspector. I was just off to get some answers from a reliable source. Perhaps she’ll have some for you too.”

Inspector Grant entered the hospital beside Judge Long, thankful the whole trip that the beast was far to the east delivering his destruction away from the sick and injured. The hospital halls were full of madness. Doctors and nurses ran about tending to hundreds of people who had been hurt in the attacks. Judge Long walked briskly past them all with a singular objective and intense resolve. Grant followed him into Sylvia Brownstone’s room where they found her conscious and wringing the sheets with worry about the state the city was in.
The old woman looked up at them and in a weak voice asked, “Can I help you gentlemen?”
“I’m Judge Thomas Long and this is Inspector Charles Grant from Scotland Yard. We’ve come hoping you’d have some answers for us. You see, we’ve been working with Ghost Hunter Z on this threat that plagues the city.”
Grant noticed a brightening of the old woman’s countenance at the mention of the ghost hunter. “Oh, yes,” she said, “whatever I can do to help.”
“Z and his friends have left the city in search of that which might drive Asmodeus away. With your knowledge of the supernatural and religious mythos, I have no doubt you know what it is he seeks.”
She nodded and the judge went on.
“In the meantime, the inspector and I are trying to stem the destruction of this demon’s creature. We believe we may have found its daytime resting place. What we need to know from you first is, how do we kill it?”
The old woman smiled faintly. Judge Long wondered if she was relieved to hear that they were planning on killing the creature or if she relished in sharing her vast knowledge on things that go bump in the night. He decided it was most likely a bit of both. With some effort, she sat up in her bed and said, “Well, as with most beings of the supernatural persuasion, the surest way to dispatch them is by removing their heads.”
Inspector Grant cleared his throat and Long turned to see all of the color had drained from his face. “Remove the head, ya say?” he asked in an unstable voice.
“That’s right,” the old woman continued. “These creatures are ancient. They roamed the earth when swords and sorcery were the only means to battle them. All the bullets in the world won’t stop this creature, not even the silver slugs Z keeps in his revolvers, but one clean slice to the neck with a broad, sharp blade will send it back to Hell.”
The woman spoke of sorcery and dragons as if they were real. Long struggled to accept such things even after all he’d seen in the past few nights. He was brought up with the notion that only man existed. Heaven and Hell, angels and demons, ghosts and goblins, it was all fodder for fantastical stories and superstitious fools. Now here he was, faced with the threat of a dragon and a demon and waiting for a ghost hunter to deliver London’s salvation from the lips of an angel! 
Long’s legs felt weak. He sat down heavily in the chair beside the bed and mumbled more to himself than to the others in the room. “The whole world’s gone mad.”
“The world has always been mad,” Lady Brownstone said in a consoling tone. “You’re only realizing it now and that’s what’s really giving you trouble. These creatures are far older than us and over time they’ve been forgotten. Lost to legends and myths. We humans have driven them from our lands and thus from our minds, especially with all the advances in science and technology. Now they’ve returned and we find ourselves unprepared to deal with them. Wizards are extinct and our knights are now no more than celebrities who have been granted meaningless titles. We can defeat Asmodeus’ monster but as for the demon himself, Z is our only hope.”
Judge Long stood with renewed strength. “Then we will do what we must to give Z the chance he needs.” Turning to the inspector he said, “Grant, go home and sleep if you can. In the morning, gather what men you still have left and arm them with swords. While this monster sleeps, you will take its head as a trophy.”
Grant puffed his chest out. “Aye, sir. And what of this Asmodeus? Midnight is almost upon us.”
“Yes. I will gather a welcoming committee and we will cater to his every whim. Hopefully, if he’s appeased, he will spare us any more misery and call his monster off for the night.” 
“Surely he won’t be happy when his pet is slaughtered.”
“I’ll deal with that when the time comes.”
“Well then, I’m off.”
Judge Long turned back to Lady Brownstone. She looked at him and asked, “Just how did you get mixed up in all this?”
“I had the misfortune of getting to know our local ghost hunter a little too well.” 
The old woman laughed; her strength seemed to be returning. “He certainly has an effect on those around him.”
“Yes, indeed. Sylvia, it’s become clear to us that someone was responsible for summoning these monsters. Thirteen bodies were found in what appears to be a ritual sacrifice. Have you any idea who would be behind something like this?”
“No one comes to mind, though I must admit, there are a lot of members of London’s ‘high society’ who have shown interest in the supernatural, and as good as I am at remembering the names and tales of gods and demons, I’m afraid when it comes to names of mortals I’ve met, I’m terrible. I do have a list of contacts at home. I could have my servant bring it to me and look it over.”
“That would be much appreciated. Once Grant deals with the dragon, he’s going to figure out who did this and I will see to it personally that the perpetrator is dealt the justice due. Get some rest, my dear, I must go and welcome our guest.”
The judge turned to leave but Sylvia Brownstone called him back. “Judge Long, I may know what the demon will request at the moment he arrives.”
“Oh?”
“Women.”
“Women?”
“A lot of women.”

After a quick stop at his house to raid his safe, Judge Long went to the slums of the Whitechapel district, hoping that the area had not been evacuated of a certain type of resident. Exiting his carriage, the judge took in his surroundings with mixed feelings of pity and disgust. It appeared as though the creature had not attacked this area. Probably decided it looked bad enough as is, he thought. 
His driver pointed to a tavern with lights blazing and raucous sounds vibrating its walls. “If you’ll find ‘em anywhere it’s in there, sir.” After catching the judge’s glare, he quickly added, “Not that I’d know, of course.”
Judge Long walked into the tavern. All of its patrons stopped to look at him. He was well dressed and out of place. He raised his voice to speak to the whole lot and uttered a sentence he truly never thought he’d say in his lifetime. “I’m looking for prostitutes that want to get paid!”

The prostitutes were lined up behind Judge Long as they waited for their guest’s arrival. At the foot of Big Ben, floating nearly ten feet off the ground, was the fragile form of the judge’s former clerk, Benson Algood. Z had mentioned The Messenger that had taken the old man’s body, a spirit that only the ghost hunter could see. Now, for whatever reason, Judge Long could see it too. The specter’s skeletal face left an unsettling queasiness in his belly. Yet, he stood his ground, sure that where The Messenger was, Asmodeus would soon appear.
The big clock struck midnight. A fiery light appeared beneath the clerk’s feet and a form emerged to look upon his greeting party. The demon’s feet weren’t cock’s feet at all, but in heavy-looking leather boots. Dark, faded leather pants covered thick, muscular legs. He was shirtless. His red skin was pulled taught over rippling muscles, broad shoulders and massive arms. The tips of his fingers were long, black claws, and from either side of his bald head there sprouted large, ram-like horns that curled down to nearly touch his shoulders. His blazing eyes found the judge and his face (of which he had only one and it was not the face of animal or ogre but was really quite handsome) was graced with a grin, revealing perfect teeth with long, sharp incisors.
With a considerable struggle, Judge Long searched for his voice through the fog of terror and inexplicable sexual attraction in his mind. The being before him created feelings in Long that were completely foreign to him. He was shocked at the realization he had an erection. Clearing his throat, he spoke. “Oh, Great One, welcome back to the living realm!” He bowed and then returned his gaze to the demon.
Asmodeus spoke, and though his hoarse voice was no more than a whisper, it echoed around the judge and the women behind him as if it were whispered in each ear. “Are these for me?”
Judge Long presented the prostitutes with a wave of his hand. “Yours for the taking, My Lord.”
The demon studied them closely. “I’ll start with that one.”
Asmodeus pointed at a dark-haired prostitute with full lips and a large bosom. She was pulled toward him by an unseen force. Judge Long nodded to himself That’s the one I’d have picked, for she was indeed the prettiest of the bunch. The woman levitated to the creature without a struggle. She seemed to be in a daze.
The demon and his mistress disappeared into the clock tower. Judge Long hoped the women he’d gathered would emerge from their meetings unharmed, feeling no more than the completion of a successful night’s work. He also hoped the festivities would keep the demon occupied enough to deter any more damage to the city for the night. Then come morning, perhaps Grant and his men could put an end to the dragon’s rampage. Long looked up to the night sky to see the monster perched on top of Big Ben. Its long neck hung lazily over the clock’s face as it studied what was happening below. Long prayed for the ghost hunter’s quick return.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

The demon Kazul weaved his way through the thick underbrush onto a well-hidden path and the ghost hunter followed. The trail wound up the mountainside and disappeared around a twisted, dead tree. As they followed it, Z noticed that the plant life grew more frail the farther they went. An eerie stillness pervaded the area and the absence of the wind blowing or animals moving through the growth weighed heavy on the ghost hunter’s senses. 
“Not many that know about this path,” the demon said. “They say the devil himself had it placed here, along with the gate, centuries ago. Built by human slaves that were then killed so the secret would be kept and only ol’ Lucifer would be able to come and go as he pleased in these parts.”
“Then how do you know about it?” Z asked.
“The perks of being the right-hand man to The Big Guy.”
“I’m sorry,” Z stopped, struck by the demon’s claim. “You’re saying you work directly for Satan?”
“The one and only,” Kazul had continued walking and Z had to pick up the pace slightly to catch up with him. “Really not a bad chap once you get to know ‘im.” 
“Couldn’t you get in some serious trouble for showing me this path and helping an angel get his halo back from Hell?”
“Aye.”
“Then why do it?”
“Simple. Uriel and me go back a long way. We’ve bled on many battlefields together, sometime as enemies, sometimes as allies, but through it all we came out the other side best blokes. I’d do anything for that angel and he’d do anything for me.”
“Really?”
“Oh aye. Besides,” the demon went on. “Nobody likes Seether, he’s kind of an arsehole.”
Z chuckled. “I must admit, I always assumed demons and angels were natural enemies. It all seems much more complex than that.”
“Well not all demons are bad and not all angels are good, we just play the hand we’re dealt like anyone else.”
“So, how is it that a demon such as yourself is capable of coming and going as he pleases, but Asmodeus must be summoned?”
“Well, I was once human, a long time ago. Seether was too as a matter of fact. There are some of us that are so bad in life that we’re promoted to demons. Then there are some that are possessed by a demon in life and change in that way. If a possession is completed, the human host will die and be reborn as a demon. If any human DNA is in the mix, we’re able to easily move between realms.”
“I don’t imagine you had those peculiar appendages when you were human.”
“Right about that. They came with the transformation, along with the rest of the package you see before you.”
“Incredible.”
Z had a feeling they were nearing the end of the path when all the plant life was blackened and twisted to the point of no return. Looking up at the thick canopy of dead branches, he wondered how long it’d been since the forsaken place had seen the sun. Even the ground in the area looked scorched. 
After some time, the path ended and Z stared up at a solid rock wall. “What now?” he asked.
Kazul stepped forward and uttered a word in a language Z was unfamiliar with. The wall suddenly loosened and fell to the ground in a pile of dust and rocks. What was left before them were two heavy, granite doors, each twice as tall as the average man, with elegant yet terrifying designs on their surface. Depictions of demons with their fanged mouths around human heads, some tormenting or feeding on children. The ghost hunter stared up at the huge doors. He found it hard to believe that he was looking at a gate to Hell. He slowly walked forward and carefully placed a hand on the expertly sculpted façade. Though he expected to feel a strong warmth penetrating the doors from what lie beyond, he was surprised at how very cold the surface was instead.
Kazul spoke again in his strange tongue and the doors separated, swinging inward to reveal a cold, desolate light from the realm beyond. 
“C’mon, Seether isn’t far from here,” Kazul said, placing a comforting hand on Z’s shoulder and breaking his trance. He walked through the gate with Z close behind. As they progressed through a rocky tunnel toward the gray light, Kazul explained the tense relationship that lead to the loss of an angel’s halo. “I guess you could say ol’ Uriel and Seether are feuding neighbors, but that would be a bit of an understatement. These two have been at each other’s throats for hundreds of years and the demon got the win last time they clashed. Stealing an angel’s halo is more than just an embarrassment, it strips said angel of all his powers and clips his wings. Uriel has been trapped in his unassuming human form for nearly a century, unable to retaliate against Seether without his powers.”
“So, what makes Uriel think I can get his halo back?” Z asked. “I am no more powerful than he is.”
“Ah, but you’ve had a lot of experience in fighting the supernatural.”
“Ghosts. I trap ghosts and remove them from people’s homes. Sure, I’ve dispatched a couple of werewolves with silver bullets and staked one vampire while he slept, but demons are a whole different story. I’ve never fought one before.” Z then thought of his ride through the London streets firing his guns empty at the winged demon that had set to tearing the city apart. “Well, not with any success, that is to say.”
Kazul stopped and placed one of his strange hands on Z’s shoulder again, looking him in the eye with what appeared to be sincere sympathy. “And now you got two demons on your hands. I’d hate to be in your shoes, pal.” With that he walked farther down the tunnel, chuckling as he went. “If it helps,” he called back, “demons are no fans of silver either. Your bullets won’t kill Seether, but they may slow him down a little.”
Z took a deep breath and walked on. “That’s good to know.”
When they emerged from the tunnel, Z was surprised by what he saw. The ground was made up of a black, chalky rock that crunched under his boots. Pools of a black substance that seemed to be in a state somewhere between a gas and a liquid, formed in random places around the ground. The black rock that made up the surface shot up toward the sky in some places, like frozen oceanic waves. The sky was a morbid gray with thin, white clouds floating low and though it was cold, something in the air chilled Z to the bone in a way no cold he’d experienced in the living world ever had. It created an ache he seemed to feel in his bones.
“I really expected it to all be fire and brimstone,” Z said.
“That’s all on the lower levels,” Kazul explained. “You’re on the top floor here, it’s kinda like Hell’s lobby.”
“Interesting way to look at it.”
Kazul continued on and Z hurried to stay close to him. He looked over his shoulder to mark the location of the gate they’d come through but what he saw was a dark hole sitting on the ground by itself, like a cave in nothingness. A black so complete no light could penetrate. 
They came over a hill then down into a shallow valley on the other side. Z thought he saw movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to see one of the swirling pools of the black substance on his right. He took two steps toward the pool to study it closer. A black arm shot out of the stuff and clawed the soft ground. Z pulled a gun just as a blackened face appeared through the haze and screeched at him. Kazul was suddenly next to him, using one of his appendages to push Z’s gun down and away from the thing that was crawling toward them.
“Don’t worry,” the demon said. “They aren’t going to hurt you.”
Z looked at the being that was now joined by a second and third on either side. Their skin resembled the bark of a dead tree and as they crawled out of the pool it split and crumbled with each movement.
“What are they?”
“Sinners,” Kazul explained. “Burning in the fires of Hell for all eternity is a novel idea, but it turns out the human soul can only take so much torture. These poor things are what’s left over, discarded here to writhe in pain for the rest of existence.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Aye, but that’s the way it goes for some. Others head to paradise, others still stay on Earth, lost and unable to move on for reasons still unknown to anyone, even themselves. These poor fuckers aren’t a threat though. It’s the ankliosis you have to worry about around here.”
“Ankliosis?”
“Creatures placed in this level for the sole purpose of keeping intruders out. Nasty bastards. One of your gun shots would have alerted them we were here. They wouldn’t mind me being here, but they’d tear you to pieces.”
“Great,” Z said sarcastically. “And what happens when I use a gun to try and slow down Seether?”
“We’ll be inside Seether’s hole by then. They shouldn’t hear it.”
Z nodded his understanding and followed his guide, sparing the writhing, brittle creatures one last look as he went. Farther up the path, the demon stopped and Z stepped up beside him. Just ahead and rising into the dead sky was a mountainous palace with walls that had been eroded with time. As the two stared at the structure, a portion of wall broke and fell to the ground with a dull echo off the surrounding rock walls.
“That’s the place,” Kazul said. “Belonged to some high ranking official centuries ago. Was built to hold loads of servants, but ol’ fang face has holed up in there all by himself.”
“This is not what I pictured when you called it a ‘hole’.”
The demon shrugged. “Figure of speech.”
“How are we supposed to find him in there?”
“We can just follow his stink, I imagine. Not all demons put as high a value on personal hygiene as yours truly.”
“Right.”
“Well, come on then.”
The stench hit Z full on as they entered the palace through the cavernous opening in front. Kazul nodded, an “I told you so” look on his face. He then motioned for Z to follow him and stay quiet. The corridors within the palace were just as scorched and blackened as the ground outside. In several places, there hung framed pictures on the walls, and though the frames were highly polished and exquisitely carved, the art within them was nothing but ash and soot, as if they’d been burned without leaving a scratch on the frames.
Kazul stopped at a fork in the hall and sniffed at the air. Then he motioned toward the right and Z followed. At the end of the hall, Z saw double oak doors, one of which had been ripped off its hinges, perhaps in some long-ago raid on a previous owner, so that it now lay scattered across the threshold. The demon peeked around the one standing door then turned to Z with a disappointed look on his face. 
“What?”
“Look for yourself,” the demon answered.
Z looked around the door. In the middle of the room there sat a throne constructed of human skulls. On that throne sat a demon with fanged teeth as long as daggers. He wore armor on his shoulders that was heavily studded with long spikes and wrapped around his right arm was a thick chain that ended in a large, rusty hook that dangled below his huge hand. Above his bald head shone the brilliant light of an angel’s halo.
Seether was the very monster Z had been shown in his vision, and as Seether sat there on his morbid throne, he stared directly at Z and said in a voice that was like rolling thunder, “Please come in, I’ve been expecting you.”

CHAPTER TWENTY

Judge Long felt light headed from lack of sleep. He sipped at his third cup of tea and waited ever longer in the room with floral print chairs. Finally, the great doors at the front of the room opened and a slender, elderly gent moved through to meet him.
“Judge Long?” the man inquired.
“Yes.”
“Her Majesty will see you now.”
Though Judge Long had met The Queen twice before, he still felt nervous at the impending conference. The Queen had requested him only after hearing how he’d handled the arrival of Asmodeus the night before. Long followed the servant through the doors and into Queen Victoria’s drawing room. The Queen sat at a desk looking far more disheveled than the judge could have ever imagined was possible.
Nevertheless, he bowed before her. “Your Majesty, it is an honor.”
“You may dispense with the pleasantries, Judge Long. We have very little time to prepare for tonight and I need to know what we are facing.”
“Forgive me, Your Majesty, but what happens tonight?”
“Tonight, I will bring Britain’s military might to bear against this devil.”
“With all due respect, Your Majesty, I don’t think it wise to face off against these beings.”
“And what would you suggest?”
“Ghost Hunter Z is on a quest to find the item that will drive this creature away, if we can only stall and give him- ”
“You’re saying I should put the fate of this city in the hands of a charlatan.”
“Your Majesty, everything he’s said has been true. The only reason we have any handle at all on this situation is due to his advice.”
“Regardless, we cannot sit idle while this demon terrorizes our people.”
“But guns have no effect on them.”
“Perhaps we haven’t been using the right guns.”
Judge Long shook his head. “I’m afraid I don’t follow.”
“I was just about to inspect our army. Perhaps you’d feel better about our chances if you came along. You can see just how prepared we are.”
Judge Long agreed to accompany The Queen and they were soon moving through lower levels of the palace that the judge never knew existed and that led to a large iron gate. She then pushed the gate open and led him to a wide warehouse where several hundred men were busy at work on large machines that closely resembled giant soldiers.
“What are they?” the judge asked hearing the wonder in his own voice.
“Steam powered war golems,” Queen Victoria said. “Two hundred of them to be exact, and each one of them equipped with a wonderful American invention called a Gatling gun.”
Large guns were mounted to the shoulders of the massive mechanical men. Belts of large caliber bullets wound from the guns into large packs built onto the backs of the golems. What havoc these monsters could wreak was only beginning to dawn on his imagination. “Your Majesty,” he managed. “You can’t possibly be thinking of marching these things against the demons!”
“And why wouldn’t I? I sanctioned this program to be prepared for any threat to this city and our country. Now is the time to use them.”
“You’re speaking of turning this city into a battleground. The damage could be irreversible.” Despite his attempts at self-control, Judge Long’s voice rose. “I implore you not to go down this road.”
Queen Victoria blinked at him as if he’d slapped her face. Then her expression became stern. “The decision has already been made. When you are queen, you may do things your way, Judge Long, but until that time comes I expect my subjects to respect my decisions.”
The judge stared at her, dumbfounded by her pig-headedness, and finally bowed his head. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
“Now, there is something I need from you. The real reason I’ve called this little meeting.”
“I live to serve, Your Majesty,” Long said, and though it was an attempt to re-enter the Queen’s good graces, he couldn’t help the small amount of spitefulness apparent in his voice. He only hoped she didn’t notice it.
“You’ve gained the demon’s trust with your tactful handling of the situation last night. I need you to nurture that trust.”
“I’m sorry, what do you mean?” Judge Long hoped he had misunderstood her.
“You are going to be our man on the inside. A double agent if you will.”
“That’s what I thought you meant,” Long replied. A shiver ran up his spine, like a frigid wind in a frozen tundra. The last thing he wanted to do was get close to the demon again, but it appeared any hopes he had of his queen handling this in a peaceful manner were in vain. There would be no stalling the creature for Z’s return. It would be all-out war since Queen Victoria was eager to see her war golems in action. He only hoped Inspector Grant was having better luck this morning.

On the bank of the Thames River, with its wretched stench invading his nostrils, Inspector Grant stared into the dark run-off tunnel that may hold a living nightmare deep in slumber. At least his slumber was assumed and Grant prayed it a true assumption. 
Checking his watch, the inspector turned to glance up the hill for any sign of his men. He’d sent a message to Douglas and Randall to meet him here and report any evidence they may have found at the cemetery. He’d also dispatched Officers Whitley and O’Bannon to gather swords from around the city as he knew London had no shortage of them, even if they were decorative these days. They should be meeting him here as well.
Ten minutes later, the four men arrived at the same time, by some happy coincidence, and Grant felt damned glad to see them. Their presence lightened the sense of foreboding surrounding the tunnel, even if it did bring closer the time of entering the makeshift dwelling.
“Inspector,” Douglas called loudly. Grant waved his hands madly and shushed him with one finger over his lips. The officer stopped short of the inspector and stared about in confusion, but continued quietly nonetheless. “Inspector, we’ve concluded our search of Highgate.”
“Did you turn up anything?” Grant inquired.
“Only this.” The officer produced an object wrapped in a tattered rag. Grant took it and pulled the rag back to reveal an ancient dagger with odd designs on its hilt topped with a malicious-looking, grinning skull. On the blade were splashes of dried blood the color of rust. “We believe it may be the murder weapon.” 
“Very good, lads,” Grant commended as he rewrapped the dagger and stashed it inside his coat pocket. “Very good indeed. You other lot, what have you found?” 
Whitley and O’Bannon came forward, each holding an end of a blanket that cradled a small collection of swords. They placed the blades on the ground for inspection. “We also found this hung on a wall at a local tavern,” Whitley said. He reached over his right shoulder and pulled around a massive, two-handed broadsword.
“Nicely done, men,” Grant said. He took the broadsword in hand and felt a thrill of excitement run up his spine. “I better take this one.”
The other men looked at each other for some sign of understanding. When Grant noticed their confusion, he explained. “Men, this sewer tunnel here may be the daytime lair of the winged beast that has been attacking our fair city. I’m asking the four of you to follow me inside and bring an end to this madness.”
“With swords?” Whitley asked.
Grant sighed. “Apparently, the only way to end this creature’s reign of terror is to remove its head from its body.”
The four officers gaped at the inspector with opened-mouthed bewilderment. “What’sat now?” O’Bannon asked.
“We have to cut the bastard’s head off.”
“This is madness!” Officer Randall said.
“Damn right it is,” Grant replied. “And I have no right to ask you men to risk your lives following me. However, my duty is to protect this city and the people in it, from any threat, and I intend to go in there. I hope you all feel the same, even against such an unnatural being.”
With that, he strapped the broadsword to his back, lit one of the three lanterns he’d brought along and stepped into the tunnel’s darkness. Inside, the foulness of the Thames was overshadowed by another stench. Something foreign and evil. Something ancient. He swallowed hard and took a step forward but was stopped by the sound of Officer Randall’s voice behind him. “I can’t help but feel we should be dressed in suits of armor for this.”
Grant wheeled around to find all four men had followed him into the tunnel. “Or a shield for each of us, perhaps?” Whitley added.
“Not likely to find a suit of armor to fit me,” Grant joked. The others chuckled nervously. “These tunnels run for miles under the city and there’s no telling how deep this thing has gone to make its bed. Better we get this over now before another night of havoc is delivered upon us.” 
The other men nodded their agreement and they lit two more lanterns. With renewed resolve and greater confidence, Grant moved farther into the dark tunnel and his men followed.
Over an hour passed as they made their way through the winding tunnels. With each fork in their path, Grant made his decision on what route to take based solely on his sense of smell. The closer they got to the creature, the greater the stink became. Douglas and O’Bannon tied handkerchiefs around their noses and mouths.
Shortly after ascending three steps along their path, the tunnel widened and Grant’s foot connected with something on the cobblestone floor, sending the object skittering a few feet ahead of him. He lowered his lantern and moved forward to get a look at what he had just kicked. Grant’s pulse quickened and his mouth went dry. The light fell upon the discarded femur bone of some poor bloke who had become the demon’s dinner. His stomach twisted in knots. Whitley moved to the far wall and vomited on the floor.
Grant turned to the others and stated the obvious. “I think we’re close.” He moved on and after some hesitation, the others followed. A little farther down the tunnel they began to see more bones. A pelvis here, a rib cage there, a trail of grizzly evidence that finally lead to the heavy breathing of a monster in slumber. The tunnel turned sharply to the left and Grant moved to the wall, motioning for his men to do the same.
Peering around the corner, Grant found the tunnel gave way to a huge chamber where the shadowy, enormous shape of the monster could be seen curled up in the dark. Slowly, Grant raised his lamp and shone its light onto the demon. Its body was covered in scales and its leathery wings were folded against its back. The long neck was wrapped around its bottom half and Grant couldn’t help but think of his English Setter, which he’d seen a million times curled up and sleeping in much the same position.
Quietly, Grant moved around toward the creature’s head and motioned for the others to follow. Bones littered the chamber floor. Grant’s brow broke out in a heavy sweat as he stepped carefully around the mess. Finally, he stood next to the thing’s long neck.  He turned to hand his lamp off to Douglas. With both hands free, Grant pulled the heavy broadsword from the strap on his back and hefted it high above his head. Just as he was about to make his strike, Douglas, in the act of passing Grant’s lamp off to Whitley dropped the lamp in the exchange and it crashed to the floor. The fuel ignited and spread across the floor, casting a blazing light over the chamber and bringing the demon out of its slumber. The creature was on his feet, head rearing back, wings unfurled and an angry roar filling the room and reverberating off the walls.
A large arm swung through the air. Grant was off his feet and slammed against the wall. The wind was knocked from his lungs. Hellish flames filled the air and O’Bannon was suddenly engulfed in fire, running toward the tunnel, screaming in pain. Grant slowly got to his feet with one thought repeating in his mind: We should have found shields. We should have found shields. We should have found shields.
Randall rushed forward with a primal scream and swung his sword at the back of the monster’s knee. The leg buckled and the demon’s weight shifted, forcing it off balance for a moment. In the blink of an eye, Whitley was swept off his feet by the giant creature’s swiping tail. Douglas managed to dodge the tail and stabbed his blade into the monster’s hindquarters. Another roar of pain and flames spewed from the fiend’s mouth once again. 
Officer Randall rolled away from the attack just in time and Whitley got to his feet to make his own attack run with his sword held high. The demon scooped him up in one clawed hand and shoved the officer in his mouth. As sharp fangs drove into Whitley’s chest, he gave one last effort and shoved his blade into one of the monster’s beady eyes. The thing screeched and dropped Whitley to the floor. The monster dropped his head low, swiping blindly at its face.
Grant saw his opportunity and ran at the demon with the broadsword held tightly in both hands. With all his might, Grant brought the blade upward through the soft underside of the demon’s neck. The sword sliced cleanly through and the monster’s head tumbled to the floor.
The creature’s body flailed wildly. One sharp claw caught Officer Douglas, removing his left hand from his arm. Finally, the dragon’s body fell still and all was quiet, besides the crackling fires that caught randomly around the chamber. 
Grant was shaking badly. The sword fell from his hands with a clang. He rushed over to Whitley but the man had died from his wounds, bleeding to death after he’d given the others the chance they’d needed. Grant looked to Officer Randall and saw he was no worse for wear. Then he looked to Officer Douglas in time to see the man shove his bloody stump into one of the burning piles of bone, cauterizing his wound.
“Christ, Douglas,” Grant called. “I always heard you were a tough bastard.”
Officer Douglas nodded and began to laugh maniacally. Grant and Randall joined him with laughs of their own, letting the intensity of the moment drain along with the adrenaline from their bodies. “Alright,” Grant said once the three of them had calmed. “Help me get our fallen brothers out of this godforsaken place. They deserve a proper burial and ceremony.”
“And then?” asked Randall.
“Then we track down the shit heel responsible for all this. It’s not over yet, lads.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Z fingered his revolver’s handle as Seether stood from his ghastly throne. As he walked toward them, the demon wrapped his large hand around the chain and swung the rust-covered hook to and fro in a playful manner.
“You needn’t worry about your guns,” Seether said. “I know what you’ve come for and I’ll put up no fight.”
Z looked to Kazul uncertainly. Kazul shrugged, clearly just as confused by this as Z.
“So, you’re just going to hand over the halo?” Z asked.
“Well, I didn’t say that,” Seether said. Despite his savage look, Z thought the demon flamboyant and pompous. “There is something you can do for me, so instead I offer a trade. A favor for a favor.”
Z rolled his eyes. “I’m afraid time is of the essence,” Z explained. “We can’t afford to run errands for every supernatural creature this side of the Earth.”
“Not to worry,” said Seether. “What I want lies in the very path you wish to take.”
“Alright. What’s your request?”
“You wish to drive away Asmodeus once you obtain the fish you seek.”
“That’s right.”
“I want you to kill him.”
This was a surprising turn of events. “What’s in it for you if I do?”
“His death means the demons would require a new king. I would be that king, for I am next in line.”
Could all of this really be so easy? Z had killed his fair share of monsters and had no qualms about doing it again. He addressed Kazul without taking his eyes off Seether. “What do you think?”
Kazul moved closer and spoke so that Seether couldn’t hear. “It’s your choice. It would certainly be a lot easier than fighting for the damned thing. However, giving Seether that kind of power could be bad for everyone in the long run.”
“How long are we talking?”
“Could be a year from now, could be a hundred years from now, hard to say, but as dangerous as Asmodeus is, he may be a kitten compared to this arsehole.”
Could that be what his vision was about? Some far-off event that would bring the two of them face to face again? It was something he would have to risk. London and its people were in trouble now and action had to be taken.
“Very well,” Z said to the demon. “You have a deal. How do I kill him?”
“A blade dipped in the oil of the very fish you seek then driven into the back of Asmodeus’ neck at the base of his skull. That would do the trick.”
“And the fish?”
“That is still information that must be obtained by our angel friend.”
“Alright then, it will be done.”
Seether pulled the halo from the air over his head and handed it to Z. He then held his hand out to shake on their deal. When Z took the demon’s hand, Seether pulled him close and spoke in a serious tone. “I’m taking you at your word, hunter. If Asmodeus lives through this, I will come for you.”
Z nodded. “Understood.”
The hunter broke away from the demon, placed the halo in his satchel and walked from the room, eager to get away from the imposing monster. As Kazul turned to follow, Seether spoke again. “By the way, Kazul, while I was not in the mood for a fight today, you may find your return to the surface a rather difficult trip.”
Seether began to chuckle and Kazul left on the run to catch up with his human companion. Z heard the demon running up behind him and turned, expecting an attack.
“Better get moving,” Kazul said as he ran past, “ankliosis are coming.”
They left the palace at a sprint and Z, with his smaller size, quickly outran the large demon. They ran through the valley, careful to dodge the black pools on either side of the trail. Z’s legs began to burn and his breathing became labored. A part of him wanted to stop and rest but from behind they heard the screech of something moving quickly on the hills above.
Movement from the corner of his eye. The thing coming down the rocky hillside ran on all fours with a large, muscular body and a long neck topped with a round head that sprouted a thin fin from the top. At the end of its paws were long, black talons and at the end of its swaying tail was a heavy ball that looked primed for destruction.
Z pulled the revolver off his right side and put two slugs into the monster’s chest. It slowed briefly but then kept coming strong. Z came to a sudden stop narrowly missing the snapping mouth of needle-like teeth. He quickly pulled his second gun and fired double-fisted into the thing’s mid-section. The impact of the slugs and the creature’s momentum toppled it. As it struggled to regain its feet, a second ankliosis reared up behind Z with talons ready to rip him to shreds.
Before Z could react, something that resembled a rope wrapped around the thing’s long neck and Kazul was suddenly on its back. The rope was one of the long fingers the demon had coiled up on each of his hands. The ankliosis struggled to breathe. Kazul pulled hard on the choking finger then wrestled the fiend to the ground.
Z turned back to the first monster in time to see the ball-tipped tail heading toward him, but no time to react. The tail made contact with his stomach and Z was airborne. With the wind ripped from his lungs, it seemed to Z as if he’d never land after the attack, but finally he hit the side of a rocky hill. He immediately began to cough in an attempt to bring the rancid air into his lungs. Then a hand wrapped around his ankle, pulling him downward. The blackened, charred hand of a tortured soul pulled him toward one of the pools. A charcoal black face emerged from the substance and hissed in its agony.
“Kazul!” Z shouted. The demon was using his long fingers as whips, lashing at the remaining monster’s face to keep it at bay. Z felt helpless as a second and third hand gripped his kicking feet. He was vaguely aware of his hat falling off his head. Then he remembered the revolvers gripped tightly in his hands. He pointed the guns down and fired. The slugs hit the arm but instead of spraying blood, ash puffed from the wounds. One of the hands lost its grip and disappeared back into the pool. Z shot the chambers empty, then worked fast to reload from the bullets on his belt. He blasted the remaining arms, tearing one apart and leaving a disembodied hand gripping his ankle. Free of the hands, he got to his feet and made a wide berth around the black pool. 
The remaining ankliosis was now whipping back at Kazul with its tail. The stand-off could have gone on forever if it hadn’t been for Z’s blazing guns. The slugs knocked the monster off balance and Kazul took the opportunity to get a finger around its long neck, bring it to the ground and choke the life from it. Once it stopped moving, Kazul released it and the fingers coiled instantly back under his palms. 
“Those things seem handy,” Z said staring at the fingers as he placed his Stetson back on his head.
The demon gave a crooked smile. “They have their uses.”
“You must be very popular with the ladies.”
The demon chuckled. “I do alright. How are you?”
“I’m going to be sore in the morning, no doubt, but no worse for wear.” 
“Good, let’s get moving before more of those bastards show up.”
They continued on the trail at a quick jog and managed to get to the doorway and back to the surface without further incident. Z emerged from the door into the frigid air and harsh winds of the mountains and relished it. Daylight was well under way and Z was relieved to know London was safe for the moment with any demon’s disdain for moving around in the light. Kazul was clearly uncomfortable at the brightness, flinching away and sticking to the shade offered by the evergreens. Snow fell on the peaks as they made their way back to the angel’s cabin, and when Z caught sight of the snow-covered rooftop, he couldn’t help but smile.
When Z entered, Sheila looked toward the door with worry apparent on her face, her eyes red from crying. This quickly gave way to relief as she rushed into Z’s open arms. “I’m so glad you’re back,” she sighed. Z hugged her close.
Uriel stepped forward, his face an expressionless mask. “Well?”
Z pulled away from Sheila and reached into his satchel. He pulled the glowing loop of light from inside and held it up to the angel. Uriel sighed heavily and took the halo from Z’s hand. Carefully, he placed it over his head where it hung suspended, then large, white wings sprang from the angel’s back and he gave a moan as if reaching sexual climax.
“Getting the halo back was actually the easy part,” Kazul informed.
“What happened?” Uriel asked.
Kazul and Z recounted their trip into Hell and the other three listened, enraptured by the tale.
Once they’d finished, the angel frowned. “Seether’s ascension to King of Demons could have dangerous repercussions.”
“An issue that can be dealt with when it arises,” Z said. “Surely you realize we had no choice. London, and perhaps all mankind, is in trouble right now.”
“Of course,” Uriel said after pondering Z’s words. “Time is growing ever shorter. We’ll need to find that fish.”
“Yes,” Z agreed. “What kind of fish do we need exactly? Where can we find it?”
“It’s called a Greater Weever fish. It’s very poisonous and very rare. Usually it makes its home in the Atlantic or the Mediterranean, though it has appeared from time to time in the Thames River.”
“If it’s so rare,” Reg inquired, “how are we supposed to catch one?”
“As it happens,” Uriel continued, “I know of a fisherman who caught one a few months back and has kept it as a pet. And he lives north of London, just outside of Cambridge.”
Z couldn’t believe his luck. “Do you think he’d part with it?”
“Perhaps, if the price is right. I must warn you, however, he is a rather eccentric fellow.”
“Of course he is,” Z said. “We should get moving. We have a long trip ahead of us.”
“You won’t make it in time,” the angel pointed out. “By the time you get back to London it will be reduced to ashes.”
“Asmodeus couldn’t possibly do that much damage in a couple of days.”
“There’s far more going on in London than you’re aware of,” Uriel said. This forced a strange fear to ignite in Z’s brain.
“What choice do we have?” Z inquired.
“I can get you there faster.” The angel’s wings quivered as if they were individual life forms that had suddenly grown excited about the prospect of taking to the skies after so long on the ground. 
Z looked at his friends doubtfully. Sheila shook her head. Reg shrugged. He said, “Sir, I don’t think this is a good idea.”
“I’d only be able to take one of you,” Uriel added. “The other two would have to go back the way they came, in horse and coach. I’m guessing, Z, you’d be the one to take flight with me? You are the ghost hunter after all.”
Z knew it was the only way. He moved to Sheila and took her in his arms, then kissed her deeply, marveling at the warmth of her mouth and how he could have ever mistaken her for the dead. “When this is over,” Z said, “we are going to take a long break in the country wearing very little in the way of clothing.”
She smiled her sweet smile. “I look forward to it.”
Z then turned to Reg and held out his hand but Reg pushed the offer aside and took Z in his arms. “No worries,” Reg said in his ear, “I’ll take care of the lady for you.”
“I know you will, old friend,” Z returned. He backed away and looked at the two of them. “I will see that this disaster is resolved before the two of you return home. We’ll meet back at the shop and celebrate with a vintage spirit.” The two nodded in silence and Z turned back to the angel. “So, how do we go about this?”
“Follow me.”
Z followed with Sheila, Reg, and Kazul close behind. Uriel spread his wings wide and groaned as though he were stretching limbs that had been folded in the same position for a substantial amount of time. Z supposed that analogy wasn’t far from the truth.
“I suppose it’s best if you hold onto my back,” the angel instructed.
Z moved behind the angel and wrapped his arms awkwardly around the being’s now shirtless shoulders. “Alright, now what?”
“You’ll need to hold on tight,” Uriel said. “And I mean tight. We will be moving at a great speed.”
“Got it.”
“I’m not joking, it’s very important you don’t slip off.”
Z held his hands out in exasperation. “I got it.”
The angel looked back at Z, until their noses almost touched and in a very serious tone said, “We will be traveling at such a great speed that the lines between this dimension and others will blur. Should you lose your grip and fall from my back, part of you may slip into one of these other planes and your body will be ripped to shreds. So, forgive me if I’m persistent in assuring that you understand just how important it is to keep a tight grip on me as we fly.”
Z swallowed with some effort, feeling more trepidation than ever at the prospect of flying on an angel’s back. He nodded. “I feel I have a clear understanding now.”
“Very well then,” Uriel said. “If you’re ready…”
Z did a quick mental checklist, wondering if he’d need anything other than what was on his person. Then he nodded to the angel once again, as ready as he’d ever be. Uriel bent his knees and Z, after sparing one last look at Sheila, Reg, and Kazul, all of whom wore identical expressions of doubt, wrapped his arms tighter over the angel’s shoulders and around his neck.
Uriel’s wings spread upward with a flutter, his knees bent even more and the atmosphere around them shimmered like a heat mirage. Then with a sudden and incomprehensible speed, the wings shifted down and the two of them shot up. The blue sky seemed to bleed into black as streaks of light flashed around them. Z felt disoriented and nauseated. He closed his eyes to keep from vomiting and prayed the trip would be over soon.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Judge Long watched from his office window as giant, steam-powered war golems marched the streets of London with hundreds of soldiers walking among them carrying loads upon loads of coal to power the monstrosities. The city’s residents (those few who hadn’t fled to outlying towns) cheered the mechanical men on as if they had come to save them all. He was sure that’s what they all believed, just as The Queen believed, but Judge Long couldn’t shake the feeling that the city was about to be torn asunder.
The office door opened and Long didn’t have to turn to know who had entered. The heavy foot falls of the large Inspector Grant told him all he needed to know. “How goes your hunt for the creature, Inspector?”
“Well, sir, the hunt is over,” Grant answered.
The judge turned and gaped at the sight of Grant. Blood splattered his face, covered his clothes, and as he walked farther into the office, Long could hear it squelch in his shoes. In one hand, he held the hilt of a huge sword and dragged it along the floor, clearly too exhausted to lift it.
“Good God, man!” Judge Long cried out. “What happened? Are you hurt?”
Grant gave a weak chuckle. “Not to worry, none of this blood is mine. At least I don’t think it is.”
“And the creature?”
“Dead. I lost two good men in the fight, but the thing is dead as a doornail, as Dickens might say.”
The judge rushed to the inspector and shook his blood covered hand. “Finally, some good news. I’ll send word to The Queen immediately. Well done, old chap. Well done indeed.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Now, if I could only get The Queen to call off her army of mechanicals and give Z more time.”
“I was wondering about those things,” Grant said. “They’re on our side then?”
“Yes, though I fear they may be more trouble than Her Majesty realizes.” 
“Sounds like you got a lot on your plate.”
“Yes, more than enough,” the judge said, his mind churning away, searching for a solution. He then noticed his friend was swaying on his feet. “Please, Inspector, sit a while. I’ll fetch you something to drink. You must regain your strength. A hot bath and some rest should be in your very near future.”
The judge left the office and returned moments later with a glass of gin.
“Thank you, sir,” Grant said.
The judge took a seat across from the inspector and said, “You’ve done this city a great service, Inspector Grant and you need to rest, however, we haven’t time to cool our heels too much on this. It’s time you track down the very human culprits that have brought this city into the grips of Hell.”
“Of course, sir, but what of this army?”
“Steer clear of it,” Grant ordered. “Hopefully your investigation won’t bring you anywhere near the coming battle.”
“Begging your pardon, sir, but aren’t the mechanical men a good thing? You don’t believe they can send this demon back to where he came from?”
“Asmodeus is called the King of the Demons for a reason, I’m sure,” Judge Long answered. “He will not be easily killed and I have no doubt he can call upon an army of beasts to match the might these mechanical soldiers can muster. In short, London is about to become a battleground of biblical proportions.”
Grant sat back in his chair with a stunned look on his face, then said, “Well, when you put it that way…”
“Yes, and I’m afraid Queen Victoria isn’t listening to reason on this.”
“What’s your next move?”
“I suppose I’ll visit Lady Brownstone and see if she can offer any advice on the matter. And what about you? Do you have a starting point for your investigation?”
“Oh yes,” the inspector said as he reached into his coat. “I nearly forgot. My men turned this up in the cemetery.”
Grant unwrapped the dagger and held it out to Judge Long. The judge studied it a moment, marveling at the intricate design. “Interesting. Perhaps you should accompany me to the hospital. I’m sure our good Lady Brownstone can offer some useful information on this as well.”
Once Inspector Grant felt able, the two men left the office and hit the street in time to see the last of the war golems marching toward Big Ben and Parliament. The ground shook with each step the mechanized soldiers took, as if the cobblestone streets might fall into the underground sewers at any moment. Judge Long walked hurriedly to a waiting cab pulled by a rather nervous looking horse, all snorts and shuffling hooves, and climbed inside with Grant hefting his weight in beside him, tired and in desperate need of a bath. 
On the ride, Grant recounted his noble fight against the dragon in its makeshift lair, careful not to leave out his officers’ heroic exploits. Judge Long insisted they would all be honored in ceremony once it was all over, then he told the inspector of his visit with The Queen and what she expected of him as a double agent in the midst of the ensuing fight.
“Sounds like a dangerous mission,” Grant said.
“Indeed,” Judge Long agreed. “The Queen’s requests shall be honored, though. No matter how insane.”
The hospital’s halls were lined with cots, patients screaming or crying, left out of the overcrowded rooms by the flow of wounded that had come as a result of the attack on London. The two men finally made it into Lady Brownstone’s room (though not without several concerned looks at Grant in his blood covered clothes, one nurse even tried to sit him on a cot for treatment) to find her sitting up and alert.
“Well,” she said, “if it isn’t the hero of our story. Surely we shall soon have to call you Sir Charles Grant.”
“You’ve heard?” Grant asked.
“News spreads fast, especially if The Queen thinks it will help calm her subjects in the face of disaster. And what brings you gentlemen here today. More supernatural business I expect.”
The gleam reflected in the woman’s eyes was in stark contrast to the ever-present dread Judge Long felt the past few days. He sat beside her on the bed while Grant hovered quietly nearby. “I’m glad to see you’re feeling better, madam. And yes, we have come seeking your advice.”
“I’ll help in any way I can.”
“Grant, show her the dagger.”
Grant pulled the wrapped bundle from his coat pocket and handed it over to the old woman. She pulled the rag back from the blade, and gasped. She put one hand to her chest as if to catch the heart that was bound to beat its way through to the surface.
“I take it you recognize this weapon,” Judge Long said.
“Indeed. It’s called the Morte Stare, which translates from Latin as the Death Stand. It was forged in ancient Rome and used in ritual sacrifices by Roman priests. These sacrifices were often believed to appease various deities, but in some circumstances, it was used to summon them. Though in order to call upon one of them in this manner, several sacrifices needed to be made. A lot of blood spilled.”
Judge Long shared a knowing look with Inspector Grant.
“This particular dagger,” Lady Brownstone went on, “was on display at the Vatican for several decades since its discovery in an archaeological dig in the 1820s. It was stolen nearly two years ago. Odd that it would turn up here.”
“Unless our thief is the one behind all this,” Grant said.
“That or the blade was purchased from the thief by our suspect,” Judge Long said.
“Possible,” the inspector said, “but doubtful. Anyone cunning enough to pull off a theft from one of the most secure places in the world would also be capable of bringing this nightmare upon the city. Though I believe this to be the work of a group of people, I’ll wager this thief is their ringleader.”
“And he’s probably been planning this thing for years,” Long said.
“Or she,” Lady Brownstone said.
“Blimey!” Grant exclaimed. Long saw the look of an epiphany on his face. “Sheila.”
“Who?” the judge and the Lady asked together. 
“The woman who searched all of Europe to find Z. Could this all be a plot to get back at him for abandoning her in the States?”
Judge Long said, “That seems a stretch. I’m sure there are thousands of people in London who have traveled throughout Europe in the last two years and hundreds that have been to the Vatican.”
“Right,” Grant said. 
“But you must entertain all theories, however unlikely. Inspector, perhaps you should go home, get cleaned up and catch a little nap before you get back into this. Might help to clear your head.”
“Perhaps,” Grant said. “Well then, I’ll keep you updated.” And with a tip of his bowler to Lady Brownstone, Grant was off.
Once they were alone, the judge explained to the old woman all that had transpired since last he’d seen her. She was horrified but impressed at his offering to the demon king the night before and shocked at Queen Victoria’s bullheaded refusal to listen to the man who had been in the thick of the situation from the beginning.
“And now she insists I act as her inside man,” the judge went on. “I’ve no idea how I can possibly continue to stay on this fiend’s good side.”
“My dear Judge Long,” the Lady said with a knowing grin. She placed one wrinkled hand on his arm. “The answer you seek lies in your hand.”
Judge Long looked down and realized he was absentmindedly gripping the wrapped dagger. He looked back to the old woman, questioning.
Lady Brownstone elaborated. “If you keep the blade on you, he will assume that you are the one who summoned him here. He will see you as a co-conspirator.”
Long stood and slowly paced the room. “If that’s true, why would the one who truly summoned him leave the dagger behind?”
“That’s a good question.”
“I have a bad feeling about all this. There’s a plot afoot we aren’t seeing and I can’t even begin to work out the details.”
“Perhaps you should take your own advice and get home for some rest before nightfall. Your mind is too exhausted to work things out right now.”
“Yes, perhaps you’re right. I’m going to send someone up to sit outside your door. If anything else should occur to you, send a message along with him, he will get it to me.”
“Of course, Your Honor,” the Lady said. She took his hand and squeezed it gently. “Good luck to you.”
“And to you, dear lady.”

Nightfall was only an hour away. Grant felt refreshed after washing up and replacing his ruined clothes. As he stepped onto the street outside his flat he caught sight of Officer Randall walking toward him followed, miraculously, by the one-handed Officer Douglas climbing down from a coach cab.
“Douglas, shouldn’t you be resting?”
“I’ll be resting plenty when I’m in me grave,” the officer said.
“That may not be far off the way you’re going,” Inspector Grant said. “Come on then, we have much to do.”
Grant’s first stop was the local cathedral. He needed more information on the Vatican and just how someone could have removed the dagger from on site. With luck, he could find a clergyman with some insight on the subject. The most logical option would be St. Paul’s Cathedral, the tallest structure in London and home of the city’s Bishop, Frederick Temple. Grant only hoped the massive building had survived the attack from Asmodeus’ winged demon.
Grant ordered the driver to avoid Big Ben (where an army of men and mechanical men alike were preparing to do battle with the King of Demons) and get them to St. Paul’s. The horses pulled the coach along the north end of St. James Park to connect with the A4. London’s notoriously heavy traffic was much lighter in these days of death and destruction. Above the city, Grant caught sight of several military blimps, no doubt given the order to return to the skies after the news of the death of the fiend that had been terrorizing the city the past few nights. The blimps would most likely be playing a part in The Queen’s grand attack strategy.
“Alright, men,” Grant started as the coach moved along. “I’ve been thinking on this case since we left each other’s company this morning. I’ve come up with a bit of a profile on the character we’re looking for.” He paused as Randall pulled a notepad and pen from his inside jacket pocket. “The perpetrator would have to be well off, first of all. Someone with enough financial comfort to travel around Europe. It very well could be someone in a public position such as a member of Parliament or even the Royal Family. Douglas, stop looking at me as if I’m a nutter.
“This person would also have some leadership qualities,” Grant continued. “I have absolutely no doubt he or she had accomplices to the crime. Perhaps a cult of some sort. Lastly, the person we’re looking for must have vast knowledge in all things religious and supernatural.”
As Grant made this last point it occurred to him he already knew two individuals who fit this description. For the most part, anyhow. The ghost hunter certainly had the knowledge, though he didn’t possess the money nor much in the way of leadership skills. He actually seemed quite offensive toward other people and wanted little to do with them unless they were paying customers.
Then there was Lady Brownstone, who was most certainly a public figure, had the financial capability and the knowledge. Could the two of them have worked together to conjure this nightmare upon London? Grant didn’t think it likely, though it was a theory and he could not afford to dismiss any possibility. In hindsight, he supposed he should have waited for Lady Brownstone to supply her list of others around the city who shared her interest in the supernatural. Nothing to be done for it now, but perhaps he should pay her another visit soon.
Pulled from his thoughts, Grant had barely registered they had reached their destination and the coach was coming to a stop. Atop Ludgate Hill, St. Paul’s Cathedral’s domed roof reached up toward the heavens, towering over all else in London. Inspector Grant had always been impressed by the architecture of the building no matter how many times he beheld it. Up the steps and into the cavernous arches within, the inspector was flanked on either side by his two officers who accounted for three hands between them. The pews were packed with London’s citizens vying for position in the House of God that for all intents and purposes appeared to be undamaged.
Grant weaved his way through the crowd and found the nearest clergyman. “Excuse me, Father.”
The priest was young and clearly overwhelmed by those who sought guidance in this disaster and had overrun the cathedral. “Sir, you must be patient, we will find space for all who seek sanctuary from the devils outside.”
“Actually, Father, I’m Inspector Grant with Scotland Yard,” Grant said. “I wonder if I might have a word with the Bishop.”
“I’m sorry,” the priest said, turning to walk away from Grant and his men. “The Bishop is entirely too busy to see anyone without an appointment in advance.”
Grant followed the man toward the pulpit. “Sir, I assure this meeting I seek is of the utmost importance. I need information from Bishop Temple that could very well bring this chaos to a close.”
The priest finally stopped and turned to study the inspector. Grant continued, “Look, Father…?”
“Stephon, James Stephon.”
“Father Stephon, I implore you to take us to the Bishop. The future of this city may depend on it.”
Realization seemed to finally dawn on the young priest. “Very well, Inspector, follow me.”
Grant ordered his men to stay among the destitute and help them in any way they could. Meanwhile, he followed Father Stephon toward the rear of the cathedral and into the dark halls beyond the pulpit. Bishop Frederick Temple was a squat, balding old man with a mess of white hair on his head and matching hair sprouting from his ears and nostrils. He was busy sorting through a mess of papers on his desk.
“Bishop Temple,” the young priest said. “This is Inspector Grant. He’d like to ask you some questions.”
“Questions?” the Bishop asked. He paused in his rummaging and stared up at Grant.
“Bishop Temple,” Grant said. “I’m conducting an investigation to figure out who’s behind the summoning of these demons. I was wondering if I could draw upon your knowledge of the Vatican, if indeed you can offer such help.”
“The Vatican? Of course,” the bishop said. “Father Stephon, please leave us.”
Bishop Temple motioned for Grant to have a seat on the other side of his desk. Grant looked around the office and was impressed by the sheer size of it. 
“Well, Inspector,” the bishop said. “Can I offer you anything, some communion wine perhaps?”
Grant was momentarily taken aback. “I’m alright, thanks.”
The bishop pulled an ornate bottle from behind his desk. “You don’t mind if I partake, do you?”
Before Grant could answer, the elderly man had already filled a glass and was taking in large gulps. “Well then, what is it you’d like to know?”
“I was wondering if you’ve ever had the opportunity to visit the Vatican, and if so, could you enlighten me on some aspects of the place?”
“Oh, of course. What exactly would you like to know?”
“Well, I’d like to learn more about the artifacts found within the walls.”
“Ah, the Vatican museums as well as the Sistine Chapel hold some of the world’s greatest works of art. All of the Renaissance greats are represented there in sculptures and paintings. It’s truly a wonderful place if you’re a fan of great artwork. I believe there are more than fifty galleries throughout the city.”
“And what of ancient artifacts like daggers?”
The bishop stroked the stubble on his haggard, wrinkled chin, pondering the question. “I suppose the Sala Rotonda would hold such an artifact. That particular museum is known for ancient mosaics and statues.”
“How easy would it be to steal one of these artifacts?”
“Well, there is fairly strong security in place throughout the city, but a great many tourists move through these museums over the course of a year. I suppose if someone had a propensity and skill set for thievery, it would be relatively easy to steal such a small item.”
“I wonder if you can think of anyone of a similar status to your own who would steal such an item from the Vatican. Perhaps someone with a desire to bring the terror of the past few nights on us.”
The bishop downed the rest of his wine and refilled his glass. “That would be quite an accusation, Inspector, and one I wouldn’t make lightly.”
“I understand that Bishop Temple, but there is someone very human behind all this and this person and any cohorts must be brought to justice.”
The bishop sipped more wine as he considered the possible suspects. “There is one such person I can think of. Someone who has great knowledge of the supernatural and the wealth to travel and visit the museums of Vatican City, though I can’t imagine her as a thief. She is in fact a very well-respected member of our society, even if she is known to have a bit of a mean streak. Especially when it come to her servants.”
“And what is this woman’s name?” Grant asked, though he feared he already knew the answer.
“The Lady Sylvia Brownstone.”
Inspector Grant let out a heavy sigh. “Thank you, Bishop Temple, you’ve been most helpful.”
“Glad to be of service.”
Grant stood to leave, but when he opened the door it occurred to him he needed to know one last thing. “Bishop, when were you last in Vatican City?”
“Oh, six months ago perhaps.”
“And before that?”
“Before that it had been six months more I suppose. As bishop, I travel there at least twice a year.”
Grant nodded. “Of course. Thank you again, Bishop Temple.”
“Any time, Inspector.”
Grant left the cathedral and returned to the coach with Douglas and Randall close behind. “Driver!” He called out to the coachman. “We’ll need to visit the home of Lady Brownstone.”

 The sun was setting as Johnathon Crosby walked down Tufton Street. Crosby was a small time crook who had seen the evacuation of the city as a golden opportunity. He thought of all the empty houses and flats just bursting with valuables and he made the decision to stay behind and strike, taking his chances with the monsters attacking the city. And it had paid off.
The first night he had cleaned up, scoring loads of jewelry, fine dinnerware, and cash. Things had only improved since then. Crosby found a nice, seldom used alley where he’d stashed all the goods he’d found so far. If and when the crisis ended, Crosby would sell it all and be set for years to come.
Crosby came to his alley to make a fresh deposit on his treasures, sterling silver silverware clanking together in the many pockets of his overcoat, when there came a crash from the darkened end? where his stash was hidden. 
“Bloody wankers,” Crosby grunted as he crept down the alley. He was well aware that there had been other thieves who had had the same idea as him when this whole evacuation business had started. Crosby intended to catch red-handed the bastard messing with his stuff. 
Another crash and a bejeweled necklace skidded from the shadows and stopped right in front of him. This was followed by a rough grunt. Crosby felt enraged that someone would treat such treasure so disrespectfully. “Alright, ye filthy sod, come off me things and show yer self.”
The reply that came to Crosby was a low growl. He was suddenly sure he was about to tangle with some homeless git that had lost his mind along with everything else in his life. What came from the shadows instead was a slathering beast with wicked, black claws and quivering wings.
Crosby stumbled backward and tripped over his own feet. The demon stalked closer, snapping his sharp teeth together as if taunting the crook in front of him. Crosby hurried to his feet and ran back down the alley for the street. He didn’t hear the demon giving chase, but he didn’t dare look back to make sure. Rounding the corner and back on Tufton Street, Crosby ran as fast as his skinny legs would allow. He ran until he couldn’t run anymore and was forced to stop and catch his breath. He looked at the walk behind him and found it empty. With hands on his knees and a stitch in his side, Crosby blew out several calming breaths to get his heart rate under control. Then came a rush of air above him. He turned to see the demon land in front of him.
The last thing Crosby saw were the black claws slashing at his face.

Susan Witherspoon couldn’t evacuate. Her son was ill, far too sick to move, and hiding out in her west side townhome. Rutherford Witherspoon, Susan’s husband, had died three years before, leaving her to raise their three girls and one boy on her own. Fortunately, he’d also left them a generous amount of money and a fine home to live in. Now, however, she feared she may lose it all to the creatures that had come to torment the residents of London.
Susan’s son Jack had come down with the flu and now his fever was at its highest point. Dragging him out in the cool October air was something she felt could only make his condition worse. It was a tough decision, but she felt it best to keep him in bed and with no family to take her daughters out of the city, the five of them were stuck there.
As night fell, Susan refrained from lighting the lamps in the house, instead keeping a low fire burning in the fireplace. Keeping Jack warm was important, for once his fever broke, he would most likely be shivering as he was before his temperature rose. He was the youngest of her children and she’d seen the pattern before in all of her girls. Now, it was best to keep the lighting low and not draw attention to the house. They were in hiding, waiting out the crisis and praying nightly for a quick resolve.
“Mother, is Jack going to be alright?” Samantha asked. At six, she was nearly two years older than Jack and she was very much the worrier of the bunch. There was a fear in her expression that Susan didn’t like. She was afraid the girl would worry herself into throwing up before bedtime.
“Yes, darling, Jack will be just fine. You’ve all been through the flu and came out healthy as ever on the other side.”
“That’s true,” Gertrude said. She was the oldest and always helpful. “I remember when I had it. It was awful, but now I’m just fine. Jack will be too.”
Helen was the quiet one. She listened to the exchange for a moment then went back to drawing on the stack of paper in front of her. Susan was fascinated by her. Never a worry, never a complaint, always creative and quiet.
This all changed when a crashing sound came from the kitchen. Suddenly, all of her girls were looking to her with worry on their faces. Susan stood from Jack’s bedside. “Stay here.”
Out into the hallway, Susan felt her way quietly along the dark hall. She jumped at the sound of a pot hitting the floor. Now frozen, Susan had to will her feet to move farther down the hall to see who or what was scrounging around in her kitchen. She was moving again, but now her steps were more hesitant. Her breathing was quick and too loud. She realized her mouth was open and clamped it closed in an attempt to stay quiet. It was quiet in the kitchen now. The only sound that came to her was that of the blood rushing through her body from her rapidly beating heart.
Susan heard the door for the pantry slam against the wall. She slid a little farther down the hall so she could see into the kitchen. The demon was there in the pantry, tearing into the food she had stocked inside. The food she’d hoped would last them through the horror that faced them. The window behind the demon was broken. Her thoughts were too chaotic. What would she do now? What could she do? Fight? Hide? Pray for a miracle?
The demon turned and his eyes were upon her. Instinctively, she ran. Back down the hall toward her children. The demon crashed into the hall behind her, growling and grunting, chasing down his prey. Susan’s only thought was getting to her children and protecting them at all costs. It never occurred to her in her panic, that she was leading the creature right to them.
She rushed into the room with the demon right behind her and her girls ran into her arms. She gathered them behind her and stood in front of the cot that held her sleeping, feverish son. The demon stood in the doorway and she stared at him defiantly. 
“You’ll not hurt my children.”
The demon looked at her and the girls then at the sick boy behind them. “The flu?” he asked. His voice low and full of gravel.
Susan thought the demon no more than a savage animal and had trouble finding her voice at her surprise in the creature’s ability to speak. “Yes,” she stuttered.
He looked at them, a sort of pity now evident in his red eyes. Then he said, “Give him plenty of fluids.”
Susan was astounded. “What?”
“Fluids. Keep him hydrated. It will help.”
“Th-thank you.”
The demon stared at them a moment longer, then he turned and walked back down the hallway. Susan followed and watched him re-enter the kitchen. He came back into the hall a moment later with a tin of biscuits in his hand. “I’m taking these.”
She nodded and watched as the demon walked out the front door.

Roman Heron knew it was time to leave. He had been servant and driver for the Loganthal family for just over eight years. Always faithful and willing to serve, he did whatever the family needed for him, but now it was time to go.
Roman pulled the double-barreled shotgun from the cabinet in the den, loaded it, and filled his pockets with extra shells. Down the hallway and to the bedroom, where Princeton Loganthal was in his bed clothes, saying his nightly prayers and preparing for bed.
“Sir, we must get to the cab,” said Roman.
“Surely you jest,” the old man replied. “It’s time for bed. The whole family is asleep.”
“Sir, you’re in shock. The rest of the family is dead. You saw them. The demons that killed them are still in the house, we must leave.”
“What are you going on about?”
Roman pulled him forcefully toward the door. “We are leaving. Now!”
“Unhand me! What has gotten into you.”
The old man’s shouts would bring the demons upon them sooner or later. Roman had no choice. He brought the butt of the shotgun hard against Princeton’s nose and knocked him unconscious. Then he hefted the old man onto his shoulders and moved out into the hall. The floorboards upstairs creaked with the weight of the intruders above them. Roman couldn’t get the grizzly images out of his mind. Princeton Loganthal’s son, his son’s wife and their two children, all torn to shreds by the demons. They had refused to leave. Said the monsters were all faked somehow. A show put on so that The Queen could look good when her giant soldiers saved the day. The creatures must have come in through the upstairs windows. He and Princeton had seen the bodies and managed to sneak downstairs, where the elderly Loganthal insisted on getting something from his room while Roman fetched the shotgun.
Roman made it out of the front doors to where the handsome cab was waiting. He had already made the decision to leave before the demons had attacked. He was sure he could fit the entire family in the cab, now it was just he and the old man.
A roar from above, a gust of wind. The weight of the old man was lifted off his shoulders. Roman looked up to see two demons fighting over the unconscious man in midair. He cocked the hammers on both barrels back and pointed the shotgun at one of the demons. But Princeton Loganthal was ripped in half, his innards hit the cobblestone with a splash. Roman fired. The demon’s chest opened up, but he screamed in anger.
The other demon flew at him. Roman pulled the trigger at point blank range. The demon’s head exploded in a shower of blood and brain. Roman dropped and rolled under the cab. He quickly reloaded the shotgun and cocked the hammers back. The demon with the hole in his chest grabbed hold of Roman’s ankle. He was yanked out from beneath the cab but was able to get the gun up in the demon’s face. The blast removed the creature’s head. Roman was covered in gore. Reloading, he got to his feet and up on the bench of the cab. Slapping the reins, he was off.
The cab sped through the streets. Roman thought he had a good chance of making it out of the city, but he refused to get his hopes up. Rounding a corner, he came upon Green Park and that’s where it hit him. A massive demon that came flying over the park and slammed into the side of the cab. The horse brayed as the cab flipped. The last thought that went through Roman’s mind, Would the horse be alright? When Roman’s head hit the cobblestone street, death was instant. 
  
 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Just outside of Cambridge, a brilliant light raced across the darkening sky and came to rest on the ground near a farmhouse. A small herd of sheep brayed and ran for cover. Z stumbled from the landing site and fell on his ass. He was disoriented and dizzy. If he’d eaten anything in the last twelve hours he’d have lost it to the ground.
Uriel took in their surroundings and then turned to Z, a knowing smirk on his face. “Quite a ride, hey? Don’t worry, that feeling will pass in a few minutes.”
“I had no idea angels could fly so fast.”
“Well, I’m among the fastest of our race.”
Z thought this comment strange. He’d never thought of angels as a separate race but merely one of a multitude of supernatural creatures that existed in the world. Did this mean ghosts were a separate race as well? Something to consider at another time he supposed.
Z slowly got to his feet and adjusted his Stetson, thankful that it had somehow remained on his head. The sick feeling faded as he moved. “Where does this fisherman live?”
Uriel removed his halo. His wings folded and disappeared into his back. “He’s most likely holed up in his favorite pub by now.” The angel pointed to Z’s coat. “Would you mind?”
“Um, no. Of course not.” Z removed the coat and handed it over to the angel. “I guess it would be kind of strange to go wandering into a pub shirtless.”
“Exactly.”
Soon they were in the center of the little village and Z heard several voices raised in merriment from a small shack that must be what passed for a pub in the area. They ducked inside and many of the patrons stopped with their pints in hand, staring at the newcomers. The establishment stank of piss and body odor. Z felt nauseated all over again.
A young man in the corner of the room looked up from his pint and rolled his eyes. 
The angel smiled as if he’d missed the man for ages, though as far as Z could tell, the fisherman had no interest in seeing the angel again. “Shamus O’Leary!” Uriel called out. “Just the man we came to see.”
Shamus stood looking uncertain and Z thought, by the shiftiness of his eyes, a little frightened. “What do you want?”
“We need to discuss something of great importance,” Uriel answered. “May we go to your home?”
“I’d rather you didn’t.”
“I insist we do.”
The man led them out of the pub and through the deserted town to a little shack built on the edge of a pond. Inside, Z saw that part of the house was actually sitting in the pond, more like a small housing for a boat than a home.
Hanging on the walls were several trophies. The skeletal jaws of a shark. A swordfish mounted on a plaque. Several old trophies and awards for fishing. “Are these all your own accomplishments?” Z asked.
“Yes,” the man answered simply.
“You seem far too young to have done so much.”
Uriel laughed. “Shamus here isn’t nearly as young as he appears to be. He’s actually quite special, aren’t you Shamus?”
Shamus looked back and forth between the two of them. 
“Go ahead and show him, Shamus,” the angel urged. “I vouch for him. He’s one of the good guys.”
Z watched the man and as he did he saw Shamus’ eyes grow filmy and black. A set of gills opened on either side of his neck. Z stumbled backward. It seemed even with all he’d seen throughout his years he was still capable of being surprised.
“What is he?” Z asked.
“He’s Shamus,” Uriel answered. “No other like him in the world. At least not anymore. As far as we can tell there may have been more of them centuries ago, perhaps part of some underwater civilization. The lost city of Atlantis, mayhap. We don’t know for certain and he doesn’t remember.”
“Alright,” Shamus said. “Enough of all that. Why are you here? I don’t like it when your kind is around.”
“Such a paranoid, untrusting fool,” the angel said with genuine pity in his voice. “We’ve come for the Greater Weever.”
The fisherman’s eyes bulged. “Never!”
“Please,” Z said. “It’s very important we have this fish. Every life on Earth may depend on it.”
“You’re talking about what’s going on in London, aren’t you?” 
“Yes,” Z replied. “We’d pay you for it.”
“I don’t want your money.”
“Then what is it I can offer?”
Shamus seemed hesitant to say what he was thinking. Finally, he came out with it. “I want a girl.”
“I’m afraid I haven’t got one of those on me at the moment,” Z joked.
“You can bring me one,” the fisherman said. “After you’ve done whatever it is you need to do. I’ve been lonely for so long, I just want someone to keep me company and perhaps, in time, become my wife.”
“Agreed,” Z said. Uriel looked at him doubtfully. “What? I’ve had quite a few female companions in London, I’m sure I can find a perfect match for my new friend here.”
For the first time a hint of a smile started to form on the thin man’s lips and Z found it at once inspiring and hideous. Smiling didn’t seem to suit the man’s face.
“Alright,” Shamus said. He held out his hand and Z shook it. “We have an accord.”
“Right,” the ghost hunter said and then wiped his dripping hand on the coat worn by Uriel. The angel held his arms out and gave a grunt of disgust. Z assumed he was in disagreement with using a woman as a bartering tool.
“I’ll return shortly,” Shamus said. He dropped into the pond and swam out of the little house.
“Eccentric?” Z asked. The angel raised his eyebrows. “Alright, so he’s just a nutter.”
They sat on a large fishing crate that appeared to be the extent of Shamus’ furniture. Nearly forty-five minutes passed. Z stood, angry that Shamus had returned empty-handed but then noticed a fish swimming just below the surface behind him. The fisherman pulled a large glass jar from behind a stack of crates and placed it into the water. He made a clicking sound in the back of his throat. The fish swam into the jar and Shamus placed a lid on the top. The Greater Weever fish rested on the bottom of the jar, its gills opening and closing as it stared at the two strangers in the room.
“You’ll bring him back unharmed, of course?” Shamus asked.
Z shared an uncertain look with the angel then said, “We will do our best. I promise.”
“Very well,” the fisherman said. “Be careful of the fin on his spine, it’s quite poisonous.”
“We will keep that in mind,” Uriel said.
Shamus handed the jar to the angel. Z shook Shamus’ hand, again wiping the wetness from it on his coat. “I thank you for your help, Shamus.”
Z and Uriel left the shack and Z prepared to climb upon the angel’s back for another nauseating trip.
“Don’t worry,” Uriel said as he returned the coat to Z and spread his wings. “It will be a much shorter trip this time.”
“Great, just make sure you don’t drop that jar.”
“Worry not, ghost hunter.”
Z held on tight as they shot into the sky. It seemed only seconds later that they were touching down again. Z opened his eyes to a rooftop in London. An unfamiliar sound broke dusk’s stillness. In the distance, a cloud of smoke rose from the clock tower of Big Ben.
“Can you get me closer to that disturbance?” Z asked.
Uriel took off once again, but this time only glided over the city. As they neared Parliament, the repetitive banging sound got louder and when the angel broke through the smoke over the area, they saw an army of mechanical men with enormous, rapid-fire guns attached to their shoulders. They blasted away at the base of the building, which was covered in an organic growth that had sprouted from underground to create a wall. The attack appeared to be having no success at all and Z had no doubt that Asmodeus was safe on the other side. Hovering over the area were several military blimps loaded with large, metal cylinders that Z assumed were bombs. 
“I need to find Judge Long,” Z said. “His offices are to the west.”
Uriel let Z guide him. They dropped to the street just as Judge Long was leaving his building. The judge looked up in shock as the angel landed lightly on the cobblestone street. When he realized Z was on the angel’s back his face brightened with relief.
“Thank whatever forces lie beyond this world you’ve returned so soon,” Judge Long said.
“You need only thank the one beside me,” Z said. “Judge Long, meet the angel Uriel. Uriel, Judge Long.”
The judge looked the angel over from his glowing, golden halo to his massive, white wings. “Glorious,” he said.
“Indeed,” the angel agreed.
“And this, I take it, is the fish in question?”
“It is,” Z said, his hands on his knees to get used to the ground again. “However, our mission has changed. Now we have to kill the King of Demons.”
“What?”
“I’ll explain later. First, tell me where the steam-powered, mechanical men came from.”
Judge Long explained The Queen’s plan.
“It’s madness,” Z said. “The city will be reduced to rubble.”
“Agreed, but The Queen will not listen to reason.”
Z looked to the darkening sky. “And it’s too late to stop it. All we can do is hope to cut it short.”
“So, what is our move?”
“We go to war.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Sheila sat back in the coach trying to relax and not think of the dangerous situation in London. The bumpy, worn ruts that made up the trail back to the city did nothing to set her nerves at ease. Night had fallen and she could only imagine the havoc the demon was unleashing on the citizens of the city she had only just begun to know. 
How she worried for Z. It had taken her so many years, so many clues followed and rumors quelled, to track down the man she’d fallen so deeply for. Now it seemed likely that she would lose him again to this foul creature that wished to ruin the world.
It was unfair. She hadn’t meant for this to happen.
Sheila let her mind drift. Back to the dance. Back to the cabin in the woods. To all the wonderful times they’d had together. She wanted more. There was still so much she needed to tell him. Things that she needed to explain that she wasn’t so sure he’d understand. That he may even hate her for.
Reg brought the horses to a stop and a moment later he was opening the door. “We’ve come to an inn, madam. Perhaps it’s best we stay the night and rest up.”
“Of course,” she said as Reg helped her down from the coach. The inn was a cozy place with a white façade trimmed in red. From the windows came the ember glow of a burning fire. The more Sheila saw of the country, the more she wanted to make it her home, though she knew her stay would be short-lived.
“I’ll get your bags and get you settled in a room,” Reg said. “I’m sure the innkeeper can supply your supper.”
“Oh, I do hate to dine alone,” Sheila said. “Won’t you join me?”
“It’d be my pleasure, madam,” Reg replied with a bow.
Sheila curtsied back then entered the inn. Pipe smoke filled the pub within, but it appeared as though they’d arrived too early for the more raucous patrons that Sheila had heard so often filled these types of establishments in the late hours of night and early hours of morning. As it stood, four well-dressed gentlemen peppered the tables throughout the space and a large, mannish woman with a patch of black chin hair stood behind the bar cleaning mugs.
“Pardon me, miss,” Sheila said to the burly woman. “Are you serving food now?”
“An American, heh? Well, don’t get too many of you around. We’re not serving at the moment, but I’m sure I can rustle something up for you.”
“I’d appreciate that.”
“Just you, love?”
“Oh, my driver will be joining me.”
“Right then.”
Sheila found a table in the corner and was soon joined by Reg. “Right, I got ye a room, bags are checked, and horses are stabled.”
“That was fast.”
“I have to move fast. Old Z would settle for nothin’ less.”
“How did you come to be in his service? If you don’t mind me asking.”
“Well, I used to be quite well off, believe it or not. Me family had money out the arse.” The skinny man chuckled at this. “I drank too much in those days. Got in too much trouble. Me family disowned me and things only got worse from there. There I was, poor, drunk, soakin’ wet from the rain, and ready to steal another bottle of the stuff that had been eatin’ at me, when the man I was stealin’ from pulled a gun and shoved it right in me face. Pushed the barrel right in me nose, cocked the hammer back, and I thought sure I’d wake up dead the next mornin’. Then a man spoke up. Says ‘That man there is with me and that bottle is to be paid for, I sent him for it myself.’ The man pulled the gun away and I turned to find an American standin’ there, looking like he came from the Wild West but soundin’ damn near as fancy as any English gentleman.
“I vowed service to him then. He’d given me a second chance and I’d not squander it. Cleaned meself up and started doin’ whatever the ghost hunter wanted me to.”
“That’s quite a story,” Sheila said.
“Well, he’s quite a guy.”
“That he is.”
The large, bearded woman dropped two plates of bangers and mash on the table along with a pint for each of them. “Enjoy,” she said.
“Lovely woman,” Reg said. “Even if it doesn’t show on the outside.”
Sheila laughed and dug into the dish. Though it didn’t look appealing, she was quite surprised by the flavor and didn’t realize just how hungry she was until she started shoveling the food into her mouth. It was unladylike but she didn’t care.
Once the food was gone and Sheila was sufficiently full, she asked more about Reg and his time with Z. “I imagine you’ve seen a lot of strange things.”
“Oh yes,” the servant said. “Though some things he sees and I don’t, if ye catch me drift.”
“I’m betting Asmodeus is a first,” Sheila said. “A demon, how fascinating.”
Reg stopped chewing his last piece of sausage and studied the woman across from him. “What ye mean?”
“You know, King of Demons and all of that.”
Reg suddenly got the undeniable feeling the woman sitting across from him knew more about the situation in London than she was letting on. Did she know about the pool of blood in the graveyard? Did she know who was truly behind all this?
“What is it?” Sheila asked.
Reg shook his head. “Nothin’. Just tired I guess.”
“Perhaps we should retire to our rooms.”
Reg agreed.
It didn’t take a mind reader to deduce the servant’s mood had changed. Sheila feared she had said the wrong thing and now he was suspicious of her. Changing the subject and suggesting they move on to their rooms was the best she could come up with before he started digging and found out why she was truly there. 

Inspector Grant lit his gas lamp and slowly pushed open the door to Lady Brownstone’s house. Randall had proved himself adept at breaking into locked doors, which pleased Grant. 
“Search the upstairs,” he ordered the two officers. Grant had a look around the foyer. Nothing much to see besides an ornate vase sitting atop a small table by the door.
His heavy footfalls made the floor creak as he crept closer to the library, which was set just off the foyer to the left. The double doors to the room were open. Books were strewn across the floor and a chair lay on its side. 
The room felt cold. Far more so than it had any business being what with the mild autumn night outside. He was even able to see his breath. Add to this the undeniable feeling that he wasn’t alone in the room and Grant was on the verge of leaving the library, evidence or no. He stole glances back toward the foyer in hopes he’d see one of his men braving the eerie library along with him. A book tumbled from a shelf and gave Grant a start.
It was preposterous of course. Only earlier that morning had he faced down a giant demon in the form of a winged dragon, now here he was jumping at shadows. Grant shone the lamp over the pile of books. One in particular caught his eye. It was lying open atop two others, a page missing, torn out by Lady Brownstone as she was attacked. 
Grant picked up the book and leafed through it. He saw nothing more on Asmodeus that could help them and eventually tossed the book aside. With the lamp held low, he skimmed over the other titles lying on the floor. Hindu Gods were here, Ancient spirits there. Clearly the old gal was doing her research to help Z find the answers he was looking for. In fact, the more Inspector Grant thought about his theory of Lady Brownstone being behind all this the more ridiculous it seemed. Especially with the vile residue of her attacker hanging in the room all around him, a feeling in the air that was strong and undeniably unpleasant. But there was something else there too. Something below the evil of the King of Demons that was familiar and less threatening.
Grant held the lamp up high. He studied the titles of the books that were still shelved, though he’d begun to feel hopeless. From the corner of his eye, he caught movement. Grant saw a book float off the shelf as if an invisible hand had pulled it for study in a chair by a cozy fire.
The hairs stood up on the back of his neck. His hands shook and the temperature dropped even further. Once again, he looked to the doors for any sign of Douglas or Randall, yet still he was alone in the library. At least he was the lone living being in the library. The book glided gently across the room then came to rest on the table in the center. It flipped open, the pages ruffling to and fro, as if the invisible force were looking for just the right page. Then it lay still. Grant looked to the door again, then around the room to make sure he was completely alone. Finally, he stepped toward the table to read the words on the page.
“Bloody Hell,” he muttered. With no further apprehension about unseen specters, Grant picked the book up and carried it back to the foyer. He called for his men and the three of them left in a hurry.
“Where to?” Randall asked. 
“I need to speak with Lady Brownstone again,” Grant said. Just as they were about to enter the coach, an explosion shook the ground.
“It’s starting,” Douglas said.
Grant heaved his considerable girth into the coach. “Hurry, lads. We’re getting close.”
The hospital was slightly less hectic than the last time the inspector was there. Quietly, he thanked the Good Lord for little favors. He had a feeling it wouldn’t last. When he reached Lady Brownstone’s room he knocked on the open door. The old woman looked up and Grant could see the pale concern on her face.
“Inspector? Have you come for more of my particular brand of assistance?”
“Yes, ma’am, if it please ya?”
“How can I help?”
“Well, I went by your house, you know to see if I might find something among your books that might help me,” Grant lied. “I came across this and I was wondering if you could tell me more about it.”
“I must say, I don’t like the idea of people going through my house without permission.”
“I understand, but we are desperate for answers and taking the time to request permission is not a luxury available to us. Please.”
She took the book. “Why, this is one of my most valued editions. The Key of Solomon. An ancient grimoire rumored to be compiled by Solomon himself.”
“Grimoire?” Grant inquired
“A book of magic. This book has been lost and found and then lost again. How it came to be in my possession I must confess is a rather embarrassing story that would leave me much less ladylike in your eyes, my dear inspector.”
He had stopped listening to her, instead his mind was focused on the words “book of magic”.
He pulled the book from her hands and flipped to the page that he’d earmarked. “What’s this?”
Lady Brownstone looked at the page and gasped. The text was in Latin, but one word at the top was easy to comprehend: Asmodeus. The rough drawing below was even more compelling. It showed the very dagger Grant had found in Highgate Cemetery the day before.
“Madam?” Grant asked after some time.
“It’s a spell for summoning the demon Asmodeus. I can’t believe I forgot about this.”
“I’m sure the demon blocked that from you the way he blocked you when you were looking for his name. Tell me, madam, who else would have knowledge of this spell?”
“Well, there are only four copies of this book in the entire world, as it happens two of them are here in London. Mine and a doctor’s. He was quite well known amongst us rare book collectors, though he dropped out of sight a couple years back. I’m not sure what ever happened to him.”
“What is his name?”
Lady Brownstone thought for a moment. “Let’s see, Whincot. Dr. Albert Whincot.”
“Whincot?” Grant said.
“Do you know him?” 
“Of course. He’s the head of Bethlem Royal. You and your friends lost track of him because no one of stature likes to acknowledge that loony bin is a part of the city. He’s been wasting away in that hole for years now, quickly becoming as mad as his patients.”
“So, you believe he’s behind all this?”
“I certainly aim to find out. Goodnight, madam.” 
He reached the coach but found Randall and Douglas were nowhere in sight. The coach door opened. Randall waved at him to come inside. Grant acted quickly. “What is it?” he asked once inside with the door closed.
Douglas motioned out the window on the other side. “There, sir.”
Grant looked out the window. The demon was hunched and muscular, with short horns sprouting from its head and large wings folded on its back. 
The horses whinnied in fear. The demon screeched at them just before taking flight.
“Good Christ!” Grant said.
Randall shrugged. “At least he didn’t eat the horses.”

 Asmodeus could see the streets outside. The army of mechanical men with their enormous, shoulder-mounted weapons did not escape his attention. So few things did these days. Avoiding letting his guard down was a hard-learned lesson, but Marianna had taught him well. 
The tenderness between the two of them had grown like an oak tree sprouting from an acorn. Something that started out so small but was turning slowly to something great. Asmodeus was as smitten as a young boy. The evening walks had turned into love making and conversation. They would lie, her in his arms, both spent, and talk until sunlight painted the horizon. Then she would return home and he would spend the daylight hours hidden in a mausoleum, pining to be with her once again. He didn’t even stop to consider what his minions may think of him. His thoughts were only for her.
 One night, he met her at the edge of her father’s farm as always and she ran to him in tears.
 “What is it?”
 “A man came earlier today and took my mother.”
 Rage filled him. “Who is this man? Where did he take her?”
 “A fisherman. He took her west, toward the shore.”
 Asmodeus took a horse from the stable and rode hard to the west. Marianna clung to him as they rode. In his mind, he envisioned all of the awful things he would do to the man that had taken his love’s mother. For hours they rode, the horse on the verge of collapsing by the time he reached the shore. The ship docked there flew no flags. 
“He’s there,” Marianna said. “On the ramp.”
The man who strode down the ramp looked stern and determined. Asmodeus pulled up on the reins and was off the horse and charging at the man before the animal came to a stop. He would tear him limb from limb. As he reached the stranger, a familiar smell invaded his nostrils and he stopped on the dock.
 “Something wrong, fiend?” the man asked.
 The man held out his hand and the hated fish tried to wriggle from his grip. Asmodeus turned at the slow footfalls coming up the dock behind him. Marianna approached with a sneer on her lips. She reached into the satchel that hung at her hip and pulled a glowing object from within. She placed the ring of light over her head where it hung suspended in the air.
 How could he not know? Asmodeus, the King of Demons, seducer of women, had been duped and seduced by an angel. It was all suddenly clear. The fisherman didn’t have her mother. Asmodeus realized then that he’d never met her mother. Nor had he met her father. Everything he’d felt for her had been real, but for her it was all an act. 
 Asmodeus knew what should have been done then. He should have killed the man with the fish, fought his way off the dock, called upon his army, and burned all of Spain. Instead, he dropped to his knees, heartbroken. Devastated. Marianna held out her hand and a sword appeared there. As if it grew straight from her palm from nothingness. She pressed the blade to his chin and forced his eyes to meet hers.
“It’s time to go back to where you belong,” she said. Asmodeus searched her blue eyes for any sign of the woman he had fallen in love with, but she was nowhere to be found. In her place was a cold emptiness. The look of a warrior. The look of a killer.
The fisherman came closer, the foul smell of the fish grew more intense and suddenly, Asmodeus wanted nothing more than to escape. To be away from the smell. To be away from the living realm. Most of all, to be away from the one who had scarred him so deeply.
The dock opened up and Asmodeus slid inside and returned to Hell.
Now he was back. There would be no tricks. No one to stop him. He would have retribution. “All will bow before me.”    

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

As Grant and his men were entering Lady Brownstone’s home, Z and Judge Long were waiting for Asmodeus to emerge. The barrage of attacks on the organic wall had ceased, clearly doing no good against the strange substance. From where he was hiding, Z could just make out Benson Algood, the judge’s old clerk, standing motionless at the foot of Big Ben. The skeletal Messenger hovered over him like a raincloud about to burst forth a deadly torrent. He must have come from behind the wall once the attack had stopped.
Uriel sat next to Z, ruffling through the feathers on his wings. “Blasted soot is on everything in this blasted town.”
“We’re about to attack the King of Demons and you’re worried about a little soot?” Z asked.
The angel laughed. “I’m attacking no one.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“I’ve repaid you in spades for fetching my halo. I’ve helped you far more than I’m allowed to.”
“He’s a demon. You’re an angel. How can you not stay and fight?”
“I act on orders alone. I stood guard at the gates of Eden with a fiery sword, helped bury Adam and Able in that paradise, rescued John the Baptist from the Massacre of Innocents, along with thousands of other good deeds, but I acted on all of them because I was ordered to. I have about as much pity for you creatures as the monster that is about to come from that blasted clock tower. Besides, if I attack Asmodeus without being ordered to do so, it would start a war that would engulf this world in flames. We don’t really want to speed up the apocalypse now do we?”
Z understood the angel’s point of view, though he was still angry at him. “No, I suppose not.”
“Good,” Uriel said. He looked over his shoulder toward Big Ben. “Well, the time is nearly at hand. I should be off. Good Luck to you, Z.”
“And to you, angel.”
Uriel was gone in a flash of light that left brilliant purple flares in Z’s eyes. He waited for his sight to return to normal then looked to the right to see if he could spot Judge Long. Only minutes ago had the judge helped Z as he performed the sad task of plunging the Morte Stare dagger into the poor fish that was their only hope in defeating this demon. They were damn lucky Long had kept the weapon after his meeting with Grant. Somehow the fish still lived. It gingerly swam in its jar. Judge Long held the jar in his hands, looking awkward as he waited for the foul fiend from Hell to show himself.
The plan was a shoddy one. Z had convinced The Queen’s forces to give them a chance to pull it all off before they fired on the creature with their mechanical men. The judge, with fish in hand, would distract Asmodeus while Z crept up from behind to deliver the killing blow. Z felt doubt about the plan going in as simplistic as it was, and now that he’d lost the angel he’d thought would be by his side, he was positive things would go horribly wrong. 
With a flourish of light and a liquid squelch, the wall parted. The demon king Asmodeus stepped through into the chilly London night. At once Z felt an undeniable sexual attraction to the being walking from the wall. It was faint, but there. He could only imagine the effect on members of the opposite sex or a gay man. The demon looked out over the army of mechanical men and smirked, but as he sniffed the air his smile faded. Slowly he turned to set eyes on Judge Long and the fish. Z was on the move as soon as he turned.
“What are you doing with that thing?” Asmodeus asked. 
The judge stammered. “Well….um…you see…”
Z was upon the demon, the blade raised high over his head. He could see the end in sight, could see the knife plunged into the monster’s neck, but the demon turned and held out one hand. An invisible force gripped Z by the throat. Asmodeus slowly walked to where Z was suspended in air.
“I know all about you, ghost hunter,” the demon growled in his raspy voice. Asmodeus raised his other hand. A hole like a gaping wound opened in the wall. Two winged demons flew out and snatched Z by his arms. “Dispose of him.”
Z was whipped away from the demon king. Away from Big Ben and the mechanical men. Away from Judge Long.

Judge Long watched, helpless as the demons carried Z away to who knew where. Asmodeus turned his attention back to Long.
“You betray me,” the demon king growled. 
“No,” Judge Long pleaded, hoping for a lie to pop into his head. Looking for any scrap of an excuse that could get him out of the burning thirst for vengeance in the eyes of the fiend before him, but no words came.
“The stench of that fish must be moved away from me,” Asmodeus said. He waved his hand and the ground around Judge Long erupted. Slabs of rock like blackened claws rose over him. He was caged. Jailed like so many downtrodden criminals who had met his swift justice in court.
Asmodeus grinned. “I will give you the sole spectator’s seat as I burn this city to the ground.”
Then Long was rising. A stem of dirt and rock lifting his cage high into the sky. The demon and The Queen’s army shrank beneath him. The fish swam in its jar, madly sloshing the water and nearly tipping the whole thing out of Long’s hands. The judge sank to his knees. From far below, someone shouted a command and the war golems came to life. The guns mounted on their shoulders erupted, but the demon seemed to feel nothing from them.
Asmodeus casually lifted a hand toward the army. From the gaping wound in the monster’s wall more demons came, gushing like an evil, raging flood. Judge Long could do nothing but watch.
The first of the demons hit the army but was quickly torn to shreds by one of the shoulder-mounted Gatling guns. Thankfully, the minions seemed to lack the tough skin of their master. The other demons quickly met the army behind the first wave. The steam-powered, mechanical men were surprisingly skilled fighters. Golems ripped demons in half with their powerful hands. Others stomped demons into the ground with their large feet. A zeppelin overhead let loose with a bomb, scoring a direct hit on a large group of demons. Judge Long, for just a moment, felt a glimmer of hope, but the demons were too great in number. They swarmed over the golems, ripping them limb from limb. Demons took to the sky, attacking bombs strapped to the zeppelins. They exploded, evaporating the attacking monsters and igniting the hydrogen within the airships’ frameworks. 
The second wave of war golems entered the fray. The Gatling guns fired relentlessly, tearing through demons in waves, but more monsters spewed from the hellish hole every second. Judge Long had to find a way out. Sitting by and watching while all this unfolded was not an option. He searched the blackened ground around him. There had to be a way.
The rock that kept him in was solid, but he quickly realized that the portion of cobblestone street he now sat upon was not so sturdy. Standing, Judge Long kicked at the stone near the base of one of the rock walls. It crumbled around the edges and moved ever so slightly. Another kick and the stone was dislodged. Judge Long dropped back to the ground and pulled away the stone with his hands. He revealed a small hole. If he could make the hole big enough he could slip through. 
Then what? Then he would have to attempt to climb down and most likely fall to his death. Still, he had to try. Though what he could do once he was back on the ground was still up in the air.

Z was pulled backward, far away from the fight. He still gripped the dagger, the blade facing down as he was preparing to stab the demon king in the back of his neck. If he could flip the blade right-side up he could go for one of the demon’s wrists. The key would be holding on to the blasted thing. The two demons that held him were jostling him around so much, the right opportunity had yet to present itself. Z knew, though, that the longer he waited the farther away from the fight he would be. And wherever the things were taking him, he was sure they had designs for making him suffer for his attempted attack on their king. 
With a flick of his wrist, Z flung the dagger around so that the blade faced up. He felt lucky that the demon holding his right arm decided to glide just as he made his move. With the knife gripped tightly in his hand, Z lunged upward, dragging the blade across the demon’s forearm. It screeched and lost its grip but flailed its arm outward, one long claw cutting Z’s hand. Z lost his grip. For one hopeless moment, he saw the blade glint in the city’s gaslight lamps as it fell toward the cobblestone streets below. But the demon that held Z’s left arm suddenly dropped with the full weight of its prey. Z reached out and grabbed the dagger’s hilt, regaining possession of the weapon. 
Z’d had enough. He shoved the blade into his belt and pulled the revolver from his right hip. He shoved the barrel into the demon’s face and pulled the trigger. Sharp teeth blew in and exited the back of the monster’s head along with brain and skull fragments.
Z fell and wished he’d thought things through a little better. He heard a flutter of wings then was hit hard in the back and sent falling faster. Strong arms wrapped around his mid-section. The demon that he’d cut had come back to finish its job.
Z twisted around and jammed the gun into the creature’s belly. Three times he fired. The demon’s hold on him loosened. Z shoved the demon around so that he would hit the ground first. The monster tried to maneuver, perhaps to use its wings to slow the fall. But the effort came too late and the ground came too fast. Z felt more than heard the demon’s bones snap as it hit the ground. Z was flung away from his cushion and tumbled along the ground.
For a moment, he couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe. All the air had been blown out of his lungs. He was sure his ribs were cracked. Ten meters away, the demon lay gasping for air through a mouth full of blood. With great effort, Z got to his feet and stumbled toward it.
It looked up at Z with wide, yellow eyes and chuckled. “Killed by a filthy meat puppet. I never thought I’d meet my end like this.”
Z cocked the hammer on his gun. “If it helps, I’m not the average meat puppet.”
He fired a silver slug into the demon’s forehead. 
Z took in his surroundings, trying to decipher where he was. How far the demons had taken him from the fight. A park. The landing on soft ground was sheer luck. Had they landed on the street or hit a building he may have had far more substantial injuries. But what park?
Green Park. Which meant the Palace of Westminster and Big Ben were to the southeast. He had to move fast. His stumbling jog quickly turned into a run, but the pain from his ribs began to slow him down. The park was silent. Far off to the southeast he heard an explosion. The battle had begun.
On the street, he found an overturned cab. The single horse that had pulled the cab lay motionless on the ground until it heard Z approaching.
“He’s isn’t hurt,” a voice said. “Only trapped.”
A man climbed out of the cab door. His head was bashed in. The ghost of the cab’s driver.
“What happened?” Z asked. 
“One of those creatures attacked me,” the driver said and gestured south, where a few demons moved along the street.
“Can you help him?” the dead man asked.
“Of course, though I’ll need to borrow him.”
“I have no use for him anymore,” the driver said sadly. “As long as I know he’s alright.”
Z pulled the dagger from his belt and cut the straps that held the horse to the cab. The horse wriggled out of the trap and stood, shaking his mane and braying his thanks. 
“I promise to take good care of him,” Z said as he took the reins and climbed on the horse, bareback.
“I shall rest easy then,” the dead man said.
Z urged the horse on and toward the battle at Big Ben. He hoped he could get close enough to finish off Asmodeus. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Inspector Grant stood before the scene of carnage unfolding beneath the clock face of Big Ben. The war golems were holding their own but would soon be overwhelmed by the sheer number of demons on the attack. The inspector turned to Douglas. “Do we still have the swords, lad?”
“Aye.”
“Let’s give these big bastards a hand then, what say you two?”
Randall grinned maniacally. Douglas ran back to the coach and returned with the weapons.
“Alright, chaps,” Grant began, “I imagine we’ll want to go for the necks, just like the big one. It’s been an honor and a privilege working with you two. Good luck to you both.”
“And you, Inspector,” Randall replied.
“May the Lord watch over all of us,” Douglas added.
They faced the fray. Grant held his greatsword high and ran screaming into the fight with his men on his heels, their own primal screams ringing off the buildings around them. 
Grant’s sword moved through the demon flesh with remarkable fluidity. As it turned out, aiming strictly for the neck was far easier said than done, but Grant quickly learned that cutting them in two at the waist or slicing them through the sternum and across their blackened hearts was just as easy. Their skin sizzled at the touch of Grant’s sword as if he were a holy knight with a flaming blade. This notion drove him on, made him fight with more ferocity and grace than he’d ever imagined possible.
To his right, Officer Douglas skillfully dispatched enemies with the sword in his remaining hand. To his left, Randall whirled, a dealer of death with a light sword in each hand. 
Grant came upon a golem struggling with several demons. The golem nodded its thanks then together they hit another group of demons. The heavy gun on the war machine’s shoulder shredded the demons to pulp while any stragglers met with the two-handed great sword.
From behind came the sound of single shots being fired. A revolver. He turned and sighted Ghost Hunter Z racing into the battle atop a black stallion, firing silver slugs into demons that came near. 

“Inspector!” Z dropped from the horse and gave it a slap to send it away from the fight. “Glad to see you’re still alive.”
“The feeling is mutual, my friend.”
“I need to get to Asmodeus.”
“We’ll help you get there,” Grant said. He waved his men over and explained the situation. Meanwhile, Z took in the bloody mess around them. The three men had cut down a good number of demons and the area, for the moment, was clear.
“Follow us,” Grant said. “We’ll make our way around the edge of the fight and get you closer.”
Z was conscious of the dagger in his belt, repeatedly checking to ensure he hadn’t lost the damned thing. The demons began to descend upon them. Grant and his men skillfully wielded their swords while Z cut down the demons with his revolvers. They finally came upon the King of Demons, looking with relish upon the destruction he had brought.
“I’ll need a distraction,” Z said to Grant.
“Leave it to me.”
The inspector disappeared around the crowd of combatants. Z waited for his signal while fighting off the beasts around him. The large man had moved in behind Asmodeus and called for him by name. Grant held the sword up to the throat of Judge Long’s clerk.  
Killing the man would mean nothing to Asmodeus but Z was sure Grant knew as much. Still, it did offer the distraction Z needed. Asmodeus turned his back to the battle. Z rushed forward with the dagger in hand.
Asmodeus waved a hand. Grant was pulled away from the clerk by an invisible force and slammed hard into the demonic wall that covered the base of Big Ben. Z stealthily took the steps. He was nearly there. He held the dagger high over his head. Now, upon the King of Demons, he swung the blade down hard.
But he struggled for breath. Asmodeus had turned and wrapped one large hand around Z’s throat. With the other hand, the demon knocked the dagger away, re-opening the cut on Z’s hand. The dagger clanked to the ground far behind the demon.
“You didn’t think I took notice of you coming through the crowd?” the fiend asked. “You are a persistent one, I’ll give you that.”
Z’s vision was getting dim. He clawed at the demon’s arm, trying in vain to break free. The blood that smeared on the monster’s arm was maddeningly red, and Z felt his brain unhinge as his air supply depleted. Miraculously, over Asmodeus’ shoulder, Z thought he saw a man step out of the shadows and pick up the dagger. Judge Long moved silently toward the King of Demons.
Z’s arms dropped. Blood dripped down over his fingers. With his remaining strength, he reached up with the bloody hand and marked a red X at the base of Asmodeus’ skull. The King of Demons’ eyes widened just as Judge Long plunged the dagger home.
Z fell to the ground. The King of Demons dropped beside him, his red eyes open but void of life. Z coughed and wheezed. Air slipped painfully through his damaged throat. He got to his knees and slowly began to breathe normally. The combatants had fallen silent behind him. The demon wall opened wide and a new being stepped through.
The fanged visage of Seether appeared. Judge Long shrank away from the massive, muscular creature. Asmodeus had been handsome besides the large horns that protruded from his forehead. Seether on the other hand was something borne of the deepest, darkest nightmares of the human psyche.
Seether stared down at Z. Z hoped the creature wasn’t looking for a fight because all Z had in him had been exhausted. But the monster held out a hand. Z took it and was pulled to his feet. He stood on weak legs and looked up into the red eyes of the creature he’d made a deal with.
“You kept your end of the bargain,” Seether’s rumbling voice said in Z’s head like rolling thunder on his brain. “As the new king, I’ll keep mine.”
 He held up one hand and turned back to the hole in the demon wall. All the demons in the city swarmed into the hellish hole. Seether gave Z one last look and stepped inside. The hole closed. The wall crumbled and turned to dust on the ground as did the body of the former King of Demons.
Z sat down heavily, took in a deep shuddering breath and blew it out. 
It was over.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Two days had passed since the Battle of London, as the newspapers were calling it. Z helped Sheila from the carriage and kissed her softly on the cheek.
“I’m so glad you’re alright,” she said in his ear. Z caught a strange look from Reg, as if there were something about the woman he didn’t trust.
“I hope your journey was without incident, my dear,” Z said.
“Relatively,” she responded.
Z was leading Sheila into the shop, but a gruff voice called out from behind them. Inspector Grant walked toward him. “Z, we’ve found the good doctor, traced him to a shoddy old flat in the East End. Thought you’d like to be there when we place him under arrest.”
“Yes,” Z said. “I’d be very interested in knowing why Whincot did what he did.”
“Very well,” said Grant. “I have a carriage awaiting us.”
Z turned to Sheila. “I won’t be long, my dear. Please make yourself comfortable.”
“Actually,” Grant said. “I believe it would be most prosperous to this case if the lady and our friend, Reg, would come along as well.”
Z hadn’t the slightest idea what Grant meant, but reading the expression on his face, he decided to go along.
“Alright,” he said. He offered his arm to Sheila. “Shall we then?”
Z studied his two friends during the ride. Both seemed nervous and unwilling to meet his eyes and no one spoke besides the inspector, tossing out occasional facts about the case or the neighborhoods they passed through. 
Judge Long was waiting for them, along with Grant’s man Randall, who was still in possession of both hands. Z guessed Officer Douglas was enjoying some much-deserved time off.
“Zachary,” Long said, holding out his hand.
Z shook it, allowing Long alone to get away with calling him by his full name for reasons he couldn’t quite explain. “Judge Long. I’ve been meaning to tell you I was very impressed by your precision knife handling skills two nights ago.”
The judge laughed long and hard, a sound that seemed strange to Z, remembering the grim, bitter man that he’d initially met in the office several days before. “It wouldn’t have been possible without your efforts. I’ve recommended you receive commendations for your service to the city.”
“Thank you, Your Honor.”
“Shall we?” Grant said. They entered the rundown building and awaited further instruction from Inspector Grant. “My man and I will lead the way. The doctor could be armed and is most assuredly dangerous, armed or not.”
Grant led them to the third floor and quietly moved in front of the fifth door down the hall. He nodded to his man to make sure he was ready then the big inspector kicked the door. It gave way in a shower of splintered wood and the two policemen rushed in.
From within came shouts. A woman’s screams. Grant then called for them to step inside. Z was appalled by the state of the flat and the smell that invaded his nostrils was deplorable. The paint peeled off the walls, rotted food was strewn over the floor, rats scurried from the newcomers in the room. Z entered the bedroom where Dr. Whincot had been pulled from the piss-stained mattress on the floor, his wrists had been shackled behind his back. A woman Z assumed was a prostitute stood in the corner with a bundled sheet covering her naked body.
“So, Whincot is part of this terrorist group that bombed Scotland Yard?” Z asked.
The inspector chuckled. “As a matter of fact, he is not.”
Z waited for Grant to continue. 
“Though he did send the letter that took credit for the attack on Scotland Yard and warned of the coming of the demon king, he actually had nothing to do with the explosion. In truth, he merely saw an opportunity to connect the terrorist act to his own evil doings. In fact, there was no ideological, political agenda that made this man decide to summon that nightmare upon our fair city, but a much more personal reason. The good doctor here used to be a prominent, well-respected physician and friend to the Royal Family. However, some of the experiments he was conducting, which involved the homeless and downtrodden, many of whom were children, came to light and were frowned upon by The Queen. That was when he was re-assigned to the mental hospital where his mind became as twisted as his patients’ and the seed of revenge began to bloom.”
“How did he come to possess the dagger?” Sheila asked. Z looked at her. He hadn’t said a word about the dagger to her. There was no way she could have known about it. 
“Well he didn’t do it alone, did he?” Grant said. “There was far too much to do. Especially in Highgate, where so many bodies were drained for his bloody ritual. But, you would know all about that, wouldn’t you, Miss Sheila?”
 “What does he mean?” Z said to Sheila.
The inspector laughed again. “Not what you might think, Z. You see, your lady friend here has been conducting an investigation of her own. It turns out she works for a private firm that hunts down lost art and artifacts. Hired by the Vatican to track down the dagger that was stolen from their museum. No doubt her psychic abilities make her a valuable asset among her employers.”
“Psychic?” Z asked.
“Not a very powerful one,” Sheila said. “I only get glimmers here and there. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but I had to keep it secret. Your inspector here has very impressive abilities of his own.”
“I have my ways,” Grant said. “I also used these fine abilities I possess to discover something else. Though the doctor isn’t the one who stole the dagger, he did have a follower who also had some connections to the Royal Family. Or at least he did at one time, isn’t that right, Reg?”
Z wheeled around in time to see his friend’s face drain of color. Reg bolted for the door but was knocked back by Officer Randall.
“Reginald?” Z asked.
Reg said nothing.
“It’s true,” Grant continued. “Before the doctor’s decline he took a socialite’s young son on as a student for a small time. Reginald Cunningham Boulderstern the Third was an impressionable young man who was immediately fascinated with the doctor, but in time became an outcast himself because of his affiliation with his teacher not to mention his love of drink. However, before that happened, he used his status to join a group of students that traveled to the Vatican, where he procured the very dagger his master needed to bring the demon forth.”
“And his service to the ghost hunter?” Judge Long asked.
“All a part of the plan,” Grant answered. “Z’s reputation preceded him when he came to London and the doctor couldn’t have him fouling up his plans. So, he set Reg up as a poor, rejected drunk who needed guidance. Z fell for the bait. Next, all he had to do was deter the ghost hunter at the right time to ensure the demon king had his way with the city. This job handled itself when Z left the city to hunt down the fish. A trip that would take nearly a week and would give the doctor plenty of time to unleash his beast on the masses. But, Reg didn’t count on the angel playing a part in the matter.”
Z remembered his assistant’s insistence on staying behind and not allowing Uriel to fly him back to London. At the time, he was touched by the man’s worry. In truth, he didn’t want Z interfering in his true master’s plans.
Grant continued. “The assistant, I have no doubt, was ordered to kill the ghost hunter if it came to it, but like so many of his ilk, he lacked the nerve.”
Reg stood with his head down, apparently shamed and unable to look any one of them in the eye, least of all Dr. Whincot, whom he’d failed so completely.
“So, this was all some twisted plot of revenge?” Judge Long asked. 
“Indeed,” Grant said. “Whincot thought he could control Asmodeus and command him to slay his enemies, a feat that turned out to be wholly impossible. Especially since his bumbling servant managed to lose the dagger in the cemetery the night they held the ritual. And though the two of them had returned to search the grounds repeatedly, the weapon wasn’t found until my men and I found it during our investigation.”
“The dagger was the key!” the mad doctor suddenly shouted. “I couldn’t control him without it.”
“No one could have controlled him,” Z said calmly. “Time and time again I have captured ghosts or driven away monsters for someone who’s cast a spell and gotten in over their heads. These things cannot be controlled by any mortal. They seek nothing but to befoul our women and destroy our world. It’s what comes naturally to them.”
Judge Long cleared his throat and stepped forward. “If there’s nothing else, Grant, you can take these two away. Excellent work.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The judge stepped closer to the doctor.  “As for you, Whincot. I can only hope your case falls to me. I assure you I will hand down a most severe punishment.” 

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Z spent the next two days in bed with his psychic mistress. She told him of how the firm she worked for, which was simply called Search Inc., came to her shortly after he’d disappeared. The man who created the organization, whom she’d yet to meet in person, got wind of her special talents and sought her out to fill a position within his group. “His name is Sabastian,” she said. “Though whether that’s a first name or last I can’t say for sure.”
Sheila told him how she sensed something wasn’t right with Reg as soon as they’d met and of their night at the inn when she nearly gave herself away. “His mind was very well guarded, though. It seems those who have much to hide usually are.”
On the second day of their love making, a messenger arrived with a letter from Sheila’s employer. “I’ve been called away to Scotland. I’m to turn the dagger over to my contact and then I’m off to Budapest for my next adventure.”
“I’ve only just found you, now I’m going to lose you again?”
She put her arms around him and looked up into his eyes. “It was I who found you, remember?”
Z smiled. “Yes, I remember.”
“I promise to return as soon as I can.”
“I will be here, my love.”

Z escorted Sheila to the train station. They were saying their goodbyes when they were joined by the ever-jolly Inspector Grant.
“I heard you were leaving, Miss,” the big man said. “I thought I’d come and send you off.”
“I’m touched,” Sheila said smiling. “Though I sense you’ve also come on business and want a word with our ghost hunter here.”
“Truly impressive trick you have there,” Grant said.
The train conductor called for final boarding and Z helped Sheila with her bags. “I’ll write you,” she said and kissed him one last time. “And I’ll return soon.”
“Be sure you do. You owe me a getaway to a cottage in the country.”
“I promise.”
Z’s hand slipped away from hers and he immediately felt a sense of loss. He felt Inspector Grant’s hand on his shoulder. “That is one hell of a woman, lad.”
“Yes, she is.”
The train pulled away. Z turned to Grant and noticed the same dead woman standing behind him that he’d seen upon their first meeting. He stared at the inspector a moment. A large man in a cheap suit smiling his big, dumb smile.
“You were married once, weren’t you, Inspector?” Z asked.
Grant’s smile fell from his face. “Aye. A long time ago.”
“Passed away did she?”
“Aye.”
“I see her now,” Z said. “She stands just behind you. And it’s not the first time I’ve noticed her there.”
Grant didn’t bother turning to see if she was there, but his smile returned a little. “I had a feeling.” 
“The two of you must have had something special.”
“Aye. That we did.”
“I’ve no doubt she helped you along in your most recent investigation.”
Grant thought about the ghostly form pointing the way in Highgate and the book that fell to the floor and opened to just the right page in Lady Brownstone’s library. “I believe you’re right, sir,” he said, his voice broken by emotion. “Now that you mention it, I suppose she’s been hanging around me for some time. Can you tell her I miss her so? And I still love her dearly?”
The ghost standing behind Grant smiled and held a hand to her heart.
Z placed a comforting hand on the big man’s shoulder. “She already knows, my friend.”
Z adjusted his Stetson and began to walk away. Grant called after him. “Z, this new information is all the more reason you should consider my proposal.” 
“Oh? And what proposal might that be?”
“You and I solving supernatural crimes together.”
“Ah, I do need a new assistant,” Z teased, though in his heart he felt the pang that had lingered with him in the days since Reg’s betrayal was revealed. “Are you sure you’re up for the job? Our first order is returning a fish and a woman to a new friend. You wouldn’t happen to know of any prostitutes that would be willing to relocate, would you?”
“Several, I would imagine, though assistant isn’t exactly what I had in mind,” Grant said. “Come now, Z, think about it. An inspector and a ghost hunter saving the world from evil with the help of the inspector’s late wife. Why, we’d be in all the papers.”
“You mean you wouldn’t quit your job if we should take on this venture?” Z asked, jokingly.
“Of course not! This would be a side project. A part-time job if you will.”
“Sounds exhausting.”
“Not in the least.”
“Oh, you say that now.”
“I’d say it later too, I assure you.”
Z laughed. “Regardless of any business relationship, I have a feeling we’ll have a lot of adventures together, my friend. This is the beginning of something great.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Kazul climbed through the mountains, pulling his serape tight around him. The snowstorm hit with a snap, starting as a smattering of flakes and building into a flurry that the demon could scarcely see through.
Somewhere nearby, a tree fell and an unholy howl broke through the storm. It was joined by another and another. Wolves.
The creatures were of no concern to Kazul. There would be no faltering from his path. Uriel the angel had sent him to gather information. There wasn’t a lot he wouldn’t do for his old friend.
The path wound through the trees, farther up the mountain, wrapping through caves and over pits that the demon easily managed, using his long fingers to swing across. 
The paths to most deities and gods were strange, making it difficult for mortals to happen upon them. Most disliked mortals and had no need of their kind unless they were willing to die in sacrifice. Give themselves in the name of the one they worshipped.
One must go up to go down. It was the rule with this trip just as it was with The Nightmare Tree and other realms. Kazul reached the precipice of the path and began the long, arduous climb down. A descent that would take him deep under the mountain. At least he was out of the snowstorm.
Uriel could have made this trip himself, perhaps even glide down the rest of the way using his wings, but the being that lived below was just as loathe to welcome angels to his abode as he was to welcome humans.
Kazul had the benefit of riding the line between Heaven and Hell. Often cheerful, Kazul got along well with both races. Demons, angels, it didn’t matter much to him. The way he figured, the old battles were over. It was time to get on with their lives. Let bygones be bygones, as they say.
The temperature started to rise. Below, a dim orange glow filled the cavern that grew brighter the deeper he went. It was comforting to Kazul, who spent years in the realm of the damned.
Lower and lower. Hotter and hotter.
The demon reached the rocky ground below and found his footing before moving on through the rest of the cave. Around a corner and then another, it seemed the cave carried on for ages.
Finally, Kazul came to a pool of boiling lava that rumbled, echoing through the cavern walls. He walked around the edge to a rocky ledge that extended out over the pool. There he stood and waited.
Below, the lava began to bubble and ripple as something large emerged from deep within. The being that stood from the pool was three times the height of the average man. His muscular body was surrounded by flame and where hair may be on a mortal man was instead a cloud of black smoke that billowed into the air above.
“Lord Agni,” Kazul said. “I’ve come for information.”
Agni spoke in a voice that was more of a growl. “What knowledge do you seek?”
“What may come of Seether’s rise to power?”
Agni seemed to ponder this a moment. “The ghost hunter did well to save his city, but his deal may doom all of mankind in the end.”
“What can be done to stop it?”
“The ghost hunter still has a part to play in the events to come. Though the battle will be long and many will be lost, others will rise to fight by his side. Gods and devils will fall. Angels and demons will once again fight and heroes will emerge from both sides.”
“And the outcome?”
“Will be determined by a man who has yet to be born but will possess the abilities of both angels and demons.”
“So, we’re talking decades?”
“More than a century, perhaps.”
“Christ,” Kazul mumbled.
“Indeed,” the God of Fire agreed.
Kazul bowed low to Agni and thanked him for his words. Then he began the long trek back with a heavy weight on his shoulders. When the time came, he would have to choose a side. And maybe his choice wouldn’t be so obvious. 

CHAPTER THIRTY

Sheila stepped off the train. Karl Grimly, the man who had recruited her, greeted her. Grimly was a tall, imposing man with an overly large brow that cast deep shadows around his dark eyes. His black hair was thin and combed over in an attempt to hide the balding scalp below.
“Sheila,” the man said in a German accent. “How very nice to see you again.”
“Good to see you too, Karl,” Sheila said. “What’s the case?”
“Well, ten children have been located, each with their own specific ability, and they may be in grave danger.”
“From whom?”
“An ancient deity known as Samen. Once worshipped by the Druids, he was known as the Lord of the Dead. Each year at harvest time it was believed Samen would bring the world of the dead and the living close, allowing the spirits of loved ones to visit the living they’d left behind.”
“This Samen is after the children.”
“More his followers. Though they’ve thinned over the years, there are still quite a few of them and they see the children as threats. It goes back to the ten magics.”
“I’m afraid I’m not familiar.”
“In medieval times, it was believed that, while some could master one form of magic or another, there was only one being that could master them all. Somewhere along the line, all of the magics were split up. Those that oppose Samen believe that these ten children together can defeat their enemy for good.”
“So…?”
“So, in order to eliminate this threat, Samen’s followers have made two attempts already at taking one of the children. Any further attempts need to be thwarted.”
Sheila was quiet as they walked.
“I know all of this is rather hard to believe,” Karl added.
Sheila thought of the scene she’d just left in London. “It’s not that difficult to believe. It’s just not the missing artifacts kind of case we’re used to.”
“Nonetheless, it’s the case we’ve been given. Our job is to transport the nine children and make sure no harm comes to them. When they get to where they are going, they will be united with the tenth child.”
“And where are we transporting them to?”
“London.”


The End
  

Now, enjoy a special two-chapter preview of The Nightmare Tree, Ghost Hunter Z book 2, by D.A. Schneider...


CHAPTER ONE
London
December 15, 1883

Fate is a vicious bitch.
Jeffery had learned this at a very early age. The very instant his mother decided she’d had enough of his father’s abuse and took an ax to his head. That was the moment it dawned on him for the first time. When she was arrested, and subsequently hanged for her crime, it only served to drive the point home. When the bloodied form of his father and the broken necked image of his mother appeared in his room at the orphanage, their miserable arguments continuing unabated even beyond death, that proved his hunch once and for all. 
Fate is indeed a vicious bitch. 
As he cleaned himself in the tepid water of the bath, it occurred to him again. Something was wrong. It was a feeling he had. Something in the atmosphere of the orphanage didn’t seem right, as if the air itself had grown thick with static. It was heavy with anxiety and something else. Something chilling. Jeffery was sure something bad was going to happen. Something awful. And it was going to happen soon. There was nothing he could do but wait and see what wretched hand fate would deal him next. 
Once he was clean, Jeffery dressed in his night clothes and left the wash room to prepare for bed. Most of the other children were in their beds already and dropping off to dreamland. He always seemed to be last in getting to the bathroom, and tonight Jeffery was sure there would be no sleep for him. The disquieting feeling was still scratching at the back of his mind like the skeletal hand of a reanimated corpse.
“Sister Shelly,” Jeffery said to the nun who ushered the children into their beds nightly. “I’m afraid something bad is going to happen.”
“Please, Jeffery,” the nun said, shooing him toward his bed. “You mustn’t say things like that. You’ll frighten the other children.”
“But it’s true. I have a bad feeling.”
“Jeffery, you are completely safe here in the orphanage. Now please, get to bed.”
Jeffery walked on, sullen. Sister Shelly was most often kind to the children, but she wouldn’t stand for anyone dallying before bed time.
Henry sat in the hall, mumbling to himself as always. Jeffery waved to the man and said goodnight, and though Henry waved in return, he otherwise didn’t acknowledge the boy, even though Jeffery was the only one that could see him there. Henry had been acting strange lately. It was late. Jeffery always being the last to get use of the washroom was a pain when it came to getting to sleep. It made getting to sleep all the more difficult when everyone around you had already drifted off, snores billowing through the room.
***
It was just one hour later that Jeffery heard the voice. A man whispered in his ear. A man who had broken into the orphanage and somehow found his way to Jeffery’s bed. Jeffery cringed as he listened to the awful voice. “Time to go, little crumpet. The master awaits.”
Then all went dark as a bag was pulled over Jeffery’s head.
***
The slender man skipped through the trees with a lunatic laugh pouring through his crooked teeth. There was no real thought in the mush that made up his brain, only a vague desire to cause mischief and get into trouble. With the moon tucked behind the snow-filled clouds, the only light that shone on the forest floor was that which bloomed from the strange man’s torch-lit eyes. The man was unaware he was being followed.
Epping Forest is a stretch of ancient woodland that sits between north-east Greater London and Essex. Among the typical wildlife that can be found in the woods, there are some beings that are just as ancient as the forest itself. Much like the mischievous man with his mad thoughts and blazing eyes. 
A loud snap from behind him and the man stopped. He turned. The woods were quiet. No animal sounds. Most were in hibernation for the winter. Another crack, this one from his left. The man turned back to find nothing but the trees that seemed to close in around him.
***
Another man watched from nearby. The mythical man with shining eyes was confused, but not scared. Beings like this one know nothing of fear and the watcher is well aware of this fact. The watcher found another rock and he threw it high over the head of the mad man to the other side of the trail. The mad man turned at the sound and the watcher saw his opportunity.
Moving quietly, the watcher lunged forward with dagger in hand and, suddenly, became a killer. The killer brought the knife down and the blade sank into the mad man’s head. A haunting scream broke the silence of the wood and the mythical being fell to the ground, his head split open and spilling the muck inside all over the ground.
It all went better than the killer had hoped. As the innards of the mad man’s head soaked into the soft dirt of the trail, the killer moved back into the trees from which he’d sprung, and hefted a large canvas bag over his shoulder. Inside the bag, a boy struggled.
The killer moved back to the body of the mad man with the sliced open head and watched. And waited. And soon, from the middle of the muck and seeds that passed as the mad man’s brains, something began to grow.

 
CHAPTER TWO

Stacey “Rudder” Wallace drained his third pint and ordered another. 
From the far corner of the pub, Z watched the big man in the bowler hat as he drank and got louder and less belligerent with each drink. It was time to approach him before more ale was consumed, but Z knew he’d have to approach with tact. He had to appeal to Rudder’s interest and that should be easy enough, what with his interest being in ghosts and Z being a ghost hunter.
Z had done his research and found that Rudder Wallace was obsessed with the spirit world. Always one to volunteer for excursions into graveyards at night or forays into notoriously haunted structures all around London, Rudder was exactly the kind of man Z needed as a new assistant. The problem was in the approach. Wallace was notoriously foul tempered and this was only made worse by generous amounts of Guinness. However, he was nearly as easily angered while sober. Z had found, upon observation, that there was a window of opportunity, around the fourth pint, where Wallace seemed almost jolly.
Z stood and moved through the crowd. The pub was crammed with revelers and the pipe smoke was so thick it was nearly solid matter. Z deftly slipped through the crowd and maneuvered closer to the bar where Rudder Wallace was engaged in friendly (although incredibly loud) conversation with a short, balding fellow nursing a whisky. All was going as planned, until a man stumbled and slammed into Z just as he neared Wallace. Z fell into the large man and knocked his pint to the floor.
“You spilled my pint,” Stacey “Rudder” Wallace’s grumble boomed over the noisy crowd.
“Oh dear,” Z said. “I’m terribly sorry. Let me buy you another.”
Wallace pulled back and threw a right hook, catching Z across the jaw and dropping him to the floor. Z felt as if his brains had been scrambled. He reached for the nearest barstool and started the difficult process of pulling himself up. Before he could stand upright, Wallace had grabbed hold of his collar and lifted him off the floor. Z was airborne for a split second before pain erupt in his back and he realized he’d hit the front window of the pub and was tumbling out onto the cobblestone street. 
Z’s body was racked with pain. He stumbled to his feet in time to see Wallace maneuver through the door that seemed too small for him, with a half empty whisky bottle in his hand that he clearly intended to use to finish the job he’d started by bashing Z’s brains in. Knowing he was no match for the man in hand to hand combat, Z pulled his coat aside and deftly pulled a revolver from the holster at his hip. One shot shattered the bottle in Wallace’s hand. The second removed the bowler hat from his head.
Wallace froze, his hands out as if he were suddenly afraid to move. 
“Is a spilled pint really worth dying over, Stacy?” Z asked, pulling the hammer back on the gun once more to prove he was serious.
Wallace looked at him with confusion. “You know me?”
“By reputation only,” Z said. “I’d come here to offer you a job. I need a man with your particular set of skills.”
“What skills would that be?”
“Your big, strong, and a hell of a fighter. And I’m in need of a new servant.”
Wallace laughed. “I serve no man.”
“Very well, an assistant then.”
Wallace shook his head.
“Bodyguard? Laborer? Call it what you will. The point is, I need help with my work and you are the ideal candidate. Especially considering your fascination with ghosts.”
Wallace looked taken aback. “Ghosts?”
“That’s right. I hunt them for a living.”
“Well, I’ll be,” the large man said, a grin spreading across his face. “Are you the ghost hunter what saved the city from those monsters?”
Z eased the hammer on the gun and dropped it to his side, his swelling ego getting the better of him. “That’s right. Ghost Hunter Z.”
The big man stared at him in awe, his grin growing even wider. “And you came here looking for me?”
“I did. My job offer is sincere.”
Wallace rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “What exactly will my duties entail?” 
Z holstered the gun and bent to retrieve his Stetson. “Well, there are horses to tend to, equipment to haul from job to job, assistance in flushing out and capturing spirits, various chores around the shop, the occasional perturbed customer that would need to be intimidated or even roughed up, plus any number of odd jobs that may require your attention. And the pay would be more than adequate for your services.”
The large man thought about it a little longer, then said; “Alright, I’ll take the job, on two conditions.”
“Name them.”
“I won’t be referred to as a servant or assistant. Associate should do I think.”  
“Agreed,” Z said with a shrug. “And the second request.”
Wallace came closer and in a very serious tone said; “Never, ever, call me Stacy. Rudder is the only name I’ll answer to.”
“Consider it done. Rudder.”
“Right then. When do we start?”
***
The two of them started the next morning. Rudder arrived promptly at the shop, with horse drawn handsome-cab. Z greeted the big man with a tip of his hat. “Rudder. Punctual and well-dressed. I approve.”
Rudder ran a hand over his short-cropped, greying hair and smiled. “Well, wouldn’t do to get off to a poor start on the first day, right?”
“Right.”
“Yeah. We’ll save that for the second day.”
Z studied the man a moment before breaking in to laughter. “So, Rudder Wallace has a sense of humour under that rough exterior. Good to know.”
Rudder chuckled. “Where to?”
“The home of Mrs. Sylvia Brownstone.”
“As you wish.”
“We have a busy day ahead of us, my new-found-friend. I hope you’re prepared.”
“I’m ready for anything.”
The cab pulled away from the tiny shop and made its way across town. Z sat in back and gazed out the window, where on the cobblestone streets the dead mingled with the living without the latter being aware of the former’s presence. This still baffled the ghost hunter, even after all his years of seeing the dead. How there could be so many of them walking among those that still took in breath. Those who had hearts that still pumped blood. Z sat back in his seat and forced his thoughts toward more pleasant topics. Like Sheila.
Some nights he couldn’t sleep because he missed her so. There had been other women, one could hardly be expected to remain faithful for such a long time apart, but none were Sheila. The love of his life was out there somewhere, solving her own mysteries using her psychic gift. Z wondered how much longer he’d have to suffer without seeing her. At least he had his work to keep him busy. Business had been booming after his recognition in the battle against Asmodeus. His small steam-powered containment unit was becoming over-crowded with ghosts that were too dangerous to be let loose in a graveyard where they could find their way into more trouble. Sylvia Brownstone had invited him to tea with the promise of a solution to this problem.
The grounds of the Brownstone house were meticulously manicured as ever and when the cab pulled around the semi-circular drive and came to a stop, Lady Brownstone stepped from the front door to greet them, now relying on her cane to help her walk far more than she had before. A visit from the ghost hunter had always brightened her day, and it warmed Z’s heart to see the joy on her face as he stepped from the cab.
“Good morning, my dear friend,” Z said as he embraced her. He was somewhat startled at how frail and thin she seemed in his arms. Still, he kept his tone cheerful. “I’m so glad to see you up and about.”
“And I’m happy to see you,” Lady Brownstone said in return. “I can’t wait to be regaled with more of your adventures. But, first, I have tea waiting in the library and a steaming hot coffee for you.”
“Much appreciated, madam. I could use it to shake off this bitter cold weather.” Z motioned to the large man at the reigns of the cab. “Allow me to introduce my new...um, associate, Mr. Rudder Wallace.”
Wallace climbed down from the cab and kissed Lady Brownstone’s hand with a bow. “Pleasure to meet you, Missus.”
“My, aren’t you a big one,” the old woman said. “Please, come in out of the cold. I have plenty of tea to go around.”
Rudder looked in Z’s direction as if searching for approval and Z nodded happily. The two men followed Lady brownstone into the house, through the foyer and down the hall to the impressive library. Z had spent many hours in the room pouring through her numerous volumes on the supernatural, legends, and myth. It was in this very room where Lady Brownstone had been attacked by an unseen force-none other than Asmodeus-in an attempt to prevent her finding information that would lead to stopping the ancient deity from attacking the city. Of course, determination was one of the Lady’s many attributes, and she’d still managed to rip the page she needed from a book and get it to Z when afterwards he visited her in hospital where she lay broken and battered.
“So, Z, what adventure do you have brewing tonight? And what happened to your eye?” Lady Brownstone asked as she poured a cup of tea.
Z said. “Rudder and I were just working out a problem last night and my eye took the brunt of a suggested solution. And how do you know I have anything planned for tonight?”
“Oh, I read the papers, I am well aware of how busy you’ve been lately. I imagine your days of falling behind on the rent are behind you.”
“Further behind than you know. I’ve just purchased the entire building. Now, I will play the part of annoying landlord.”
“Oh, how wonderful,” the lady said. 
Z felt pride swell in him at the Lady’s approval, as if she were his own grandmother and her praise was a constant prize for him to seek.
“Very impressive,” Rudder said from the end of the table, where he had dropped two sugar cubes into his cup of tea and was in the process of stirring it with a tiny spoon, his pinky finger held up as if he were a dainty school girl trying to look proper in front of guests.
“Yes, well you know me. Always on the lookout for ways to turn a buck, or a pound, I should say.”
Lady Brownstone clapped her bony hands together with excitement. “This plays perfectly into the reason that I asked you here today. My niece is looking for a new flat. Perhaps you have the room in your building?”
“Your niece? I was under the impression you had a solution for my ghosts overcrowding problem.”
“My niece is the solution you seek. She’s an inventor. A rather brilliant one too. I think she’d make a wonderful addition to your operation. She only recently lost her laboratory, evicted by her landlord because of the noise coming from her flat at all hours of the night. The place was far too small for her in any case.”
Z sat back and thought about this new information. “There is a rather spacious basement in the building, I’m sure the noise wouldn’t be a bother to other residents. My own shop and flat sit between them. Do you think she’d be able to create a chamber large enough to hold these spirits?”
“Absolutely, my niece can create nearly anything she puts her mind to.” Z heard the door open and close from the front of the house and Lady Brownstone added; “Ah, that should be her now.”
The woman that appeared in the doorway was an outright mess. Her petticoat was covered in soot, face smeared with grease, and the goggles she wore upon her brow were all that held the mane of fiery red hair in check. Her hazel eyes looked tired behind the round spectacles that sat on the bridge of her nose, and beneath the grime, Z could see a bed of freckles spreading over her cheeks. “Aunt Sylvia, I’m sorry, I didn’t know you’d have guests.”
“It’s alright, Helena dear. Come, say hello to my very good friend, Ghost Hunter Z and his associate Mr. Rudder Wallace.”
Z and Wallace stood and greeted the young woman in turn, but Helena only looked between the two of them with an untrusting eye. “I’ll leave you to your guests Aunt Sylvia.”
She turned to leave, but her aunt called to her. “Helena, don’t be ridiculous. My friend Z is here to help you. He has a place for you to stay and he is in need of your special talents.”
“Zat right?,” Helena said, suddenly interested. “What is it you need Mr. Ghost Hunter?”
“Please, call me Z,” the ghost hunter said. “Won’t you join us for tea?”
The woman considered the invitation a moment, then moved around to take a seat next to her aunt. As she poured tea in the cup in front of her she asked. “Well, Z, what can I help you with?” Helena said “Z” as if the name left a bad taste in her mouth. It was clear that she was nursing some serious trust issues.
“Well, as your aunt pointed out, I am a ghost hunter. Some of the ghosts I capture have to be contained indefinitely because they are so dangerous. With my recent increase in business the chamber I have is far too small, therefore, I need to have a much larger chamber built.”
“How much larger?”
Z thought about it a moment, the said; “About half the basement in my building I’d say. You can use the rest of the basement as your laboratory.”
“How much would I have to pay you?”
“Nothing at all. In fact, I’d pay you to build the chamber.”
“How can I say no to that?”
“You can’t.”
“Alright, you have a deal. I’ll move me things in this afternoon.”
“Excellent. Let me give you the address.”
Sylvia Brownstone clapped her hands together once again. “Oh, I’m so happy I could bring the two of you together. You two are my favourite people in the world.”
Z stood. “Well, I thank you for your help once again, Lady Sylvia.”
“Are you off so soon?” Sylvia asked.
“I’m afraid so. We do have a job tonight and we must spend the afternoon getting our equipment together. But, fear not, dear lady, I will stop by and entertain you with all the details.”
“I look forward to it.”
“As for you, Helena, Rudder and I will be at the shop preparing all afternoon, so feel free to come by anytime and I’ll show you around.”
Helena nodded awkwardly. “Right. Thanks again.”
Z bid the two women farewell and left the house with Rudder Wallace close behind. “That was very impressive,” said Rudder. “You certainly have a way with women.”
Z chuckled. “Yes, I do alright when it comes to the fairer sex. How about you?”
“Well, most are intimidated by me size, but there’ve been a few lovely lasses here and there. Say, what’s this job we have tonight?.”
Z noticed the way Rudder changed the subject. It seemed the big man was a little uncomfortable when it came to the topic of his love life. “First, let’s get back to the shop. I can help you get familiar with the equipment we use and then I’ll tell you all about tonight’s job.”
Z waited for Rudder to open the cab door for him, but the big man was already climbing up onto the driver’s seat. “Right,” Z said to himself. He then opened the door himself and climbed in. 
Sylvia was at the door with her odd niece, the two of them waving goodbye as the cab pulled away. Z couldn’t help but wonder if he’d made the right choice in taking the girl on. Of course, he’d do anything for Lady Brownstone, but something about the girl was unsettling. He wondered just what he was getting himself into.


…find out what happens next in The Nightmare Tree by D.A. Schneider.

The 9 Ghosts of Samen’s Bane
The Goat
The Mourning Mansion

Ghost Hunter Z Trilogy:
•	Ghost Hunter Z (GHZ book 1)
•	The Nightmare Tree (GHZ book 2)
•	Staff of Set (GHZ book 3)

Short Story Anthologies:
•	UNBOUND: The Clarion Call vol. 3 Fantasy Anthology (The Naglis Uprising)
•	Hell Hour Horror Anthology (The Lost Van Gogh)

Short Stories for eReaders
•	Kavidian
•	Tooth
•	The Magic Mirror of Agnes Waterhouse (GHZ Prequel)




D.A. Schneider is an author of multiple genres who makes his home in Indianapolis, Indiana. After trying for some time to break into the comic book industry with his artwork, D.A. Instead decided to focus fully on writing. He signed with KGHH Publishing in 2017 and Poe Boy Publishing in 2020.  D.A.’s latest release is the horror novels The 9 Ghosts of Samen’s Bane and Staff of Set, book three in the Ghost Hunter Z Trilogy.
