God of Odd

L Lyott

Copyright © 2021 L Lyott
Published by Eggo Publishing at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
1.	The God of Odd- part one, October
2.	The Shape on the Road
3.	Root of Evil
4.	Journey’s End
5.	The God of Odd- part two, February
6.	Grimoire
7.	Snowflakes
8.	The God of Odd- part three, June
9.	In The Dark
10.	Future Green
11.	In the Skies
12.	The God of odd- part four, October
13.	He’s Going Down
14.	The Escapologist
15.	The God of Odd- part five, September


About The Author

L Lyott's website is  youwillbelieve.com
Here’s the video... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUyf6KpXKkg


1.	The God of Odd- part one, October

Neither of us moved. We just stood there, peering through the late autumn jungle of overgrown, half-dead shrubbery and weeds. We were just eleven-year-old kids back then- I didn’t even have the guts to open the front gate. The house was huge and very run down. What we could see of it, the house was covered in dark ivy, and the windows had internal shutters, closed to the outside world. It looked like no one had lived there for years. It was not what either of us had imagined, and neither of us could ever have imagined what consequences lay ahead.

Now that we’d seen the loneliness of the place, I wondered whether we should venture on, or as I was now thinking, we should change our minds. I recalled the rumours we’d heard when we’d asked around- rumours that were exciting and believable to eleven-year-olds. One rumour was that the old girl who lived there was filthy rich and had a treasure of sorts kept somewhere secret in the house. Another was that there was a curse that no one seemed to know anything about, and then there was lots of other stuff such as séances used to be held there, the God of Odd was the lady herself, and best of all, the house was haunted by a previous owner- also an old lady- who been hacked to death by some crazy local. What kid would not find a place with all that going for it enticing beyond irresistible? But, when I was stood there, standing at the front gate staring at the old house and imagining all manners of scary stuff, it didn’t appear so enticing, on top of which, we were working-class kids from another neighbourhood and we didn’t belong in a place like this, regardless of who or what was behind the door. My stomach spoke to me, warning me that I should not have fallen in so easily with Richie and his risky ideas. Richie, ever the brave one, hadn’t changed his mind- if it were not for his bravery I’d have no story to tell and me and Richie would still be mates. The latch spring groaned as Richie slowly pushed the gate wide open.

Between a few lonely cypress trees, a narrow chequered pathway of broken and untidy tiles led up to the front door which, along with its dingy porch and part of a large bay window that reached to the eaves, was all that had been visible from the street. One hand on the open gate, Richie adjusted his woolly hat with the other. He stepped forward and let the gate fall back for me to hold open. My busy butterflies were giving me regrets, but I did what I always did- I followed Richie. Richie had been a great friend. He’d regularly got me into capers, but we always survived and were always best pals.

As we marched boldly up to the front door, hands deep in our coat pockets, we briefly observed the house’s creepy, dilapidated splendour. Then we saw the note pinned to the frame of the porch. It was a scruffy, handwritten note in very large capital letters- the same invitation we’d seen in the shop window a week before...

Come all and listen to the tales from The God of Odd.

Although, like the shop window card, there was the date and the time but nothing saying adults only, Richie had suggested from the start, ‘Don’t tell your mum and dad- they’ll only say you can’t go.’ He was right, and so they thought we were wandering Wanstead Park, as we usually did on a Sunday afternoon.

Richie lifted the brass knocker and let it hammer down loud enough to startle me, and then we waited, quietly. As we stared at the door in utter silence, I wondered if despite his calm face, Richie’s heart was perhaps dancing, just a little, like mine was- probably not. Close buddies, we were, but alike we were not- I was a chicken. Through the frosty glass and net curtains of the door, we saw a movement. An indistinguishable white shape slowly and eerily bobbed and wavered as it drifted towards the door- and towards us. We waited whilst someone took forever to undo the bolts and latches and finally open the door.

An old woman dressed in an unusually old-fashioned white dress- a bit like a Hollywood star from the silver screen days- looked down at us with an unnerving blank expression, ‘Yes?’ she said, in a high pitched frail voice. Richie did the talking, ‘We come to ‘ear the tales from the God of Odd.’

After an inexplicable long delay, the old woman’s face suddenly changed. She stared with a squinting smile that was even more unnerving than her expressionless face had been. She spoke again, exclaiming in her crackly tone,

‘The God of Odd!’

We waited, puzzled by her reply, but then she added, ‘We don’t normally have children come to the readings. Do your parents know you are here?’

Richie was quick with, ‘Yer.’ and without changing her smile, she said, ‘Ok then, why not? Come in!’ She slowly stepped to one side and beckoned us in with a skinny outstretched arm.

We stood in the entrance hall and waited for her to close the front door and then open the door to the living room- the lounge -what we at home would call the front room. When the door was opened wide, there was an immediate smell of burning candles. She told us to go in and take a seat. While we hesitated, she turned and left us.

The room was large and very dark. As our eyes adjusted to the darkness, we saw there were no other guests. The candles, strategically placed around the room on various shelving, furniture tops and the fireplace mantelpieces, were the only source of light. The yellow flames gave a faded amber glow to the darkness. The flickering shadows of several large ornaments swayed slowly on the walls. On the ceiling, the chandeliers cast more moving shadows. Had we not been alone- the first to arrive- I would not have had such an uneasy, uncomfortable feeling. Me and Richie both lived in small terraced houses- neither of us had ever been inside such a large and posh house before. We were proverbial fish out of water.

When we stepped into the room, I was surprised to notice that the room was, in fact, two rooms- the front and the back rooms combined- but there were large double doors that were room dividers opened up to create one very large space, most of which was taken up by rows of chairs neatly set out to face the rear of the house. In the rear half, heavy velvet drapes concealed the French doors to the rear garden. We moved around the chairs, to the only free space. Very prominently, in the middle of this space and stood on a large and tatty eastern rug, was a large leather chair with huge side wings. This was the reader’s chair. To one side of the high backed chair was an ornate white marble fireplace and on the other side of the chair, a tall mahogany plant stand- not for a plant but a very fat candle in a large brass holder. The candle was a mass of cascading wax drippings- like a prop from a gothic horror movie. We weren’t used to seeing classy furniture or such big rooms with high ornate ceilings- it was a real novelty, but we didn’t exactly feel at home. On top of that, the house, though extravagant and once luxuriant, was now very much dilapidated and quite dreary. The atmosphere was uncomfortably and spooky. My butterflies had settled but my mind had not.

We chose the two middle seats, directly in front of the reader’s chair, and there we sat staring around us, trying to feel relaxed. The many strange ornaments and several dark pictures hanging on the walls were all austere and gave me the creeps. Behind us, stood on a dark wooden cabinet in the corner of the front room, I noticed a stuffed creature in a glass box. This interested me. I stood up to go see it up close, but at that point, the sound of the heavy door knocker broke the silence. I immediately sat back down alongside Richie. The two of us twisted around to look behind us. We heard the old lady tottering to the door and then the front door open, followed by calm and very quietly mumbled greetings. When we sensed adults were about to enter the room we turned back around and faced the front.

Over the next ten minutes or so, more adults arrived. They all sat behind us at the back, mostly in silence but occasionally muttering very quietly. Not one spoke to us, not on that day or any of the other sessions we later attended. This, along with the house, the old lady host and the reader, assured us that it was not only the tales that were odd. After that first session, there were happenings we witnessed that bordered on the supernatural. During readings, strange sounds were sometimes heard. Scarier still was when objects would inexplicably fall or move. At the time, we assumed it was all fun and trickery arranged for the occasion- several sessions later, we learned otherwise. The creepy events we were to witness in that old house were indeed very mystical, and I might add, for us- life-changing. The house, the tales and what happened there were, all in all, odd with a capital ‘O’ and I need to tell those tales.

It was no wonder that the kids were eventually banned. However, six months after the ban, the cards in the shop window no longer appeared and we heard the tales were no more. But even after this, I got to know of many more tales from The God of Odd, and I will need to explain how this was.

I remember clearly the first tales from that first session- and from all of the sessions that me and Richie attended before the readings were closed to anyone under the age of eighteen. That first tale was called The Shape on The Road.


2.	The Shape on the Road

He would usually do the driving and she would usually sit quietly in the passenger’s seat, but sometimes she preferred to do the driving- like the morning they were heading down into town for the weekend market. The drive through the forest, along the bendy hillside on a summer morning, made driving worthwhile. She happily sat at the wheel, pulling it through her hands bend after bend- flickering sunlight at one bend, shadows at another. He relaxed, enjoying the occasion-no radio playing, just the quiet, cool sounds of the motor. Near silence, watching the movement of the view and feeling the movement of the vehicle, was therapy. Conversation wasn’t required, but sooner or later, it happens. Almost as though she was thinking aloud, she told him, “I do hope they still have that rug. I really should have bought it the last time we were there.” No response for a second or two, but then, “Why didn’t you?” “I don’t know. I guess if I bought everything I took a fancy to we’d be broke.” No pause this time for his reply, “You do and we are!” They shared the joke with a smile, and then, reaching out and digging her fingers into his knee, she said, “I’m worth it though ain’t I babe?” “Well...” he looked at her and she quickly glanced at him, “Most of the time.” he quickly added, with a big 'so so' grin and a nod of his head.

It was a perfect morning for the drive and they were both full of the optimism that summer mornings can bring. That morning the traffic had been particularly low and their spirits particularly high. Since they’d hit the road they’d seen, perhaps, just two other cars. Empty roads, clear sunny morning and being together with time on their side were how they loved it to be. Life can be good and on this morning life was good.

The couple were childless, still relatively young and still enjoying the youth of their relationship. They both had positive views of life and of the future- in short, they were happy and content people and probably more so than most.

After another five minutes of calm quietness, something moving in the forest caught his attention. He watched and wondered what it was. When it was gone he was still thinking about it, trying to work out what it could have been. He was then thinking that, maybe, his eyes had deceived him but, whilst he was thinking that, he saw it again. This time he spoke up,

“Hey!” He sat up from his lounging position and looked over his shoulder. He turned back, "I just saw something in the woods.” She teased him, “There’s always something in the woods.” His voice was serious and with a little excitement in it, “No-I saw something weird. It was like a_ a blurry shape_ coasting along, moving through the trees. Like smoke but, kind of solid smoke.” She didn’t know what to say. He continued, “Really-it was weird! It was twirling_” She quickly braked the car and brought it to a halt.

Just twenty metres up ahead in the middle of the road stood a lone deer. The creature stood staring in their direction. “Wow. There’s a treat, eh?” was her immediate reaction.

Whilst they watched and treasured the moment, a young foal came out from the brush on their side of the road. The mother stood firm as the young one slowly trotted across the road. The couple both exclaimed with an ‘ah!’ and she added, “Beautiful!” Before the foal had reached the other side its sibling trotted out from the brush and the couple’s exclamations turned to cheers. It was then that the weird, thick column of smoke came writhing and twirling out of the woods, some ten metres behind the deer. “That’s it! That’s what I saw!” “What the hell is that?” She exclaimed.

The shape hung in the air, hovering just a few inches off the road. Fat at the top, tapering away at the bottom, it was a dark smoky grey, the height of a very tall man but much fatter. It revolved like a miniature tornado in slow motion- and it was silent. They sat and watched and they made tiny sounds to express their amazement. The thing very slowly began creeping forward, towards the unsuspecting animals.

Just when the mother and her baby had turned to dart into the forest, the shape caught them. It wrapped itself around the two creatures, lifting them, engulfing them and somehow vanishing them. At that point, expletives came from both the observers who were sat, dumbfounded in their car. The strange shape bulged, swelling out but then retracting back to its previous shape and size. Its first appearance had been awesome and puzzling, but now, after they had seen what it had just done and the fear of the unknown had hit home, its appearance was instantly changed to one of a sinister menace. They’d gasped and cried out as the twisting shape had somehow swallowed up the mother and baby, and now, as they watched it, they feared it. Their fear grew when they could hear the cries and screams coming from the distorted shapes that they could see rolling inside the thing. The moment she realised it was approaching the vehicle and coming for them, she put the car in reverse.

When the shape was only two metres from the bonnet, they could clearly see the movements of the vague things visible inside it. Closer, and the shape revealed the revolving things within it- the terrified faces of the deers. There were also blood and body parts- limbs, a hind and furry bits. When it was so close it was about to touch the car, they heard the distant human screaming, and they briefly saw a hand, turning and drifting within its broiling mass. The car shot backwards and away, the engine and gearbox roaring as the revs reached maximum.

The shape continued to follow them, twirling and twisting. Top speed in reverse was soon reached and this kept the shape at bay.
She cried out above the sound of the screaming car, “How close is it?” “About a car length-maybe more!” he screamed back at her. She was unable to watch the thing that pursued them, but he was able to give excited, shouting commentary to tell her what he was seeing and how close the thing was. She could see it all in her mind and she saw too the bend in the road ahead. “There’s a human face in it!” He looked, and he saw a human head in a swirl of foggy, pale red blood-it had the same terrified expression that he had on his own face.

Reversing a car around a tight bend and at high speed is not a skill that any driver is likely to have, and she knew this-she shouted out in panic, “How close is it?” He had seen the bend and he had seen the hazard it posed, but now he was staring back at the thing. He shouted back at her, “It’s about the same- a car and a half-take it easy!” She came off the accelerator to take the bend, but she was too cautious- the vehicle was heading for the undergrowth. “It’s getting closer!” She pulled the wheel harder. The vehicle lurched and rocked. “It’s gonna get us!” She heard his cry, but she also saw the other vehicle which was coming at them at speed. The other driver, shocked at why a car was reversing madly and blindly around the bend in front of him, simultaneously slammed on his brakes whilst swerving to the middle of the road in an attempt to avoid a collision. His vehicle went into a spin, clipped the couple’s car and came to a halt, at a diagonal angle and facing back up the hill. The couple’s car, still facing downhill, had also come to a halt and was also at an angle across the road. Unfortunately for the stranger, it was his car that was now closest to the shape on the road.

She put the car in gear. She waited. They watched. The shape hovered behind the stranger’s car. The stranger was facing the wrong way to be able to see what was coming for him. “No! No!” she muttered. She waved her arms around and pointed. They both pointed and they both shouted, “Look out!”

He saw them waving but his expression was one of sheer anger- targeted at them. By the time she had wound down her window to point and shout he had already caught sight of it out of the corner of his eye. The stranger barely had time to change his expression before the shape had passed, ghost-like, into his car. There was nothing the couple could do but speed off back down the hill whilst they listened to the screaming- first loud, but then instantly muffled.

She had no difficulty driving downhill in forward-drive at rally speed but he told her, “Not too fast! Not too fast!” She heard him but her head and her heart, telling her to get the hell out as fast as possible, were louder.

“Is it behind us?” She asked him. He was already twisted around in his seat; staring back at the empty road and praying for it to stay empty. “No-we’re safe now-hopefully.” She heard, but still, her instincts kept her foot on the pedal. He continued to constantly swap his focused attention from the rear of the car to the front and, although the car was travelling at an uncomfortably high speed whilst the road behind was always clear, in his mind he could not stop seeing the thing coming into sight and appearing on the empty road behind them. Whichever direction he looked, he saw fear.

“What on God’s earth was that thing?” was her question that she knew could not be answered. He gave a pathetic, flustered reply, “A miracle- a miracle from hell! I’ve never seen or heard the likes of such a thing. No one’s going to believe us.” It next occurred to him that- “When we tell people, and they then find his car on the road and him gone, what will they think? Perhaps, we shouldn’t tell.”
“Not tell! Are you kidding?”
“But what will they think? No one’s gonna believe it- I wouldn’t believe it! Would you believe it if someone told you they’d just witnessed a cloud of smoke come out of the woods and eat up animals and a guy in his car?”

“Well, how long can you go without speaking about it? It’s too big, it’s too mad! I’ve got to tell people.”

“What will you say when they don’t believe you and when they find that guy missing? They’re going to think we’re crazy and that we’ve murdered that guy and hidden his body.”

“Why should we murder a complete stranger on the road?”

“Babe- we’ve just had an accident and it was our fault. You saw the expression on his face – he was about ready to kill us, and just about everyone knows what road rage can do to a person. There could easily have been a fracas- and a murder!”

“Sure, but why would we then give ourselves away by telling...” She saw another car coming up the hill. She slowed, she flashed, she wound down the window, but the other car was already passing alongside at speed. She could only let it pass, thinking aloud, “Maybe there’ going to be others with the same story.”

He replied with, “If they survive to tell, maybe.” She asked, "Were there any children in that car?" He looked over his shoulder, "I couldn't tell." he told her. He was feeling less anxious after the car had passed them. He recognised that the thing now had someone else who would be, unknowingly, offering themselves up whilst the two of them were being given the chance to make an escape. He continued, “Well, I don’t know what we should say or do. Pity we didn’t have time to take a picture of that thing.”

“Yer- why didn’t you? Dummy!” They'd both laughed at her sarcasm but the respite from the horror was superficial. She openly continued her train of thought, “We had better make our minds up about what we're going to say-we’ll be there soon.” But, before they could even begin to discuss their quandary, they were to be distracted.

When they took the next bend they saw it again. It came out from the forest hillside, then continued across the road and disappeared downhill, back into the forest on the other side of the road. Her foot had come off the accelerator, but she saw a scenario in her head, “Where is it? What shall I do?”
He was quick with a decision, “Keep going! Foot down, I don’t think it can keep up with us downhill.” But the scenario she saw was, “But what if it’s waiting for us and is going to come out at us?”

There was no time, she went with his decision and raced on downhill- and past the point at which it had gone back into the forest but then they both suddenly understood- he spoke what they were both thinking, “It’s cutting downhill through the forest to get us at the bottom!” With renewed panic in her voice, she asked him, “What should we do? Shall I turn around?” A brief pause while they both tried to weigh up their options and then- another bend in the road.

Without further discussion, they sped on downhill-it was easier than turning around and going back uphill to where they'd already had a miraculous escape. They lived on hope, but as they rounded that next bend, their mustered feelings of hope were quashed. There it was, waiting in the middle of the road at the bottom of the hill. It didn’t wait long- it began to come up the hill, straight at them. After they had both let out a succession of curses and exclamations, she pulled the car into the middle of the road to head straight for it. She was calling it some very choice words.

“What you doing?” he cried out, “You saw it take that guy in his car! You can’t run it down!”
“It’s fifty-fifty whether it can guess which side I’m going to swing to.” She was determined, and he was quick to recognise there was no other choice. She focussed, her jaws tightened. He was petrified. He braced himself and mumbled, “God, no, no, no...” The car picked up speed, but there was another bend coming up. Her driving skills were going to have to be very high to pull this one off.

They both screamed at the top of their voices as the distance between them and it rapidly diminished to collision point. At the climax, she swerved to her right, her voice still screaming at top pitch. It passed through the corner of the vehicle and was gone. She shouted jubilantly and raised a clenched fist. She turned to her partner to enjoy and share their reaction. He was gone.

She screamed out. She called his name and she screamed some more. She looked in her rear view mirror and saw an empty road, but then she saw the bend in the road ahead. The tyres squealed. The car leaned and rolled, sliding and rocking violently as she clung onto the wheel and swung it around the sharp, downhill turn. She was too distraught to appreciate the fact that she'd managed to survive the bend.

Through her tears, she saw the town ahead of her.
She drove on, all the while crying and mumbling and shaking her head from side to side.

She grew weak, then numb as her passion for escape began to wilt. The vehicle slowed but she did not stop. She began talking to him,

“Where are you, baby?”
“What happened? I love you...”
“What should I do? I don't know what to do! Should I turn round? ”
“What should I do baby? Help me!” Her hand pummelled the wheel.

She cried and she drove, and she hurt so deep inside. Her head, full of confusion, disbelief, horror and desperation, grew more tired and more numb, but all she could do was drive on.

“Yes, yes, I will survive. I will survive- tell me what to do baby. I don’t know what to do.”

Ahead, she saw another car coming up the hill, but her mind was too weak for her to think and decide what she should do. She just drove on, downhill, in a daze. Before she passed the other car, the thing came out of the forest and took the approaching car’s driver. The other vehicle, now driverless, reared across the road in front of her. Everything was happening so fast but her mind was still in a sluggish rut of dazed depression. Miraculously, the out of control car, the shape on the road and her, in her car, somehow managed to avoid all contact but, as she sped past the swirling grey tornado, she thought she saw his face crying out to her. She continued weeping as she drove on into the town. She was already thinking of driving straight through- there was nothing that anyone could do. Nothing could be done. However, from the deepest corners of her mind came hopeful thoughts. Self-preservation can be a powerful thing. She thought that, perhaps, it was all a dream, it was all unreal, it couldn’t possibly have happened, she couldn't possibly have lost him- not in that way. Those same thoughts moved on to visions of salvaging the lost. She thought that some creatures it had taken may still be there inside the thing, surviving-after all, they had heard their screams coming from within. She thought there may be a way for them to escape. If they could still be alive somewhere inside its twirling mass, then that meant, therefore, rescue was not impossible. As she drove on, past the market and through the town, heading for the valley below, she whispered to herself, “I’ll save you, baby.”

The market was open but there was no one around. The town was empty. The high street, the market, the side turnings the whole place was devoid of all people. She drove on, through and out of the town. When she was back, out on the forest road and onto the open road overlooking the valley, she saw ahead of her, in the fields and on the road, scores of grey, smoky shapes twirling silently on towards the city. She could think only of him and of finding him. As she drove, she spoke quietly, “Where are you? What happened to you? What’s in there with you? How can I get you back Baby?” and eventually, she would know the answers.


3.	 Root of Evil
 
Yesterday, the humidity had changed. The temperature had risen and now, today, a slow steady current of warm air passed over the savannah and across the fields and through the crops. The dry season had arrived. The warm breeze passed through the trees and the small tidy houses of Milumbe village. From there, the winds flowed on, down to the muddy clay waters of the Chikwende and up into the woodlands of the mountains, to sail off and away to other waiting lands.
 
Evening was drawing to a close and the night shadows were soon to creep across the dusty pathways, the landscaped walkways and open places where the adults met to sit and talk of their day and of their lives and of their dreams. The children had finished their studies. Their chores were over and their suppers were eaten. Now it was playtime- sevelengi. The children ran and chased each other through the square, around the mango trees and between the houses. Their excited voices were carried off by the savannah breeze. Their growls and their cheers rolled and tumbled through the air. The children's cries and melodies rose, soaring high into the night, rising up and away from the houses, away from the fields, away and out into the wilderness of quieter lands.
 
At the edge of the village towered the old dead, leafless tree. It stood tall. Its bare, spidery limbs reaching out, subtly moved in the night breeze. The leafless fingers clawed the air above the overgrown graves and the border hedgerows of the cemetery. Its twining roots stretched far into the depths of the buried. No children played here. No adults sat to talk here. This was a place only visited out of necessity. Here, snakes lived in the unkempt grass and undergrowth. Here slept the dead. No one ever wished to disturb the slumbers of those who slept here. No one wished to awaken those who lay, resting in peace or in the unrest of a cursed past. No one ever took firewood from the tree. No one ever spoke of the tree. The tree was older than all the souls resting amidst its roots. The tree knew all the stories of the sleeping dead and it knew all the dreams of those who, as yet, remained above the ground. The tree stood tall and it towered over all else.
 
Lisbet’s two youngest children rested beneath the tree’s spreading roots, as did her firstborn and as did her husband. Lisbet’s one remaining child had left the village two years ago to live in the city with her aunt, and now Lisbet lived alone in the village, with just her memories, and her hate.
 
Lisbet’s husband had died from a snake bite that he received whilst near the woods at the foot of the mountain. People only went to the high grounds when they needed to gather wood, and this was done by the boys and men of the village, just twice a year. Together, they would beat and thrash the ground to clear the area of snakes, but still, snakes would be found, and then killed. Lisbet’s husband had visited the woods regularly. He visited the undergrowth at night, and sometimes in the daylight, but always with his brother’s young wife. Lisbet’s brother-in-law lived in a house that he and Lisbet’s husband had built together, many years back. Her brother-in-law's house was just opposite Lisbet’s own house, also built by the two brothers. Lisbet's hatred for the woman in that house had brewed and fermented, never to allow her peace but always feeding her passion for revenge. The village knew all of this but life went on.

Lisbet’s firstborn had died when only a baby. Lisbet’s two youngest children got ill one after the other, both within a year of her husband’s death and, only a few months later, Lisbet buried her two youngest alongside her husband. Before the following year was out, Lisbet’s remaining child, then eighteen, had left for the city and an education. Lisbet and her hatred lived on alone.

A time would come when Lisbet would be too old to work in the fields or to make her adequate contribution to the village. When that time would come, Lisbet would have to go to her brother-in-law and ask him and his family to support her. A day would come when Lisbet would be forced to rely on her husband’s sister-in-law to feed and care for her, but Lisbet blamed this woman for everything bad that had happened since her and her late husband had ventured to the mountain woodlands. Lisbet broiled with hatred, and she would sooner die before she would ever need to rely on that woman. She would do anything to change the future’s path and to reap revenge on that woman.


The evening stars filled the sky and a large, yellow moon threw soft illuminations over the village. Lisbet had watched the moon’s quiet face floating high above and she had sat waiting for it to slowly sink low to the horizon to leave the land in quiet blackness. When just the brilliance of twinkling, sparkling stars illuminated the heavens and the lands, Lisbet still waited. Not until the deep black hours of the night, did Lisbet embark on her plan. She gathered her long knarled stick and her long sharp knife. She tied twine around the waist of her skirt wrap, and she left her house. Her naked feet made no sound on the soft ground as she passed her brother-in-law’s house. No one could hear the purring of her thoughts or know of her evil intent. She passed the dying embers of her brother-in-law’s night fire, and she continued on, away from the village and away from the living. She followed the pathway that led out of the village and on towards the cemetery, and to the resting souls of her loved ones. Soon Lisbet was a tiny, lonely shadow moving on an empty pathway, a pathway that led only to the dead and to the tall dead tree that guarded overall. The tree waited for Lisbet.

The tiny walkways that passed between the graves were overhung with weeds and tall grasses. In the night air, a lone cicada's song whispered warnings to the cemetery intruder, but the intruder's mission was far too important to take heed. The wooden crosses, grave boulders, and the surrounding tangled undergrowth were fused and mingled together. The undergrowth brushed the cloth of Lisbet’s garment as she passed along the walkway to the tree. Thorns caught on the cotton of her wrap, but she tugged them away, gently swinging her long staff low to the ground, across her and behind her as she continued on-she was not going to allow any snake to deny her the success of her plan.

Nothing grew near the tree. The tree’s surrounding ground lay bare, its cold soil barren and untrodden. Lisbet paused to gaze upon the distant tree. She let go of the stick and the machete. She raised her arms upwards, her fingers opening and her arms swinging wide, and she fell to her knees. Drawing her outstretched arms across her front, she muttered and chanted old words and old desires. She chanted some more before she finally fell silent. Her arms fell to her sides, her head hanging low. In the darkness, she waited motionlessly. Eventually, she bent and picked up the stick and the knife, and she went to the tree.

Carefully, she used the stick to press down on the lowest branches so that she could select and sever a sample of the longest, straightest and thinnest twigs. When she had sufficient, she bundled them together, along with her knife, and tied them with the twine from around her waist. She placed the bundle on her head. One hand holding on to her gathered twigs and one hand holding the stick, she began her way homeward, back through the cemetery, all the while swinging her stick until she had passed through the burial grounds.

Lack of sleep did not stop Lisbet from rising early the next day to begin her work- when the sun would rise, so too would she rise. During the night, whilst she had slept, she’d kept the small bundle of sticks on the floor beside her. When the first cock crowed, she arose, opened the wooden shutter to the tiny window of her room, picked up her sticks and took them from her tiny bedroom to the larger, day room. She opened the wooden shutters of the day room and then the door to the outside. Before starting, she poured herself a beaker of water from the jug under the window, took a few sips and then sat crossed-legged on the floor directly below the window. In the calmness of the early morning light, she untied the bundle. She sorted the sticks and twigs and, with the knife, she began trimming the sticks. She cut the twigs into various lengths, her skilled fingers weaving and threading, fastening and fabricating the two small dolls she had perceived in her mind many months before. At the finish, she sighed with contentment and with hope-neither of which she had felt since her husband’s death. She hid the dolls under a small pile of her possessions that she kept in the corner of the room. After, she began whittling the long stick she had taken with her the night before. Using the whittled stick, the remaining larger twigs and the twine, she fashioned herself a besom broom.

Later, Lisbet sat with her new broom, outside on the raised base of her house, and she waited for her brother-in-law’s daughters to come home from school. When she saw the two girls, she beckoned them over to her and she spoke gently to them, telling them she had made a broom for their mother. The girls were pleased and quickly ran with the broom to their mother and excitedly showed the gift to her-they knew nothing of the relationship between their mother and their aunt. Their mother, secretly surprised and suspicious, joined in with her children’s excitement. She then began searching her mind for a return gift. She removed one of the tiny bracelets of dried seeds from her wrist and gave it to her elder daughter. The girls ran to Lisbet and, with smiles and wishes, they gave her the bracelet. Lisbet thanked the two girls and told them to thank their mother kindly.

The hardest part of Lisbet’s scheme was over. Lisbet now went straight away to the two dolls and immediately wrapped the bracelet around the smaller one. She next took a small piece of white cotton that she had kept in a fold in the top of her skirt, and she wrapped it around the other, larger doll.

Holding a doll in each hand, she closed her eyes. Her tired face blossomed with a rare smile as her inner wishes rose and swam through her mind's desire. She drew the dolls close to her and began muttering incessantly, feverishly. For the rest of the whole day, she ate nothing and she did not leave the house. Lisbet spent her day clutching the two dolls and speaking silent words, wishing and praying to the tree, calling to it, beckoning and pleading for her justice.

Throughout the day, Lisbet again waited for the stars to shine and for the moon to sink low, and for the village to sleep. Then, with a new stick and clutching her dolls, she went again to the cemetery, and to the tree.

Lisbet stood surveying the graveyard and the tree on the far side. The low moon and the night’s stars bathed the tree and the surrounding cemetery in a gentle warm light. Lisbet moved towards the tree.

The topmost branches of the tree reached up, clawing at the sky. The middle branches stretched outwards, pointing to the horizon. The lower limbs hung out and downwards, the tips of the furthermost branches almost touching the coarse, sandy soil. The oldest, lower limbs stretched the furthest of all, and their slender, spidery branches were twisted and angled, their wood gnarled and distorted.

Lisbet walked carefully between the graves until she had reached the boundary of the tree. She knelt not far from its lowest hanging branches, and she began speaking silent words that only the tree could hear. With eyes tightly closed and teeth clenched, she mouthed her wishes, her desire for revenge. She begged, and she prayed to the tree that it might help her. Then, she waited.

Her eyes still closed, kneeling in the darkness, she sat back on her heels with her hands by her sides. In her hands, she held the small figurines fashioned from the tree’s twigs. Dwarfed by the hugeness of the tree, Lisbet's tiny kneeling silhouette rested amidst the surrounding crosses, low shrubs and old stumps of long-dead trees. There was no breeze on this night, no motion of any kind. She spoke again to the tree, muttering in gasping rhythm, her lips contorting with the expression of her desire. A chorus of night crickets sung above the low whisperings of Lisbet’s words. The crickets sang on and on. Their song, growing louder and louder, became excited beyond nature’s designs. For a long while, time passed without significance. But then there came a movement. It was not a visible moment but an unnoticed one-the movement of Lisbet’s soul. Lisbet’s soul carried her desires down and into the soil, soaking into the ground and flowing between the graves and the dried bodies and the tree’s tangled roots. It spilt first into her husband’s grave and then into the tree, reaching into the spirits of both, infiltrating, mingling and conspiring to do her wishes, at the tree's bequest. The crickets’ song began to rise higher, reaching a fervent crescendo and then, in an instant, came a great silence that filled the cemetery. The angry seeds of desire were released.

A long, heavy silence followed. Lisbet remained on her knees with the dolls beside her whilst her soul stretched down into the ground, into the corpse and into the tree. Lisbet’s eyes were tightly closed, her mind transfixed, her thoughts waiting for her dream to transpire.

At first, the tiny creaking sounds were hardly noticeable, but gradually they became apparent, and slowly Lisbet’s eyes opened. Her head rose slowly as her eyes searched the old tree. Directly in front of her, amidst the tangled branches, Lisbet saw the strange new shape that had not been there before. There was no wind on this night, yet, from the lowest of the branches, there swayed a peculiarly fat bough as long as a man. It had several scrawny limbs that branched out like arms and legs. It moved with subtle, barely noticeable, writhing motions, quivering and gyrating. With each muscular spasm there came a tiny transformation. A bending, curving and reshaping, slowly took place. Next were the sounds of creaking, snapping, and the hissing of glistening sap spitting from wooden wounds. The shape swelled and transformed. Slowly there formed the resemblance of dark arms and dark legs, with the extremities of the most slender twigs curling like fingers and toes. Lisbet watched in excited silence. Metamorphosis was underway.

Very soon, there appeared in the tree, a half-formed torso of a long-dead man. From the torso sprouted bizarre limbs and the shape of a bulbous head. The weight of the new growth slowly lowered the body, feet first, towards the ground. Dark, anatomical shapes slowly appeared; ribs and a chest expanded, a head grew, a face evolved. The arms and legs stretched and began to bend. One leg became crooked at the knee and its foot, with freshly formed toes, stretched towards the waiting soil. To the continued sounds of snapping and creaking timbers, the limb bounced under its increasing weight. Quickly the final grotesque details had formed. As the second leg lowered downwards to the ground, the bony arms, with hands and fingers, swayed and danced with a rhythmic motion. The creature was near complete.

Lisbet’s unblinking eyes stared in awe and wonder, her heart pounding. She watched as both feet of the new creation touched with the ground. The tree man wriggled and twisted to free itself from the tree. The head pulled away, the hair tugged and stretched until finally the man broke free and rose up to stand tall. The creature’s new born face- part tree, part man and part corpse- turned to Lisbet to show her the familiar features she had once loved.

Darkness moved across the graveyard as a lone cloud had crept across the face of the low moon. The dark shape of the ebony thing stared down at the kneeling woman. Lisbet rose and turned. She walked out of the cemetery and it followed her close behind.

When Lisbet and her creature had returned to the sanctuary of her small home, the night was only half over. Once inside her house, she lit the hurricane lamp, and in the half-light, she admired her returned husband remodelled from dead wood. She did not like the strange half wood half flesh texture to his naked body, and so she wrapped him in cotton cloth from the empty children’s bedroom. She held his arm and drew close to him, speaking softly to him in a voice of both authority and affection. Lisbet relished telling his empty, hideous head of her plan and how she would become his younger brother’s wife when her goal had been accomplished. She then used the dolls to show how he would strangle his brother’s wife. It did not and could not respond. She reached up to him and held his head in her hands. He was cold to the touch, and this she did not like. She left the creature standing alone inside while she went outside and relit the small pile of wood under the cooking pot which she then half-filled with water. When the water was hot, she took the pot into the house, covered it with a lid, and placed her husband’s doll on the lid. She took her husband by the hand and led him to the bedroom, where she lay with his warming body for one last time. She could not sleep for fear of daylight coming before her plan could be finished, but sleep was not what she desired.

When the time was right, Lisbet took her tree man to the door of her house and quietly ordered him to go and do as she had asked. When alone, she closed the door and sat inside on the floor in the darkness, listening to the night.

The creature crossed the open sandy ground between the two houses and entered the other house through its one door, and there it stood in the silent darkness of the empty living area. For a brief moment, it waited in the dark, perfectly still, and then it turned and walked to the parent’s room and quietly entered.

Lisbet used her dolls to reinforce what she wanted to happen, and within a few short seconds, she heard cries and commotion from the house opposite. This was how she had imagined it would happen. A large male figure, strong and insane, would strangle that woman. It would fight with her husband and defeat him. Then, his escape would be witnessed by the children and by Lisbet. The local villages would quickly hear the story, and no lone wandering male would be safe from suspicion for months to come, but eventually, the story would fade, the grief would fade but, before then, it would be perfectly natural for Lisbet to care for the orphans and for the widower and, soon after, the past would be gone and the future’s path would be changed; Lisbet would remain vanquished and triumphant.

When the cries and screams grew, Lisbet went outside to sit by her fire and to wait for victory. Meanwhile, the woman’s husband first recognised the strangeness of the assailant, his inhuman features and rare strength, and then, whilst he wrestled, he saw through the window opening of the bedroom, his sister-in-law outside her house sat by her night fire. He cried out to his children and told them to take the fire from outside and to run to the old tree in the cemetery and burn it. The oldest girl took hold of the broom and ran outside to the fire.

Lisbet saw the girl running towards her and her fire but Lisbet’s head was too crowded to realise what was about to happen. The girl thrust the broom into the fire- the broom made from the tree and tied with Lisbet’s twine. Lisbet, still holding the two dolls, screamed out as the broom ignited in her own fire. As both the broom and she were engulfed in flame she dropped one doll, the small doll. The other doll, clasped in her hand, immediately caught fire, and so too did the avenging creature that wrestled with her brother-in-law in the other house. The two flaming figures wrestled through the house, setting fire to whatever they touched, and eventually, they collapsed together by the door of the house, too late to be saved.

The two funerals were held, one after the other. The two charred bodies were buried in the village cemetery close to the tree. Lisbet’s sister-in-law and her two girls moved out from their destroyed house and into Lisbet’s now empty house. There, the sister-in-law lived on to mourn and to grow old with the memories of what she had done and what had been done to her in revenge. In the chaos of that night, the tree, dead as it had been for many, many years, had not been set afire but had remained as always to tower over all.

Author’s note: This tale is also published in the series ‘Breakdown’


4.	 Journey's End

Ronnie was a widower, and he couldn't always remember how old he was. He'd been stood at the bus stop for fifteen minutes, and his old legs and his old back were already aching, but he wasn't worried because his years had given him the resilience that comes with optimism and the resignation that comes with pessimism. Over the years, both these things had grown in him. They were the necessary tools a person needs to survive in an old and ailing body. In all likelihood, the bus would arrive before he would collapse or die and once on the bus, sit or stand, he would know he was that much closer to being home.

Ronnie waited. The bus arrived. Ronnie journeyed home.

In the grey afternoon light, Ronnie now sat by the window of his ground floor maisonette overlooking a small town park in a street of Victorian terraced houses. Spring skies had not yet shown, but Ronnie liked to watch the sky at any time of the year. He also watched the occasional passing car or pedestrian, and as he looked, he would often think of the same street in its past. Today, Ronnie thought of the street's future, and then he thought of his future. Questions would come into Ronnie's head, but the answers always told him he shouldn't bother with such questions. Ronnie sat, watched and waited.

Ronnie and the questions waited. Life is what it is. Life gives and takes what it wants. Ronnie's life had been long, varied and average. He had had good times and bad times, but mainly average times- that is the common statistic that is life. Ronnie was a statistic, as we all are. He had been brought up by parents who were not very poor but who never had a lot of money. Ronnie himself had never had a lot of money or ever been truly poor. He'd had only a couple of serious relationships, of which both had ended in marriage. He and his first wife had got divorced. His second wife had died. Ronnie had no children from his first marriage, two children from his second marriage, and he had three grandchildren. Ronnie had lived pretty much like most people his age. All Ronnie's children, and grandchildren, now lived too far away for regular contact, but he had become accustomed to the loneliness, and his expectations of life were few- if any. He existed in an old body, too useless for the remembered pleasures of his past, his world only offering what was already too familiar. This existence was Ronnie's final, destined chapter. Ronnie had grown old, so very old.

After sitting in his humble armchair by the window for just fifteen minutes, Ronnie looked out across the street but saw nothing. His mind had drifted as his thoughts had settled softly like falling dust-covering the past. He turned his gaze to the semi-darkness of his living room. The living room, its furniture, and its contents appeared as old and as dull as its resident. Ronnie stared at nothing in particular, and he thought of nothing in particular. He stared across the room like a bored dog, oblivious to the world around him, awake but unconscious, seeing but unaware. Eventually, he entered a waking dream in which his deepest thoughts and dreams took control. His eyes followed invisible characters and his lips mouthed silent communications. After a while, his head fell back in his chair, he closed his grey eyes, and he began talking aloud... "Look what's happened now! I told you, didn't I?" Ronnie regressed, and for the next few minutes, there was a period of silence.

Sleep now held onto Ronnie, and he rested in its arms while his inner, deepest dreams stirred and rehearsed. Both sleep and wake intermittently carried the old man through his daily life. Day or night, sleep constantly relaxed him and relieved him of all the negativity brought on by moments of contemplation- and realisation.

Suddenly, Ronnie sat upright, lifted himself out of his chair and went to the kitchen, talking to others who weren't there- this was his routine. Over the years, memories and visions had both delighted and tormented Ronnie, and, in all that time, senility and dementia had claimed more territory. Ronnie knew he saw what wasn't there, but this was better than seeing an empty home. He knew others saw him as old and crazy, but he'd rather talk to familiar ghosts than to strangers, and talking aloud when there was no one else around was not always talking to yourself- Viv would sometimes be with him, and he would tell her how the children and grandchildren were doing, and why he hadn't managed to visit her grave for so long. Viv was always more understanding than strangers or care workers like Carla. Peter would often fetch Ronnie's slippers and, although Peter and the butchers that used to sell Ronnie scrap meat and bones had both died many years ago, Ronnie would still put down whatever scraps he had for his best friend from the past. Frequently Ronnie would relive childhood visions and fantasies, sometimes with school friends lost in his diminished past and sometimes with his older brother Jack, lost only recently. Sometimes he would hug his parents or sing while his mother played the piano- he regretted selling his old piano after Viv had passed away, but arthritis had made the instrument an unwanted relic of torment.

Sometimes, when he was alone, Ronnie would look for answers. The biggest answer that sang to Ronnie was that there is no life after death. However, Ronnie no longer believed in death. He believed only in life- and in dreams. He had come to understand that dreams and life were the same and that death could take away neither dreams nor life. Life was an experience, and dreams were too, whereas death counted as nothing- and nothing cannot outweigh and take away all that has happened. All that exists is thought only, be it real or imaginary. I think, therefore, I am; everything else does not exist. Ronnie saw his life as the pages of a book- the book's existence is eternal; all else that lies outside its pages are other books or the insignificant. Ronnie's life story would be eternal; death could do nothing to ever change what was or had been. But, try as he may to believe in the non-existence of death, Ronnie still feared death most of all.

Knowing that the mind had the power to see and experience more than what was actually there was a dangerous thing to know and to accept- it took away the stability of reality. Ronnie had known and feared that his subconscious may somehow take control of his life and that there was nothing he would be able to do to change that. Maybe his subconscious was protecting him from the emptiness of his later years, or perhaps his subconscious was simply having its inevitable turn after eighty-four long years of waiting in a place of captive silence and suppressed creativity. Maybe, his subconscious was the real Ronnie about to emerge after a lifetime of waiting. The maybes were many. All Ronnie could do was to wait and to wonder and sometimes to fear. Ronnie's inner fears had turned to what he might next see- to the distant hauntings awaiting in the depths of his subconscious, but also that which awaited in the depths of reality. It was only a matter of time before something dark and feared and unwanted would surface in front of him. That time, he believed, and knew, was soon- maybe now. Ronnie believed all this simply because there was now more of a pessimist in him than an optimist and because he had already felt something beginning to stir from within.

He came from the kitchen and back into the living room with a cup of hot tea. He hadn't bothered to prepare anything for supper. It had been a long time ago that he had had any interest in food. He placed the tea on a small, high table alongside his chair, and he picked up his spectacles from the same table top, placed them very carefully on his worn and sullen face and then went slowly over to the TV and switched it on. He turned back, then silently crossed the room to carefully drop himself back into his chair.

Television could distract Ronnie from life, from boredom and from his subconscious that constantly brewed within him. It would also send him to sleep. He was rarely able to keep his eyes open for long enough to make watching TV worthwhile, but the process was therapeutic.

After a couple of hours, Ronnie awoke when the doorbell rang. In the dark, Ronnie slowly reached for the two remotes. He used the first to turn the TV down, and then he spoke into the second, "Hello?" The intercom did not reply. "Who's there?" There was anxiety in Ronnie's voice. Again, "Who's there?" and again, no reply. Ronnie knew who had come. There was the sound of someone outside in the hallway. It must be Carla- she had a key. He hoped it would be Carla.

Ronnie faced the door to the hallway, and he waited. It was now late afternoon, and the room was dark. The hazy glow from the silent TV lit Ronnie's face and danced in his spectacles. Ronnie heard the sound of the key turning in the door. He stared at the door. Carefully, he removed his glasses and whispered a tiny plea, "Please..." He wanted it to be Carla and not what his mind feared. He repeated, just as softly, "Please!"

The door to the hall opened. In the brightness of the hall light stood a tall, dark silhouette, its distorted shadow, stretching from its feet, spread out across the floor of the living room, on towards Ronnie. The timer switch in the hallway clicked, and the hall light went out. The dark, vague figure that could not be Carla stepped inside. Ronnie picked up his glasses and, putting them back on, he greeted the tall, dark visitor with a hesitant childish fear, "Carla?"

The door, unaided, slowly closed. Ronnie's ancient heart pumped hard as his eyes began to readjust and focus. Again he removed his glasses- this time to rub his eyes. Silently stood by the door, the figure waited, motionless. Ronnie was too afraid to speak again. The hazy figure, shimmering in the light from the TV, appeared to have grown, its blurred towering image quivered like a black flame. Ronnie lunged backwards, pressing himself back into the chair. His mouth fell open, his eyes grew wide. Still, the figure waited. The spectacles fell from Ronnie's hand as his fingers tightened on the wooden armrests of the chair. His legs stretched outwards and stiffened. His breathing grew deep and erratic. The figure, so silent, blended into the darkness like a twilight shadow. It waited. Ronnie's eyes strained to keep it in focus. The dark shape had definitely grown- and definitely appeared closer.

As Ronnie stared, what he wanted to be Carla's eyes, became glowing orbs. Then came the arm. The arm that he so wanted to be Carla's arm stretched outward towards the old man. Now his whispering plea was, "No, no!" The figure's shape seemed to have changed- it appeared to be by the door yet alongside him at the same time. From an incomprehensible place, the outstretched arm glided nearer. A nest of black, skeletal fingers blossomed from the outstretched sleeve. Ronnie whimpered. It was not Carla's head that began to loom closer in the darkness. It was too huge and too misshapen- and Carla never wore a hood. The thing's moist eyes glistened, its lips moved, and its jaw chewed. The tongue fluttered in its black mouth as its silent head breathed out stale vapours. Ronnie gurgled. A second arm slowly rose and curved a path towards the shaking old man. A second blossom of impossible fingers now reached out. Ronnie raised his arms in protection, his feeble legs kicking outwards as his body sunk downwards into the chair. Then, Ronnie's arms circled and panicked in pathetic defence. From within the small, old man came a distraught and terrified cry. A scream pleaded, "No! No! No!" The darkness swirled and invaded the old man. Ronnie cried out, screaming again and again.

The room light suddenly came on, but Ronnie kept on screaming and fighting off his invisible assailant. "Ronnie. Ronnie! It's me. It's Carla."

As Carla tried to calm him, gradually, Ronnie's disbelieving eyes refocused, and, gradually, his normal senses filtered back into him. Carla waited, then gently placed her hand on his arm. Ronnie's head turned to follow her action and then looked down at the hand that was Carla's and not what he had seen just a moment before. Ronnie's wet eyes looked up at Carla.

"You'll be moving to Boundary Road next Wednesday, Ronnie. You'll be much better off there. You can't stay here living like this. It's not good for you. You'll be cared for at Boundary Road. They'll stop this kind of thing happening to you." Carla didn't smile when she spoke- Ronnie wouldn't like that. He always knew when someone was patronising him.
 
"I'll make you a cup of tea." Carla took off her coat, hung it alongside Ronnie's coat by the front door, and moved towards the kitchen. Ronnie sat limply in his chair, his eyes welling up with tears. Ronnie's worse living nightmare was to have to leave his home and live the rest of his days at Boundary Road with other sad and senile souls. He wanted to stay in the house he had lived in for the past fifty years- his house- with Peter and Viv.

Domestic sounds came from the kitchen. Ronnie's faced lifted, and he called out to the kitchen, "Make us a cuppa, Viv!" Carla did not bother to reply. Ronnie added, "Carla's due about now- she's probably going to tell us we've got to go to Boundary road. Whatever you do- don't agree. Don't even say maybe. Don't even discuss it!" No reply came from the kitchen. The flat was briefly quiet and free from sound. Then Ronnie called again, "Viv! You hear me? Viv?" Carla dropped a cup. There came a crashing of breaking crockery from the kitchen, and Viv struggled to let out a scream. A gurgled, muffled cry was emitted and then silence. Ronnie hoisted himself from his chair. The half-open kitchen door flung wide, smashing against the rubber doorstop to bounce back violently onto the tall, dark shape that was emerging from the kitchen. The figure raised a large sweeping black arm and smashed the door back open to then grasp it by its top edge as it sprung back from the rubber doorstop a second time. In its other hand was Viv's neck. Viv was limp like linen, her lifeless face pale as dough. The thing's face smirked a grin of piranha teeth. Viv's body was casually tossed onto the living room floor in front of Ronnie. The gaping mouth of tiny sharp teeth opened wide. The lips curled and twitched. Ronnie had risen, and now he lunged forward and grabbed the monster, "You bastard, you bastard!" Ronnie and Carla fell to the floor. The tea fell to the floor, and later Ronnie was taken away.

Boundary Road was as clean and as quiet as Ronnie's home had been. Carla visited a couple of times in the first week to check how Ronnie was doing, and, pretty soon after, when she'd finalised her notes, she said her goodbyes for the last time. After that, Ronnie was on his own. At first, they'd put him on drugs to stop the hallucinations and then they slowly withdrew the medication until Ronnie was able to lead a pretty normal life- so it seemed.

It wasn't until his fourth week at Boundary road that Ronnie became properly self-aware of where he was and what his new lifestyle entailed. At this point, Henry had introduced himself. Henry was a youthful, seventy-nine year old widowed Jamaican, and he had been a resident at Boundary Road for five years, and, before that, he had resided at the Victor Slade Residential Home. It was at Victor Slade's that Henry had discovered dementia's door to the other worlds, and there he had practised his art, building his skills and his confidence until he was no longer afraid to see what others could not. When Henry had been transferred to Boundary Road he, and the other residents at Boundary, shared and perfected the knowledge and crafts they had each acquired.

Early one morning in Ronnie's fifth week at Boundary Road, the dark figure that was not Carla, or any living thing, had waited in the empty lounge. It had come to take Ronnie. In an empty corner, it waited for Ronnie. Then it showed itself. Henry was there, and so too was Joyce. They both had seen Ronnie's face and had looked to where Ronnie looked. They both saw what Ronnie saw but, what they saw was no stranger to them, and they were not afraid. The figure drew closer without seeming to move. Henry stepped forward, Joyce followed. No one spoke. The shadowy shape rushed forward but only to dissipate, fading and vanishing as it did so. The three looked at each other. Henry spoke, "The likes of him can't bother you here- we are in control here."

The three moved to a corner of the lounge. There, Henry explained how he and the residents had agreed to look after each other by using their combined abilities. Together the residents shared and expanded their dreams. Together, they were able to overcome the negative sub consciousness, the guilt and the regrets, the skeletons and the gremlins and all that lies hidden in the darkness of souls. Now was their time. Now was their time to travel, to explore, and to say and do the things that had waited within them for a lifetime. The residents residing at Boundary Road all lived elsewhere without ever leaving Boundary Road; places and people came to them, and those places were the places of their dreams, and those people were the faces of their dreams. Joyce spent her days with her young children in the house they never had. Henry told stories to the crowds and preached to the ignorant, converting the world to a new way of life. Prasun was the proud hotelier of a five-star hotel in Uttar Pradesh, George sang at the Royal Albert Hall, and Mary was the film star who never aged. Some residents forever won the arguments they'd always lost or were afraid to start. Some residents sailed yachts, tended beautiful gardens or nurtured precious children, raising them to be respected and loved. The residents at Boundary Road no longer worked or toiled, no longer worried or sat alone with anxious thoughts and the grief for lost days. The residents at Boundary Road dreamed while they waited for more. The residents knew that when the time was right, they would go- they would not need to be collected.

Boundary's residents walked amidst a pale decor of bare walls, faded carpets and unloved plants. They shared the tall uneasy chairs and the uncluttered, uncared for dining table. They looked at old empty faces and a TV that sat alone on a far horizon. They smelled the mixed odours of braised beef, disinfectant, air freshener and ineffective perfumes. They listened to distant crying and the murmuring of dull voices. They ate luncheons and dinners served on white plates, drank tea and other small drinks served from a trolley. They slept in tidy beds, and they were always awoken at the same time. Occasional visitors would come to sit and to talk and to smile and to sometimes join the staff as part of life's routine at Boundary. But all this was an illusion. All this was the world before. Ronnie and the other residents at Boundary Road walked on warm sands amidst evening blossoms, and they sat on verandas drinking from crystal glasses. They looked at their friends, and they laughed with their families, they ate what they pleased, and they slept when they pleased. The residents at Boundary Road waited, and while they waited, they lived, and they loved, and they knew in their heart of hearts that death did not exist. Ronnie's inner subconscious had always known that death did not mean dying, and now Ronnie knew too.


5.	 The God of Odd- part two, February

Our second session at the house had been in late February and I had been worried about the weather. If it had been particularly cold I wouldn’t have been allowed to wander around Wanstead in the cold air.  Similarly, I had to be home before dark. Our first session at the old house had been a long one, but I was home in time to not have my ears bent by my parents. However, I became aware of the risk that, should a session go on late, I would have to pluck up courage and leave during a reading. I’m confessing to being mollycoddled! Richie’s parents were liberal and he didn’t have these problems. I guess that’s why he was the brave one and I was the chicken. The following summer, it was Richie’s bravery that was to lead the two of us to trespass. On that occasion, even Richie was terrified. That last visit really did it.

On this second visit, the old girl once again greeted us at the door. With a look that was a mix of amusement and disgust. She said, 

‘Oh, you’re back! I presume you must have enjoyed our last reading, then!’ 

Seeing my opportunity to ask about times, for once I spoke up before Richie. I’d tried to speak polite and posh and, wanting to fit in with the adult setting, I didn’t want to give away my need to be home before dark, 

‘Yes. We enjoyed it very much- are the stories always the same time? I mean... do they end the same time? 

When she answered, I couldn’t tell whether she was smiling or sneering,
 
‘We never finish later than five o’clock, dear. Is that alright? Do you have to be home early?’

Richie jumped in, ‘Nah, we just wondered, like.’

To ensure we would get a seat at the front we’d show up five minutes early- this had always worked because the adults were rarely on time. Sometimes, we’d sit in the near dark for up to twenty minutes. The mood on these occasions was akin to being at the cinema, watching endless commercials of no interest whilst waiting for the feature film that you’d come for. Eventually, the old lady host would leave her usher’s post by the door to the front room, close the door behind her and then re-enter by the door to the rear room, in front of us. She’d stand with her hands clasped together in front of her and in her fluttery voice she’d make her usual announcement, off to a patter-

‘Welcome everyone to another reading of the tales from The God of Odd- I must warn you, as always, that you listen at your own risk, because it is said that, of those who continually listen to The Tales from The God of Odd, one will befall a heavy misfortune. However, it is also said that another will reap marvellous reward!’  This odd prophecy was one of a number of things that were early hints that the place and its sessions harboured an element of the paranormal. Full confirmation of the paranormal came the day me and Richie entered uninvited. The horror of that day changed our lives. 

The old girl would finish with, ‘Finally, I must ask those of you who have mobile phones to please kindly turn them off, and I ask everybody to always remain quietly seated and to not leave whilst the reading is in progress.’ She’d then stretch out an arm in her beckoning fashion and say, ‘Please, welcome the reader of today’s tales from… The God of Odd.’ After which there would be a timid and pathetically brief applause from the half a dozen or so adults in the audience. The host would very quickly exit through the same door she had entered but return via the door to the front room to sit with the audience behind us. After a further deliberate delay, while we all remained as quiet as fallen leaves, the reader would make his grand entrance. The reader’s entrance and introduction were always theatrical and pertaining to the atmosphere of the occasion and the tales.

The reader was a tall man, with scruffy long white hair and beard. Always dressed in a long dark smoking gown and wearing a colourful pillbox hat, he would silently stride into the room from the same door that the old lady had left by. His eccentric appearance was of a different age- Victorian. He’d carry a wooden box folder under his arm and, after sitting comfortably in the high backed chair, he’d cross one leg over the other, place the box onto his lap and open it so deliberately slowly you’d have thought it may have been booby trapped. Everything about this weird old guy, including his deep rich voice, was dramatic and theatrical. From his box he would take out a batch of papers and place them on top to read. He seemed to have a dark and rugged complexion but, although he sat just six foot away from us, it wasn’t easy to distinguish his features clearly. For some odd reason, he always wore very dark tinted glasses and the glare from the candle, and its reflection in the glass lenses, made it difficult to focus clearly on his face. He rarely spoke except to read, but would occasionally mention The God of Odd. However, he would never announce himself as, or address himself as, The God. Subsequently, the writer of the tales was an enigma and a further source of curiosity to add to our experiences. 

The first tale on that day was called Grimoire- I’d never heard of the word and didn’t know, until this tale, that a grimoire was a book of mystical knowledge.


6.	 Grimoire

The house was very old and unvisited. The tiled roof and high ornate chimney stacks could be seen above the pine tops from the Norwich Road, but over the years, very few had ever truly seen the property. Many years ago, its owner had withdrawn from society, isolating himself from people and interference. Any house, alone amidst such vast grounds surrounded by fenland and dark lonely pines, would be a natural source for rural rumours- especially if the sole occupier was from foreign lands and if that occupier's past was unknown and mystic. Some had calculated the occupier to be at least one hundred and six years old. Rumours and stories abounded.

The hauntings in such properties would usually be of phantoms and apparitions, but the visitations within these grounds were of a far stranger and unique nature. Stories and claims from diverse and creative imaginations were popular amongst the locals, and the tales associated with the old house came from a wide range of the community. The reports were accepted but never believed.

The early sightings, many years ago before the Second World War, were by teenagers who had dared to venture onto the grounds for fun and excitement. They’d spoken of unusual noises and terrifying creatures. Dragons and giants were common amongst the tales. Later, there were reports of a shimmering lake with plunging cascades seen on the sloping grounds edging the forest pines. Some had sworn that on a good day, the waterfalls could be heard from the Norwich Road. Several passers-by had once spoken of a Roman town, and others had enquired about the medieval battle portrayal they had seen. The most frequent sighting was of nothing at all: the forest and distant grounds had vanished, replaced by an extension of the sky.

Few facts were known about the occupier of the house other than he was very old, claimed to be of Armenian stock, and had inherited his wealth from his family's European travelling fairground and circus. His property and possessions had all been purchased with cash. He had never been known to have visitors and had made no attempt to communicate with the locals. Regardless of his ample financial circumstances, the old man appeared to lead a very frugal life- having no phone, car, or electricity supply. How he spent his time was mysterious to contemplate- as was everything else about him and his house. His groceries and bills were paid for by special arrangement. Once per month, the old man’s delivery requirements would be left in a locker by a padlocked farm gate at the end of a long driveway. Here he would place a list of the following month’s requirements for a grocery store to collect and, later, make a delivery. The occupier’s odd characteristics, background and unusual living arrangements may have been the origin of all the mystery over the many years. The man himself had not been seen for the past twelve years.

The grocery locker also served as a mailbox, but one that was rarely ever needed- until recently, when the postman had delivered a single letter addressed only to 'The occupier'. Shortly after, when the next grocery delivery was being dropped, there, in the locker, was a letter. There, with the letter, was some small change and an accompanying note requesting that the letter be posted with a first-class stamp. The letter was addressed to Sadia Mustafa, Post Restante, at the main Post Office in Norwich. It was no coincidence that there was a visiting circus in Norwich.

Early on the morning of July the nineteenth, the last day before the circus was due to leave for Chelmsford, Mr Sadia and the circus strong man, Mr Guven, left Norwich to call at the old house to pay a business visit on the old man…

Mr Sadia's old, dark left-hand drive Mercedes swung clumsily off of the Norwich Road and onto the stony driveway that led to the old house. As the vehicle turned, the intense morning sun striking the car’s polished bodywork briefly fired off a few rounds of brilliant sunlight. The car lurched to a halt by the large wrought iron gates. The driver's door fell open and a big bear of a man, wearing a dark suit, got out. Mr Guven walked over to the gates. With both hands, the big man leaned into the first gate and pushed it back. He did the same to the second gate, and then he walked back to the Mercedes. Placing one hand on the car roof and one on the open door, he carefully lowered his large bulk back into the driver's seat, then pulled the door shut and drove through the gateway and on towards the old house. After the first bend in the long meandering driveway, the car could no longer be seen from the Norwich Road. After the second bend, it could no longer be heard.

Up in the old house, the old man, dressed only in a bed gown, was sitting cross-legged, with his hands turned palms up and resting on his knees. He was waiting, and he was dreaming. He was seeing things that weren't there and erasing things that were. He was contemplating and conjuring, moulding and manipulating his mysterious world, the world in which his two visitors had now become part. The old man sat motionlessly. His eyes, neither open nor closed, were as still as moons, and in his head were the two men in their big car on the stony driveway.

The Mercedes stopped when it reached the padlocked gate. Here, on the other side of the gate, the road was noticeably narrower. The large man climbed once more from the car. He walked up to the gate and tugged at the padlock. He growled and then walked back to the car to tell Mr Sadia the barrier was locked. Mr Sadia cursed, threw open his door, grabbed his attaché case, swung his legs from the car, stood, and slammed the door hard. Sadia, also wearing a black suit, stood by his car, short of words, and of stature, and most of all, short of the knowledge he had come for.

The two men- Mr Sadia in front and Mr Guven behind and now carrying the attaché case- walked around the gate and continued along the drive towards the still unseen house. Both men were thinking of The Book, the prosperity it could bring and the prospect of owning it. The Book- the old man's book- was an ancient grimoire, and it was through its pages that the old man had learned his skills. The Book was very old, very precious, and, during modern times, had been very lost. This grimoire, in the right hands, could bring success and fortune. It could make the poor wealthy, the ugly beautiful, the slow-minded wise and the average exceptional. The Book's value could not be assessed in monetary terms, only in the terms valued by the very wise and learned. Unfortunately, Mr Sadia’s only values were of self-preservation, and he had those to the point of greed. Sadia knew much about the grimoire, but he knew nothing of the strange reputation of the grounds on which he now embarked.

Mr Guven imagined a new lifestyle, still as Mr Sadia's minder and valet but with the rewards of greater money. The strongman's wants were basic and obvious: enough money to suffice his simple desires and win the attention of young women was all that he would desire. He would not be disappointed that he would not be involved with the knowledge, power and magic of The Book-he thought all magic was cleverness and trickery.

Mr Sadia thought otherwise. He knew that the grimoire's knowledge could give him the power of immortals and that once versed in its arts, no obstacle could be indestructible. Mr Sadia's wants were what they had always been-he desired for more.

The two men walked, the big man behind the small man, along the narrow drive, both as silent as the forest. The pathway through the forest of pines gave some shelter from the sun's overbearing display, but nonetheless, both men, in dark suits, would soon pay its burning toll.

The sky was cloudless, the midday sun hot. It was the kind of summer day that stopped birds from singing and people from thinking. It was a close, muggy day, a hot, slow day in which nothing may get done and in which time may simply pass unnoticed like the ticking of a clock.

The strongman walked, glancing into the forest and looking into its long straight passages formed by the neatly planted rows of cultivated pines. As he walked, each aisle was visible for only a brief instant-each aisle being replaced by the next row and the next. This was a small, relatively new forest, but soon, quite unexpectedly, the forest changed. The trees were no longer young and organised in their neat rows. The geometry that had formed the fairyland forest aisles was gone, replaced by a forest wilderness; a mix of tall, old pines and tall, ancient deciduous giants of oak and hornbeam. Each glimpse into the deep dark forest interior showed a mysterious, alluring world- a world that reminded Mr Guven of his childhood days when he and his friend, Ali, would venture without their fathers' permission into the Bolshoi forest to hunt boar. Mr Guven's thoughts drifted further into the woods, his mind wandering over soft beds of dried golden leaves and needles and ducking low overhanging boughs. He could smell the forest air and feel the brush of the undergrowth. He imagined stepping over fallen timbers, and all the while, he would be studying and listening.

This new forest was a darker domain. Fern and brush covered most of the floor. There was an emptiness between the brush and the high foliage, a large space that contained nothing but a darkness interspersed with glimpses of indistinguishable, hidden places. This older, larger forest narrowed the pathway further, and it had dwarfed the two men on it, making them feeble and insignificant without them realising. This place was, for Mr Guven, reminiscent of the Bolshoi Forest, the forest world that could entice and lure the young and the curious, and a world that could lose an unsuspecting visitor forever-as it had his friend Ali.

A short way ahead of the two visitors, the grey stony driveway faded into one of soft, damp soil the colour of dried rust. Fern and brush had spilt onto the edges of the road, and further ahead, nature had grown tall, invading and conquering the pathway, and it had halted the two men. Sadia took a handkerchief from his trouser pocket and wiped his brow. Guven, two paces behind him, stood waiting, the sweat seeping onto his forehead. The walk and the heat had tired both men, and now the small man took off his jacket and threw it over his shoulder. The large man did not follow suit; he had to tolerate the discomfort of his coat because of a small firearm he carried in his inside pocket. All the big man could do was to take out his kerchief and wipe his brow, looking to the sky to curse the unseen sun. They walked on. It was unusually hot.

The two men stopped once again when they reached the tall ferns. A tangle of grass and wildflowers spread across what had once been the road. They stood twisting their bodies in all directions to survey their environment. Then they turned to look to each other for confirmation that something was peculiarly abnormal about their surroundings.
Sadia shook his head in disbelief and sighed. He cursed aloud for the second time, and he wondered what sort of old fool he had come to meet and how such an old fool could live in such a place, wasting and abusing the power of The Book. It was too futile and too hot to ponder on such thoughts for long, and, in any case, it would not be long before they would meet with him, face to face. The men walked on, both with the same unnatural feeling about this place and about their business being there. Their sense of unease increased when an odd animal cry called from somewhere up ahead. The men looked along the path. In front of them, in the direction of the strange sound, and they waited whilst they again rested their tired bodies and heat wearied minds. The wildly overgrown road ahead cut a straight line through the woodland for fifty metres or so, and then it appeared to turn sharply to the right. Above the tops of the distant trees was a small empty stretch of blue sky. Below was a wall of forest greenery.

There followed a short discussion about the searing heat, the oddity of the place and about the man they had come to do business with and then finally, with an open palm, the small man nonchalantly gestured the way forward for the big man to now lead the way. With equal indifference, the big man obeyed his companion and moved to step past him. As their attention once more turned to the narrow pathway ahead of them, they were immediately taken aback by the sudden appearance of a very large dark shape that had loomed silently above the treetops way up ahead of them. Whatever it had been, it had very briefly shut out the light. The gliding shape had come and gone in an instant, but in that brief instant, it had frozen the men, and they remained silent, looking intently at the small patch of sky and the pathway below it. A frantic whispered conversation pursued. Then, very carefully, the big man continued to move around the little man to lead the way onto the house. Guven led on, thrashing at the undergrowth, trampling it underfoot as much as he could as the two progressed onwards.

Once into the undergrowth, they recognised that the forest had, without them noticing, changed dramatically. The European trees were gone, replaced by ferns, palms and a dense tangle of creepers and strange plants. The air hissed from the sound of unseen insects. Dragonflies darted in all directions, ricocheting off invisible barriers. The heat had become humid, the air stifling from the scent of exotic blossoms, and the atmosphere was now overbearing. Everywhere seemed greener and a most unnatural environment for Norfolk, especially the vines and the ferns hanging from the trees.

The two visitors trod onwards, studying their surrounds. They could not help but notice the impressive collection of unusual plants. Mr Guven pointed to a group of brilliant orange shrubs with large glistening leaves hanging in loose bunches like limp hands. Nearby, tall, slender stems rose out of the bushes, their top-heavy summits fanning out with clumps of palm-like fronds, their long stems bent like lucky fishing rods.

Mr Sadia, impressed by such a rare luxurious display, smiled, thinking that he now understood the old man. He believed the old man, like many elderly, had taken to gardening and sought reward and satisfaction from one of man's oldest bonds with nature. It was evident to Mr Sadia the knowledge of The Book had been used to fashion such a spectacular botanical fantasy. The old man had achieved a dream- thought Mr Sadia- and soon it would be his turn to achieve dreams.

When they reached and turned the bend in the path, still the house was not in sight. Here, the only remaining access route was a narrow channel that penetrated the vegetation to form a tunnel that appeared to lead deeper into the tropical fantasy. The passageway was not unlike the trails created by the regular routes of small forest creatures-but it was giant by comparison. Again, the men paused to wipe their brows and to survey the surrounds.

The men were stood in a tangled mix of waist-high long grass and ferns and surrounded by similar but taller foliage. The forest sounds now included bird noises and the occasional distant whooping boom-like sound that could have been either bird or mammal. Mr Guven looked to his boss and spoke, saying that he thought they must now be very close, and he asked if they should continue or rest a little while longer, but Mr Sadia did not pay attention. He was being pestered by an exceptionally large dragonfly, the size of a pigeon, and was unable to answer. The abnormally giant insect suddenly left Mr Sadia to fly at the big man, causing him to flap and wave his arms in panic. The huge wings spinning and purring loudly around his head sent him backwards in a childish frenzied retreat, stumbling, falling and disappearing, along with the attaché case, into the undergrowth. Then, as sudden as it had come, the insect shot upwards and disappeared. Mr Sadia laughed aloud, swearing and teasing his companion. With the commotion over, Mr Sadia stepped forward and retrieved his attaché case to place it at his feet. He next folded his jacket and placed it neatly on the case. Afterwards, he reached over towards the fallen man and, still laughing aloud, he held out a helping hand. Mr Guven took hold, clambered clumsily from the foliage and stood up. He felt for the firearm-it was safe. Sadia, still grinning and teasing, began pulling loose fronds from Guven's soiled jacket. Guven stood expressionless, surprised that his boss should humbly assist in such a fashion. Valeting over, Sadia picked up his coat and case and beckoned the way forward with an outstretched arm. The two men pushed on towards the end of the green tunnel. Within just a few minutes, the tunnel and the forest had come to an end. Finally, stood in a welcome clearing, they saw the house.

Seen from a distance, the old house was in a poor state of disrepair but impressive in spite of this. It had retained its historical character and atmosphere of dark mystery. Rising high from a steeply pitched roof of terracotta tiles were several tall, ornate brick chimney stacks. Both the brickwork and tiling were dilapidated and badly weather-worn. A few tufts of tired greenery grew from the bases of the chimney stacks and from the many areas of broken guttering around the overhanging eaves. Large sections of the roof were mottled with sprinklings of dried moss, and the grey brick walls below were coloured by orange and green lichen. The ground floor windows and building details were mostly obscured by tall, dense shrubbery. In the upper half, there were many small leaded windows, all blackened by the darkness inside. There were no doors anywhere to be seen.

Mr Sadia put down his attaché case, donned his jacket, picked up the case and stood, to scrutinise the building for a place of entry. He could see no door. He stepped forward and made his way to the house, Mr Guven now following behind.

Inside the house, the old man was still seated cross-legged with his hands on his knees, palms up. He was prepared and ready to surprise and bewilder his guests still further.

Now nearing the house, the two guests had been stopped by a patch of waterlogged soil, a deliberate shallow causeway to divert excess rainwater away from the house. They were bent over, peering at two large and very peculiar footprints in the red mud. The prints had not been made by human feet but by three long forward-pointing toes and one equally long backwards-facing toe. Each toe print appeared to show a claw-like talon. The men discussed what they studied and then concluded it was not real but a prank. They straightened up, looked back to the house and stepped across the muddy puddle.

Closer to the house, they could see an entrance porch, but it was so dilapidated and overgrown by all manners of shrubbery it had to be assumed to be totally disused. They made their way around the property to search for an alternative entrance. At the rear of the house, they were stopped again, this time by something far more spectacular than the footprints of an impossible creature. This time they knew that what they saw was not real, but this time they could not accept what they looked upon.

The rear of the property was as overgrown and as exotic as the jungle forest they had already witnessed. Although the land immediately by the house had been cleared for access, the surrounding land was an abundance of tropical plants, Liana and tall palms. Through a significant gap in the foliage, the men stared at what they knew was impossible- a distant hazy turquoise volcanic summit.

After their initial exclamations, neither man spoke for several seconds. Mr Guven suddenly swung his back to the vision, stared up at the brilliant blue sky above the old house, and twice uttered in a quiet voice that it could not be. Finally, he turned back to the sight of the distant volcano.
Mr Sadia stood perfectly still, staring at the fantastic sight. In his strong accent, calmly he spoke, 'This is ridiculous, it's impossible- it's wonderful!' He turned, smiling to his big companion and added, 'This is the power we have come for!'


The old man in the house, now hardly breathing, had sunken further into the depths of his imaginary world.

The single sizeable solid door to the property was partly opened, but when Mr Guven had pushed at it, he found it was jammed on the parquet flooring, which had become swollen and raised by rainwater that had leaked from the porch roof above. The big man leaned with his broad shoulder and pushed hard. The rotten wood at the bottom of the door crumpled and broke away, causing the door to lurch forward a few inches. Mr Guven pulled back away from the door, then lunged forward with greater force. The door thrust forward another few inches but still not enough for either man to pass through. Mr Guven leaned hard and used his outspread arms to push from the door frame. He jerked his body back and forth in piston fashion, juddering the door until it burst open to jam in its halfway position. The big man carefully squeezed through into the entrance lobby, turned to his friend and then back to the darkness of the house interior. The close, damp air smelled warm and musty. Mr Sadia stepped inside, cautiously peering from behind the big man.

'Welcome, my friends, welcome!' The voice, seeming as old and as mystical as the house, came from the murky interior. A tall, surprisingly upright figure dressed in splendid traditional Eastern attire stepped from the shadows. He wore a heavy long-sleeved woollen chokha coat tied with an ornate belt from which hung a large, exceptionally curved dagger. He had a magnificent moustache, waxed and curved upwards at the tips, and on his head, he wore a pillbox hat made of colourful woven wools. The old man spoke again,

My apologies for the door, gentlemen! Its life, like my own, has seen better days, has it not?'

The old man stood very dignified with his right hand holding onto his belt, alongside the dagger, and his left hand, holding a rosary of ebony beads that hung from his baggy salwar trousers. He raised his left arm, and with a careful smile spreading across his face, pointed to the darkness that was a room to his left. ‘Come in. This way, please, gentlemen.' Sadia was the first to move, but he looked to his minder to follow closely behind. As they moved into the adjoining room, the old man spoke again, 'I must again apologise for the facilities-these days are very taxing for me, and I care little for housework. I hope to be soon rid of this environment, should our business be completed-as I'm sure it will be!'

The room was long, with three high but narrow, leaded glass windows. The light from outside was weak. When their eyes had accustomed to the lack of adequate lighting, the interior could be seen. It was humble and Spartan but within keeping of the traditional style of the house. The walls were hung with patterned, sombre maroon wallpaper, and the floors were bare timbers with several very colourful but aged Armenian carpets. The ceiling joists and woodwork were dark oak, there was little in the way of furniture and around the stone window frames hung heavy curtain drapes. At each end of the room, there was a closed door. The old man pointed to a large jug of water and two silver goblets on a nearby dresser. He told them, 'Please, take some water if you wish- I'm sorry I have nothing more in the way of refreshment to offer you.' Sadia waved his hand and told him, 'No problem. We don't need.'

The old man smiled, nodded, and quickly beckoned them to follow him to the door further to his left. The two visitors followed him through the door into a large hall with a broad, splendid, stone stairway.

'I keep it downstairs, in the cellar.' He stopped by a small dark wood door under the stairs and, reaching inside his chokha, brought out a ring of large keys from his inner pocket. The two men waited in silence, watching whilst their host sorted the keys and placed one into the door. The old man twisted and dug the selected key around in the lock until it eventually clicked open, after which he looked to his guests and gave them his same careful broad smile. Mr Sadia and his minder approached. As the cellar door opened inwards, the old man indicated that they should enter first.

The men stepped very cautiously inside and descended. Glimmers of multi yellow flickering light came from the many candles hung around the cellar walls below them. The burning wax odour wafting from so many candles immediately hit the men. A ghostly cloud of whispery smoke hung at the ceiling.

The two trod slowly on the rickety wooden stairs to make their way down into the unusually large cellar. At the bottom, they waited for the old man. He was locking the cellar door. Mr Sadia called up to him, 'But that is not necessary!' The old man placed the keys back inside his garment. He looked down at the two men and told them there was no problem and that the treasure must be kept safe at all times, but he then took the keys back from out of his pocket, removed the key and replaced it in the lock to reassure his guests. He descended the stairs to join the two men.

In addition to the candle lighting, two small barred windows looked out at the ground level above. In the middle of the empty room was a large, bare wooden table with two fat candles in brass holders placed near each end. Behind the table, in a corner at the back of the room, was a massive door, bolted top and bottom. In the opposite corner, under one of the windows, was a large square safe box that stood on top of a small broken cupboard. Alongside the safe was another fat candle in a brass holder. The dark silhouette shadow of the safe flickered on the wall behind it.

The old man moved round to the other side of the table and stood in preacher fashion with his long arms stretching down and each hand on the table edge. His tall stature and his robust features were highlighted in the candlelight. He began speaking with a soft, humble tone. The low, warm lighting, lack of exterior views and sparse emptiness gave the man and the room an atmosphere of holy reassurance. Raising his arms up, with his palms facing the two men on the other side of the table, he began, 'My friends! My friends! Welcome once again! In the box-', he pointed to the safe ‘is what you have come for.' Sadia impatiently replied, 'Let us see it.' His voice could not disguise his excitement- or fear. The old man continued, 'Yes! Yes! You will!' The keeper of the grimoire began to talk with a boyish enthusiasm comparable to that of his guest, 'You shall see The Book. You shall see it. You shall see it, and you shall experience it-as you have already done, gentlemen.' His tone quietened, the enthusiasm replaced by a careful assertion. 'You could not have failed to notice my prehistoric garden and our mountain, gentlemen- Ararat! Yes, Ararat- in my very own grounds-made, just perhaps, a little more colourful than reality! Such is the power that can be found in the pages of our ancient grimoire.'

Mr Sadia, also needing to speak with assertion, interrupted, 'Yes, we saw the volcano, but we want to see The Book- I must examine it.' The atmosphere had grown a little tense from the expectations of all. There was a deliberate brief pause before the reply, 'You have the money? All of it?' 'Yes, we have the money- all of it.' Sadia placed the attaché case onto his side of the table, between the two candles. The old man spoke, 'This book is worth more-it is priceless. It is-' 'We have agreed the price!' Sadia's nerves could not be restrained; he was like a child teased with a present. His host responded, 'The price is as we agreed. You need not fear.' A cry such as from an animal of nightmares screamed from behind the locked door, close to the old man. The sound was bigger than the room. 'What is in there?' Sadia cried out. 'Another miracle, my friend! It is the Vishap. The Vishap of Ararat- as real as any of us in this room. Come and see!' He turned to the door, but Sadia shouted, 'No! It is not necessary! The Book is what I want to see. That is why we are here!' He calmed a little and added in a quieter voice, 'Please show us The Book.' The old man, also in a calmer tone, responded, 'Of course- as you say, but first, please, I would like to see that you have the money.'

Mr Sadia twisted the case into position and clicked it open. Mr Guven stepped a little closer, peering over his boss's shoulder. Sadia turned the case around for his host to properly see it. Wads of money, ringed with rubber bands, filled the case with no space for more. The old man slowly reached to the case. He lifted several bundles of notes, one after the other, and gave each a casual inspection. Whilst he flicked through the edges of each bundle, Mr Sadia asked again to see the grimoire.

The old man looked up, first at Mr Sadia and then at Mr Guven, then to the safe. He turned back to the men, snapped shut the case of money, pushed it away to the side of the table and then shuffled his way towards the safe, once more taking out his keys to sort through them. The two guests looked to each other and then to the safe.

The safe door opened. The old man's hands reached in and took hold of a very large block wrapped in brown sacking and tied with thick string. As the parcel was carefully lifted from its place of safekeeping, the imprisoned creature behind the door cried out again. There then came a crashing sound as the beast bombarded the door that held it captive. The old man slammed the safe shut, placed the book under his arm and turned to face the door, calling out a singular 'No!' as he did so. When the creature’s noise ceased, the old man turned to his guests and then to the table in front of him.

The large brown parcel was placed on the table and slowly unwrapped. 'The animal behind me is the creature that is said to have lived on the mountain before the birth of mankind. It is also said that it later became the guardian of The Book. Nonsense, you may think, but I have amused myself with its creation, along with that of the mountain and the decorative grounds-all creations for your visit only, of course!' He pulled the untied string from under the cloth, casting it to one side on the table top. Next, he peeled back the sacking, pulled it from under the grimoire and placed it on top of the discarded string. He then slowly revolved the grimoire on the table until it faced Mr Sadia. Business was about to commence, and both parties had planned for the worse.

The grimoire was fabulous. It lay in the centre of the table in front of Mr Sadia, its very presence emanating, calling out, enticing, and luring the desires of all that looked upon it. Its deep, brown leather cover was worn and faded from the centuries of excited hands that had held it, grasping, turning and cradling it with passion and with lust. The whole of the gimoire's grand leather-bound cover was embossed with a wonderful variety of images and symbols. In its centre was a large wheel of curved spokes, each spoke a dagger. Surrounding the wheel was a random array of eagles’ wings, dancing figures and swastikas. The corners of the grimoire were bound with decorative bronze clasps, and the edges were stitched with gold braid. A buckled, thick leather strap fastened the cover.

Mr Sadia and Mr Guven silently gazed, admiring The Book, frozen by its aura. The old man broke the silence, 'You may inspect it as you wish-whilst I, of course, inspect the money.'

Sadia's hands reached out to The Book. He undid the buckle, took hold of the top cover and opened it up, folding it back and down onto the table. The inside pages were the colour of old bones and with the texture of dead skin. The inside of the cover was highly decorated with colourful interwoven patterns and on the first page of all pages was a drawing of a dragon, wings spread from the top right corner to bottom left. The page was bordered with words, symbols and letters of an ancient script. Sadia's fingers lifted and turned the first page. The following two pages, similar in design and style to the first, were lists of symbols and ancient words. There were pentagons, drawings of animals and plants and there were more swastikas. Sadia turned again-coloured vessels, plants, limbs and dissections. He turned again- stars, jewels, letters and symbols. And again- calendars, charts and lists. Sadia turned hurriedly and enthusiastically through the pages, each time seeing crafted drawings, intricate diagrams and the letters and words of a long-dead past.

The old man watched and asked his excited visitor, 'Do you read the ancient scripts?' Sadia appeared to ignore the question and continued turning, page after page. The old man added, 'Do you know of the time and the study needed to bring the processes and power to life, my friend?' His questioning grew, 'Can you begin to understand what is on offer, what is at stake? Can you truly be worthy of this treasure? With this book anything is possible. Once versed with its knowledge and methods miracles can be performed. With this book, a man could rule the world. With this book, a woman could rule the world- a child! Death itself can be cheated-The Book shows death to be merely an inconvenience; immortality is not just a dream. The Book may ensure perfection for the future, be it in this world or another!' Mr Guven was enjoying the old man's words, but his boss paid little attention, for he busied himself with the words of the grimoire, whispering, 'Yes!' at every fresh page.

The old man stared at Sadia with an indignant scornful face, then he turned back to the case and the money. Sadia continued his bewildered browsing, all the while falling further into the reality of the grimoire's potent wisdom. But then came the words- ' The money is not all here!'

Sadia closed the grimoire, 'It is only a little short. The rest I shall bring-very soon.'

The old man's expression was rigid. His jaw tightened, his brow furrowed, his eyes ignited. The candlelight deepened the sculptured recesses of his aged face, and it made his skin the colour of worn wood. 'You have failed my friend! Failed! The Book cannot be placed into the hands of those who do not know the value of truth!' He glanced quickly to the big man adding, 'or to those who need to carry implements of death to protect themselves from their own lies and deceit!' There was a silence. Candles flickered. No one moved. 'The Book must go back.' the old man took hold of the grimoire, dragging it away to his side of the table, but Sadia lunged forward to snatch it back. The old man, too ready and too quick, grabbed the book, clutching it to his chest. Mr Guven took his implement of death from inside his jacket and pointed it.

The old man's expression changed effortlessly to its original one of courteous hospitality. 'My friends, my friends, you cannot be so foolish as to think you may have planned my murder, surely? If tomorrow I do not leave my usual grocery order in its regular place, there would soon be investigators on my property. That same person who collects my orders and delivers my grocery could not fail to recall a foreign name and the uncustomary address in Norwich to which he had posted my correspondence.' The old man grinned valiantly and moved to the safe. He placed the book beside the safe. Turning to open the safe door, he ended his words of warning with, 'However, the time for The Book to change hands has arrived, and so you may return to me with the money as agreed, and the treasure will be yours.'

Mr Guven, still pointing the gun, looked to Mr Sadia for a signal. As the old man opened the safe door, he said, 'On the other hand-who knows of your visit to me? You yourselves have assured its secrecy.' He took from the safe a revolver. He turned and pointed it at Sadia.

A single, fearful shot fired. The sound, and the smell of gun smoke, filled the room. The old man fell backwards onto the wall, sliding down it and onto the floor by the beast’s door. The captive creature howled and screamed, smashing the door from the inside. Roaring orange flames fired out from under the door. Black smoke rose in billowing clouds to the ceiling, swirling around the top of the door.

The two thieves, the smaller one clasping the grimoire, hurried up the stairs, but, at the top, the key would not turn to unlock the door. Thick smoke drifted towards the tiny windows and up towards the men at the top of the steps.

The old man struggled to his knees, clasping his wounded chest. He raised himself up further. He stood and opened the top bolt to the door but then before the other men had noticed he was not yet dead, he fell back to the floor. The beast’s bellowing exploded to reverberate around the cellar.

Guven ran back down the stairs to the safe- just as another shot fired out. The old man had retrieved his weapon, but after just one inaccurately wasted round, he dropped the gun and fell back to the floor. Guven took out his weapon and put two more rounds into the old man. The old man's gun was kicked across the floor. The safe was lifted from the cupboard and carried to the bottom of the stairs.

The raging creature thrashed and hammered at its door. Flames licked around the bottom of the door and up the sides of the door frame. Wood smouldered as more smoke filled the room. Guven, cuddling the safe, stepped up the stairs one step at a time. At the top, he positioned himself and swung a practice swing at the door. There was little space to swing his body, but the safe was heavy, and Guven was, after all, the circus strongman. The second swing looked a little more promising. The third swing was for real, and the door was smashed at the lock. The safe fell from Guven's hands to the wooden platform floor, splitting the timbers apart. Smoke clouds had now drifted to the top of the stairs, making the men cough violently.

The half bolted door keeping the dragon at bay began to shatter at the bottom. The creature's scaly snout with long flaring nostrils protruded through the broken panels.

Guven thrashed and punched the broken wood around the door lock until he was able to pull the wood and the lock away. Smoke and the roars from the creature were now filling both men. The creature's head and one front limb broke through the bottom of the door. The clawed foot of the second limb gripped the outside of the door, tugging and jerking at the damaged wood. More timber broke away. The bottom of the door opened up, and more of the creature forced its way through the ever-widening gap.

The men ran through the house. Sadia sped through the half-open exit door, but Guven needed to squeeze and force his way through just as he had needed to enter. By the time both men had left the house and were crossing the muddy puddle where they had seen the ominous footprints, The Visahap was breaking free from the flaming bolted door. The door smashed from its hinges and fell to the floor, its flaming timbers licking around the legs of the table on which the attaché case and money still lay.

The men moved along the tangled pathway and through the forest as fast as they were able, Sadia still in the lead but Guven close behind and impatiently urging his boss to hurry faster. The distant cry of the Vishap was echoing in the men's minds, but neither was sure whether the sound came from their memories or from the creature. They ran on, hearts racing and minds fleeting back and forth from visions of the Mercedes to visions of a fire breathing monster.

Again, a cry from the creature, but now it could not be taken for a memory. Each looked over their shoulder as they ran, but the creature was not yet in sight. As the screaming from behind was grew louder, Guven was no longer concerned for the grimoire, his boss or his duty. He leapt onto and over the smaller man, knocking him to the ground. Sadia, hugging his treasured book, clambered back to his feet and saw, in the distance, the dark flying bulk of the creature in frenzied pursuit.

The men reached the pathway, but they moved to within the forest confines to evade the vulnerability they would otherwise face on the open pathway. They dragged themselves through a terrain of ferns and brambles whilst constantly looking to the side to follow the road leading to the barrier and the Mercedes. The Vishap, too large to pass easily between the rows of pine trees, was on the open pathway, running but with insufficient space to flap its huge wings and lift itself from the ground.

The fugitives, bodies and limbs spinning, slipping and stumbling as they raced through and over forest obstacles, were like runaway driver-less machines. The creature, eyes, nose and ears tuned in, sensing every move in the forest, was homed into the smell and the fear of its prey, its mind crying out for revenge, its soul aching for the grimoire it had guarded since long before The Dark Ages.

When the men saw the barrier and the waiting car, they pushed through the undergrowth and back onto the road, but the creature was almost upon them. The men jumped back into the safety of the pines. The pursuing beast lunged into the forest behind them, forcing its way between the aisles of trees. A jet of flame rocketed from the creature's gaping mouth, bursting into the undergrowth and setting fire to the dry pine needles and old dead ferns. The men, narrowly escaping the flames, ran between the pines and then onto the open road. Now the barrier and the car were so close- so very close.

The creature, screaming and roaring but unable to pass through the narrow gaps between the young trees, twisted and cavorted itself in its struggle to retreat and turn back to the road. In its insane rage, it uprooted young pines to thrust itself free. Up ahead on the path, the two men, both near exhaustion, looked behind to see the creature back on the pathway and picking up speed.

Guven, still ahead of his boss, cried out to him, ordering him to drop the book, but Sadia and the grimoire were bonded by lust and desire, Sadia’s fear of death overridden by fear of losing his dreams.

They passed the barrier. Guven, first to the car, took the driver’s seat and started the engine. Sadia threw open the passenger's door as the engine roared up. The Vishap, smashing into the vehicle, slid it several feet along the stony driveway. Guven put the car into reverse, and car and dragon screamed together along the dirt road through the pine forest. The Vishap, trying unsuccessfully to cling to the front of the vehicle, now chased the car, lolloping in a clumsy gallop with wings spread back- no space to open them up. Guven, looking over his shoulder to drive in reverse, swerved the car backwards around the first bend. As the vehicle accelerated towards the second bend, the creature’s front legs dropped onto the car’s bonnet. A furnace of fire blasted the windscreen, but the Vishap lost its hold as the car veered around the second bend. Now, the third bend was approaching. Sadia shouted for his partner to give him the gun, but Guven was too occupied with steering the car in reverse. Sadia reached across and struggled to retrieve the pistol from Guven’s inside pocket. The vehicle swung wide around the next bend, and Guven, with Sadia now thrown onto his lap, steered with one hand and pushed and punched at his partner with the other.

Sadia cursed and punched back. Screaming men, screaming car and screaming dragon, hurtled along the road, followed by a cloud of shingle and dust. But Sadia now held the weapon and was winding his window down. The car swerved backwards around the third bend. Sadia leaned through the open car window to aim, but the Vishap appeared to be tiring- it was slowing down. The pursuit continued past the fourth bend, and the fifth and then the wrought iron gates were insight. As the car shot through the open gates, the Vishap, with its second wind, was now gaining on the vehicle.

With more space on the new stretch of the road, Guven swung the Mercedes in an arc in an attempt to turn the vehicle around for forward driving. The Vishap almost on top of the car, its wings still not able to open, slid through the gates to hurtle into the escaping car. Fortunately, the collision spun the car further around- to face the high road, now in sight, but the creature was now alongside Guven.

The sound of the gun firing inside of the car hurt both men's ears. The driver’s window shattered. A second and a third deafening shot followed. The creature screamed, throwing back its head in pain. The Mercedes' tyres spun. Shingle and dust shot back from under the rear wheels. Sadia wound up his window as the car shot onto the empty Norwich Road. The tyres squealed as the vehicle made its final and successful getaway. The car raced off, and the men's hearts raced with it.

Not until the driver's heart pace had slowed did the car's pace slow, and soon after, the car pulled into a shady lay-by, just a mile and a half along the Norwich Road. The big man was cursing aloud, as he had been throughout the whole of the episode. Mr Sadia sat in silence, clinging to the grimoire like a mother to her infant. In the distance, they saw the black smoke from the burning house rising and drifting across the blue sky.

Sadia's worried expression of anxiety and fear faded. He looked to his companion. The big man leaned across, picked up the pistol at Sadia's feet and dropped it back into his inside pocket. Both men looked at each other, then Sadia smiled. Then Sadia laughed aloud. The big man smiled, and then he too laughed aloud-the madness of laughter flowing from the men, releasing their mix of anguish and excitement, erupted inside the Mercedes. All their dreams rescued, their hopes for the future once more alive. Guven apologised for failing to take back the case of money but his boss, holding up the grimoire, laughed at him saying, 'Money? Money! This will make us kings!'

With the grimoire resting on his lap, Sadia looked down at the huge, beautifully bound book that was now safely in his hands. He ran his fingertips along its edges and across its cover, feeling its texture and the relief of its intricately embossed leather. He then drew his hands away to properly admire his new acquisition. Both men silently looked upon The Book, and then, very carefully, Mr Sadia opened it. They stared in wonder at two blank, bone-white pages. Sadia turned the page- two more white blank pages. Again, more empty pages. Sadia turned page after page, a groaning, gurgling sound coming from his throat. He turned the from cover to cover. The book was empty. Sadia's face, unable to express his thoughts, was as blank as the book. Then he screamed.

Back in the old house, sitting cross-legged, with his hands turned palms up and resting on his knees, the old man dreamed. He had created things that weren't there, and he had erased things that were. He had contemplated and conjured; he had moulded and manipulated his mysterious world, the world in which his two visitors had become part of. The old man sat motionlessly, his eyes neither open nor closed were as still as moons, and in his head were the two men in their big car, sat looking at an empty book. In his cellar, on a bare table between two large candle holders, sat an attaché case full of money, but it was of no significance.

Author’s note: This tale is also published in the series ‘Breakdown'


7.	 Snowflakes

The vast richness of an empty blue sky had become the soft, grey-white of pending snow. Another heavenly bulk was about to be released, but this time, however, something else was also about to happen, something momentous- something absolute.

Snow: always beautiful, always special, fell silently to its destination. The first few billion delicate snowflakes had begun their two thousand foot descent to the empty, barren rolling lands of white hills below, and during this new night of a billion new snowflakes, something rare and miraculous awaited. Tonight, many centuries since it had last occurred, a universal consciousness would arise, and the singular thought would again beg to be heard. It is not the first time the land had whispered its question, but, as always, it may be the last time.

When the question had last arisen, life had not yet blossomed into its full richness, its diversity of empires and its search for greater science. Today, the wishes and the failures of the past would scream far louder, but the question would be the same. During this special early winter’s evening, all the spirits of the past, the present and the predicted future would speak their thoughts and one special, tiny falling snowflake would then give its answer just as it settles so very gently on the waiting land. 
 
Two thousand feet…
The snowflake awoke to know of its destiny. The snowflake weighed only ten hundredths of a gram, but the weight of its burden outweighed the whole universe, for the very existence of the universe was now, once again, dependent on an answer.
 
Fifteen hundred feet…
The first thoughts were of beauty and wonder, the first visions were of babies and children, of love and friendships and of warm, abundant lands of plenty, but those thoughts were always the first thoughts. The snowflake fell on, its thoughts contemplating the nature of all, weighing up the good and weighing up the bad whilst it descended through the darkening sky with its millions of floating, dancing neighbours. The nature of all was under question. The question being asked was, ‘how do the scales balance?' The snowflake and the millions of other snowflakes turned in the clear cold air as it gracefully fell from on high.
 
Twelve hundred feet…
The snowflake considered the deeds of the people. It considered their efforts, their sacrifices and their resilience. All the suffering and torment versus all the pleasures and successes had been a thing of nature- like the yin and the yang and the karma of the living. But the scales had to be accurate, and the journey was not yet half done. People had always done whatever was needed to be done. They had always strived earnestly to do what needed to be done. The people had fought each other to survive and to win, and to live their lives with compassion and dignity. So too, had they strived to understand and appreciate what life bequeaths them. The horrors inflicted by some on others could not have been avoided. The snowflake fell onwards, the answer, and the cold soft ground below, still not yet in sight.

One thousand feet- destiny was approaching…
The people of the past had been as innocent as children. They had trialled, and they had learned, and they had asked the same question of themselves, but, all along, that question had been too big. The people had looked to themselves and to each other for answers and for the pathways they should follow. The sages had searched for truths and for the knowledge they knew must exist, but, as always, their efforts solved little because there had always been an unconquerable frustration and anger and a need to destroy each other. They had searched for a way to live in peace and a way to respect each other, but eventually, they would always find conflict and suffering.

At eight hundred feet, the distant hills and snowy slopes were just discernible…
When the people had suffered too long, it was then that their sages had found religion, retribution and hope. The sages told the people they must look to themselves for the answers and that so long as they lived by the rules now bestowed upon them, salvation would await them. Nonetheless, living with obedience and dreams of salvation could not take away the suffering and its horror.

Six hundred feet…
The scales were evenly balanced, but the snowflake knew the true answer could not be reached until it was finally about to settle on the waiting lands. It knew also that for life’s universe to be allowed to continue, the scales must tip the balance in favour of life.

Four hundred feet and the scales still needed something to tip them- one way or the other…
The snowflake, by now, had witnessed and weighed up all the good and all the bad in humankind. It had dwelled in the realm of love, but a love challenged by the inevitable horrors created by nature and by life itself and, at three hundred feet, the scales remained balanced.

The sky darkened. The light from above faded. By two hundred feet, there was no light, only the darkness of indecision. The considerations began over again, back to the start- life is beautiful, life is horror.

One hundred feet- to possible destruction unless justification for life could tip the balance…
The snowflake heard a voice. The voice told of the old and the wise and of a kingdom of Glory. There had been wars, and life had been hard and the suffering constant, but the challenges had been met, and life could not have been more worthy. The babies had played with their brothers and sisters. The children had grown and had children of their own. The snowflake was a grandparent, a great grandparent, and surrounded by other families and in a community that thrived. The neighbouring lands also flourished, and all cultures were admired, cherished and accepted willingly. Laughter was won, love was won, and pleasure was won. Music was played, strangers were hugged, and journeys were made. Life itself was a journey, and, though a hard journey, it was a journey from which reward was reaped for those who combated the challenges on route. There can be no reward without the challenge of horror and its battles, and so, life is justified. Nature had ensured challenges, and thereafter the people were deemed to respond. There can be no light without dark, no happiness without suffering and no beauty without horror. People and life are not the horror, and so the horror cannot be the responsibility of the people- the suffering is inflicted on them by nature and nature alone. Life must go on. A small breath of optimism blew on the scales, slowly tipping the balance in favour of life.

Ninety feet…
But then there came another voice. As the flake had turned and twisted so elegantly in the night air and had thought so hard to fulfil its destiny, the new voice whispered and asked a different question. If the snowflake had a choice of living a life chosen at random or being erased from all existence, what then would the answer be? The snowflake knew the answer was to live on, but the real weight of the question had not yet fallen.

Seventy feet…
If the snowflake’s random new life was to be lived anywhere, in any part of the world below, and in any era and born into any family, would its answer be unchanged? The snowflake saw the potential horror, and it knew the risk of untold suffering. It knew, too, that an unfortunate few paid the price for the fortunate many.

Sixty feet…
Those that had suffered greatly, that had suffered indescribably, were a tiny few, whereas the rest, the many, lived with little suffering. The risk had to be taken, and the answer was still yes. The scales were still tipped in favour of life. It was at fifty feet that the snowflake saw also that the many, whose happiness was paid for by the few, may not only live without suffering but, perhaps, also without concern for the few who suffered instead of them. Surely, only a very tiny, insignificant few would show no regard for the sufferers?

Forty feet- the answer was unchanged...
It was at thirty feet that the full potency of the question climaxed. It was now that the snowflake could no longer see its newly accepted random life as one in a deserved and earned utopia. It saw only the life in an undeserved terrifying dystopia. The toil had not ensured the survival of the children and the grandchildren. The enemy had taken the children. The enemy had tormented, had tortured, suppressed, humiliated, used, abused and sold the children. The enemy ruled.

Twenty feet…
The visions of all the past horror now loomed above all else. All the agonising cries of the sufferers now cried louder than the voices of the joyous. The happy children's faces were smeared by the tears of their knowing parents. Anguish, fear, torment, torture, humiliation, mutilation-these thoughts were now the most prominent of all thoughts. What if the snowflake’s next, new lottery of life brought about the one by one, slow and deliberately calculated suffering and deaths of all those it loved. What if the new life was the worst nightmare possible? What now would the answer be?
Ten feet- and the horror could not be excused by either the grounds of happiness or the nature of existence. The scales moved. Justification had not been found...

Five feet…
The last chance to justify all that was cherished, all that could ever be dreamed of in a life of beauty and blissful happiness, was now. With this last chance came the final simple question- 'Can any amount of untold joy and pleasure ever outweigh the suffering of just one single life which had held nothing but the worst of all horrors?' No was the answer.

Four feet…
The snowflake looked for anything that could redress the balance and save humankind, and it found achievement, accomplishment and progress, and it found honesty and charity, self-sacrifice and generosity. It found art, literature, music, creativity and dedication. It saw the cities, the engineering, the technological miracles and the scientific revelations. It saw humans exploring the universe searching for a new beginning, and finally, it saw the undeniable spectacle of everything that had made the world a wonderful and beautiful place, a place worth saving. But as the scales levelled and were again about to fall on the side of survival, one weeping family pleading for mercy, begging for sanctuary and the return of humble lives without death and torture, reached up to pull the scales down.

One foot...
At one foot from extinction, the hands of the sufferers grabbed the scales firmly, never to let go. As the knuckles of the suffering whitened in their grip, that one tiny, special snowflake afire from a question that had burned harder and brighter than ever melted from existence before its decision could settle on the land of endless white carpet. The snow fell and continued to fall. It would continue to fall- at least until the time of the next singularly special snowflake.


8.	 The God of Odd- part three, June

Today, when I tell the story of the snowflake, I understand what is expected of me and why its title is not Snowflake but the plural, Snowflakes. When I listened as an eleven-year-old, I saw only snow, people and an incomprehensible challenge, but the puzzling and vivid visions that the words had conjured up for me remained to later leave their impression. Like Snowflakes, Grimoire also challenged me, but although I was unsure of its destination, I certainly enjoyed the journey it took me on. Me and Richie looked forward to every session at the house of The God of Odd, but on the third session, for the first time, we became truly scared.

The first tale, In the Dark, was scary stuff but what happened during the reading heightened the experience. This tale was followed by Future Green, a very different experience and one which had a personal effect on me. The first tale took place in a time when some businesses still had desk phones. The first incident in this tale was when, as the reader read the words ‘Most Thursdays a call would come through...’ someone’s mobile phone played a trumpet sound. As a voice at the back quietly apologised, me and Richie sniggered. The reader made no comment, but he had stopped reading, frozen as if time was stood still. The silence during this period told everyone that the reader was very indignant. The reader, still rigid, waited. The whole room waited in a very uncomfortable silence. With the passing of time, the reader and his frozen stance grew more abnormal. The tension, as though he would suddenly explode into anger, disturbed my butterflies. In the continued silence, my head shouted at me, ‘Don’t move. Don’t speak. Don’t breathe!’ Then, suddenly, it seemed a switch had turned him back on. In a louder than usual voice, his narration continued to complete the sentence and move the story on. Later a book fell from a shelf, and someone nearby cried out. The reader, however, made no reaction. The really scary stuff came towards the end of the tale- a voice spoke. As I instantly spun myself around in all directions to see where it had come from, my heart leapt, and a cold fear flooded through me. The voice was loud, yet it was not close. It had only spoken a few words, but they clearly were not from the mouth of the reader. Even Richie had reacted to this.

On both previous occasions at the house, the reader had suggested that a tale was linked to someone in the audience. This was done in a seemingly unrehearsed and unprompted way, such as a medium might introduce a spirit at a spiritual meeting. This was fascinating when done, but it became very convincing indeed when, at this session, such an announcement came before the very last tale. Only a week or so before, I had attended my first funeral. A close uncle had died suddenly from a heart attack. At the start of the following story, the reader told us, ‘Our next tale is a little extraordinary because, unlike most Tales from The God of Odd, it is a tale from the future. It is also a tale close to the heart of a recently deceased family member of someone in our audience today.’ This in itself was a small coincidence, but when the tale was read, I immediately associated it with my Uncle Des because he was a wildlife enthusiast and a conservationist- the tale was about a tiger hunt in a future world. At the end of the tale, I really wanted to excitedly tell Richie that I was ‘that someone’ that the reader had spoken of, but I was too scared to even whisper. It was at the fourth visit that I was able to ask.


9.	 In The Dark

Life's balance between good fortune and bad may not always strike equilibrium, but you can feel guaranteed that one way or another, life will hand out fortunes of one kind or another. Some believe in the Yin and the Yang. Some may believe in Karma or fate, and others simply in what comes round goes round. Some do not believe in anything; they just ride life’s course thinking that life is a game and that its rules are only broken at great risk. Whatever way you play the game, there’s no guarantee it will be a fair one. The only guarantee in life's game is that once the dice have been rolled, there is no escape until the end.

Leonard Mackintosh knew that life was a game, and he knew that, in life, not taking risks was a risk. Lenny took risks at his work in town. He took risks in the office, risks on the stock exchange and risks at home. Generally, his small-time gambles paid off, and his lousy fortune had only come to him in small and insignificant doses.

For the past five months, Lenny had shared a risk with another company employee, an employee who worked in Public Relations on the eighth floor of the building- the top floor. Lenny and his partner in crime shared their risk by keeping certain people in the dark-their colleagues and, most relevant, their partners and families. Lenny and Sandra had succumbed to their mutual attraction and allowed it to ride greedily and inconsiderately over their loved ones- but of course, only if the secret ever got out of the bag would that be an issue. Lying was easy. Fooling most of the people most of the time was also easy-so long as no one got greedy. Lenny had not been greedy, but his partner had wanted more. Keeping people in the dark was easy, but the deceit was not. Guilt rode along with the winning, the ride sometimes smooth and sometimes not. Cheating was not a risk that most could sleep easy with, and Lenny had lost sleep. Lenny had concluded that it was time to change course, but life is rarely that simple, especially when the risk- and the winning-had been shared. The compromise was for both players to slowly back away until the problem could drop into the safety of the past but compromises only work if both parties are in agreement. The game and the risk, along with its cheating and its deceit, went on, and Lenny, in his naivety and complacency, hung on knowing the risk but still unable to take his head out of the sand.

Most Thursdays, a phone call would come through to Lenny’s desk, and the usual arrangement for that evening would be confirmed. There had been no phone call for two weeks, and Lenny was unsure whether this was a good thing or not. No call for two weeks had led Lenny to assume that the compromise- the backing off- was working, but, even without the usual weekly rendezvous, Lenny had to hang around the office after normal hours because his wife, and his two young daughters, no longer expected him home at the usual time on a Thursday evening. Lenny did not yet have the confidence to knock it on the head permanently, and so at least for a few more weeks, he had to sit it out and hope that Sandra would accept the affair as finally over and in the past. This Thursday evening, he sat hoping that the call would not come, but Sandra, having considered, had then threatened to tell her husband. Such was her passion for the affair. Her passion was Lenny's dilemma, and this meant waiting, in anticipation, for a call that may, or may not, come.

Lenny sat at his desk in the large empty office. He stared across the room at the other desks, and he enjoyed the unusual lack of daytime activity and humdrum. He sat in front of his desktop, turning a pen over and over in his right hand as he looked out through the wall of glass opposite. The sky had begun to darken, and in another hour or so, Lenny would be going home. He thought of his wife and of his deceit. He thought of his daughters and of his cheating. He thought of Sandra in her underwear holding a glass of red wine as she stretched out on the leather sofa in her manager’s reception lobby on the eighth floor. Lenny was feeling sad. The risks were almost over, but the darkness in which he and his mistress had kept both their families was now his darkness, and he wondered if it would ever go away. In optimistic anticipation, he’d already hinted to his wife that he may no longer have to stay late Thursdays, and this he had hoped would mark the beginning of the end.

The phone on Lenny’s desk rang. His phone ringing at this hour could only mean Sandra was ready and waiting. Lenny stared at the ringing phone but could not pick it up and so he wasn’t to know that it was not Sandra on the other end of the line-it couldn’t be, she was dead, but of course, he didn't know that either. The ringing continued for a short while and then stopped. Lenny sat for some while in a state of indecision before putting down the pen and picking up his suit jacket. He began putting on his jacket as he walked away from his work area and towards the lifts. As he was leaving, the phone rang again. At the other end of the line was a dying man-Sandra’s husband. The dying man's last regret was that his plan had gone horribly wrong and Lenny's murder was now not going to happen. The dying man's vengeful desire burned inside him, and not even death would extinguish it.

Lenny’s feelings were mixed. He was pleased that he had remained with his decision to end the affair. He was saddened at the thought of what he had done but also at the thought of what he would be losing. As he approached the lift area, the lights flickered briefly. He pressed the button to call the lift.

By the lift doors was a water dispenser. Lenny removed a cup from the dispenser, poured himself a small drink and drank whilst he waited. He finished his drink, threw the cup into the bin and turned away from the lifts to look across the open-plan office. This office used to be the Valuation Department when it existed, and it was where Lenny first met Sandra, exactly eighteen months ago. The sound of a tiny chime told Lenny the lift had arrived.

Lenny turned, went into the lift, pressed the button for the ground floor and then turned to stare at himself in the darkened mirror glass that was the rear wall of the lift. He saw the reflection of the long, empty office of the fifth floor behind him, and as he stepped into the lift, he watched the reflection of the doors slowly closing. Lenny turned to face the doors. When the lift moved, he realised it was going up and not down. Lenny cursed himself for not thinking that Sandra would call the lift to come and get him when he hadn’t answered the phone. Why had he not used the stairs? He quickly hit out at the lift buttons to stop the lift before it reached the top floor. The lights in the lift flickered. The lift had passed the sixth floor, and now Lenny was panicking as he hit out to stop the lift on the seventh floor. The lift stopped. The doors didn't open. Lenny hit the seventh-floor button again. And then again. Then he hit the ground floor button. Then he hit it again. The lift waited, and whilst Lenny and the lift waited, the lights went off and on- twice. The lift still did not move. The doors still did not open. Lenny and the lift waited. Lenny folded his arms across his chest, dropped his head and sighed. He leant back onto the sidewall by the buttons, and he thought of what he should say to Sandra and what she might say to him. The lights went off and stayed off. Lenny cursed aloud just as the emergency light came on. The lighting in the lift was now low and very weak. Lenny’s eyes needed to adjust. Out of the corner of his eye, Lenny thought he saw something on the floor. His head turned, and he leaned forward from the wall to look at the dim shape he could see on the floor, in the opposite corner. It lay against the mirror glass.

Lenny stepped closer and leaned a little further, trying to see more clearly in the half-light. Lying on the floor, Lenny saw what looked like a man's severed hand. The lift lights came back on, and Lenny was now able to see quite clearly what it was that lay on the floor against the wall. He leapt back, his eyes remaining on the small shape that he now saw quite distinctly. It was most definitely a hand. The initial shock over, his obvious, natural reaction was to then look closer. When he moved closer, the lights went out, and again there were a brief few seconds while his eyes grew accustomed to the returned darkness. He stepped closer, leaned over and, impressed by what he saw, he reached down to pick it up by the wrist. He was expecting the feel of plastic and was surprised and a little shocked, to feel the skin felt real and warm and that the fleshy texture indented and shifted under the grip of his fingers. As he lifted the hand, it pulled out of his grip as though it were fastened to the floor. The light very briefly flashed on and off again. When Lenny looked down, with the intention of picking it up a second time, it was gone. He swivelled around, looking in the dark for it, but it was nowhere. He stepped to one side and looked down to where he had been standing previously. It was nowhere. Once more, he looked around but could see nothing. Lenny didn’t feel too well. Then the lights came back on.

Lenny moved back to the buttons. He pressed the ground floor, and then he stepped back before turning and looking once more to the floor in the opposite corner. In the same corner, again, he could see the hand, palm facing down, but now it was in a severed arm in a jacketed sleeve. The hand lay, as before, up against the mirror as though it were protruding through it, and, on the other side of the mirror, there was a reflection of the same sleeve and hand. Lenny was convinced it had not been there a few seconds ago- he was one hundred percent sure it hadn't been there. He knew he had seen a hand and had tried to pick it up, and then it had gone. He knew what he saw now was definitely a hand with an arm attached. He looked, and he stared, and he saw that it was definitely there; it was not an illusion. Lenny felt strange. The hairs on the back of his neck tingled. He leaned forward and stepped one pace closer, and he felt his heart quicken. How could this be? Why had he not noticed it when he first stepped into the lift? Where was the hand he had almost picked up? There was no explanation as to what he was looking at. Lenny stepped very, very carefully, one more step towards what he could not take his eyes from. He leaned forward until his hands rested on his knees. He paused, looking down, frozen, his eyes straining in disbelief, his mind’s fear of the incomprehensible growing larger, and his heart continuing to pick up pace. He didn’t move. He didn’t think. He stood leaning forward. He, and the arm on the floor, waited motionlessly. Seconds passed with no change to the scene as Lenny’s mind next tried to explain but couldn’t.

Gradually, Lenny’s jaw lowered, and gradually his legs began to bend at the knee. Slowly and mechanically he, lowering himself until he was crouched on the back of his raised heels with his hands still on his knees and his stare still transfixed on what he saw. The frozen scene of a bewildered man in a suit, crouched over an inexplicable arm that lay on the floor of an office lift, remained like a surreal artwork, duplicated by its reflection in the dark tinted mirror. Still, there was no movement. Still, there was no sound. The man and the arm waited. Their reflections waited. Lenny was waiting for a non-existent explanation.

Just as slowly as he had lowered himself, Lenny began to rise up until he was stood with his head tilted, looking down. He waited a few seconds more, and then his right shoe moved slowly to the arm, pushing it carefully in an arc, curving towards the corner of the lift. The fingers of the hand gently bounced as they were pushed over the course ribbed texture of the carpeted floor. Lenny moved backwards and away. He paused before creeping back towards the arm to get a view from a different angle. He crept like a slow-motion dancer until he reached the arm. It now appeared to be coming out of the floor. He backed away to the lift doors, and he did the only thing he could do-he waited. Suddenly he turned and struck out at the lift buttons, and then he quickly threw his back and onto the sidewall. His palms pressed against the wall behind him. His bulging, staring eyes were fixated on the sleeved arm that lay on the floor six foot away from him. Eventually, he was able to take his eyes briefly away from the sight before him. He looked to the lift doors and back to the arm. He looked down to his feet and back to the arm. He looked to the mirror and saw his bewildered reflection staring back, and then he looked back to the arm. The arm would not vanish. Lenny looked up above the doors to see which floor number was illuminated-eight.

Lenny moved to the lift doors. He hit the buttons to go down. No movement. He hit the button to open the doors. No movement. He pressed each button in turn-nothing. Lenny put his face close to the doors. He shouted a loud ‘Hello!’ He did this several times without looking away from the dark seam between the doors. His subconscious had told him not to look back at what was on the floor. He paused and listened intently for a reply, and when none came, he began shouting again, still not looking away from the doors. After several long and loud calls, he paused again to listen, and this time he heard something. He heard a dark whispering echo. Again, the light went out and then he heard a nearby voice that somehow spoke from afar. He heard three words spoken by a voice that was neither man nor woman, neither one voice nor many, a voice that was not of someone but of something. He heard three words spoken with deliberate menace, spoken with a hidden threat, an incomprehensible challenge that sent a wave of insanity through him- ‘Disprove - me- now.’

The words filled his head, and he heard them in his deepest thoughts. He swung his whole self around and stared at his other self in the mirrored wall. The other self looked back, with arms spread out and back against the doors, eyes bulging, chest heaving. The two Lennys stared at each other and would not leave each other’s gaze. The men were held fast by fear, unable to think with reason or clarity. Then came the echoing sound of slow feet on the concrete steps of the stairwell. The footsteps approached, then paused. They continued, moving from the top of the stairwell towards the lift. “Anyone there?” These two words, from the sane world outside of the lift, almost overwhelmed the stricken man in the lift. He spun around to face the doors and gasped an instant reply, “Yes! Yes! I’m in here, the doors are shut, they won’t open, get me out, there’s-” A small measure of sanity came back just in time to prevent him from disclosing his embarrassing tale, then the voice on the other side replied, “Hello- I'm security. There’s been some hiccups with the power. It’ll probably be over any moment, but I don't know why your lift isn't working. I'll phone the engineers-hopefully you won’t be in there too long. Is there anyone else around do you know?”

The real world was steadily flowing back into Lenny. He answered, “No- I mean- well, not that I know of” He really wanted to say more but knew he had to put such thoughts to the back of his mind. The man told him, “I’ll go and make that call-I'll keep you updated.” Lenny knew he had to accept being alone again, and the deep fear that was returning to him made him call out, “Don’t be- I, I don’t want to be in here - too long- Please!” The other man reassured him he wouldn’t be long, and then he left, his footsteps once more on the stairs.

Lenny stood facing the doors, a raised hand resting on each door. He listened to the retreating footsteps making their way down the stairs, and he heard them grow softer and softer as they continued on downwards until he couldn't hear them anymore. When he could hear the footsteps no longer, his head dropped. He leaned back and took his weight from off the doors. He turned slowly around. The arm was gone. Lenny knew his mind was not right. Then, in the mirror, he saw the doors were now suddenly open. His spirits immediately lifted but, as he turned very quickly back to the doors, his enthusiasm was obliterated when he could see they were, in fact, still closed. He automatically looked over his shoulder, back to the mirror, and there he saw the doors once again open. The eighth-floor open plan office, lit only by the fading sunlight from outside, was waiting. As his head began turning first to the closed doors and then back to the mirror, the huge weight of the incomprehensible fell back onto him from high above.

With his back to the doors, Lenny stared at the mirror. He should have seen the reflection of himself, arms spread out and back against the doors, but instead, he saw the semi-darkness of the eighth floor. He saw the desks and the partition boards, a palm plant and there, at the back, silhouetted by the faint light from the office windows, he saw the hovering, dark figure of Sandra. Sandra leaned onto one hip with her head tilting to the opposite side. Her silhouetted hair was ruffled and straggling. An inescapable madness instantly returned to Lenny. He could feel it in his stomach and in his temples and his thumping heart. He turned and began to smash and pound his hands on the doors, and he shouted for help. Eventually, he had to stop. He had to stop and turn to look over his shoulder. He could not stop himself, and when he did turn around, the dark and shocking shape that had stood and waited in the darkness, at the far side of the office, was now stood just a few feet the other side of what should have been the mirror but was instead a vision of the open doors of the eighth floor. Sandra's dark, barely distinguishable shape swayed silently, her head tilted. With the light behind her, Sandra's face, amidst bedraggled hair, was too dark to see clearly. Her clothing was torn, and she wore no shoes. Her outstretched arms beckoned as she reached out towards Lenny. As she took one faltering step closer, Lenny saw her dark face was bloody and bruised, her mouth a gap and missing some teeth. Lenny turned to the doors. He screamed out, and he hit the doors with the sides of his fists. Then, his hands to his face, Lenny twisted himself through one hundred and eighty degrees, dropping back onto the doors to slowly slide to the floor where he remained seated, his back pushed against the doors, his face still covered like a frightened child. He sat with his head in his hands, breathing in gasps, and he shielded his view with his cupped hands so that he was only able to see a small section of the lift floor by his feet, but he knew what was still there, and he knew he couldn’t escape.

He knew it wasn’t Sandra that was now in the lift with him, and he knew that whatever it really was, wasn’t really there, but this was no consolation. He was becoming too scared to call out, he was moving closer to an unbearable insanity, and there was nothing he could do but to sit shielding his eyes. He stared at the floor, trying hard to focus on its ribbed texture, but whatever it was that wasn’t Sandra, and couldn’t be Sandra, was now breathing animal sounds. He sensed it getting closer, and he became very afraid that he may see the feet alongside his own, but he could not completely shut his eyes and leave his imagination with an open canvas.

Still sitting with his hands covering his face and his eyes on the ribbed carpet, he began to make a half growling, half gurgling sound. Lenny's legs began kicking out in a frantic cycling action, his pathetic performance crescendoing until finally, he threw his hands out and away, and he looked up, aghast and terrified. The figure and the empty phantom office were now gone, but the lift was once more in the amber darkness of the emergency lighting. Lenny stared wildly at his reflection sitting opposite him, breathing deeply.

When Lenny's eyes had settled once more to the darkness, he became aware of another presence. Now there were two arms laying palms down in the far corner of the lift, both seemingly coming out from the carpeted floor, and between them, Lenny could just make out what looked like hair- the top of a man's head. Lenny didn't move, and neither did the arms or the head, but as he stared, the fingers twitched and clawed at the floor, and an impossible, grotesquely injured head lifted its bloody face from the floor to reveal its desire.

Lenny's screaming had stopped by the time the security officer had reached the eighth floor, and no calling out to him brought any reply. When the engineers finally arrived, they found Lenny asleep in the corner, below the lift buttons, and stretched out on a small puddle of urine. His mind had not been right. His mind had not been his. The haunting had been brief, but he daren't tell of the experience. Neither could he confess that he knew why Sandra and her husband had fought in their kitchen, with pans and with knives and with relentless violence. His lift experience could be no more than 'What happens to some people when they're trapped in lifts, especially if they're claustrophobic.' Lenny never confessed to not being claustrophobic or to never having any fears of lifts. Now, after his time in the dark on that evening in the lift, Lenny had many fears.

From that time on, Lenny spent more time with his family. He never worked late, never kept anyone in the dark, never went in a lift again, and he never could work out what ‘Disprove-me- now’ had meant, but the interpretations haunted him whenever he was alone in the dark.


10.	 Future Green

She loved hunting- hunting in the virtual worlds. She’d hunt anything and everything: bear, jaguar, dinosaur, vampire, dragon, machine, everything. But this time it would be more real than ever. It would be indistinguishable from the real world, and soon it would begin. Soon she would be transported back in time, back to a perfect recreation of the old world, the open spaces, wildernesses and green lands with nature in abundance. She would be transported back to the world of nature that was lost long ago, back to the year of nineteen hundred and seventy-three and there, alone, she would hunt. She would hunt the creature they had all read about and had seen in films and in dreams, that creature of beauty and awe, the animal of legends and fables, the animal of mystery, admiration, and of fear. With a weapon existing only in the new theme worlds of virtual realities she would simulate the hunt for the then endangered, but now long extinct, beast. She would hunt and kill the most respected, most prominent and the most desired beast that had ever shared the planet with humankind- the tiger.

Although asleep in the most lavish of reconstructions, her living thoughts, her mind and maybe even her soul, would be transferred into a recreation of India's Mudamalai Forest of the twentieth century. She was about to enter a fantasy so vivid and so perfected that nothing in it would deter from the realities of the true world. Shadiria was the winner of a competition; her prize was the opportunity to undergo the full experience of a psychoportation to a destination and adventure of her own choice.

Shadiria was seventeen two years old. She was eloquent, had long dark hair and was, perhaps, beautiful. She was a dreamer and she possessed a fascination with ‘old world’ adventures; an old world of which she knew very little. Her real world was not one of forests and wilderness wonders. Her real world was one of intensities. Her environment was an intensity of spectacular claustrophobic constructions, of bewildering transportation and of staggering population. In her real world she survived in an intensity of routine scheduled living, of sharing space, of sharing thoughts and beliefs and of sharing privacy. She knew little of the old world but she also knew little of her own world, of how it had evolved, of how it functioned and how it controlled and manipulated. Shadiria was a dreamer in a world that had little else but dreams to offer.

Shadiria was the winner of Experience Unlimited’s TV gaming extravaganza and throughout series three she had beat all of her thirty-one competitors in a record minimum time. Her reward game was soon to be underway. She was the perfect model for the waiting media.

The show’s climax was predicted to beat all the Company’s previous records. A half day’s Experience Unlimited adventure could cost a paying customer a year’s salary. For the rich that kind of entertainment was just another outlet. For the millions of viewers that would be watching and experiencing with Shadiria it was just home entertainment. For Shadiria her pending, first-hand entertainment would be a one-off experience of a lifetime and in all likelihood, it would be an experience of more than a single half day-its promotion had advertised that, ‘It would take as long is takes’ and for the millions of gaming fanatics about to watch the show it could take hours or possibly days.

The show had been underway for thirty minutes and now the studio audience waited in their usual fashion for the prelude to the actual event. Amidst all the security and commotion the young female prize winner entered the spotlighted studio lobby of Experience Unlimited. For the occasion, she wore a carefully designed khaki safari suit with combat trousers and her hair had been tied back with a long, and very eye-catching, blue silk scarf. As she entered the building she was immediately greeted by the show’s host- Magritte Beswick. Magritte was a wise and highly successful woman, a woman whose love of technology was equaled only by her love of success. Magritte shook the young girl's hand and the two, surrounded by tall, fit and very attractive bodyguards, made their way, smiling and chatting false pleasantries, through the cheering audience. As Magritte and Shadiria moved to the rostrum steps and made their way up onto the platform the show’s theme music drowned out the sounds of applause and cheers. When the two women had slid comfortably into their high backed chairs the music faded.

“My first question, Shadiria, has to be, ‘How are you feeling? Are you at all nervous?"

The girl was cool and important, her mouth smiled, “Not really, just very excited about the whole thing!”

“What are your chances for success, do you think?”

“I’ve chosen to hunt in the year nineteen hundred and seventy-three, which was the year the Campaign to save the tiger began, so the tiger population had been on the decline but the numbers should be sufficiently high to make sport still interesting and challenging, and I do have a plan of the Wildlife Sanctuary with details of tiger haunts so I think there is every chance of an encounter, and of course, I shall have a beam pistol!”

“Yes- this hunt of course, will be unlike any game that you have previously played because in this game there is no guarantee you even see the quarry.”

“That’s right but that’s something that helps to make this game so very special- it’s going to be the real thing.”

“Will you be in any danger?”

Shadiria glanced at Magritte and then out at the audience before replying her rehearsed spiel,

“There is absolutely no possibility of myself coming to any harm-physical or emotional. I will be in a system controlled trance throughout the experience. All of my emotional stresses, biological and physiological conditions will be registered and monitored by a team of highly trained personnel who will be using the latest technological innovations and there is also a medical team should something go badly wrong-which it won’t of course!” She hadn’t intended to use the word ‘badly’ but quickly continued, “It is the system and its crew that have designed and recreated the Mudamalai forest and this same system will also invent and create the fantasy’s random sequence of events and relay the whole adventure across the world to over four hundred million viewers. However, I would like to impress upon everyone that whatever I will experience in the game will be one hundred percent as real as real life, including physical and emotional pain!  In fact, I could become the first person to be eaten alive by a tiger and live to tell the tale!"

A short blurt of audience laughter was quickly followed by another question,

“How about the tiger-does it get any sympathy?”

“Not really, after all, what happens will happen to me not the tiger! The tiger doesn't actually exist! The whole thing is just a fantasy game, a dream. I could be Hitler but there would be no real crime!"   Shadiria wondered whether she should have not made the Hitler remark and the answer was confirmed when Magritte looked to the cameras and pulled a light-hearted expression of repulsion before she next asked, “How long do you think it will take?”

“That will depend on a number of factors: my decisions and actions, the run of fate and of course the tiger!"
“Do you think Experience Unlimited is now able to give people the opportunity to experience absolutely anything they wish?”
“Oh yes-winners can now have any experience that money can buy.”

Magritte Beswick raised her arms saying, “Well, Shadiria, you’re certainly about to have the dream experience of your lifetime…”  Music blared out as the studio lights dimmed for another commercial break during which the studio audience were able to watch yet another short film about tigers.
The end of the break was signaled and the Studio lights were brought back on, but only to be immediately dimmed. In the new darkness, a spotlight fell on the waiting girl who, now laying on the prepared couch, was having the head, arm and leg bands, plus all the additional sensor wiring, attached by two white-uniformed assistants. When finished the assistants silently stepped away into the darkness, leaving all focus on the sleeping girl. Except for several delicate spotlights illuminating the girl on the couch, the studio was in total darkness. The silence of expectation filled the theatre.
Magritte’s whispery voice informed all that, during the break, Shadiria had undergone passive induction and was, in effect, in a partial trance but still within communication. The millions of worldwide viewers now looked upon the scene of a young woman lying motionless, silent and about to undergo a life-changing experience. In sympathetic silence, the viewers waited with her. The show would soon belong to Shadiria.

The ceiling spoke softly, ‘Relax Shadiria. Let your mind drift and dream whilst we make the final adjustments.’ A faint electronic humming soothed and emptied the girl’s already very distant mind, washing away all her thoughts other than those of what lay ahead. In just a few seconds Shadiria became oblivious to everything. Church bells could not have woken the entranced girl, but, for effect, the studio voice still spoke to her guests with a quiet, rehearsed reverence for the performance, 

"Shadiria has now entered her full entranced state and will shortly begin her adventure. We are now about to switch to Shadiria’s point of view to share in her unique and personal Experience Unlimited-in the Mudamalai forest of the twentieth century. Let us go back with her to nineteen seventy-three..." From here on, the audience watched everything on the thirty-foot screen on the wall behind Shadiria.
The screen showed a wildlife sanctuary dormitory hut by an empty forest road. In the spotlights below the screen the resting girl lay completely motionless. The voice spoke to the sleeping girl, ‘Shadiria, the system monitoring bands are no longer required and have been removed. Mudamalai awaits you. The sanctuary dormitory is now right here, behind you. All you have to do is get up, pass through the door and close it behind you- happy hunting Shadiria!’

The theatre lights went out, leaving the audience in complete darkness for a second or two, and from then on Shadiria’s adventure was shown on the screen.  Shadiria opened her eyes, sat up and looked out into the studio darkness at the invisible, silently waiting audience. She rose from the bed, turned and walked to a door which was below the screen behind her. She opened it. Excitedly, she turned to the audience behind her, smiled and with a brief farewell wave she stepped through, closing the door behind her…

The humble, Spartan dormitory was not for tourists but had been constructed by the Forestry Commission to accommodate employees and professional visitors who may on occasion require a bed for the night. This dormitory was away from the interference of the clean world of commercial tourism. This rest house dormitory in Kargudi, a few miles away from the tourist bungalows, more appropriately represented the forest, its management, staff and the true nature of preservation. The girl stood in the doorway allowing her eyes and mind to adjust to her new environment. The only light was from the windows on each side of the door behind her.

She stared into a long hut all but empty if were not for the wooden beds down each side of the room. The wildlife dormitory had the appearance of an army barrack. The wooden beds were arranged with their headboards to the outer wall and the foot of each bed pointed to the centre of the room. Each bed had a thin biscuit mattress that had been rolled back for aeration, exposing the bare boards beneath. There was no linen, no furniture, no shelves or any other unnecessary items. Seen outside, through the dusty windows, was the exciting dark green of the surrounding forest but, remembering her audience, Shadiria spun around on her heels and flung open the door. She needed to express her excitement at the reality of what she was experiencing. "It's marvel... "

The studio was gone. She looked out at a tiny clearing, the dark forest road, and a wall of trees and undergrowth. She slapped her hands together and laughed aloud. As she did so there was a sudden movement in the clearing opposite. Some spotted deer, that she had not spotted, bounded away noiselessly to vanish into the depths of the forest. The girl looked in every direction taking in her startling surrounds. She was filled with an eager excitement that gave her an immediate desire to wander and explore. After one hurried final glance at her forest surrounds she reentered the dormitory to walk between the two rows of beds. 

In the silence of the room she heard her footsteps on the bare floorboards with each stride she took. On the third bed was the small canvas backpack containing her selected items for the hunt. She picked up the grey canvas bag, rolled down the mattress of the bed, sat on one corner and emptied the contents of the pack onto the mattress. She quickly checked each item. Everything she had requested was there: food, drink, water canteen, binoculars, survival kit, sleeping bag and, of course, the beam pistol. She picked up the beamer, set its dial to level two and aimed it at the far wall. Her left hand felt amongst the other objects on the bed until it found the beam lenses. With the one hand, she pulled the lenses’ strap over her head and positioned the tidy black goggles over her eyes. She lightly squeezed the trigger of her pistol and through the lenses the invisible beam instantly appeared as a slender pole of soft green light. The beam threw a tiny spotlight onto the far wall. She waved the gun around, playing with the light beam, moving it faster and faster like a child with a toy. Hung on the far wall was a white painted board showing a hand-painted map of the forest layout. The green spotlight halted on the map. The goggles’ telescopic mechanism quickly adjusted to pan in and focus the lenses on the map detail. The girl smiled, her brilliant white teeth contrasting with the black bug eyes of the beam lenses. As with a telescope or binoculars, she needed to gently move her head around to scan the different locations that were drawn on the map. The map showed locations of the forest fauna: leopards, sloth bear, gaur and tiger. In the top right-hand corner of the map was the cross-hatched rectangle with the word Tiger painted in unprofessional freehand. Holding the beamer out at arms-length, she moved the green circle of concentrated light slowly across the forest plan to encompass the word Tiger. She gently squeezed the trigger. The rod of light intensified. For a brief instant, the dormitory was fired by a silent flash of green lightning. Where the word Tiger had been there was now a small hole. A tiny wisp of blue smoke floated upwards from the hole and dissipated. The girl's excitement echoed in the hollow room.

She removed the goggles and clipped them onto her belt. She clipped the beam pistol onto the other side of the belt and, one at a time, added the other items to either her belt or her deep army trouser pockets. When she’d carefully fitted the backpack of remaining provisions across her back she was ready, her mind brewing with enthusiasm, curiosity and anticipation- all urging her to set off immediately. She walked between the beds and back to the door and the waiting forest. Standing in the open doorway she unbuckled the canteen from her belt and took her first mouthful for the journey: the one canteen would have to last until she would be able to top it up from a water supply, which would most probably be a salt lick water hole or a river. The morning sun, peeking through the treetops, was in her eyes. She closed her eyes, tipped back her head and swallowed two mouthfuls of the cool liquid. The canteen was replaced. Then, fit and ready to go, Shadiria took her first steps out into a wilderness and an experience that no one from her world had ever encountered first hand.

The empty, wide, black tar pitched road that led up into the hillside was separated from the forest by waist-high banks of tufted grass. The trees, being so far back from the roadside, gave little to no shade from the rising sun. The girl walked steadily with an over keen but controlled pace. She leaned forward into the steep incline and began breathing deeply from the effort and the morning heat. All the while her eager, anxious eyes scoured and absorbed the surrounding forest. The forest’s images and feeling impressed her opened mind.

From around a bend in the road ahead came a small boy. He was running. The young schoolboy was dressed in long dark trousers and a white shirt and he carried a small satchel over his shoulder. Shadiria wondered where he could have come from. As the boy approached he shouted to her   “Elephant, Babar! Elephant!”  The girl did not know Babar meant friend she only understood that the boy had sighted an elephant and was pleased to tell her. When the boy reached her he pointed back in the direction he had come from and then began to lead the way. When they reached the bend he stopped to point into the woods. The pair stood peering into the semi-darkness of the forest.  A short way into the forest a single elephant appeared to be grazing. Shadiria moved towards the forest and began to move into the bank of thick grass but the boy took her arm, pulling her back saying, “No Babar, no!”  She smiled down at him and then turned back to the elephant. There was a safe distance between the animal and the road and though puzzled she was appreciative of the boy’s warning. She did not move closer but instead decided to observe the elephant through her binoculars. The boy waited and watched as she removed her pack and took out the binoculars to study the animal. The creature, a lone tusker, was stationary and not at all threatening in any way but when she measured up its size, and remembered the boy’s heeding, she thought it wise not venture further. She passed the binoculars to the boy and replaced her backpack. The boy held the binoculars to his eyes and searched, his young, smiling teeth showed his pleasure. Suddenly he passed the binoculars back, said goodbye and ran off down the hill road.

Shadiria hung the binoculars around her neck and continued her uphill climb. It was halfway up that she saw the first turn off, but on her map the road appeared to double back and perhaps lead away and out of the forest and so she continued the uphill trek towards the deeper, more alluring and more adventurous terrain-to where there be tigers. At the top of the incline, the road levelled and branched off in two directions. The girl stopped, wiped the perspiration from her face and stood to rest awhile.

Her view overlooked the small wooded valley that ran from behind the dormitory and the depths of the hidden woodlands. A few large and sturdy wooden poles carried cables up the valley to a small white building that was somewhere higher and to the left of the main roadway. While the girl rested, she listened to the gentle distant bird calls that continually sounded from within the forest, but her mind was seeing tiger and her eagerness quickly grew to impatience. She rose to continue along the warm tarmac road.

She took the track to her right, away from the white building and its electricity. The new untarred road, much narrower, had a dark, dusty red surface. Up ahead of her the track dropped and swung sharply downhill and away. The grass-covered soil banks that had edged the previous road were gone and the forest now met with the trail. At the edge of the road there were clumps of thick grass interspersed with ferns and shrubbery. The girl’s arm reached out to drag her hand through the grass and ferns before continuing on. Doing this she noticed a reaction from the leaves of a small, bushy plant. When touched the individual fronds of the tiny needle leaves had closed together like the fingers of a hand. She brushed her hand over more of the leaves and watched in amazement as each leaf closed to appear as a single mere sprig. She laughed and began wildly brushing both hands over the plant watching the plant appearing to lose its leaves before her very eyes. From within the forest there came a single deep whooping call, maybe a large bird, maybe an animal-she didn't know, but she enjoyed its mysterious novelty and its confirmation of where she was.

After a few minutes she paused and listened attentively, her head turning slowly to catch every audible sound. As she listened, her eyes searched deep into the foliage. The relatively quiet and still tranquility of the place surprised her. She had thought the forests and jungles of the old world to be noisy and exciting places with the sounds of strange birds and unknown creatures but she found instead the pleasant and serene hospitality of a placid forest and quiet summer warmth.

Her eyes returned to the dusty road and the shady corridor of trees that led further into the forest. She wiped the sweat away from her eyes and surveyed the new route ahead. At the bottom of the downhill path the road disappeared into a right-hand bend. At the bend, where the green hue of the forest interior turned to face the sun, the foliage became a brilliant sunlit wall of yellow-green vegetation. She looked down and along the shady passage at the blind corner, staring and thinking about what may be ahead and what could be hidden and lying in wait. Mental images made the girl cautious and uneasy. She told herself she should not allow herself to be deceived by the apparent tame surroundings. From above her came a sudden thrashing noise of crashing foliage. The noise shook her heart and jerked up her head. Her thoughts flew to the pistol but before her hand had uncoupled the gun her wide eyes had caught sight of some black-faced monkeys that were panicking their retreat through the treetops. Her fear instantly drained. Both the monkeys and their noise were long gone before her heart had slowed.

She continued on, into the forest, approaching the blind bend with caution and with the pistol now ready in her hand, by her side. She moved with slow, short steps, treading as softly and as silently as she could but feeling more nervous as she approached the blind bend. Before the bend she stopped, raising and pointing the gun out at arm’s length in front of her. She steadied the gun with both hands. Then, very carefully she sidestepped towards the outside of the bend to carefully see what lay around the corner. Her heartbeat quickened as she grew tense and excited by the prospect of an unknown potential danger: her tiger could be waiting for her, aware or otherwise, or maybe some other ancient creature of death waited. Her senses increased. Adrenaline flooded into her body. Realising that too much of her attention was focused in one direction she stopped and rapidly twisted her body back, her head jerking from side to side as she tried to overview her complete surrounds. Her nervous glances had only taken an instant but by the time she had refocused on the bend in the pathway her stomach had filled with fear. When she moved forward, the pistol still ready, the view of the route ahead came slowly into her sight. She saw an empty track. Both relieved and disappointed by the return of a summer and an ordinary forest, she relaxed. After only a few seconds she hooked the gun back onto her belt, ready to move onwards but not before increasing the setting to four.

The track soon became rough and uneven. Sprouting up along its centre, where truck tyres had never run, nature had formed a ribbon of grassy tufts and other vegetation. Occasional small saplings also rose from this central ridge and both sides of the track were lined with great clumps of untrimmed wild grass that hung over the road’s edge. There was little of the road surface that had been untouched by the invading forest. The downhill pathway, now little more than a wide overgrown footpath, curved first one way and then another, rising and falling as it did so, but the forest on either side remained unchanged. The increased shade, though a little eerie, was refreshing and the forest atmosphere, now very close, had increased the girl's enthusiasm. However, after she had walked for another half an hour her excitement had waned but only until she reached the first saltlick water hole: a large muddy pond and a wooden watchtower sat in an acre of forest clearing. Here, much of the grass had grown to a considerable height-taller than her. She admired the changed scenery for a while before deciding to climb the tower to fully observe the surroundings.

The wooden structure was made from unplaned timbers cut from a felling area several miles away. The ladder was almost vertical and the wood was uncomfortable on the hands. Climbing the ladder reminded her of the advice she had refused-wear boots, not sandals! As she ascended the tower she could not help but imagine a tiger springing from the forest to leap onto her back. She wondered whether she would be able to reach her pistol if a tiger were to attack whilst she was so vulnerable. Her nervous mind was showing her tigers could be anywhere-including one waiting at the top of the ladder, but of course there was no tiger waiting for her. Her logic warned her not to listen too seriously to her voices of fear. At the top of the ladder, there was little in the way of hand grips and unaccustomed to physical difficulties she struggled pathetically to clamber onto the wooden platform. Her hands and clothing were soiled by the dank timbers and as she brushed herself down she wished she had asked for cleansers as part of her equipment.

What she was first able to see from the tower both surprised and disappointed her. When she had decided to scale the tower she had hoped that she might catch her first sight of the ancient golden beast, maybe one would be basking in the sun or stalking its prey, or maybe just passing by. She knew almost nothing about tigers except that they had inspired her and almost every other human being that had ever known of their existence. The computer, however, knew all there was to know about tigers and its tigers were real- and rare.

Shadiria looked out at a static and seemingly empty scene of grass and scrubland, the distant background was dominated by the big forest, the hills, and the soft pastel blue sky. During that first moment, when she thought that what she saw was devoid of creatures, the vast open uninhabited space below her briefly touched her with an unfamiliar loneliness. This was not like she had imagined. It was not like any film she had ever seen or any game she ever played. This was too tame, too uninspiring, too empty. She began to look for something, for a sign of life, something extraordinary, something to be able to tell her friends about, but they would, of course, be watching with her already. With an increasingly accurate eye, she busied herself searching all.

At the far perimeter of the clearing, protruding just a little above the tall grass and tangled shrubbery, she noticed the top of a large round boulder. The boulder was a dusty leather brown colour. Shadiria's gaze next followed the water's edge. The rotting timbers and vegetation in the water had turned the light red soil into a soggy black-brown mud. In the mud Shadiria saw several large almost identical bucket-sized holes, she didn't know what they could be. Her attention went back to the large open clearing, and the distant rock.

Close to the perimeter of the boulder, she thought she had seen a movement. She raised the binoculars that hung around her neck and positioned them to her eyes, steadily bringing the lenses into focus. When the blurred image refined she could see only the same large leather brown rock in the midst of green and straw-coloured grass. Whilst she continued to carefully scan the area, hoping that she might discover something, the movement by the rock repeated itself but this time the girl saw not a boulder but an elephant’s back: a large brown ear flapping very slowly and a long brown trunk pulling at some nearby shrubs. The girl's mouth fell open and formed an exultant, childish smile. She whispered aloud, "An elephant!” She had seen elephants many times on film and once in a zoo when she was a child, but the excitement of discovering the animal for herself, wild and in full view, was beyond compare. 

With the power specs, she was able to discover seven more of the grazing creatures, including two young calves.  In spite of their size, each animal was concealed and camouflaged in nothing more than a field of tall grass and a scattering of brush. The girl knew now that the bucket size holes in the mud were footprints left by elephants during their visits to the water hole. Her eyes next returned to the mud and the brown water pool. At the water's edge, she noticed for the first time several small motionless turtles. The basking turtles lay on pieces of deadwood or in the shallow water and, like the elephants; they blended perfectly into their habitat The single mysterious whooping call that she’d heard throughout her journey still echoed from within the forest. The place was now no longer the empty and static scene she had first thought it to be but instead, it appeared intriguing, alive and exciting. Its nature and its beauty touched the young girl, welcoming her. She was witnessing a place that was free from everything undesirable, free from all the tensions of life, a place without worry, without ugliness, without greed or sin. She looked and saw a world that showed her none of the pressures of her real world. It showed her no corruption, no manipulation, and none of the suffering that had infested her real world. Her new Mudamalai world needed no timetable or masters, no losers or winners. There were no laws or lawbreakers. There were no commitments or false promises. The experience of this place was something very new and it made the girl feel very happy.

A bird with an oddly disproportionate bill flew out of the forest and over the open land. She did not know the name Hornbill but ‘a rose by any other name’ it did not matter. The girl looked and absorbed. Slowly she was realising the closeness and the intimacy of true nature. She realized that in just a few minutes this place and moment in time had become a very personal and warm memory, a feeling that would remain with her for eternity. Her memory was to be her best camera and, before climbing down the timber frame ladder to return to the forest interior, she took one last long and detailed picture. Her appetite to see and feel more of this new experience had heightened and was urging her on with a keener and reformed interest.

For another two hours Shadiria strolled along the green, winding aisle, looking, listening and enjoying all there was on offer. After a while, she found a stream where she sat and ate her packed burger lunch. Here she saw a brilliant kingfisher and a mass of brightly coloured butterflies that swarmed around her showering her with their metallic, sparkling images. Later, when she moved on further into the forest trail, she caught a glimpse of a giant multi-coloured squirrel as it leapt high in the trees across the path ahead of her. She also saw some more black-faced langurs but, most prominently, she saw a precious time from the past that she knew had long ago vanished.

The route she had wanted to take crossed a shallow, muddy brook but the path across the brook consisted only of a broad row of narrow logs that had been laid across the water to prevent the wheels of vehicles from sinking into the dark mud. When the girl had tried to walk across the rotting, half-sunken, half floating timbers she found them to be very slippery and unstable. As she'd trod down on the logs her weight had pushed them further down into the black mud. Mud had squeezed up between the logs to ooze across the timbers and over her sandals and up between her toes. She didn't like the slippery semi-floating bridge or the dirty water, or the uneasy and vulnerable feeling she'd got in the pit of her stomach as she approached the halfway mark. Whilst she'd tried to survey the surroundings ahead of her and keep her balance at the same time, she noticed the dark shady areas of vegetation on the other side of the brook. The pathway on the other side was narrow with an immediate bank and a very steep upward curve that led into unknown forest depths. The place gave her a bad feeling. Creepy thoughts invaded and attacked her plans to cross the water. She stopped, balancing with her arms outstretched and, staring ahead, she thought about her options. She wanted to take the beamer from her belt but, as she moved her arm, her balance faltered. She remained arms outstretched, staring ahead at the shady pathway and its hidden places. After a few moments of contemplation, she carefully turned around and began to make her way back across the log bridge to safer ground, all the while peering over her shoulder at the place in the forest that had unnerved her so easily.

She continued along an endless winding road leading through endless green and exciting terrain and she looked for more new and memorable things. An appreciation of real nature was growing within her and was taking hold of her. Her life, back in the studio of the twenty-first century, was now very distant and very remote. The world she was now in was an untamed wilderness in the jungles of old India-a place of mythical adventure but a real place with real challenges and real dangers. In this very different world the young woman was becoming a very different person.

Whilst the sun had continued climbing, Shadiria’s pathway had also continued climbing, but when the sun began to sink, the pathway continued on upwards and Shadiria grew weary and needed to sit on the pathway to rest and drink a few sips of her precious water. Not long after her rest, she reached a second look out tower. This tower overlooked a much larger expanse of water than the previous and its open space was also much larger. The tower had been constructed with much greater care and purpose and was cleaner and more accessible. This was an observation tower big enough for a dozen or more tourists- so climbing to the summit of this tower would not be steep and difficult. The tower overlooked a wide river bed but the river itself was half dry and very shallow. At the far perimeters was a flat expanse of round mossy green rocks that exposed a wide, dry stony bed. Further downstream the stony bed fused into the surrounding grass and scrubland, forming a large open flood plain. Shadiria climbed the tower and raised her binoculars to search for hidden secrets and to once again feel and sense the reward of the forest detail. This time, unfortunately, she was disappointed to discover nothing new. She searched the area with a desire and an intent, willing creatures to appear, but although disappointed at discovering nothing living, her desire and her imagination were unswayed. In spite of her disappointment, she sensed something special about this place. The water basin was large and silent but too large for her to believe it could be empty of wildlife. The location looked apparently uninhabited and yet seemed, so she thought, to have the ideal ingredients for an abundance of life. She watched and anticipated, her thoughts building visions and hopes until eventually, she had convinced herself that this was the place and that somewhere here was the creature. Her desires and imagination slowly built within her a sense of assurance that she would soon meet with her quarry and for the first time, she really knew the excitement and the fear that came with a real hunt.

The watchtower, being clean and dry, would be an ideal place to spend the night and this was the start of her plan. There was still plenty of time before the sun would finally disappear so she decided to eat the remainder of her day’s food, drink some water and, after, spend the last few hours exploring some more of the forest.

The new road from the tower crossed the river by a broad, sturdy concrete bridge and it then continued to the right, running parallel to the river. This road’s standard of surface and general condition was a considerable improvement on the tiny, overgrown track she had been following. The standard of this tarmacked road was for the sake of regular tourist vehicles. Shadiria, keen to remove herself from the trails of tourists and to get back into the real forest, took the alternative branch off to her left and she followed a narrow dusty red track that curved, rose and fell, as it wound its way up the forest mountainside. Still a little tired from the day’s long trek but eager and determined to make the most of the daylight, she leant forward and breathed deeply to climb upwards along the forested escarpment. The steep slope of the surrounding forest cut across the inclined path and dropped sharply downwards from her right to her left. To the left the land fell steeply towards the unseen river bed below, to the right, the ground banked upwards to an unseen hilltop.

The daylight had mellowed with the approaching sunset. The going was soon arduous but the girl's enthusiasm would not yet allow her to turn back. She had promised herself just five more minutes before turning back to return to the tower for the night. Here, the forest was older and the trees grew taller, allowing for more space between them. Here it was possible to see deeper into the forest. The track, however, had not changed except that occasionally the red soil was wet and glistened by the trickling water that was slowly and continuously draining from the mountainside. Shadiria neatly skipped over the wet and muddy patches but could not quite so easily cross the larger and deeper muddy troughs. When she’d stopped to plan a clean and comfortable pathway through the muddy obstacle her attention was immediately caught by a solitary unmistakable footprint. The girl crouched to inspect her exciting find. Her instinctive smile beamed of success. She exclaimed aloud, "Yes!" and her heart beat a little faster. She searched for more imprints but saw none. She reexamined the lone print, placing her out spread hand over the single print, for comparison. Her hand fitted easily inside the four pads of the outer paw print-this was a big tiger. At the bottom of the large central paw indent was a tiny pool of water. The wet and delicate intricacy of the print gave a guise of freshness that added to the girl's excitement, making her once again a little nervous.

Still, in a crouched posture, she fumbled for the pistol, her eyes wide, her head turning to scan her surrounds. The forest was suddenly not the same. Now there were hidden places and vague shapes. There was an eerie depth to the forest that made her uneasy-its transformed character now presented her with a suspiciously dark nature. The tranquility that she had grown accustomed to now appeared unnatural. She now felt that the forest had a deliberate, deceptive aura that was both fearful and exciting. The forest had grown. She had shrunk. While she looked around her, she noticed for the first time the feel of the cool, gentle hillside breeze that flowed down through the trees and mountainside. The breeze touched her cheeks and the loose strands of hair that fell across her face.  Suddenly, immediately in front of the girl's vision, a large tuft of tall border grass moved. Something was pushing it forward. The girl’s heart leapt into action hitting her hard, shocking her throughout the whole of her body. She instinctively raised the gun and fired a silent invisible beam of light into the clump of moving grass. After the brilliant flash, the green forest emptiness returned. Wisps of grey smoke drifted upwards whilst the tuft of tall border grass continued to sway forward in the wind that passed down through the hillside to the valley below. The girl rose from her crouched position, the pistol now held in both hands and at arm’s length. She’d stiffened up, her muscles tensed ready. She looked and listened with a strained intensity for something that wasn't there. Then, she dramatically swung full circle and pulled at the trigger. Again, she'd shot only the forest, and again a wisp of blue-grey smoke drifted up from an unseen scorched target. Her torso twisted back to its forward position and she waited, poised for something to happen.

The single whopping call echoed through the late afternoon forest, a butterfly crossed her vision, a bead of perspiration slid down her brow. The still of the forest tranquility was returning to her and very soon she was able to feel reassured of her safety. When her quickly restored logic told her the animal had probably long since passed that way she was able to move, but nonetheless she jumped the soggy pools as quietly as she could and with the beamer still in her hand.

Looking down the hillside in the direction where she knew the river and the tower to be, and where she believed the tiger to be, her thoughts told her she should go in that direction and wade through the shallow waters to reach the tower. However, the escarpment was steep and common sense told her she should return via the route she had come by. It occurred to her that tigers may avoid roads and forest pathways and that she may, later, have to enter the forest proper and risk getting lost if she truly wanted to encounter a tiger. Searching for access into the forest, she continued along the track looking for a suitable direct route down the hillside to the stony river bed, her pistol now hanging from her wrist, ready if needed.

Almost within sight of where she’d discovered the tiger footprint Shadiria discovered a narrow passageway down the hill via an almost dry mountain stream that formed a downward sloping tunnel through the vegetation. She stepped from the sandy dirt track into the dampness and the semi-darkness of the forest proper. This was the first time she had dared to leave the path and enter the forest. She stood motionless waiting for the atmosphere to accustom itself. The soil and environment were dank. The forest, now far less comfortable, had a more earthy smell. As the evening had drawn near the sun's rays had paled and the light filtering through the treetops was poor, leaving the forest interior in an eerie twilight. The girl waited, trying to be at ease with her alien surround. She estimated that there were at least thirty minutes before she would need the infrared mode of the power specs and by that time she should have long reached the river and the tower where she planned to spend the night.

From the very start of her descent she found the journey along the stream bed difficult and tiring. Although, just a short distance from the trail, the passage had fortunately widened it had also become rocky and hazardous. She was soon traversing awkward and precipitous slopes and occasionally needing to crawl through damp and prickly vegetation. With the ever-darkening forest had come a fear of the approaching night and what it may hold for her. The fast fading light brought the need to wear the goggles sooner than she’d expected and when she put the goggles on they reduced her field of vision, adding to her already claustrophobic feelings. She quickly took the goggles off, but then, unconvinced the weak natural light was any better, she again unhooked the specs from her belt to put them back on. Whilst unclipping the goggles for a second time, she let them slip her grasp. The goggles fell, bouncing and clanging down and over the rocks and boulders below her. Virtually incapable of finding the goggles in the darkness, her faltering spirits fell from her heart to her stomach.

With the coming of the darkness and cooler night air, next came an aggravating pestilence of unseen insects.  She heard and felt the thousands of unseen wings purring and legs vibrating. The whining insect voices resonated in the evening air absorbing the last tranquility of daylight. The incessant night chorus of chirping, singing swarms filled the girl's ears jamming their sensitivity to all else. Something touched her face and then, again. She waved her hands across her face in a futile attempt to stave off the tiny midges that constantly landed on her skin. She also tried blowing upward puffs of air in her desperation to avoid what was impossible to avoid and in the deep breathing of the process, she swallowed something tiny with wings. In despair, she cried out. The singing voices spoke to the girl as she continued to stumble and struggle over stone and timber. The voices whispered to her as she tried to brush away the legs and the wings from her hair and her face. She tried hard to shut out their every sound but the insects kept telling her she didn't belong in that place and she knew it was true. For the first time she began to wish she was somewhere else, somewhere comfortable and safe and away from the inhospitable, dark and intolerably environment. Regardless, she hurried faster, urged on by her desire to escape her inimical environment. Moving down the hillside without heed or caution, she became unfocused, constantly slipping and stumbling over the uneven rocky ground and slippery soil. Panic grabbed her and dragged her on without fear of injury, her need to see an open sky quashed any thought of retrieving her power specs- and all thoughts other than those of escaping the forest.  By the time she first sighted the forest margin and the open river plain, her ordeal had brought her to tears.

At the edge of the forest Shadiria stood looking out across the river bed. The sounds of invading insects were no longer prominent. She now heard quietly gurgling water flowing through a layer of stones and small boulders. The first few stars had set in a beautiful dark azure sky and across the water, she saw the forest silhouette on the other side of the river. In the placid waters she saw the reflections of the forest and the brightness of the open sky. The sounds of cicadas and crickets were no longer the sounds of unwanted intrusion; they were the sounds of Mudamalai, the sounds of the nature that she had warmed to so readily during the day. Whilst she admired the approaching sunset, and the glory it would bring, she glanced around and then, feeling no immediate sense of danger, she removed the water canteen from the other side of her belt and drank freely. Before hanging the canteen back onto the belt she stepped into the water and stooped to refill it from the cool water around her feet. The tower was not in sight but her calculations told her it very soon would be.

The increased light from the open night sky made it easy for the girl to use the rocks and boulders as stepping stones to traverse the water. At the first bend in the riverside, she was relieved to see the tower waiting on the other side of the river-but the route along the water’s edge had become impenetrable. The hillside here was very dark, steep and rocky. Large hazardous rocks and thick vegetation spilt out past the shallows and into the deeper waters and it was now too dark to tell what hazards there may be on the other side of the river. Crossing the water to get to the tower would not be as easy as she had anticipated but she had no intention of re-entering the forest hillside. She studied the water. It was difficult for her to estimate the depth of the water but upmost in her head was not the water depth but crocodiles-of which she knew less about than she did of tigers. She didn’t know if there were crocodiles in the Indian forests but in her mind, she could see them and this unnerved her.  Looking around her, she realized that she needed a plan B.

She made her way to a tall, broad tree on the nearby grassy bank of raised ground and there she sat on a large curving buttress root that looked as though it had been created for just that purpose. She removed her backpack to lean back to find the most comfortable position. There she rested, pleasantly surveying the Indian night. She took advantage of the new serene, calming surrounds were she was now able to relax again and to view the fresh amber glow of the sunset whilst deciding what to do.

She loved the calm of the night sky, its vast blue expanse had washed away the anguish and the intensity of the forest interior. The dark outline of the intricate forest treetops and exotic foliage was silhouetted by the deepening red sky. The first of the night's fireflies appeared in the treetops and the long grassy river borders. The girl sat for a long while feeling a unique peacefulness whilst watching the final orange tinge fade from the evening sky. Along with the sounds of crickets and cicadas she now also heard a cacophony of frog sounds. She listened to the night sounds, breathed in the night air and watched the twinkling stars and the fantasy lights of fireflies flickering on and off. A soft glowing moon was appearing above the tree line. Slowly and subconsciously she became saturated with a beauty and a liberty that only the ancient world could show her, and slowly she remembered who she really was and where she really came from. She recalled too, the opportune circumstances by which she had come to be in this dream of a lifetime. It was a fantasy she knew she would never be able to relive, or ever be able to explain-sure others will have watched her adventure with her, but they could not possibly feel what she had felt. She knew that on her return to the real world her attempted descriptions of nature’s beauty and its humbling experience would be insufficient. They would listen and they would believe they understood but only she could ever understand. Her memories would be totally and utterly personal-sadly personal. Without being able to share her experience with others she would need to live alone with her feelings and her knowledge. This may be something perhaps too big and too important for her to handle. She had acquired close affection with the forest and with nature. She had attained what no other living person from her real world had ever been able to attain-a true love of true nature. It was then that she knew she would not kill the tiger, not that evening or ever. She wanted to wake in the morning and see the same sun rise over the same forest; she wanted to stay as long as she could in her forest. Suddenly she became concerned that should the company know of her desires and revised mission they may pull the plug on her wonderful excursion. She worried that the system would be able to detect her thoughts and so she tried to push them to the back of her mind and to think seriously now about her plan B.

She rose from her seat and walked towards the river. The tower where she had planned to spend the night, visible in the distance, was clearly defined by its alien geometrical lines. Between the girl and the tower was the shallow river. She stared across the open space between the tower and where she now stood, searching for a possible route through the water to the tower and her place for the night but she knew the only way was to wade through the dark waters and the unknown hazards that frightened her so much. She knew though that her plan B was not a good one.

Shadiria walked back to the tree. The ground between the buttress roots was flat and dry and sheltered. She picked up the backpack and took out her sleeping bag. Soon she was resting comfortably with her head against the base of the tree and looking out at the fireflies and the jungle and she listened to the night. With the pistol still on her wrist she let her thoughts wander over the events of the day; the dormitory, the deer, her first few steps into the forest. She remembered the elephants and all the creatures she had seen. She remembered the sounds she had heard and she remembered the footprint and her visions of the beast. She looked forward to the morning more than anything she had ever looked forward to and, as she slept, pictures of the fast, ‘supersonic’ real world collided and mixed with her green and friendly forest. She was no longer in game mode. What should she do in the morning? What should she tell everyone when it was over?

A few hours into her sleep something moved through the undergrowth, cautiously approaching the girl's body. The dark dappled shape, crawling close to the ground, drew nearer and then when close enough it lunged and ceased the sleeping girl. The animal was warm and heavy, its breath hot and repugnant. The beast made snorting sounds through its tensed nostrils as its teeth clenched down on the girl’s throat and held her fast. It gripped the girl tightly, it's teeth and claws curbing all but the girl's smallest movements. As the creature pulled and shook its prey the girl's struggling arm twisted and flipped the pistol into her hand but within a minimum of silent time the prey was unable to breathe and then, when the computer monitors had twitched, jumped and finally calmed, the tiger, the fantasy and the forest were gone forever.


11.	 In The Skies

Young Victoria didn't much like being at Brettingham Infants, and so, to begin with, being an invalid at home, lying in bed in the conservatory, was wonderful. However, when the first few days and the novelty had passed, she thought otherwise. The doctors at the hospital had said she needed to take her medicine daily and have complete rest- no need to stay at the hospital. Vicky rested in the conservatory- which was now her second bedroom.
 
Mum was always nearby, working in the kitchen or getting a thousand and one jobs done around the house. Mum was always ready to comfort and care for her ailing daughter. The house seemed oddly quiet and relaxing for most of the day, but that would change as soon as Malcolm would come home from school. Mackie would usually prefer to sit in the living room to watch TV, but it was now a new kind of fun to sit and watch TV on the small portable screen in the conservatory with Vicky- and Vicky was always glad of the company. When Mackie came home, Mum would make a pot of tea, and the kids would have a few biscuits and a cuppa or a glass of juice. A couple of hours later, Dad would arrive home, and dinner would then be served. The evenings didn't seem too different from everyday routine life. It was the long and lonely daytime that made Vicky's life wanting.
 
Sometimes Poncho would jump up onto Vicky and sit purring, waiting for Vicky's attention. Poncho liked to fall asleep on the bed either alongside or curled up on top of her. Vicky did jigsaws, watched children's TV and Mum's daytime programmes, and she often read. She no longer played video games- they had become too much effort. Vicky also had school work to complete, but Mum would always help her with that. Unfortunately, there were plenty of times when Vicky didn't want to do any of these things and would be unable to think of anything that she did want to do- or could do. Often, Vicky simply stared out of the conservatory window up at the sky. From her bed in the conservatory, she could see little more than the sky, and on those days, it was the sky alone, whether empty or cloudy, that would occupy her bored mind.
 
Eventually, Vicky began to do what all children have done since the beginning of time. She began to do the one thing that really makes humans different from all other creatures- she looked for shapes in the clouds.
 
A totally blue and empty sky usually meant that something was on its way. Sooner or later, something new, something unknown, something special, would flow into view and perform its brief, perplexing display. The delicate cloud shapes would slowly drift past, forming momentary pictures and events for the watching eye. The occasions absorbed and coaxed Vicky's hidden, inner thoughts and brought them to life: they would stir and mould soft images of wondrous things and of magical places. Sometimes, the sky would create a procession of wispy, floating visions and characters, an endless carnival of the imagination, a theatre of illusions. Vicky waited for these moments.
 
It had been a long and empty morning. Vicky's illness hung heavy on her, taking its inevitable toll. The jigsaw that she and mum had begun yesterday had almost been completed but for one small missing piece. The elephant's eye was missing. Vicky loved animals. She loved animal books, visits to farms, zoos and museums. She loved animal films, animal TV programmes, animal toys, songs and anything to do with animals. Most of all, Vicky loved elephants- any elephant and all elephants. Vicky wanted to work with elephants when she grew up. Elephants were more important to Vicky now than almost anything. They were her last source of inspiration. The one small area of the puzzle that was missing was the elephant's tiny right eye. There were many animals in the picture but only one elephant- the picture was incomplete. Vicky's spirits were frail and had been so for an increasing number of days. Her parents had promised her that when she was well, they would all go on holiday to India and there Vicky would be able to ride on an elephant. She would be able to see real, wild elephants, too. It was not a false promise: they would take her when she was well. 
 
Today was Wednesday, and after school, Mackie would be off to do his football training. Consequently, Wednesdays were always longer days for Vicky. Vicky had been exceptionally tired this Wednesday, too tired to read, play board games with mum, or follow what may be on television. Vicky lay staring up and out at the sky, her thoughts drifting aimlessly. 

The early winter sky, a fabulous but empty blue, had shown no mythical cloud creatures today. The sky had shown no strange faces or imaginary events. Yet today, Vicky somehow knew that on this day, the sky was holding back; it was teasing with its incredible clear azure expanse and its infinite depths. It was planning and creating, building a stage bigger than Vicky had yet witnessed. 

Vicky waited, not wanting to fall asleep, not wishing for TV, not wanting mum to sit and talk. She pondered and considered what lay ahead, what wonders and heavenly dreams the world of precipitation was holding for her. Although tiring with the length and the monotony of the day, she felt she must be awake and ready.
 
The first tiny white cloud appeared. It crawled into view, followed by its equally white and tiny twin. The two clouds moved together, one in tow of the other. Steadily and slowly, they moved from the right to the left, announcing the show was about to begin. 

A short wait and the act was underway- an eagle with wings raised high and neck stretching down as it soared, its wings slowly opening, and its head lifting. Just below the eagle came a small crescent- was it a salmon jumping upstream? An interlude brought large shapeless lumps that were no more than empty pages in a picture book, put there to separate the chapters and to be slowly turned in the mind before proceeding. But these pages would turn themselves: the observer only needed to lay back, and watch, and study whilst the show progressed its course.
 
First, the head of a snarling dog. Next, a distorted steam engine twisting and dispersing as it changed form to become two racing cars blurred by their speed. Then, blue oceanic voids before a show of the creatures that swam in its waters- a whale, a flying fish, the Kraken. Sooner or later, there would be faces, maybe a laughing Buddha or crying clown or a giant, grotesque ogre. Vicky watched, and she saw what looked like a face, but she couldn't quite make out whose face. After the indistinguishable face, there came another interlude to rest the workings of the mind and make space for more to come.
 
Vicky was entranced. She had waited and was now being rewarded. Today the sky alone would raise her spirits. It would return her dreams, colour her thoughts and present her with optimism- and a future. Act two began with a teddy bear and, as its face melted, a wicked transformation into an evil and grimacing devil doll, its arms elongating until they were severed. An astronaut drifted and rotated. An angel floated and waved. A dog with three legs waved its two tails. The show went on: a never-ending parade of cavorting creatures and miraculous artefacts. The performers flowed past and out of sight, down into the deep places where visions and special things are hidden. Vicky had watched, but now her eyes were beginning to close.
 
The real sky had long since vanished. Now, there was a mystical, magical replacement whose clouds were more than shapes and more than dreams. The sky moved its secrets closer, expanding and growing. Its oceans pressed against the window until, finally, the voluminous blue broke through to flood the conservatory and vanish all else. The sky poured into Vicky, invading, conquering and sweeping her away. Vicky was adrift. The clouds had gently invaded her and bathed her waning life force. They carried her on to her destination. Vicky's entranced mind and soul were open for the finale, the main feature, the unique creation that had come from a sky far, far away- a sky that would take her to a new and beautiful place.
 
Out of a deep and empty sea of blue came the final procession of wondrous things. A giant cloud surfaced on a distant invisible horizon, its vague bulk slowly approaching and its course heading towards the waiting girl. The white shape spread and opened. Icebergs broke away from the approaching cloud and drifted in all directions. A polar bear swam from between two towering mountains of ice, an ostrich head rising from behind one, the other changing its shape to become a swan. A flying carpet floated close by; it drifted alongside Vicky, its soft and gently billowing texture encompassed and transported the tiny girl away. It carried her through an endless and magical menagerie of creatures. On she glided amidst a slow-motion animal stampede.
 
All good things come to an end. When the sky became empty, and the darkness outside showed only a reflection of the conservatory and Vicky in her bed, Vicky's eyes half-closed. But she still watched and waited and dreamed on. 

Vicky floated, mesmerised. She stared out from her waking slumber, and she saw herself in the conservatory window. The two girls smiled at each other. Both girls lay in bed, and both had an unfinished jigsaw puzzle. The two girls dreamt of elephants and of travelling to India with their families. One Vicky threw back the covers and swung her feet to the floor. She pulled the packed suitcase out from under the bed and called her mum...
 
Vicky's mum came in from the kitchen. On the floor beside the bed was a small jigsaw piece. Vicky's mum picked up the tiny elephant's eye and popped the final jigsaw piece into place. Vicky lay perfectly still, her unblinking eyes staring upwards through heavy eyelids, her once warm breath frozen in her gently open mouth. The puzzle was finished.

Dreams have no beginnings or ends, and the sky alone knows that all dreams will be fulfilled one day, in that one place.


12.	 The God of Odd- part four, October

At the end of every session, the reader would stand, bow his head and turn to the door. Then he would stride out of the room in the same haughty fashion in which he had entered. During this formality, the audience would give enthusiastic applause. When he had left the room, the old lady would appear from the same rear door and request the audience to drop money in the donation box by the front door- if they had enjoyed the readings. The audience would stand up from their chairs and randomly file out into the hallway, usually muttering quietly to each other in a secretive fashion. They’d drop their monies into the box and then either stand to chat or step through the front door, down the front garden path and out onto the pavement.

At the end of this session, having heard the tale that somehow had a mysterious link to my uncle, I really wanted to ask the reader how he knew what he knew. However, as always, at the finish of a session, the reader was quick to leave the room- and in any case, I would not have had the courage to ever address him! Instead, I asked the old lady before she could leave the room. When asked, she seemed to be deliberately vague, telling me, ‘I don’t know dear- neither does the reader!’ She had then smiled and, to discourage further conversation with us kids, she quickly turned her attention to a nearby adult to strike up a preferable conversation, no doubt. 

After every session, all the way home, me and Richie would chat about the strange tales we’d heard. We used to think of the eccentric reader as The God of Odd and the old girl as his wife, but we never really knew who either of them was and never really cared- all we cared for was the other worlds that the reader had transported us to.

All good things come to an end. After a few more sessions, the new age restriction came. It was a great disappointment to us. Richie felt quite angry- he’d call them all sorts of names. Worse was to come, though- much worse. After many months, we heard a rumour that the house was empty. It was thought that the old lady was either ill, and had been taken into hospital, or that she had been moved to a home for the elderly. Nonetheless, even after we had heard the news that there was to be no more God of Odd- not even for the adults- we would still visit to stand outside and stare at the house, recalling the tales and feeling the enticing atmosphere of intrigue that the place still held for us. On one such occasion, Richie noticed the side gate to the garden was open, and on his suggestion, the two of us ventured in to explore.


13.	 He’s Going Down

Five days on the case, seventeen hours in the courtroom, thirteen hours of deliberation, eight breaks, no verdict for ‘beyond reasonable doubt’. One room, one window, one table, twelve tired pitiful lost faces, and now another count...

Ije looked to her left, and each juror stated their verdict- again. The not-guilty were almost unanimous, but their sighs proved, once more, that a miss is as good as a mile. 
 
Pens turned in hands, seats shifted, drinking water was poured. Ije, ever patient and in control, spoke, 'Well, we're one step closer- Ingrid, what has made you now change your verdict to not guilty?' Ingrid, as conscientious as the rest, spoke, 'Don't ask- I might change my mind again!' A few sympathetic smiles bounced across the room. Ingrid, also with a smile, continued, 'I still think he's guilty.' she paused for thought and then said what she thought, 'I can't accept him getting off- as I've said, in my job, I've seen it so many times. The police know the truth, the social workers know the truth, everyone knows, but when there isn't sufficient evidence- ' Ingrid's look showed she'd suffered from her experiences. She put her hands to her face. She wanted to cry or show some expression, but years of social work had dried her out. Ije was tactful not to speak, but Dilek needed to know, and she spoke just as Ingrid's hands had left her face, 'You don't want to let him off like all the others you've seen get off, but you're trapped by feelings of guilt?' Some of the torment fell from Ingrid's face as she looked directly at Dilek, responding with, 'Yes, yes! I don't want to live with that guilt hanging over me- there is reasonable doubt.'

Now Ije spoke, 'Ingrid, we're all feeling that.' Some of the others quietly agreed. All but Frank looked on with understanding and empathy- they'd lived with the prospect of their pending guilt for the past three days. Their hours spent together discussing, arguing, agreeing and disagreeing, enlightening, entertaining and consoling each other had been a precious and memorable life experience. Responsibility to decide in the fate of another had become a treasured burden that each would forever carry with them- even Frank. All but Frank had finally concluded a verdict of not guilty due to lack of convincing evidence.

Frank, lounging way back in his chair, brushed one hand over his thinning hairline and waved the other nonchalantly, speaking in his usual monotone drawl, ' If you think he's guilty love, stick with it, that's what we're here for- to give our honest judgement. Don't be swayed over by sentimentalist emotions. He's guilty. We all know that, so stick with it. I'm not changing my verdict. He's guilty. We're here to see justice done, and that's what I'm doing. There's enough dodgy bastards out there already, and if the courts let the likes of him get away with it, the streets will be full ‘em!' The first response, spontaneous and cheery, was- 'They are full of them!' blagged by Peter, and this kept the feelings and relationships in check. Peter’s addition, however, kept the proceedings on track, 'He might be dodgy, but that doesn't mean he did it- some of the witnesses for the prosecution were dodgy too!'

Voices and feelings spilt out, chairs shifted again, and the emotional dust slowly settled. Some faces looked down, some to each other, and some just looked away. Nigel looked at Frank and reminded him of the defending barrister's strongly stated advice that, 'you must be sure if you are to find the defendant guilty.’ Filipe added that the judge had also said this. Frank reminded everyone that, ' We're all in agreement that he must have done something pretty bad to have affected so many people and for the prosecution to have so many witnesses. How can we let him off, Scott free, if we've all agreed?' Ije's voice, ever calm and ever discreet, countered Frank’s words, 'Frank, whereas some of us do agree that he has, most likely, done some things that if we can believe in what some witnesses are saying, are pretty despicable, it doesn't necessarily follow that he is guilty of the charges- ' Frank had heard it all, over and over, and didn't want to hear any more- 'Of course he is! There's no proof if that's what you mean- if there was proof, he'd have pleaded guilty! When you weigh it all up, it's a pretty strange coincidence, isn't it, and he had the motive!' The jurors had heard it all, over and other too, and they didn't want to hear Frank anymore. Marcus had been quiet long enough, it was his turn to speak at Frank, 'He probably did it, so he's probably guilty, and you're probably right, and if we go back and say guilty that's probably justice, but, probably isn't good enough- we should feel sure! Just as you will not change your mind, Frank-neither will the rest of us because we don't believe probably is justice.' When Frank screwed up his face, it was louder than his words, 'He did it!' The others saw the face, and they saw the person. Frank was never going to change his verdict- and lose face after three days of adamant resolution that his verdict is 'guilty!'

Navin had spoken very little that morning in spite of his motivation. His turn was long overdue, 'We can only do so much. There's very little evidence- all the witnesses seem to have been taking their turn to lie-prosecution and defence. It's not our fault that there isn't enough evidence. His brother could have done it- or one of the others could have done it. At the end of the day, there's not sufficient evidence for us to feel sure. We should find him not guilty and let God deal with it!' Frank had had it. He calmly stood up, saying, 'You're wasting your time, mate- I'm an atheist!' Frank moved towards the window. He wasn't going to be bullied. He strolled around the table and stopped by the window.

At the window, Frank faced his fellow jurors. At the window, however, the world was about to change. Frank's small but solid world was about to change. Frank was about to step onto the pathway to enlightenment- but for some, enlightenment was never enlightening enough. Outside, dark and distant clouds were approaching from the horizon, the sun was temporarily obscured…

Hands deep in the pockets of his Armani suit trousers, Frank turned his back on the others and faced the world outside. He looked down to the street below, and he saw the insignificance of the passers-by. His eyes followed the curve of the highroad and the skyline of the town buildings, and he saw the far off traffic queues, he saw the rail bridge and the high rise towers, and on the horizon, he saw the heavy, dark beige cloud- a vast, soft mass, accumulating and shifting with an almost surreal galaxy motion.

The sky had turned a weak grey, the cloud a strange, rosy pink-grey with a multiple of coloured tinges. Its looming prominence caught Frank's attention. As he watched, the cloud's shape began to expand and swirl, broiling like thick, stirred soup in an impossible cauldron- a similar swirling motion stirred within Frank. Stunned, Frank turned to look back into the darkness of the room. As he did so, he stepped away from the window to show his fellow jurors what was happening outside. He pointed, crying, 'Look!' But the others would not look. The others remained frozen. Frank repeated the word, 'Look! Look!' No one answered. No one moved. For the others and the world outside, time no longer ticked. Time had been snatched away- and handed to Frank. All but frank, and the seething cloud, were frozen in the other, previous world that had existed before the moment Frank had spied the cloud.

Frank stared into the room at this second impossibility. He studied the picture before him. His head turned from the static, motionless interior back to the first impossibility. Outside, the motionless traffic waited. The pedestrians, glued to the pavements, waited. Above the building opposite, some pigeons hung in mid-air, their wings spread in action. Frank looked on all, and then he looked back to the room, and then back again to the cloud that now filled the sky.

As though axed from above, the cloud opened up from its top downwards. Miraculous sun rays exploded up and out from the hewn cloud, swinging and spiralling in a turning, twisting array of blinding beams; their overwhelming brilliance filled the sky, forcing Frank to look away. Frank, now as static as the others in the room, sensed what was next.

The voice of voices spoke. It spoke with all the voices there had ever been. It was old, it was young, it was humble, powerful, wise, and compassionate. It was the voice of miracles, the voice of all, the voice that didn't exist- except in the minds of the helpless and the desperate...

     'Frank, I've got a little wager for you. If you win, the rest of your
        days will be as wonderful as you could ever wish.'

Frank heard. Frank thought. Frank neither believed nor disbelieved, but he was compelled to respond. Still turned away from the brightness, Frank spoke, 'And if I lose?'
 
'You will be dead before you reach the door.'

 'I'm not a gambling man- and who would be with such odds?'

'I'm sorry, frank. There is no escape from this. If you do not wager, you will be dead before you reach the door. It’s a simple matter- is he guilty or not guilty?'
 
The voice paused and waited before speaking again,
 
'Time is passing, Frank.'
 
The sky tamed its brilliance, and the cloud and the shafts of light were once more apparent to Frank, but still, he did not look to the window. Frank saw a beautiful, wonderful life. He saw all he could ever dream for, and he saw the door, and he heard the voice again,
 
'Frank?'
 
'Guilty! He's guilty!'
 
'Are you quite sure, Frank?'
 
'Well, of course, I'm not sure- how can I be sure?'
 
There was a brief pause before the voice spoke for the final time,
 
'Just kidding with you, Frank! Have a nice day!'

The world returned, and Frank looked up and out at a pale blue sky above a busy high street. He looked, and he raised his thumb, and he smiled. His thumb dropped down to his side, his hands went back into the pockets of his Amani suit trousers, and he turned to the waiting jurors.

With the smile still lingering, Frank spoke, 'Alright then- not guilty.'

The jurors, puzzled but pleased, looked on in silence. Ije spoke,

'Are you sure?' Frank laughed, 'Don't ask- I might change my mind.'

Cautious chuckles and relieved sighs were quickly followed up by Navin asking, 'Shall I buzz for the clerk?' With a broad smile, Ije promptly replied, 'Yes-before he really does change his mind!'

A fresh, revived atmosphere welcomed everyone back into the world of non-jurors, the world without pressure, without anguish and without guilt. For most, tonight would be the first full, proper night's sleep for three days- but not so for Frank.

Filipe looked at Frank and had to ask, 'What made you change your mind?' Frank stood hands in his pockets and told them all with relish his story.

'Well, you won't believe me but, when I looked out that window, I heard God say to me if you can tell me if he's guilty or not and get it right I'll give you anything you want, but you get it wrong, you're dead, and so I said he's guilty, and then God says to me are you sure, and I said, no I'm not sure, and God says- good man, good man!'

The jurors were impressed with Frank and his story- even if they did think it was made up to prevent loss of face. Their laughter was sincere. At that moment, the Clerk of the Court arrived to ask if they had reached a verdict yet. Soon, the twelve refreshed jurors walked back into court where, when asked, 'How do you find the defendant?' Ije replied the two words, 'Not guilty. The judge thanked the jurors, and the jurors left the courtroom and filed out into the lift lobby.

Some jurors didn't wish to wait for the lift- they headed straight for the stairs and the exit. Those remaining in the lift lobby chatted amicably. Navin stood alongside Frank, and Frank stood, hands in pockets, leaning back against the wall opposite the lift doors. Navin turned his head and glanced to catch Frank's attention before asking with a smile, 'So now you do believe in God?' Frank turned to Navin and jerked himself back off from the wall, hands still in his trouser pockets. He tipped his head to one side, grinned, raised his eyebrows and replied, 'What do you think?' Navin politely hung onto his smile and shrugged his shoulders as Frank added, 'I still say he's guilty, and I'm still an atheist.'

The bell for the lift doors chimed, and the waiting jurors turned to the doors. Frank was the first to step forwards towards the doors. The doors opened.

The lift was filled with grey rising smoke. The smoke poured out from the lift, drifting and dissipating. It melted away as it reached Frank.
Frank stared into the lift. He could see very clearly that the lift had no floor. Where the floor should have been, there was an empty drop. Frank stared. He moved one tiny step closer to peer into the gloomy lift interior. There was no floor- just a deep shaft that glowed a furnace amber. Distant rumbling and harsh cracking, spitting fire sounds could be heard from far below. Yellowy smoke rose up, and with it, a few tiny sparking embers. An intense heat wafted into Frank's face. He turned to the others. The others were frozen. No one spoke, no one breathed, no one blinked, and then, a dark and sinister voice echoed from the depths of the lift shaft...

'Frank, I've got a little wager for you….'


14.	 The Escapologist

“I dreamed. Dreaming was what I did. Dreaming was my life and had been for many years. Dreaming enabled me to escape a life that was dull, empty and simply too lacking in sustenance to begin to imagine. But, oh what dreams I had! Every night without fail, for ten years, I had dreamed nightmares. I dreamed of nightmare worlds but these worlds enabled me to escape to an existence far better than my waking life. Many have called me mad but in my dreams, I found adventure, excitement and fear-none of which I was able to find in my waking world.

At first, my escapades to these fabulous dream places were rare but over time they became more and more frequent and eventually they were happening regularly- every night. My nightmares were excitement, a life that I could not possibly have had in the real world. So it was that nightmares became my passion, a force-fed drug that spun me into the fabulous worlds of the strange; adventures with no beginnings and no ends, challenges with no objectives and journeys with no destinations. My adventures always contained fear, excitement and, usually, evasion from all manner of adversaries. Best of all were my nightmares of being chased and these I relished. Sometimes escaping my enemy had required great effort or character, which would come to me from out of the blue-or maybe from a darker, deeper place. Sometimes escape had come from the unexpected and I always loved the surprise and the ingenuity of what I believed to be my own creative mind. On occasions, escape would come too soon and I would fruitlessly try to return to my dream adventure. When being chased the terror and anxiety of pursuit would constantly be relieved by the discovery of hidden places, places of apparent sanctuary but places in which my respite would always be short-lived because, inevitably, I would be found and then the chase would begin over again, my fear still clinging fast, my adrenalin amply refuelled for further excitement. Dreams of pursuit brought me more alive than I could ever have been in waking life. I simply could not have lived without my nightmares-they were my desire, they were what I longed for and what I lived for. The dreams flowed on with the passing years but then, suddenly, they stopped.

My last nightmare, the one before my dream life ended, took me to a familiar terrifying world that was a mix of the real and the surreal. It took me to an old world in which my mind did not seem normal and my actions were not proper. At the start of this nightmare, I recall I was ravaged with an immense anger, a frustration that had boiled over from within me, instilling me with a hatred and a wrath-a hatred of my hosts- the English!

During this dream, I was, as always, in another land and another life in which my real, waking being was unknown to me. Consequently, I was unable to recognise the significance of the events that this dream held. It was not until I awoke that the dream’s memories, crying out to me, told of a new nightmare for which I would have no desire. My new nightmare would be a truly terrifying and inescapable one. My last dream began, as I have indicated, with my street ranting…


Stepping into the night with the storming strides of a mad man I left The Ship, shouting profanities and cursing the publican and all else who had drunk with me.  I staggered my way through the dark seedy back streets towards the quayside still expelling my festering anger, shouting at the world and waking the neighbourhood and then the first chasing began. I had heard the mob and turned to see them march around the corner, brandishing their clubs. Someone shook a large blade at the air. I ran.
The sounds of my deep inebriated struggling breath, and of my feet hitting the hard floor, competed with the cries of my pursuers and the sounds of their jeers and their many feet hitting the hard floor. My mind saw and felt the beating, or worse, that I was to get if, in my drunken state, I could not outrun the gang.

I slipped into the first alley I came across and then immediately turned into a long dark passage which was to lead me to a dead end. Recognising my escape was blocked I swung around to see if I was still being pursued or if, perhaps, I had found a safe place of refuge. Standing alone in a dark emptiness, I listened to the sounds of the crowd- growing louder. My only exit was to scale a very high wooden fence at the end of the passage.  I sprinted, I leapt and my hands gripped the top of the fence. I pulled myself up just as the first missile struck the wood panels by my side. The heavy object, probably a large stone, fell to the ground below but as I was about to swing myself up and over to the other side a second object hit my back. Just as I had managed to topple myself to drop to the other side of the fence, a heavy blade sliced into the side of my calf. I fell to the ground, fortunately on the other side of the fence but unfortunately the first of my pursuers was already at the top of the fence. As with all dreams my pain was greatly mellowed whilst my excitement was greatly enhanced-the thrill of dreaming was underway.

I ran on through more dark streets and alleyways, with the mob always close behind and getting closer by the second. Above the low rooftops of the quayside buildings, I could see the tall masts of the many sailing ships moored in the dock and shortly, I found myself running along the quayside. Here, there were lights and the night time activities of the many ships’ watchmen and their customary illicit clients. The chase was now being observed. Time in dreams does not follow the same scale or the same path as that of waking time and my chase, though long lengthy and tiresome to me, was actually short-lived and very soon to be diverted.

Inexplicably, except that dreams never require explanation, a second throng of angry locals were now racing towards me from up ahead. On seeing this new mob I stopped running. Turning one way and then the other to look in both directions at the nearing crowds I knew I was trapped but then,  above the shouts and cries of all who were about to attack me, I heard someone call out to me, crying “Jump aboard man!” As I ran up the gangplank I felt the shaking underfoot vibrations of my footfall but also of the footfall of others close behind. As I leapt onto the deck of the Bethlehem Star, the pursuers and the city behind me vanished and so too did the night. The excitement of the docklands was replaced by the blue skies and high seas of the Barbary Coast. There was the sound of cannon fire.

As an experienced sailor, I had learned how to quickly lean low and stay within grasp of anything that would prevent me from being thrown overboard and now, as the man o’ war turned heavily leeward to avoid the next incoming missiles, I clung to the side rail on the poop deck-along with the captain, several of his officers and the helmsman and his helpers. We all held fast, hanging on, waiting for the next burst of fire from the distant Barbary ship. When we saw the silent flashes from the enemy’s artillery we could do nothing but wait and count the seconds before a ball would hit, or pass us by. One…then came the delayed sound of the first gun, two…more flashes, more cannon sound, three…more flashes, four…then the whistling sound of the first overhead missile, five…then the sound of shattering timbers followed by the sounds of screaming men. When the Star’s broadside had turned to face the enemy the first of our volleys promptly fired out across the water but then came a change that only dreams can bring about. As the dream itself turned its course so did our ship turn its course, lurching heavy to one side. The daylight had disappeared, replaced by the night and I was now on the main deck, clinging fast to the low rigging. The enemy now no longer came from North Africa but from the sea herself.

The Kraken’s tentacles reached out, enwrapping one sailor after another to pluck each from the deck and swing them over the side, into either the sea or into the gaping mouth of the monster. I needed to escape, but where to? Adrenalin and blood surging through me I began climbing further up the rigging in a futile attempt to avoid a terrible fate but in the first second, I felt the cold wetness of a giant, clasping tentacle wrap around my torso. I was jerked and pulled from the ropes- my body swung high. The ship’s deck was a very long way below me. A rushing nausea swelled within my stomach as I was swung back down towards the deck and the waves below. Again I heard a voice cry out to me, this time it was the voice of my mother who shouted, “Run! Run!” and so I ran, into yet another dreamscape. 

I was now a child and with me in the darkness were my family and others, also running from an unseen enemy. The buildings around me were of low wooden structures and one close by was afire with black smoke billowing from its flaming roof. I heard a gunshot ring out and then I heard the screams of women and children. We were being chased, fired at and hunted down. We needed to separate ourselves from the running crowd and we did so as soon as we caught sight of a woodland area away from the streets of turmoil and death. I and my family ran between two buildings but we knew the enemy was close behind and that they would have seen our escape route. Suddenly, however, this was not the problem because, at that very moment, I found myself running full pelt at the same wooden fence I had scaled in my earlier adventure but this time the fence was much higher or I, perhaps still a child, much smaller. I hit the fence, my hands well short of the top edge, and I dropped to the ground. The first missile hit the wooden panel alongside me, its impact shaking and rattling the fence as it stuck fast in the wood- a tomahawk.  I turned to face my assailants as the second missile hit the fence on my other side, this time an arrow. A very strong, and very tall, Mohawk warrior hoisted me from the ground, raised me high in the air and then threw me into the daylight of the Welsh countryside. This was a dream of epic proportion- but that had been my life and it wasn’t until I later woke that I was to realise the reality of this unique experience. The end and worrying conclusion to this dream, or these dreams- as the events and the places seemed unrelated- was drawing very close but it did not end before I managed to escape the British troops to whom our pathetic army of French and foreign mercenaries had surrendered. I calmly walked away, stating, in an attempted English accent, that I was a Londoner wishing to make my way home but such a prospect was made immediately unnecessary when, from out of nowhere, stepped the tall Mohawk to once more grab and throw me through the air-this time into the waiting mob back at The Ship where my night’s adventure had first begun.

Beaten and dragged through the dirty London streets to a waiting horse and cart I was promptly tied at the hands and feet and tossed, without concern, into the empty cart. Two men climbed aboard with me and, in relative silence, we were driven through the London streets to a large magnificent building in the city, just a few miles from The Ship. The conclusion to this dream was would not be an escape.

The large municipal building to which I was taken was the Moorefield asylum and there a structure of metal strips was riveted around my body so as to restrain my upper body and arms. My metal encasement was then fastened to an upright iron pole which itself was very firmly secured to the wall of the room in which I was to be held prisoner. It was there that I was left alone and in fear of an unknown future. The only other item in this room was a bed on which I was able to sit and lie, but due to the confines of my metal casing I was only able to lie flat on my back with my arms restricted to lie by my sides. The chasing was over, the excitement was over and as I cried out in fury at what had befallen me, my dream was over and I was awake. Whilst dreaming, the significance of this scenario and all the other scenarios from the night’s dream had eluded me. Now, however, I recognised my true surround and my true predicament.

I awoke to hear the cock's usual crow as the sun, hidden from my view as always, had begun to rise. I heard the familiar moans, the morning screams and the rattling of keys and chains and of the footfall in the corridors. The echoing, muffled sounds of distant voices were indistinguishable but their unwelcome noises fluttered and buzzed annoyingly inside my sorry head. The pestilent morning sounds told me that another day of horror had begun.

I lay on my back shackled as I had been in my dream. I breathed in the dank air, smelling the stale atmosphere and feeling the discomfort of my steel girdle.

From the one barred window, the pale morning light did little to display my squalid abode. Though the steel frame constrained both my arms by my sides, it was possible, by struggling and swinging my legs over the side of the bed, to move to an upright position but this I did not do because my mind on this occasion was preoccupied with the thoughts of the night’s dream-a dream that was to be my last, though I did not know it then. On that morning, when I recalled my night’s biography, I was deeply grieved by the reality of what had happened to me. Never before had my dreams ended with my real life’s predicament, and never before had I dreamt of my real past life. I sensed that the reality of that night’s excursion had a terrible significance but it was not until a few days had passed that I was to know what that significance was to be. The following morning, and the morning after that, I was unable to recollect any of my nights’ dreams because I had not dreamt. On this realisation my spirit plummeted into the deepest depths of depression.

My final dream had presented me with the key moments of my real life- as a dying man is said to see before him during his last brief moments of consciousness. My last dream had recalled my father’s death whilst our family fled from the Mohawk warriors who had fought alongside the British. It had recalled my sailing days on The Barbary Coast protecting America’s trading vessels because the British had ceased to do so since the colony had rebelled against them. The dream recalled also when, under the command of my friend William Tate (whose father had also been killed by Mohawks during the rebellion), we had joined with the French in their pathetic attempt to invade Britain with a landing in Fishguard, Wales. It was this futile invasion that had concluded in Tate’s surrender to the Welsh followed by my fortunate escape to London but it was in London that my fate at the hands of the British was to cause me my greatest suffering. Fuelled by frustration and anger at not being able to find passage aboard any ship to America I became desperate. I fell in with the dockland riffraff and their thieving occupations. A miserable existence in a life of crime, amidst the very people I had considered to be my enemy, had seen me regularly ranting and brawling in the back streets. The conclusion was that eventually I was chased, beaten, dragged away and incarcerated in Bethlem asylum-as one of its many ‘incurables’.

With the passing of the next few nights of dreamless, fruitless and empty sleep came my agonising realisation that no more would I dream. I was to have no more ventures of escape to other places- better places. I knew then that my only nightmare was, from then on, to be my real waking life locked in irons for the rest of my days. The remainder of my time in that dull, empty, eventless dungeon of a room were to be my one, truly terrifying nightmare until death would finally come to relieve me.

Authors note: This tale was inspired by the story of an American marine who spent ten years shackled to a bed in the Bethlem asylum at Moorgate. His name was James (William) Norris. All I could discover about this poor man’s life prior to his incarceration was that he had been a ‘drinker’. Whilst in the asylum he had reportedly been very violent but he was allowed a pet cat and he spent his days reading books-whilst shackled as described. Through his books, I hope poor William was able to regularly escape. When I see the agonies of the world and the hopelessness of so many poor souls I truly believe that at the end of the day all we are ever really assured of is our ability to dream...

15.	 The God of Odd- part five, September

We’d wander around Wanstead Park pretty often, especially in the summer. Occasionally, we’d go see the old House of The God of Odd- as we’d named it. We missed the spooky old place and the weird tales read by the equally weird old guy, and we enjoyed standing by the front gate, sharing our memories and reminiscing. The shutters were always closed, upstairs and down, and it looked no different to how we’d always seen it, but on one occasion, which was to be our last visit, the tall side gate between the house and its detached neighbour, had been left slightly ajar. Richie was excited when he’d noticed the access to the rear of the house. He pointed, elbowed me in the ribs and said, ‘Come on, let’s go and ‘ave a look around!’ I didn’t want to get caught and was hesitant to agree, but Richie, always a bold one, had measured up the chances of getting caught and the chances of anything significant happening if we did- and he was persistent! With a big grin, he simply told me, ‘If someone sees us, they’ll just tell us to clear off. Come on!’ With these words, he was already opening the gate to the front garden. I followed behind him up the chequered tile path to the front door. Richie veered off towards the side of the house, and in just a few seconds, we were at the side gate, gently opening it wide to peer in at the garden.

We were stood looking down a narrow concrete alleyway that ran between the high house sidewall and the tall wood panel fence that divided the property from the neighbours’ house. The concrete walkway extended a little past the end of the house, after which there was a lush jungle of uncut grass and shrubbery intertwined with overgrown ivy and other climbing plants. Amidst a few shrubs at the bottom of the garden, there was a large, dilapidated shed, and to its side, by the neighbours’ fence, there was an apple tree. It was a sunny day, the place looked inviting, and it wouldn’t be the first time we’d trespassed in someone’s garden to go scrumping.

Sticking close to the fence so as to not be seen by any neighbours, we crept forward, stopping when we reached the end of the concreted pathway. Seen up close, the garden was simply untidy, scruffy and neglected- not so inviting. We ploughed through the tall uncut grass, intending to search around the base of the apple tree. Amidst the dense, long grass, there were a few disappointing spongy looking apples, some rotten ones, but none worth picking up. We looked to the shed- a large faded grey wood construction with a small and very dusty window. Disappointingly, there was a padlock on the door, and so we could not venture inside. We turned to view the rest of the garden. Like the front of the house, this garden was overgrown and mostly impenetrable, but unlike the front, the building was in total shadow. The rear of the house rose tall and dark. The brickwork was grubby, the windows were all shut and as dark as night. The paintwork was dull, faded, and, in places, flaked and mottled with the grey wood exposed underneath. Dead and dried tufts of grass sprouted out from the top of the rain downpipe and more tufts overhung from several sections of the roof guttering. The house appeared long dead and empty- except for the back door, which we noticed was slightly ajar.

I grabbed Richie’s arm, and pointing, I whispered. ‘There must be someone in there!’ We stood silently staring at the door and the ground floor windows, but the view inside was too dark to see anything but blackness. Richie crept forward, stopping when he’d reached the side of the open door. Whilst I slowly followed in his footsteps to stand behind him, Richie leaned his torso outward so as to minimise what others could see of him- should there be anyone looking out from inside. He tiptoed one tiny step, leaned further, and stretched his neck to hesitantly peer around the doorway opening. Richie’s hand drifted to the door handle. The door slowly opened wide. Richie stepped inside and froze. I waited.

Very briefly, the pair of us posed like gallery statues, waited and listened. We saw nothing, and we heard nothing. From inside the kitchen, Richie turned to me and waved for me to join him.

The place was in near-total darkness. The door to the rest of the house was open, but we saw only a wall of black. Still listening only to silence, we safely assumed there to be no one around, and so, lifting one foot at a time, Richie steadily and carefully moved towards the door to the hallway and the rest of the house. I waited anxiously, listening for the slightest thing that may break the silence. Richie’s dark shape moved from the kitchen to the unseen area of the hallway. I slowly moved to follow him. Suddenly Richie appeared back at the doorway. He raised a finger to his lips, whispering, ‘It’s too dark.’ but, as we turned to make our retreat, there on the kitchen table was a candle and a box of matches. Richie was soon making the same moves to the hallway, but now with a lit candle. As always, I was close behind.

The hallway was broad and empty, except for one small cabinet by the bottom of the stairs. I began to feel spooked by the whole eerie atmosphere of such a large, empty house and the old emotions it had instilled in me- and which now lingered with a scary intensity. Richie’s free hand reached out to the wall and a large, round Bakelite toggle switch. As his finger pressed the toggle down, there was a click but no light. Next, his hand reached for the door to the rear room, and then I realised we were about to step through the same door that the reader would have stepped through to make his entrance at the start of a reading session. Richie slowly turned the old round knob, and when it clicked, he carefully and slowly opened the door. Still stood in the hallway, he pushed the door open wide with his outstretched arm. The flickering candlelight showed us the room just as we remembered it- but from a different perspective.

I stared over Richie’s shoulder: there was the reader’s leather winged chair, and beside the chair was the tall round plant table with the big fat candle in its big brass holder. To our disappointment, the box folder with the tales was not to be seen. By the dim light of our one small candle, we could see little else of the room, so Richie used his candle to light the large candle on the plant stand. As the two of us stood in the flickering amber light of the larger candle, we looked upon the old familiar sight of that large creepy room where we’d sat and listened with such enthusiasm to the reader of the tales from The God of Odd. However, on that day, any enthusiasm was to be short-lived- we were in for something far scarier than a tale.

While the two of us stood by the small table and its large glowing candle, our heads turned to survey whatever was visible at the perimeter of the candle’s illumination. The doors that divided the two sections of the living room were open as always and, despite the light being too weak to illuminate the detail of the front room, we could see the chairs were placed exactly as we had always seen them at reading sessions. The front room door to the hall was closed, but we could see no further into that room. Much closer was the old, large dresser by the dividing doors. When I saw what was on the dresser, I immediately went over to it. I looked across to a brown leather cladded box folder that I’d instantly knew to be the reader’s. As Richie approached from behind me, the light from his candle illuminated the dresser and the box in front of us. Shadows moved, and the box glimmered.

The large bold words, embossed in the leather cover of the box and coloured in blood red, were suddenly highlighted spectacularly: Tales from The God of Odd.

Staring with nervous excitement, I gasped. Richie moved around me, his candle casting out more light. I heard him echo my gasp as he, too, read the words. Those words enthralled us as though we had discovered a long lost treasure. My hand slowly reached out in excited anticipation to brush the leather surface and the embossed words. My fingers curled around the lip of the box lid. Slowly, I raised the front cover and let the lid fall open. There before us was the top sheet- old faded parchment paper showing a contents page written in fabulously neat and artistically creative handwriting. The heading, Tales from The God of Odd, was intricately scribed in black ink, with decorative red and green ink details bordering each letter. I lifted a few pages to see the same wonderful writing style, written in black fountain pen ink. Deciding to pick the folder up and take it nearer to the light of the larger candle, I told Richie of my move to the brighter light, then closed the box, lifted it to my chest and turned away from the dresser. Richie moved to the plant stand and the bigger candle, but as he did so, something caught his attention. He was looking over my shoulder when he saw it. When he gasped and cried out, I turned to see what he was looking at.

The door to the front room, which was unquestionably closed when we had entered the room, was now open. As worrying thoughts of being caught flashed through our minds, in drifted the black silhouetted shape of the old lady. I say drifted, but, in reality, she was actually hovering- seven feet tall, floating two feet from the floor. Her eyes were not eyes but white glowing lights. After the split second it took us to realise what we were looking at, we were both, simultaneously, gone from that room. We shot back through the hallway and the kitchen, out into the garden, down the concrete path, through the front garden and out onto the street, neither of us caring to look over our shoulders or to speak to the other. We kept running and we didn’t stop until we were in the park.

We looked first at each other and then at what I still had clasped to my chest- the box folder.

It was only after a garbled conversation about what we had just witnessed at the old house that we could accept what we’d just seen as real, but, even then, we couldn’t be sure that we hadn’t been deceived by a 'trick of the light’, or as the house and its occupants were so weird, that we had not been deliberately given the shock of our lives- and the shock of our lives is certainly what it had given us. The only thing we were sure of was that we now owned the tales from The God of Odd.

Richie, usually as cocky as they come, was worried and panicking because I had taken the book. I told him I hadn’t purposely stolen it and I hadn’t realised I had it until we were out on the street, by which time it was too late to drop it and allow a stranger to find it. I suggested we could take it back, but Richie was instantly terrified by the prospect, saying he would never ever go back to the house- and of course, this was also my sentiment entirely.

What followed from witnessing this experience was life-changing for the pair of us. For reasons I was unable to understand at the time, it had affected Richie far more than me. After that day, Richie was changed. The boy that had always been a hero and a ring leader had become withdrawn and timid. Meanwhile, I lived on with my thoughts of that day and with the book and with the guilt of still not returning it. I’d kept the box hidden in my bedroom, wondering how I could return it without getting into big trouble. I was too scared to sneak it back into the house, especially as Richie would still not agree to go with me- despite the guilt he claimed to share. I didn’t understand Richie’s guilt because it had been me, and not him, that had taken the box. However, it had been Richie’s idea to venture onto the property in the first place, and so, at that time, this was my accepted explanation for his severe guilt and worry.

A few days later, before I could pluck up the courage to return the box, we heard the house had been burnt down. The news to me was a mix of feelings. Such a special place of such memorable nostalgic experiences had become a ruin, but I felt a relief that I had, in fact, inadvertently saved the book from destruction. All this was as weird as the house itself, but all this was not the end of it. On hearing the news, Richie confessed to me that in his panic when he had turned and run from the spectre of the old lady, he’d not only dropped the candle but may also have knocked over the stand with the large candle. I then realised that all along, he had had something extra on his mind that had been haunting him. His guilt was also coupled with an unrelenting fear that The God of Odd would seek him out and wreak terrifying revenge on him. I’d never realised until then that he’d taken The God of Odd so seriously- after all, the God was only a fictional title, surely?

 Unfortunately, there was nothing I could do to relieve Richie of his deteriorating frame of mind and eventually, he became ill- with meningitis- and ended up in hospital. In a very short space of time, my very close friend had died, leaving me with further emotions of turmoil.

Not until after Richie’s death did I hear rumours that the fire may have been deliberately started by the executor of the old lady’s will- a nephew apparently. To think that this news, had it come earlier, could have prevented Richie’s guilt and subsequent death, only saddened me deeper. However, with time, my spirits lifted and my guilt waned. The totality of my experiences of the gatherings and the tales at the house, and of our later misadventure, is that they inspired me to create my own strange tales and add them to the collection- but not handwritten! Out of the blue, some years later, whilst writing, I recalled the old lady’s words- ‘I must warn you, however, that you listen at your own risk because it is said that, of those who continually listen, one will befall a heavy misfortune. However, it is also said that one will reap marvellous reward!’ Richie had befallen heavy misfortune, and I had reaped great reward- I became a successful writer.

To conclude, I must tell that, in the folder, I had found a short story submission by someone called Jenny Beech. None of the other stories had an author’s name, and I wondered if this person was the author of all the tales and was, in fact, The God of Odd herself. Many years later, through searching the internet, I was able to track her down. I’d long since left the area, but Jenny, now in her late fifties, still lived locally. The two of us finally met one summer day at the café in Wanstead Park. She had brought her black Labrador to the rendezvous, and as we sat in the sun, looking out at the heronry pond, her dog obediently rested at her feet whilst she told me the history of the tales.

The gatherings for the tales were a local group of amateur writers and fans of the paranormal who wanted their stories to be heard. The reader was a friend of the old lady, but no one ever got to know her or the reader, as both were quite reclusive, even though they were also both extravert. Séances had, in fact, been held at the house, and the house itself was indeed a source of strange happenings and considered to be haunted by a previous owner- but not killed by a mad axe man! It proved to be that the fire at the house was the consequence of a fraudulent insurance claim made by the nephew who, for this crime and a few others, went away for a considerable number of years. In consequence, the house had been left dilapidated and derelict to that day. It was my very good fortune (no doubt stemming from the prophecy) that, some years later, the house went up for auction and I and my partner were able to purchase the property for renovation. It was Jenny that had introduced me to my partner- her son, Adrian Beech! What a surprise ending!

Finally, to assure fans that, although the gatherings at the house are no more, the tales shall continue because today, I am... The God of Odd...   Leslie Lyott

About the author
L Lyott is from a working class background and since childhood days in East London has been inspired by the mystery and imagination of the classic Sci-Fi/Horror creators of TV shows, comic books and cinema- The Twilight Zone, The Outer Limits, Strange Tales, Weird Worlds and endless movies.  L Lyott is consequently a writer of Retro- Sci-Fi/Horror with a love for the paranormal. 


The author may be contacted via leslyott@gmail.com


