
Hadagery
Book of Canaan

By: Teresa VanMeter
Copyright 2017 Teresa Vanmeter

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

Published by: Teresa Vanmeter by Smashwords.
‘Smashwords edition’
Copyright 2017 Teresa Vanmeter
Hadagery
Book of Canaan.
Written by: Teresa Vanmeter
Table of content

Chapter 1: Reckoning
Chapter 2: Lost
Chapter 3: Nightmarish
Chapter 4: Nocturnia
Chapter 5: What's in a puddle
Chapter 6: Penumbra
Chapter 7: Meet the Grimoire
Chapter 8: Where the truth lies
Chapter 9: Heart of the matter
Chapter 10: The Babasova
Chapter 1:  Reckoning

At the heart of every forest is a darkness that bides its time. Hiding and waiting beneath the canopy. Among the twisted bracken and brambles clawing its way out. Out emerged a blackened mass. Oozing as it unfurled from a fetal position. Taking on what appeared to be a human-like shape. A willowy human. Holding its arms apart from its body in disgust. Hardly able to stand upright. Stumbling amid this dead of day. A day foreshadowed by the breathy whispers of the trees. 
Another noise warbled betwixt the timbers. As if something were following the human. The human jerked in the direction of the sound. Fearfully crying out, "Who's there?" Eerily a breath had blew across the back of their neck. In that instance someone whispered in their ear, "... you’re not even real.” The human rubbed the offensive spot. Looking to see that they were quite alone in these woods. How could they feel anything covered in bile? Maybe its all in their head. An even better question, how did they get here in this state? Could this be a dream? A paradox of imagination, a slice of reality, or an echo of madness? No. They believed that it had to be a nightmare. Soon they would awaken from the infinite folds of darkness. Anxiously repeating the words, "Wake up. Please wake up." While they wondered how a dream could be so lifelike. Right down to the breath on their neck. 
Then some other sound caught the humans attention. Drawn to the whickering breath of the Khadaver trees. Evil looking black trees. The human was quite insignificant against the imperious giants. Each trunk deformed into a face, limbs contorted into arms, and roots twisted into legs. A most horrifying thing to behold. Making it worse was that the monstrous things stared back. Ominously moving its arms in the humans direction. Creaking back and forth with the disquiet of a coming storm. Every creak twisting into syllables. Syllables into words. The words weaving into murmurs. There is a darkness that hides in the night, like all monstrous things just out of sight. The human shivered. Convinced they'd heard that childish rhyme before. Why can't they remember?
Uncomfortable they dared not look away from the faces of the trees. Reminding themselves that it was silly to be so fearful of trees. What are they going to do attack? I think not. However the glares seemed much more threatening than previously. Even as the faces were veiled by the failing light. How long had I been standing here? It was getting dark. The most troubling thing was how fast it was getting dark. Worried about all the evil things that come out at night. They had to get home. The question remained, which way was home? All they could see for the life of them were trees. 
Seeing the branches thrash, and the leaves rustle. Even as some of the leaves detached. Those leaves fluttered gracefully towards the ground. One leaf drifted close to the human. Curling and uncurling as it fell. The human held out a hand to catch it. However the leaf distorted into wings, and flew away. "How odd?" The human was quite amazed. It had to be a greenie. They searched the trees for more of the unlikely green fairies. Sure enough among the leaves and vines were all kinds of pillywiggins. Coming out of every orifice and crevice in the forest. From Vairies, Sprites, Farisees, Brownies, Pixies, to Hobs, and Gnomes. All seemingly agitated. What could bring them out of hiding? Even stranger than that was the meandering Shrooms on the forest floor. Mushrooms alive? How? 
Just then a gust of wind brought down a rotten branch. It hit the ground only a few feet away from the shaken human. Which scared the jackalopes from their holes. Still tree limbs creaked and cracked violently overhead. The gusts began to propel dust and leaves every which way. Somewhat like a fog. Adding the hardship of fine particles stinging skin and eyes. How could anyone see with all this dust? Despite that the human swore a Unicorn ran through the trees. Oddly every living thing was heading in the same direction. Not a good sign. Animals can sense when something bad is about to happen. Could it be the storm?
Hearing the high winds howl through the trees. Much like the low resonation from an amphora. The strong winds had in turn amplified the murmuring. Into a language all its own. The most alarming thing is that the voices sprung all around. As surely as if they were in a conversation. Clearly answering some murmured question. The matter at hand was without a doubt, an oncoming storm. However the voices weren't running from the storm. Instead they were fearlessly coming in the direction of the human. Surmising that they wanted to know who was in their woods? Now knowing something other than animals were out in these woods. I should hide. "No." The figure whispered, "They must already know I am here." Stand your ground... That's when the human realized something important. I don't know who I am. Sorely cursing, "Why can't I remember?" 
Then the sounds of twigs breaking could be heard. A warning that whatever was out there was close. The human fearfully cried out, "Who's there?" Even as their mind squeaked, "I just want to go home!" Nervously looking from side to side. Trying to decipher any shape through the dust. Between dust and darkness it had grown too murky to make anything out. Although the growing sounds suggested the unknown beings were close. 
Unexpectedly thunder and lightning streaked above the trees. It gave off a marginal amount of light. Only enough to make out several small upright figures. No more than a small house width away. The human couldn't help but gasp. Those things were closer than they'd hoped. On the other hand they'd hoped it was merely the wind. There was one big problem to all of this. The creatures had seen the human also. Without a moments notice footsteps had already enclosed the human. While numerous figures emerged out of the haze. Counting in the neighborhood of nine. The frozen human stuttered, "Wha..What do you want?" 
By this time the creatures could be seen more clearly. No more than a couple feet in height. Leathery troll like skin. Remarkably their main feature were its ears. Ears the full length of their bodies. There was no doubt these things were panotti. A race dwelling deep underground. But why would the panotti be here? May something have happened to bring them out of hiding? Could it be the same thing that has scared all the forest animals?
The human had serious doubts about their motives. By the mere fact of their glare. One gestured towards the human. Then they began to talk to each other in an unfamiliar language. They truly looked mad. It was no longer safe to be here. The human nervously stepped backwards. Praying, "Eidolon please help." However the long eared creatures tightened the circle around the human. The human fearfully cast an accusing finger in the direction of the creatures. Then yelled, "Leave me alone!" They weren't frightened by the display. Their wayward chattering resembling laughter. 
The human tensed. Certain the panotti had a reason for chasing them. Why? What have I done? No matter what they couldn't remember. The matter was vexing, and all they could do is yell, "What do you want with me?" The panotti were more than incensed. It stands to reason that the guilty party should know what they've done. Though the human did not. They readied for an attack. Nonetheless all the human could do is appeal to the Lord, "Eidolon, what have I done?" It seemed the Lord had forsaken thee. Even as the panotti pawed at the human. 
Then a loud vibrating howl permeated throughout the forest. Followed closely by the sounds of crashing trees. What is that? Even the panotti stopped to take note of the strange sounds. Then there was another deafening howl. The human had never heard anything like it. More and more trees crashed in the distance. A howl from the west. Another from the east. The sounds were everywhere. By each passing minute the number of howls were growing. The most unsettling thing is that the sounds were moving this way. The human fretfully exhaled, "What's happening?" Truthfully there was no time to think. Everywhere forest animals were running in the direction of the pillywiggins. All away from the terrifying noise. Even the panotti looked afraid. 
Then there was another howl. It was much closer than any other. Soon after you could hear the trees thrash. What was out there? It sounded as if the entire forest were being torn apart. Every crash sent violent waves through the dust covered trees. Waves hauntingly bowing full grown trees. Then more than leaves began to fall from the treetops. Everyone was ducking and dodging limbs of all sizes. The panotti had all but forgotten the human. Never veering too far from their quarry. 
Before long the human felt a strange rumble from underfoot. What is that? Nary a chance to even look. Something had seized the humans foot. Its bite charged through the body. Even as a white light filled the space around the human. Within that light dust grew heavy and fell like tiny droplets to the ground. From everywhere and nowhere an ethereal laughter invaded the senses. It was almost surely a man. But who? The identity seemed just beyond reach. It whispered awfully close, "Hadge..." Hadge?" The human had no idea what that was supposed to mean. Looking towards the panotti to see how they reacted. However they stood outside the dome of light without recognition. Never wavering from searching the surrounding trees. So its almost certain they couldn't see, or hear anything. "Why can't they see? The humans scream came out like a tortured whisper, "Helppp..." 
Suddenly the light vanished as quickly as it appeared. Dropping the human to its knees. Overwhelmed by pain. All they could think about was laying down to die. They fell to their hands and knees. Weakly letting their head hang. Thereupon a smoky mass was swirling below their body. In the forest floor. While its hand reached up through the ground to grab the human. In an instant the human fell backwards. Then scrambled several feet away. Begging to a higher power, "Please, Eidolon make this all go away." The smoky mass rose up to take the shape of a half man/half beast. Half the size of the trees. One of the panotti shouted the word, "Enenra!" The human had only heard of stories about such a creature. They could take many forms. However enenras stayed hidden from humans. Hiding within fires, or in the depths of Hell. Thought to be a myth. All the same here it is. The essential question is, Why? 
Soon the dust and wind began to be sucked into the enenras body. A swirling mass resembling a tornado. The rotation picking up speed with each passing second. Until it began to suck in larger objects. Such as limbs, rocks, and small animals. Then the beasts mouth opened like the eye of the storm, and a godless howl was set free. A deafening sound. The human covered their ears. Even the panotti cowered in pain. Nonetheless the cringing sound could not be subdued. Crying out for help, "Eidolon!" At any rate the human could not bear it no longer. The time had come to get the heck out of here. All the while their inner voice shrieked, "Run!" The human took that chance and ran. Hobbling at first. Until the pain had grown manageable. Ran from the enenra, and all the panotti. Running in the same direction that all the animals did. It took several moments before the panotti noticed the human was gone. At any rate they rushed after the quarry. 
The path was impeded by many limbs old and new. Although the biggest obstruction was a rotting tree. Lain between two mountains of dense thorn covered trees. Each grouping stretched off into the murky dark. The rotting tree was the sole exit. A moment of panic set through the humans mind. How will I get out that way? That's when they noticed an animal trail leading up to the fallen tree. Right to a low spot. However that low spot was a good three to four feet high. It was the only way out. All hope drained from the human of escaping that way. "How?" A question aimed at Eidolon. Upon that they crossly slapped the tree. Oddly a creature appeared just shy of the hand. About the size of a human head. Its chameleon skin changing in an array of colors. Surely some kind of frog. Though this frog stood on its hind legs. Standing on a broken branch. Then swiftly leapt over the tree, and out of sight. Sure it was a sign. Looking more closely at the rotting tree. The bark had been worn away. Although the remains of branches prickled the surface. I'm supposed to use those branches. 
Hastily the human grabbed onto the spiky branches. Some branches giving way in hand. While others held fast. Shortly they pulled themselves up and over. Still the landing on the other side was even trickier. Given that the sore ankle gave way on impact. The human stumbled headlong into a thorn bush. Screaming until they rolled onto the nearby ground. Their first thought were of the panotti. Are they coming? As they looked at the rotting tree. I can't see them. 
Suddenly smoke rose up beneath them. Instantly knowing it was another enenra. However it was already too late. The enenra had already caught the humans ankle. The human cried out, "Nooooooo!" Desperately trying to break free. Nevertheless the monster had an iron grip. Rising up from the ground to take a devilish form. While the human swung in mid-air kicking and screaming. Then things went from bad to worse. The panotti had appeared. In no time the lop eared creatures had leapt into the fray. Thereupon the enenra materialized half a dozen more arms. Each arm flinging its foes to the ground. Somewhere amid the chaos the human was thrown to the ground also. "Thank you." His thoughts were of Eidolon. "I'm free." The human didn't have to think twice. They rolled onto their feet sprinting into the undergrowth. Trying to get as much distance between them and all the mayhem. As they nervously glanced back to make sure they weren't being followed. 
The enenra had grown three times in size. Its swirling smoky form rotating into a whirlwind. As tree limbs and other small debris were being sucked into the mass. At that time a monstrous howl escaped the beast. Then it sunk back into the ground. Creating a vortex which sucked everything big and small inside. Even whole uprooted trees. "Oh my Eidolon," The human cried out, "Why have thee forsaken Canaan." Surely the panotti had been carried away into the vortex. Although one could never really be certain. Since they lost sight of them from the start of the assault. But that was beside the point. Even as pockets of smoke rose up from the ground here and there. While the human steered away from the smoky locations. Trying to run as fast as they could through the falling limbs. Hearing enenra after enenra rise up behind them. All the while praying, "Dear Eidolon I beg for your mercy." Crying out, "Please save us!" There was no answer. Coming to the conclusion that it did no good to look back. Especially since the same terror stood before them. 
Terrified the human could no more than run for their life. Through the crowded forest of gnarled khadaver trees. Through thickets and ropes of vines. All hampering any pace. Weaving this way around a tree. That way through a bush. Then up and over stumps, or rocks. Many times the path was blocked. Still they had to keep going. Nervously unsure its the right direction. It really didn't matter. Because there were too many things in this woods to fear. Including the trees. Even as the eerie trees mimicked humanlike movements. Yet it couldn't be possible, or could it? While every miniscule noise darkened the fear confounding the mind. There was no doubt that they were being followed. It was not loud enough to be the enenra. Which raged onward in the forest behind them. Hearing the rustle of brush, and twigs snapping. The panotti? No, it couldn't be, or could it? They'd vanished with the enenra. Nevertheless it had to be them. Grumbling, "Don't they ever give up?" 
Then a twig snapped dangerously close. What was that? Jerking to seek out the sound. Despite that nothing could be seen. If it had been one of the panotti they surely could've seen them. All the same the human tried to run faster. Huffing and puffing with exhaustion. Daring not to stop just to catch a breath. Needing to run as fast as their body could wriggle through the forest. Branches scratched and tore at them. They fell several times scraping their knees. Stabbed with splinters. Certain not much progress had been made through the woods. Even so they couldn't stop. Stopping would mean death. By now it was nearly too dark to see. How could a human keep going without light? Remembering the soft light from the fireplace at home. Keeping the darkness at bay. How they wished to be home safe and sound. However darkness walked with them hand in hand. Hence they must keep going, darkness or not. 
Unexpectedly before them was another dense grouping of trees. Could they have gotten turned around? It was entirely possible. By now they weren't even sure if they were going the right way. Still common sense told them that most of the forest would've been leveled by the enenras. Everything here seemed intact. Though maybe not for long. As the branches of the trees were all being pulled in one direction. Towards the way the human had just come from. An enenra must be close. The human nervously glanced back. Seeing something pale dash between branches. It was definitely not an enenra. Much too small. Maybe it was just debris of some sort. That's it. The mind playing tricks. They just needed to keep moving. Before long they'd found an opening in the trees. Carefully making their way passed branches being pulled behind them. 
In the next instant the wind decreased. Likewise the bent branches swung back into place. Knocking the human face first to the ground. Feeling the brushwood poke and prod. All the while hearing a horrifying sound. The pitter patter of feet. Every one running towards the human. They knew who it was before they even lifted their head. It had to be the panotti. Screaming out, "Nooooo!" Then they were swiftly back on their feet. As an odd light filtered from somewhere out of sight. A light somewhat like the one earlier. Light illuminating the mischievous grin on the panotti's face. As it blocked the humans way. The human had enough. Spotting the very branch that knocked them to the ground. When an evil thought came to mind. Swiftly they acted on that thought. Grabbing the branch ,and giving it a tug in the right direction. It took the swinging branch a second to hit the panotti. Whacking the creature off its feet. 
The human took off running. Laughing at the creature as they went, "That's what you get." From that point onward they didn't look back. They ran, climbed, and crawled their way forward. Seeming like hours. All the while the strange light illuminated the path. Eventually the trees began to thin out. Surely they must be close to the edge of the woods by now. Thanking Eidolon. They could not keep up this pace any longer. Although they couldn't slow down either. Especially knowing the panotti were behind them. Even worse than that was the enenra. It was a struggle being this tired. Needing very much to rest. Begging to the heavens with a sigh, "Eidolon, please help me get home." It were as if prayers had been answered. 
All of a sudden the trees thinned out to a rocky clearing. The clearing lead up to a road. A road made up of dirt and nearby rocks. At last someplace familiar. One direction the road led to Emmaus, and the other passing by a tiny village called Boding. You could hardly even call it a village. Seeing as if you blinked you might miss it. Due to the fact that homes were hallowed out of Khadaver trees. Magical trees seeming to be almost alive. So magical the tree is dimensionally bigger on the inside. Big enough to carve out an entire home from its smoky timber. "Home..." Just the word began to spread a warmth inside them. They had to get home. Home was not too far from here. Located down the ravine on the other side of the road. Settled within a rocky glen sparsely grown with trees, and a brook. Only a small path led down the side of the ravine to Boding. A path near impossible to see. 
The human rushed to the other side of the road. Discovering that even they couldn't seem to find the path either. Positive it was here somewhere. However this murky darkness made the path next to invisible. Grumbling, "Its here somewhere." Another howl echoed from behind them. It reminded them they needed to hurry. They had to get home. It would be safe there, or so they kept telling themselves. Daring to glance back. Horrified to see the long eared creatures were there. 
In the blink of an eye the panotti were pushing and shoving the human. They were inhumanly fast. Several blocked the path home. Shoving the human backwards. While others pulled the humans arms in the direction of Emmaus. Angrily the human broke free of their grasp. Swinging and yelling at the little beasts, "Noooooooo!" Taking a second swipe, "Get away from me!" Each time they easily avoided the attack. The human wary how they could compete against such speeds. Once again they were pushing and shoving. Pulling the human in the direction of Emmaus. Then the human realized something. They were trying to herd them away from home. Why can't they go home? The bigger question. Why the direction of Emmaus? It didn't make sense. Because the human would not go. They were going home. Even now one of them clung to an arm. The human swung hard. Knocking the panotti against a rock. Shouting to the top of their lungs, "I'm not going that way!" No, the human would have none of it. Barreling headlong through the little beasts. Kicking them to one side or another. They had to find the path, and find it now. Just then a panotti rammed them in the side. Reeling them to the ground. Even as their eyes focused on the gently sloping ground. 
There it is! The path to Boding. All at once the panotti started to pile on the human. "No you don't." The human growled. Rolling the little beasts off. Then jumped upright, and ran to the path. Scaling the ravine downward. Still hearing the annoying beasts behind them. Praying that they stay behind. Because the path was not meant for any skirmish. Moreover it was a long way down. The dust began to thin deeper into the ravine. Until the village of Boding came into sight.
Boding was like something from the pages of a handwritten book. Somewhere in the years before christ. Looking no less than it would on any other night. Large khadaver trees dotted the rocky glen. Trees sprinkled in an array of light. Many colors of light. That oddly only appeared here in Boding. As luminescent plants and mushrooms bejeweled every tree. While oil lamps hung outside every door. Each dwelling nestled with fences and gardens. With a stone path marking its way through town. Just the sight of it lessened the humans fears. 
Although they hadn't forgotten the panotti. Uneasily glancing behind them for the beasts. Not surprised that they were still there. Anyhow it didn't matter anymore. reminding themselves, "I'm almost home." Home was within there sights. On the outskirts of Boding. A Khadaver tree close to a babbling brook. Overjoyed that they would be home soon. They couldn't help but skip the rest of the way across the stone path. Halting mere feet from the tree. Then reality hit the human. Home is just a tree. What makes this tree any different than the ones destroyed by the enenra? The disillusioned voice asking. What if home isn't any safer than where I stand now? "No!" The Human couldn't allow thoughts such as that. Forcing the words out, "Safe and sound." 
Then a noise harkened them back to the panotti. Still it was much too late. Seeing that the panotti nearly waylaid the human to the stone path. The human screeching out, "Owwwww!" Even so they didn't lose their balance. Fighting the little beasts off like before. Trying to sprint the distance to the house. Nonetheless the little beasts jumped onto the humans back. The human grabbed a piece of  decayed fencing. Whacking the panotti to the ground. Then threw the chunk of wood at the them. All in a last ditch effort to make it to the door. Oddly they hadn't noticed before now that the knothole windows were eerily dark. Nor that the front door creaked back and forth as the wind blew. An alarm went off in the humans head. Has something happened? My family! The human warily pushed on the door. Half expecting something to lunge out. Instead a panotti bit the side of the humans leg. As they nearly howled as loud as the enenra, "Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!" In turn the human punched the beast in the head. Watching it hit the stone path. Quickly the beast was on all fours. Hissing and exposing its pointed bloodstained teeth. Even as the human had already slipped through the entrance. Whereas in the duration it took to shut the door time came to a crawl. Seeing the slender view of the beast lunging at the closing door. Until the human was closed off into the darkness.
The door shook from the assault outside. Panotti after panotti joined the attack on the door. The human had barred it shut. Thankfully leaning against the door. Quite convinced Eidolon had been watching over them. Even now they tried to pick out features from the darkened room. Taking several steps into the space. Timidly calling out, "Mom?" However those steps felt like they had just walked into a dream. As the words fell flat on their lip, "Papa..." What was once dark was now marred in shadows. Shadows emanating from the glow of a stone oven at the far end of the room. 
Abruptly something fell near the oven. As tiny embers of light dusted the room. That coppery light breathing life into the ever shifting walls. "Is that..?" The human was confused, "Wall breathing?" They had to have a closer look. Without regards to the reed mats still rolled out on the floor. Just stopping short of the low table in the middle of the mats. Papa's pipe sat lopsided in a bowl on the table. It was still smoking. As if he'd left in a hurry. At once the human was overcome by dread. Certain something awful has happened. Now thinking of their brother, "Bobbee?" The human wondered, "Could he be okay?" Looking from one side to the other at the darkened bedrooms doorways.
Creeee...eeeee..eeee..ee. The door behind them creaked open. "That's impossible." They thought, "I barred that door shut." The human turned around just in time to hear it click shut again. Standing just inside the entrance was a blackened thing. Humanistic in shape. However whether it was male, female, or an it was hard to tell. Since it was covered in sludge. The grisly thing is that the creature was dragging a limp woman by the hair of her head. "Mom..." The human whispered. Watching the sludge creature drop the body. Then stalk across the room. The humans mind screeching, "Its gonna kill me!" Trying to step out of the line of attack. Thereupon falling flat on their ass. One hand landing in a puddle next to them. Without looking was positive it was blood. Papa's blood. Horrified they jerked their hand out. In time to see it was not blood. Apparently some kind of black ooze. It was everywhere. Exactly the same goo covering their body. What is this? They questioned, What is going on? Just as their thoughts went back to the sludge covered creature. Bam... The human looked back to where the creature had been. However the creature, and the woman was now gone. Just like awaking from a bad dream. 
Bam...What was that? Bam...There the sound goes again. Realizing the sounds were coming from the knothole windows. As the panotti kept slamming themselves against the glass. "They must be mad." The human thought. "Why don't they just give up?" Nevertheless they frantically kept at it. One after another. BAM! A smoky hand flattened a panotti against the window. An enenra was here. Its not safe anymore. The human anxiously glanced at the planked door. Already smoky tendrils sifted through every crack. They had to get out of here! Their mind screaming, "Run!" The problem was there was only one entrance into the house. Quickly coming to the conclusion they were trapped. Still their mind screamed, "Run!" Even as they tried to roll over. Not taking into account the table, mats, and sludge. Struggling not to slip and fall on the furnishings. 
Until they were haphazardly up and running. Running towards the bedroom they shared with their brother Bobby. A large doorway covered by an old curtain. Cynically thinking how much protection can a curtain offer. Probably as much as the front door. There is no way to keep the enenra out. It all boiled down to the fact they had to escape. While the bedroom would only offer them seconds to hatch out a plan. They rushed headlong into the space. The room a semicircle. With a bench on either end turned into makeshift beds. However the room was in shambles. A layer of sludge formed a strange circular design in the center of the floor. Strewn within the circle were goat skins with writing. Likewise khadaver dolls, and many other things. Each carved doll had a name. Annabelle, Robert, Harold, Emilia, Rife, Joliet, Pupa, Bebe, Egdah, and Caroline. Oddly the human couldn't remember how the eerie dolls came into being. 
Without warning the house began to rumble and shake. What's happening? They Teetered to keep their balance. What's the enenra doing? Daring to glance back at the doorway. Seeing the curtains eerily begin to flow. Just as the enenra's hands reached inward. Digging into each side of the doorway. Tearing great handfuls of wall away. Creaking and groaning as it went. In a matter of seconds the smoky beast was pouring into the chamber. 
Bam! came a sound from behind them. Bam! The self destructive panotti were slamming against windows. Another exit blocked. Certain the only way out now was through the enenra. Glass shattered behind them. The panotti had broke inside. It was now or never. The human ran recklessly towards the enenra. Hoping to slide underneath them. However the enenra seized the humans leg. While the lop eared creatures grabbed both arms. In tug of war. A fear like none other filled them inside. Shrieking to the only one who could help them now, "Eidolon!" They cried, "Eidolon!" There was no escape from this point. The winner will only be death. Delirium was almost instantaneous. As the distant sound of chanting echoed through the chamber. Echoing the name Hadge over and over. Until fear escaped like a white light. Somewhere there was a howl. "What was that?" The human found it hard to remember. Thickened by the thoughts that they must be dead. "No." They reasoned, "I can hear." Sighing, "Ah, Eidolon...Is this the beginning or the end?"

Chapter 2: Lost 

An all consuming howl filled the vortex. The darkness its constant companion. Stirring in the smell of sulfur. Stout enough to taste the bitterness on the tongue. Round and round it went. The wind bending all to its touch. Touching all the things it has taken. From demons to monsters, to hairy ones crying to one another. Where hath the night creatures taken to dwell. "Eidolon!" The human screeched, "What have I done?" Their words falling on deaf ear, "I am no beast..." Haunting questions assailed the mind, "Then who are you?" Still hissing, "Why are you here?" Hardly able to answer, "I just wanted to go home." The word home struck a chord. Nonetheless nothing took precedence over the agony. Feeling as if they were being torn apart from the inside. The entire body tingling with pain. To the point it could not be endured any longer. "All mighty Eidolon. Please help me." The human cried, "Please... it hurts." Begging for release. At this moment life or death meant nothing. Just as long as the pain was gone. Still the pain persisted. As if a lightning bolt were separating every limb. Every nerve burning to a crisp. How can I possibly survive? Growing weaker with each passing second. "Eidolon..." They sighed. Did he even care? Pain churning into resentment. How could Eidolon let his flock suffer? How will I ever get back home? To my family? Mom, Papa, Gr... Bobbee. Hearing an echo from the past, "Nil!" It was the name Bobbee called them. The name began to fade once more. All they could feel is the pain. Weeping silently. Until they'd completely gone limp as a rag doll. Unable to fight anymore. Not sure how long they sunk in the whirlwind. Even the sound had gone deathly quiet. There was no taste, no smell. Every sense gone. Just how long had it been since they felt the tumbling of the vortex? 
Soon realizing their body wasn't moving anymore. It had settled on what must be ground. Be that as it may the pain was gone. More or less numb, but gone. Just like waking up dead. The body as heavy as a sack full of stones. Still too exhausted to even move. They sighed, I can't... Realizing they hadn't uttered a word. All they could do is lay there. Trapped within their own mind. At first dense and dark. Until the fog began to clear, and memories snapped back into place. Feeling a breath across their lips, "I..." Suddenly certain of one thing. I am Hadlin. Thrilled to remember. I am nine. I am a boy. I live in Boding with my family. Then a sobering thought came flooding back, "Their all gone..." Whimpering, "All dead..." Even as terrible images filled his mind. Images as clear as if he'd been there. Still the question remained, Who would want to kill my family? All at once the strange ooze covered figure popped to mind. Then there was the panotti who attacked him time and again. At last it could've been an enenra? 
The sounds of the enenra still fresh in his mind. He could almost imagine it. The way the wind blew, or the sounds of branches creaking. Roughly rumbling around him. No his mind froze. He could actually feel the rumble. It sounded very much like a real storm. That's when he heard the crackle in the air. Followed by his hair standing on end. Sluggish thoughts telling him to move. Move now! Signs indicating lightning may strike. Hadlins eyes flew open to the same inky darkness. Unable to see a hand before his face. However he had enough gumption to roll from the spot. Rolling over and over. Until he was on top of some strange slick material. Just in time to avoid a bolt of lighting. The lightning struck the spot where he'd lain. Although he didn't escape it entirely. Feeling a slight tingle throughout his limbs. It hit with a blinding light. So bright it looked like midday. Midday on a sunny afternoon. 
Everywhere was nothing but junk. Strange discarded items. Items made of metal, and others made of bendable wood. Though he was sure it was not wood. Even as his hand rubbed the slick object beneath him. It was slicker than a washing ball. Seeing his hands were still covered in the ooze. Hadlin looked up from the slick material. Hill after hill of nothing but strange things. What happened to Canaan? No sooner than the lightning began, it was gone. However a curious glow radiated from beneath the objects. In turn lighting various objects scattered throughout the nearby hills. Objects unlike anything Hadlin had ever seen. Small glowing round objects no bigger than a fist. Round items that kept ringing. Flat square things that made hissing noises. One sounding as if voices were coming from it. It kept repeating the word, "Hadge..." Hadlin stood spouting, "What kind of magic is this?" Declaring, "This place is surely Satan's work." 
Then something fell behind him. Turning just in time to see one of the khadaver dolls. Where had it come from? Then everything was plunged back into blackness. Hadlin groped for the doll in the darkness. Nonetheless he couldn't find it. Certain it was right there. Then lightning struck several hills away. Giving him enough light to see there was no doll. Could he have been seeing things? He stumbled backwards down the hill. Wanting nothing more than to get away from this terrible place. 
Meanwhile lightning danced from hill to hill. Occasionally dropping some new object to one hill or another. Such as strings of colored balls landing on a dead tree. Which stayed alight several moments after the lightning had passed. Lightning struck the hill behind him. Hadlin nervously glanced back. Glad he wasn't still on that hill. Just as something fell from the sky. It appeared to be a body. Hitting the pile hard. Could they have survived? Well he had, so why not. Hadlin had to help them. By that time the lightning was gone. The afterglow wouldn't last for long. He hurried from one hill to the next. Seeing a blonde haired woman. He asked, "Are you alright?" No answer. However a small shadow moved behind her. Just as her stiff body rolled down the hillside. During which her head detached from her body. The head came to a stop at Hadlin's feet. Its hair several feet away. Huge flat eyes stared up at him. "Ahhhhhh!" He stumbled backwards, exclaiming, "What in Canaan is that?" Whatever it was, it wasn't a real person. 
He was engulfed by the darkness once more. Too frightened to move. Hearing the debris shift further up the hill. Surely as if someone, or something were walking over it. His mind focusing on the small shadow that had moved behind the woman. It had to be a panotti. Though it sounded as if it were alone. Alone or not he wanted nothing to do with the beast. Right now he needed to put as much distance as he could between them. Crawling back the way he'd came. Still feeling his skin crawl from the look on that face. What was that thing? That's when he realized the sound had stopped. What was the panotti up to now? He strained to listen. However still no noise. Finally he made it to the top of the hill. 
All at once lightning streaked across the sky. Larger, and brighter than anything before it. Just as the dense black clouds opened up, and something fell through. Something large and heavy. The ground shook as it hit. It looked like a khadaver tree. Even as he hopefully whispered, "Home." Although his mind reminded him that could be any khadaver tree. He had to find out. His thoughts briefly thinking about the panotti. Deciding it could follow him if it wanted. Nonetheless he sought to go home. Walking and climbing light or dark. Again lighting struck. Oddly enough the strike hit the path behind him. Hadlin almost getting the feeling that its following him. It had to be his imagination. Then kept heading towards the khadaver tree. 
The landscape of debris changing from hill to hill. Sometimes it was easy to maneuver, and other times not. This hill in particular seemed quite challenging. The dark did nothing to help the matter. Soon finding it much too difficult to walk. Let alone stay upright. Each step the debris moved beneath him. Slipping and sliding against each other. Unlike anything he'd encountered before. What was under his feet? That's when he heard the pops and crackling again. He had to move. Even as he desperately tried to climb the hill. Object after object shifting under his weight. Shortly after he'd reached the top lightning struck. Striking the base of the hill. The entire hill shifted knocking him on his behind. Thence hundreds of cries twisted the silence. Cries of babies coming from every direction. Throughout the pile underneath him had began to move. "What the..." Hadlin crawled several feet back. What was going on? Seeing a tiny arm under his hand. Horrified he jumped upright. All along he'd been standing on a mound of babies, or what was left of them. Eyes blackened, limbs missing, some missing heads. Their skin looked shiny as pebbles. "Oh my Eidolon." He gasped out in horror. "Those can't be real babies..." Aghast he kept backing away. Just the same the babies were everywhere he turned. 
Then he was plunged back into the blackness. His balance thrown off kilter. Landing half on his side. Even as he slid partly down the hill, yelling, "NOoooo!!!" All along tiny hands were everywhere. Every one touching his body. Straight away he was up screaming. Hopping like a madman in the dark. Hadlin didn't know where he was going, nor did he care. He just needed to get away from this place. Certain he would get beyond the hill soon. His hands and feet struggling against the unknown objects beneath. Then his foot got caught on something. Hadlin tried and tried to jerk it free. Each jerk harder then the next. Until he toppled backwards. Upon impact he could hear the pop and crackling. Nonetheless he had no time to react. Just as lightning struck the center of the hill. Illuminating numerous hills around him. All covered in babies. The babies began to wail once more. Moving arms, legs, turning heads, and blinking. One to his left said, "Mama..." Just as he thought he'd seen a small shadow run behind a tree. His mind imagining it was one of those creepy babies. Hadlin rubbed his eyes. Convinced his eyes were playing tricks on him. It had to be the panotti. However it was too late. The shadow was gone. Amid the chaos he realized his foot had been freed. Almost as if something had released him. Hadlins thoughts returned to the panotti. Was it them? Even as his eyesight stopped on the hands near his foot. A shiver ran down his spine. Because now he was uncertain of who or what was really out there. Could those babies really be alive? All he really knew was this place was dangerous. He needed to get home. 
Hadlin jumped to his feet. Trying to locate the khadaver tree once more. Catching a glimpse of it just before he was enclosed in the darkness. Telling himself to keep moving. Before long he noticed the subtle sounds of something moving behind him. Something's roaming among the debris. Hadlin jerked his head around as if he could see. What is that? Did it really matter what it was? The only thing that mattered is that it is moving in his direction. "Eidolon please help me." He prayed. "Make it go away." While his mind shrieked for him to run! Running was the clear victor. Trying his best to stay ahead of the noise. His heart racing every step of the way. Pops and crackles filled the air behind him. Without delay he dove from the spot. Landing face down on the horrifying babies. In the next instant the lightning had lit everything up. Followed closely by the sounds of the babies coming alive. That's when he realized he was face to face with a hideous red haired baby. It rocked back and forth. Back and forth laughing. Its haunting laugh quickly turning into something demonic. Hadlin was screaming, "Ahhhhh!" Instinctively his hands grasped at the ground. Trying to find anything to use as a weapon. Keeping his eyes on the demon child. Only glimpsing the object just before he was going to throw it. Agh, yech, yech. It was a cold stony leg. The leg was dropped before hitting the laughing menace. Hadlin shook his hand trying to rid himself of any disease. Even as he tried to crawl away from the evil baby. No sooner than he was upright, and all had gone dark. Then at last the sounds of the babies died away. Still he tried to wrap his head around what was happening. They looked like babies. But he didn't think they were babies at all. Seeming more like the khadaver dolls than anything real. Could they be some kind of dolls? Dolls from another place? After all lots of strange things seemed to end up here. He came to the conclusion the dolls had to be harmless. As harmless as the dead trees. Except for whatever made the shadow. Hadlin was still betting it had to be a panotti. It was odd that only one made it here. As a matter of fact where is here? Did the enenra bring everything here? Could here be nothing more than a nightmare? Sure he would be chasing after those answers. Much like the monsters chased after him. 
It had been oddly quiet for sometime. Then eerily a single cry came from off in the distance. The cry coming from the direction of the khadaver tree. It didn't sound like the other cries. The cry sounded otherworldly. Making the hair stand up on his neck. "Oh no..." He retreated from the direction of the sound, "We are going this way." This way meaning the opposite direction of anything scary. How would he get to the khadaver tree now? Propelling himself away from the crying. His progress hindered by the constant darkness. Hearing the cries slowly fading. Deep down a nagging voice kept saying, what if its a real baby? What if it needs my help? His mind maintained, "I'm not going back there." He climbed over bizarre furniture, metal things with wheels, and jars you could see through. Never in all his life had he seen any of the strange things. Things with next to no importance compared to home. Certain the tree had vanished from sight by now. Still he kept moving. If he stopped the terrifying thing out there would find him. Soon he wouldn't be able to keep the pace. He was getting tired. Though whatever was following didn't seem to have the same problem. He wanted to believe that whatever was out there was benevolent. However deep down he knew it had to be evil. Evil that never stops. 
All at once he heard movements from several directions around him. There were two. Whatever was out there was trying to surround him. He continued to grope the darkness ahead of him. Hearing a peculiar laughter echo from behind him. He was past exhaustion. Nonetheless he couldn't stop. Then the rubbish sharply started to descend. He fought to stay upright. Hearing the sounds of laughter mere feet from him. He gasped out loud. Then defensively swung his arms around him, yelling, "Leave me alone!" Hoping Eidolon would help him. But all he got was a evil laughter in return. Unexpectedly the hill ended. He stopped in his tracks. Feeling as if he were teetering on the edge. Not knowing what to do now. In the distance lighting streaked across the sky. That vein of light beheld what was before him. There was nothing but emptiness ahead. No land, no rubbish, just a chasm of blackness. Before he could think any further he was shoved over the edge. Grasping at anything on his way down. Coming up short to find something to break his fall. All the while laughter echoed around him. Then he hit the ground below. Landing flat on his back amid rocky terrain. 
Open your eyes, so you may see. It was a whisper or a thought, but he did as he was told. Hadlin opened his eyes. As specks of glowing dust arose up all around him. Like tiny fairies dancing on his grave. So beautiful to behold. Soon the fairy dust faded into obscurity. Then he was left staring up into the blackness from which he fell. Someone pushed him. Lightning struck somewhere on the landmass above. The light revealing his treacherous journey. Seeing the curling overhang high above him. Precariously debris barely clung to its surface. Withal his eyes were drawn to several figures standing on the overhang. From this distance and distortion of light he could not judge size. They turned and vanished from sight. Surely as if his fate was already sealed with death. He was quite convinced they may be right. Seeing that he felt nothing. Convinced his body had to be broken in several places. He would die here, frightened and alone. Tearfully he prayed to Eidolon, "Help me..." It was becoming too much effort to even hold his head straight. So he wearily supported one cheek against the ground. Somewhat wiping at his blurry eyes. That's when he noticed random orbs of light. Tiny glowing orbs scattered across the landscape. Each growing from a network of stems. Some kind of strange bioluminescent plants. Certain they must grow everywhere here. Fascinated his fingers nudged a plant close by. Instantly it sent numerous glowing seeds up into the air. Watching the fairy like puffs float about. Until their glow had went out. 
Chillingly he heard the laughter once again. It was close. He had thought they left him to die. He was so wrong. Hearing movement getting closer. He panicked knowing he had no way to defend himself. Forcing his arm to pick several of the glowing flowers for light. He held them wearily in the direction of the laughing, shouting, "Leave me alone!" Seeing the weeds rustle not too far away. He flinched yelling once more, "Don't come near me!" A shadow darted behind him just out of sight. He desperately twisted trying to keep his eyes on it. Just as he heard a breath blowing. The sound coming from the direction he'd once been looking. Turning just in time to see the flower heads dispersing into air. The glow from the fairy seedlings alit a face. Its stony contours masked mostly by darkness. Hadlin shrieked, "Noooooooo!" Sure they planned to kill him. 
Surprisingly larger footsteps were upon him. Even as thousands of the glowing seeds were everywhere. Aghast he turned just in time to see a white haired figure. It lumbered up next to him. At the same time he heard the smaller creatures run away. The white haired figure bent over him sniffing. She looked beautiful. On the other hand her strange behavior left much to be desired. Still he wondered if he stunk. Nonetheless he thankfully sighed, "I thought I was going to die out here." Subsequently the seedlings glow started to fade. He blinked, and the woman's face became much clearer. It was a wrinkled old hag. Clad in soiled rags, and half grinning down at him. At that moment he couldn't help but wonder what she wanted with him. Her unnerving grin revealing blackened gums, and one tooth. She kept her attention focused on him. However her sole eye socket nested a darkened void. Despite the fact she had no eye, her senses were quite keen. Even as she took another whiff of him. Much like sampling the fare. The hag made a sound of delight, "Mmmmmm..." His first reaction was to snarl, "You're mad!" All the same he knew what that implied. He was still too weak to fight. So he hopelessly conceded to the old hag. Hoping he would get a better chance. She grabbed him by the ankle with her claws. "No!" He couldn't help but scream, "Nooooooooo..." His arms and legs as lifeless as trailing rope. Powerlessly he was being dragged off. To only Eidolon knew where. Glad he was still numb, or the pain in his backside would've been unbearable. However his throat had to be raw from screaming. Regardless the hag didn't seem to notice, or didn't even care. Hadlin pleaded with Eidolon, "Help..." breathing, "Me..." Still help did not come. He was dragged over a large rock. Hitting the ground next to it with a hard, "Unf..." His head wearily fell to one side. Much like a rag doll. Just as the shape of a small face peered in his direction. Peering from behind the nearby glowing plants. As if it were keeping pace with him. Then it was gone. Was it really there? If so, what was it? Unsure if it were a panotti, or not. He could not think. Wanting nothing more than all these horrors to end. "Please let it end..." He begged Eidolon. Then began to weep. The hag dragged him higher and higher. Following the slope of a rocky ridge. Towards a cave that looked like a yawning monster. Even as rocks created stairs inward. On its way to the sallow glow inside. Hadlin had no doubts that if he went inside he would never come out. The closer the entrance the more he struggled. Until the hag kicked him in the head. He was knocked senseless, and his struggling ended.
The next thing he knew was being tossed upon a huge flat stone. All the while little by little his acuity reawakened. Foremost in the process was a musty and putrid smell filling his nostrils. Next he could hear several hoarse female voices mumbling somewhere close. Sluggishly his sight followed. Even as the rocky ceiling above him danced in the firelight. Revealing three humanly shadows in the cave with him. His mind conjuring up images of a witch living in the woods near his home. What was her name? Lillitu he thought. Then one of the witches began to speak. Her voice growing louder with each step, "Wha hav ye foun Dei?" A lower voice eagerly cracked, "A boy." The witches shadows started to move closer. However was halted by a much smaller shadow darting between their feet. Each turning and hissing at the rodent, "Beas..." Another spat, "kurst thans!" Most importantly for a time they forgot he was even there. He forced himself to look at them. Three old hags with white hair and pale wrinkled skin. His mind dimly reminded of the Graeae. Sisters of fate sharing one eye, and one tooth. How he knew this he had no idea. 
The cave upheld his idea of what a witches cave would look like. Bones, torches, and spiders everywhere you looked. Rock formations used as tables. Covered in books, candles, and jars filled with body parts. Not far from the stone he lain upon was a cauldron sunk in the floor. The liquid bubbled a dark greenish tint. While the remains of unlucky travelers churned in the pot. He was startled back to reality hearing a voice crack, "A boy Enyo." His eyes moved just in time to see the taller Witch Enyo lumber towards him. She held the eye in his direction making an indefinable noise just before speaking, "Do ye kno wha tis is?" Then just as quickly waved her empty hand saying, "Tak im back." The other two moaned, "Noooooo..." The shorter hag with one tooth named Dei stepped closer poking his stomach, cooing, "Bu he smel so tastee." The nameless sister hastily stepped up with a jagged blade, saying, "Les cook im." He shrieked, "Noooooooo!" Then Enyo stated, "He doez look tendr." The nameless sister fought for control of the eye, crying out, "Le me cee!" Enyo jerked the eye away. She then agreed, "Les eat im." For a moment she tarried over her decision. But only for a moment. To everyone's shock the room began to crackle. The taller sister bellowing, "It a warnen!" Even as the three hags hurried to move away from him. However he hadn't the power to move. All he could do is shut his eyes and pray to Eidolon. 
Then the Lightning oddly appeared from the ceiling of the cave. It protectively engulfed him. In that same instance a portal opened up and a book dropped on his chest. It took him several seconds to realize he wasn't dead. Seeing that the lightning had also hurled the hags to the other side of the cave. Even as the witches blade somehow landed squarely into the book. Blood oozed from the book. It splattered all over him. He was revolted. Yet strangely he felt revived. Hearing what he thought were whispers. He turned to see if the hags were whispering. But it clearly wasn't them. The whispers grew louder. He shouted, "Who's talking?" The whispers formed a word, "Hadge." He looked from side to side confused. "Where are you?" He huffed, "Who is this Hadge?" The whispers persistently spoke around him. "Can he hear us?" One voice whispered, "Of course he can." That's when he realized the sounds were coming from the book. Terrified he wanted to throw the thing. However grasped the fact that the book had done nothing but help him. Then he smiled to himself. All knowing that Eidolon had sent this gift to help him. He sat upright. In that motion the blade dislodged and fell to the floor. Then he opened the book. Even as the fiery blue pages turned before him whispering, "Hadge..." He had to ask, "How can you talk?" The book ignored his question, and urgently called out to him, "Get up..." He did as he was told. Amazingly he felt anew, asking, "What's going on?" 
That's when he heard the hoarse voices of the old hags, "Hadj..." Enyo growled, "I tol ye ta tak im bak." The hags were on their feet moving towards him now. But halted suddenly murmuring about fate and the book. He couldn't help but think they were planning something. Several voices whispered from the book, "They are afraid of the book." Straight away he held the book out like a weapon, yelling, "Don't move any closer!" The hags remained still, looking rather wary. The book continued to whisper, "Only the Hadge can touch the book." Who is this Hadge they keep talking about? He was distressed since none of his questions were being answered. Seemingly shouting out to thin air, "Stop!" His louder voice interrupting the whispers, "Why am I even here?" The whispers claimed, "They know." His eyes angrily darted towards the hags. Then he shook the book at them, yelling, "Tell me where I am!" He huffed louder, "How do I get home?" They shrank backwards, as the one with the eye focused on the book, answering, "Tis is de crak tween worldz." Smugly hissing "Wear all tha is los, is los forevr." The whispers all saying in unison, "Deceiver." He took a step forward screeching, "Liar!" Shaking the book at them, "How do I get out of this place?" The nameless hag jerked the eye away exclaiming, "Wai!" She snorted, "der is a way." Immediately he ordered, "Tell me." The toothy Dei snatched away the eye, blasting over that single tooth, "It wil shartn ye lyf." She withheld the others from taking the eye as she cackled, "kin ye evn trus us?" Truthfully he knew he couldn't trust them. But he had no choice. The book whispered, "Be careful." He looked at the sneering hag demanding to know, "How?" Then one of the other hags seized the eye, stating, "Ech lyf is jus nothr tread in da weav of existnz. Evn a smll piec of dat tread kin chan ye fate." She stressed, "But de choiz is yez." The book whispered, "Only the moirae can change a man's fate." As the whispers grew louder, "Don't listen to them." He started to dispute the fact's about fate. Until the toothy grin of Dei informed him, "Ye kin shartn dat tread n ywz de powr ta go hom." Oblivious of all else he echoed his wandering thoughts, "Home..." Barely hearing one of the witches say, "Book dwn n I tl ye." Even as the book urgently whispered a resounding, "Nooooooooo!" 
However all was lost to the noise of rocks pelting the three hags. As the rocks bounced back and hit the cave floor. The hags fell against each other and dropped the eye. Just as something ran between them snatching it up. Every one of them began screaming, "Da eye!" Continuing to wail, "Giv me da eye." As he stood watching the blur of something scurry into an opening. An opening in the rock no bigger than a rabbits hole. He was still undecided on what he'd actually seen. Enyo arose looking in the direction the rodent had gone, hissing a name, "Robrt..." Her nameless sister howled, "Kurst dlz." Dei toothily corrected, "Tis Annbell." The taller sister shoved the toothy sister to the cave floor. Then looked towards him pleading, "Plea we nee de eye." Hadlin laughed, "I'm small. But not that small." The nameless sister took a step forward stating, "De tread kin git ye n." The book grew louder, "No!" Momentarily he looked confused asking, "How can it get me home and into a small hole?" The nameless sister assured, "It kin." He decided to barter, "If you help me get home I will get the eye for you." The book protested, "You can't do this." complaining, "You can't trust them." The three witches hardily agreed to the terms. 
Swiftly the toothy sister set a dirty black box on the floor in front of him, stating, "Da bx of wishz." Strange but he'd heard of a box of wishes before. Its a magical device made out of khadaver trees. The box can give whoever reaches inside whatever they wish for. However it is limited to something that will fit into the palm of your hand, and only lasts a few moments. He also knew the only thing that could cut the threads of fate were abhorred shears. The nameless sister started to speak. But he held out a interjecting hand, telling her, "I know. I know." He exhaled, "I need abhorred shears." They all three nodded hopefully. It was hard to say if it were in hopes of getting the eye back, or something completely different. While hundreds of voices from the book kept whispering, "No..." He ignored it all. Then knelt down to the web covered wishing box. Thereupon he slipped his hand inside the dark hole, and wished really hard for a pair of abhorred shears. Soon he felt the weight of the shears in his hand. Quickly extracting them. Black as coal with an iridescent shine. Each delicate lacey half coiled into a double helix. Yet all his mind could concentrate on was, "How long until they vanish?" The nameless hag pushed his hand towards his stomach. The book shouting, "Stop!" Already a golden thread flowed out of his core. Shakily his hand moved the shears closer to the thread. The book still shouting, "Don't do this!" While the antsy old hags repeated over and over, "Cut it." All the same he was persuaded this was his only option. He thought of home and moved the shears over the shimmering thread. Having every intention of only cutting a small amount. All at once the hags ran in his direction. Hitting his arm. Startled he had lopped off several inches. Thusly the shears and book were knocked from his hands. The shears vanishing in mid-air, and the book landing at his feet. However the thread was wrapped around his fingers. Even as he was shrieking at the old hags, "Nooooo!" The three hags were cackling and at the same time telling him it was an accident. The book whispered angrily, "It was no accident." Several voices added, "They are up to something." He didn't need the book to tell him that. Nonetheless for now he still needed their help to get home, and they needed his. Warily reaching down to pick up the book. It was clear the old hags were focusing on the thread in his hand. But why? What was so important with this thread? 
The toothy witch haltingly crept forward offering, as her clawed hand cautiously reached for the thread, "I kin weev it for ye." The book whispering, "Don't give it to her!" He folded the thread within his fist, and jerked his arm backwards, "No!" He snapped, "I can do it myself." The taller witch started to dispute the fact, "Ye don kno how." He spat at the witches, "Tell me, or no eye." The nameless old hag croaked grudgingly, "Dokuma." Then the three witches gathered in a huddle not far from where he was standing. Surely as if they were working on their next new plan. He opened up his hand before him. Seeing the golden thread curled in his palm. Thereupon whispered the magic word in his hand, "Dokuma..." The end of the thread transformed into a tiny golden needle. That needle gracefully flew back and forth. Much like a hummingbird. Until the thread weaved into a shimmering golden fabric. At that time the needle disappeared, and the gold fabric materialized onto his form. The book whispered, "It has big pockets." However he was too amazed watching the fabric change colors like a chameleon. Going through every color in the rainbow until it settled on rocky gray. He couldn't help but recall some vague nightmare about wearing a fabric like this. 
The three old hags grew impatient, clamoring, "De eye...De eye." He ignored the witches. Then the book piped up again, "Don't trust them." Truthfully he was tired of all the noise. So he shoved the book in his pocket. The book fell somewhere deep inside. But more importantly it muffled the whispering. While the din of the witches sounded on and on. "De eye." He didn't bother to ask how to use the threads of fate. Because it had been shown to him in a dream long ago. Thereupon he began to hear faint pops and crackles. Positive the lightning would appear again. Although he was starting to think it was following him. But that would be ridiculous. Because that's not how lightning worked. He could hardly stand around worrying over something he had no control over. Right now he needed to get that eye so he can go home. 
All things considered he walked up to the rock wall. Then placed his hands upon the cold stone. Unsure how thick the rock would be beyond where he now stood. Knowing he must be able to pass easily through the solid structure. At that point he began to concentrate on the stone. Mind over matter. Slowly starting to feel the fabric lightly pulsate around him. Almost as if he were nothing at all. At that time he pushed against the wall, and his arms fell within. Shortly the rest of his body came next. It was completely dark inside. He couldn't tell if he were in the middle of a rock, or in an open cave. Bending down trying to find the rabbit hole. Wishing he could see something. Suddenly the fabric glowed all around him. Since he was invisible it was as if the glow were a natural thing. Now he was able to see short distances. Soon discovering the inside of the cavern was half his size. He would have to crawl. Crawling through a cave system that turned this way and that. Finding some turns leading to dead ends. That's when he noticed whispering. Hearing the name Hadge. Irritated he held the pocket closed. Thinking it was the book. But the whispering kept growing louder. Something was said about the old hags. Then as he turned the corner he heard one say, the book. What about the book? His mind howling, rodents don't talk. He must be dealing with something else. Even as his thoughts returned to the horrifying dolls outside. Headlong he nearly walked into numerous figures clustered on the ground. In the midst of a conversation, "Go for the legs." One of the figures jumped upright. To his horror it was definitely a doll. A khadaver doll. It had heard him stop suddenly, asking, "Did you hear that Robert?" Hadlins heart started to pound. He was frozen with fear. Can they see me? Robert arose looking with his black beady eyes in his direction, saying, "I don't see anything." Hadlin breathed a sigh of relief. They can't see him after all. One of the other dolls asked, "Do you hear that Annabelle?" Annabelle stood looking directly his way. She had a freakishly twisted smile, and two triangular eyes. Instantly his mind wandered back to the carved Khadaver dolls in his room. Annabelle, Robert, Harold, Emilia, Rife, Joliet, Pupa, Egdah, Bebe, and Caroline It all made sense. But how can they be alive? His attention was drawn back to Annabelle's unsure voice, "Is that breathing?" Robert shrieked, "He's here!" Yelling louder, "Run!" Oddly they didn't even bother to grab the eye they had stole. Each running off in different directions. Hadlin picked up the eye. Now all he could hear was silence broken by the crackling in the air. The sounds louder than before. He had to get back. Seeing that he didn't want to be trapped here when the lightning actually hit. 
He made his way out of the tiny cavern. Stepping through the rock wall, and back into the witches cave. He was never so glad in his life to be out of such cramped space. On the other hand where did those evil dolls go? He didn't have time to think on the matter of the dolls. Since almost immediately the three old hags ran at him, clamoring, "De eye." Clawing at him, "Giv me de eye." The eye was jerked from his palm. Even as the toothy one named Dei grabbed his arm, exclaiming, "Now we kin cook im." Then started to drag him towards the cauldron in the middle of the cave floor. Hadlin shrieked, "Nooooo!" He should've known they wouldn't live up to their part of the bargain. Even as he tried to fight against the hags. Pleading out loud to Eidolon, "Help me!" Unexpectedly there was a boom of thunder, and another. As the ground beneath them vibrated. Then the room began to pop and crack even louder. He just knew that any moment the lightning was going to strike. They had to move, and move out of the way now. Unguided his vision leveled to the witches shadows lurching him athwart the room. Just as he noticed smaller shadows gathered around the wishing box. What were the khadaver dolls doing? Without warning the smaller shadows joined the conflict between him and the witches. Now he not only had to worry about the hags, he had to worry about the dolls too. If only he could hide away. The fabric began to vibrate until he was nothing once more. Seeing that all he had to do was slip from the witches grasp. The toothy witch shouting, "He scap." Another hissing, "De tread wa a bad ide." Enyo shrilling, "Fin im!" 
At that time he reappeared near the entrance of the cave. Pop went the electricity in the air. He saw the dolls stabbing the witches feet and legs. Then one of the dolls spotted him, yelling, "He's there!" Hadlin wasted no time dashing out of the cave. Then down the uneven slope. As the glowing taraxacum flowers scattered seeds behind him. Crackle, pop the air was becoming quite unstable. He hadn't gotten very far. But he had to know if he was still being followed. Crackle, pop. He turned just in time to see the khadaver dolls leap at him. CRACKLE! Hadlin couldn't move. Then lightning struck. Thusly the lightning coursed through every inch of his body. Burning every sense and nerve. Likewise the taraxacum flowers grew blindingly bright. So blinded all that he could see was white. Until the white flickered to achromatic, and he was left with nothing. But an otherworldly laughing din, “Oh shit kid, you’re not even real.”


Chapter 3:  Nightmarish… 

There is a darkness that hides in the night, like all monstrous things just out of sight. Its just a nightmare you start to shake, still it comes for you asleep or awake. The unnerving words had tumbled right into place. 
In the midst of landing on a hard surface. Thinking nothing other than, "Where am I?" And, "What's going on?" Until the mind settled on its last clear memory. The khadaver dolls. Hadlin screeched, "Noooooooo!" Scrambling to keep the khadaver dolls at bay. Finding he could not move his arms, nor his legs. Panic coursed throughout his body. "What's going on? Why can't I move?" During which his eyes shot open. Just barely making out branches carved into a sloping ceiling. The light was dreadful. However he had enough sense to know he was no longer in the land of the lost. It must've been a dream. He would've much rather been dreaming about something else. 
Bam! He looked at the knothole window half expecting to see a panotti. Nevertheless nothing was there. By that time his eyesight had adjusted to the sallow light. He found himself in a semicircle room. His bedroom. It appeared he'd fallen out of bed. His arms and legs wrapped in a blanket. Hadlin sighed with relief, "It was only a nightmare." Home safe and sound. Bam! He nearly jumped out of his skin again. Turning just in time to see the last khadaver doll hit the floor. In fact the floor was littered with all sorts of debris. Although the falling dolls explained away his nightmare. Nonetheless it didn't explain how everything ended up on the floor. His eyes grew large asking Eidolon, "What happened?" Scanning the poorly lit room. Hadlins eyes stopped under the bed. As clumps of dust bunnies had collected there. Certain he was safe and sound now. Whispering, "I'm home." Then he remembered his mother scolding him, "Hadlin get to bed, or the babasova will come spirit you away." He was self-assured there is no such thing as a babasova. A beast man that takes bad children. Hadlin started to laugh at the thought. Seeing the dust stir up from his breath. Causing something to shift in the darker recesses under the bed. Something larger than a dust bunny. A chill coursed throughout his body. While his mind was shrieking, "What was that?" 
Without warning the ground beneath him began to shake. Then the floor tilted to one side. Everything on the surface began sliding in that direction. His mind screaming, "What is going on?" While desperately trying to unwrap his hands. He'd never felt anything like this, except... "Oh no...It can't be..." His mind refusing to believe it could be an enenra. How else could he explain all this? Still telling himself it was nothing more than a nightmare. All the while the floor kept tilting back and forth. In all the disorder he'd managed to loosen the blanket. Although only enough to grab the leg of his bed. Even as the blanket sandwiched in his palm made it near impossible to keep a hold.
Exactly as something ran from the darkness beneath his bed. Something the size of a rat. However it was no rat. Seeing that it ran on its hind legs. Running towards the curtain covered doorway. As the labored sounds of croaking came from its way. Just as something much larger stepped from out of the darkness. Something half the size of the door. The hairy three foot man stomped on the smaller creature. As the black remains oozed from under its foot. The ooze reassembling into tiny versions of itself. All darting under the curtain. Hadlin couldn't help but gasp. At that moment the dwarf like man looked in Hadlin's direction. However Hadlin couldn't make out any real features. Then just as quickly it too went through the doorway. The billowing curtain the only sign it had been there. Its shadow awkwardly springing out of sight. "What in Canaan was that?" Hadlin could not comprehend what he was seeing. 
Soon thereafter he heard a squeak. One squeak right after another. Hadlin could almost picture the dwarf stomping on the small black creatures. Would it do the same to him? He really didn't want to find out. In spite of his fears he felt his grip slipping away with every tilt of the floor. Certain he would slide right through that curtain if he didn't keep the hold. Still his vision remained set on those curtains. Set on what was on the other side. As an orange glow sieved through the fabric. Many shadows passed athwart the cloth. Surely as if the objects inside adapted the balance with each tilt. Scores of tiny creatures skittered passed. Much more than he thought might be in there. Suddenly the smaller shadows vanished in all directions. The dwarf chasing after them. "What was it doing? Was it eating them? More importantly did it eat people?" Then the floor beneath him jerked again. Even as the dwarfs shadow seemed to stretch higher and higher. Until it was knocked out of sight in a clamor of beats and bangs. However not before Hadlins mind melded the shadow into the sludge covered creature from his nightmare. "No...." He had trouble breathing. That creature had to be the babasova. "But how could that be?" Hadlin had been so certain it wasn't real. Trembling from the inside out he prayed that Eidolon would help him. Whispering over and over, "Wake up!" His voice growing louder each time, "Wake up!" Still he could not wake from this new nightmare. 
At that point the tremors began twisting the structure faster and harder than before. Even as dust and debris shook loose from every crack and crevice. Hadlin could hold on no longer. Beds and all began to shift with the structure. Positive it had to be an enenra. Helplessly he is tumbled back and forth, back and forth. Almost swearing several of those smaller creatures had scurried back into this room. In the midst of it all he'd rolled from out of the confining blanket. Then was slammed against the wall under his out of place bed. As soon as his hands made contact with the khadaver tree it conjured images of the Hadge. Memories of what once was. Who he happened to be. What he was capable of doing. Just as a multitude of debris crowded in around him. In view of that something white jutted straight into his face. To his surprise it was a bone. A human bone. The debris field was littered with countless bones of all sizes. How did he not see them before? Then the eerie words replayed in his head, "The babasova will spirit you away." Suddenly he wasn't so sure this was even Hadlins home. Hadlin or Hadge he was the same person. Even as his eyesight adapted to the dark. Still he knew there had to be more going on than he could remember, but what? The world of Canaan was messed up. "Canaan?" He thought back to a conversation with Churl. "Churl snickered and said, “ Or what?” And dared the divine being, “Kill the key of Canaan?" He was convinced Churl had to be the key of Canaan. What has that evil man done now? Hadlin had the book in his pocket. Now all he needs is Churl. 
Hadlin had no more time to think as he rolled back to the middle of the room. At the time being he had to get out of here, but how? Catching a glimpse of the shadows on the curtain. As several of the small creatures darted by. They had to be shades. Children of the night, children of the Lilitu. Lilu Sumerian spirits. However the dwarfish creature he was uncertain of what it might be. Maybe it was the babasova. Still it lingered in the adjoining room. Back and forth Hadlin was tossed. Each time sliding closer to that damnable curtain. With every sway he'd catch a glimpse of the shades under the hem. All the while his sense of fear growing stronger. How could he defeat the unknown? Feeling each breath growing evermore haggard from fighting the tilt. Why hadn't the enenra just swallowed up the tree by now? Then he wouldn't have to worry about what was in the next room. Somewhere among the confusion the faintest noise could be heard. It was the sound of crying. He was not the only one trapped here. It sounded like another child. Hadlin too was no more than a nine year old boy. What could that creature be doing to them? Then he recalled all the bones, and the answer was clear. Babasova fed on children. Steadily the cries grew louder. Among the cries an ethereal voice was chanting. It too grew louder. Reminding him of the voices from the book. The edge of darkness. Until the noises churned into words. Repeating a child's verse, "There is a darkness that hides in the night, like all monstrous things just out of sight. Its just a nightmare you start to shake, still it comes for you asleep or awake. Nowhere to run or hide, from the night monster always at your side." It was a verse about the babasova. Even having Hadge's knowledge he could never be certain babasova was real, until now. Then the cries distorted into screams. Chill after chill ran up his spine. As the child's screams took precedence over everything. 
Abruptly the floor took a heavy dip towards the doorway. The same doorway where an enenra had torn chunks out of the walls. Hadlin couldn't stop. As the floorboards rippled beneath his backside. Conveying him straight through the opening. During which the curtain slid over his body. Disabling his vision up till he was smack dab in the center of the room. 
The ceiling above him was oozing in blackness. As long thread like stringers dangled from above. That same blackness stained the papered walls, and railings. Right down to the mismatched floorboards. Shades vanished into every dark space. Oddly the furnishings had ran back into place too. There was a huge fireplace opposite the curtained door. The crackling glow from the embers lighting the room orange. While something was cooking in an enormous pot. Two shelves stood on either side of the fireplace. Each filled with jars of eyes, tongues, black ooze and other terrible things. More shelves set on either side of the curtained doorway. A table sat close to the fireplace. It was covered in books, melted candles, and more black ooze. To his left the front door. Then to his right stood a coat rack. The same coat rack from the witch's home on Elysium. What are the odds of two similar coat racks? He could almost bet Churl caused it all. 
Hadlin had scrambled upright against the tilt. Curious where the child had gone. Just as the shadowy furniture settled into their places. However there was no sign of the babasova, or Churl for that matter. Where had the thing gone? Hadlins eyes halted on the front door. It was the only thing that resembled his home. Coming to the conclusion that the monster must've gone out the door. Deep down he wasn't quite so sure of that. Even as his mind couldn't help but echo what he'd just seen, "The furniture had feet." He was amazed, "They were running." They had to be made of magical khadaver trees. Though in all his lifetimes he'd never seen anything made of khadaver wood move on its own. How could this be? The floor began to tilt him back in the direction from which he'd come. While the table and shelves tilted on their legs. Keeping a perfect balance. Never spilling or knocking any jars to the floor. 
Hadlin stumbled against the wall next to the curtained door. As the floral patterns transfigured into hands. The Hands grabbed him. Each hand passing him to the next one over. Hadlin pulled at one of the hands. The hand turned to goo in his palm. Then another hand took its place. What are they? How are they growing back? Then he tried to use his inner light, but nothing happened. What was wrong with him? Why couldn't he use the light? He was helpless to do much of anything. As the hands pulled him towards the shelf. Maybe he could use something on the shelf to combat the hands. Hadlin reached out to grab a jar from the shelf. Just as a hand came out of the wall, and slapped his hand away. Then the shelf took several steps away from the wall. Allowing the hands to continue pulling him towards the wall with the coat rack. Pulling him towards a dark corner. Why is it pulling me here? 
That's when he sees shades dragging themselves from out of the cracks in the floorboards. Each one wriggling around like a newborn calf. All seeming to be searching for something. The floor tilted hard once more. Just as something shifted in the darkness. It was hanging by one of the stringers from the ceiling. It was a body strung by the neck. The bodily fluids dripping right where the shades were growing. Even as something larger fell from the body. Every shade ran for the fallen object. One snatches it up, and takes a bite out of it. Then it was apparent what the object in fact was. A dried up finger. Forthwith knowing why he was being pulled towards this dark corner. Hadlin frantically struggled against the hands. He had no plans on going in that corner. Soon after a stringer snaked its way from the ceiling. Coiling its way above him. Horror raced through his brain. How would he escape this? Praying Eidolon would help him. 
At some point the sounds of a commotion doffed his horrorstricken body. What? Where? The sounds were coming from the coat rack. Just as a boy screamed, "Emme!" Hadlin thought it odd, because it was the name of the girl from his dreams. Straightaway the stringer above moved to the coat rack. Joining several other stringers. Hadlin saw that now was his chance to escape. Redoubling his efforts against the hands. At last they released him. Though he landed squarely amid a pile of children's shoes. Now hearing screams coming from the coat rack. Even as several of the stringers were probing the inside of the mirror. Within seconds the stringers were pulling a child out by his foot. The red haired boy was kicking and screaming. Dressed in a weird red striped shirt. He couldn't have been no more than six or seven. The boy burst into tears. Thereupon childlike laughter came from around the room. Hadlin gave the room a once over, hissing, "Who's there?" Demanding, "Come out where I can see you." There was no answer. The only things seeming out of place were the khadaver dolls. Two of them were sitting on the table covered in black ooze. Eerily the dolls were grinning. Nervously Hadlin wondered if they were like the dolls in his dream? Despite his worries the dolls didn't move. 
Hadlins attention was drawn back to the boy. He was dangling in front of the huge fireplace. Whilst the table scuttled out of the way. In it place shades began to gather. All lingering under the dangling boy. What were they waiting for? Then the boy was slowly being lowered amid the tiny dark creatures. The child started screaming to the top of his lungs. Even as more and more shades gathered below him. Surely as if they were awaiting some feast. "Oh no!" Hadlin was horrified. This can't be happening. He tried to reach the boy before he was lowered to the floor. However the floor tilted in the opposing direction. Preventing him from making it in time. Hadlin could only watch as the shades attack the screaming child. "NO!" Hadlin screamed to the top of his lungs, "Get away from him!"  Before long the screams began to die away. Then the floor tilted towards the boy once again. Seeing that Hadlin was there in a matter of seconds. The shades scattered off, but surely not gone. Still the shades kept trying to attack. Hadlin kept driving them away one right after another. Sadly not soon enough for the red haired boy. Hadlin had gathered the boy in his arms. He cried out loud to Eidolon, "Save him!" That's when he heard a muffled sound. The sound came from the child. He wasn't dead. Hadlin leaned closer. He could hear the muffled warning, "It comes for you asleep or awake." Hadlin surprised to hear a line from the verse, "What?" Asking, "What's coming?" At first he couldn't make out the muted words, "............at your side." Hadlin fretfully glanced at his shadow on the floor. As he was asking again, "What's at my side?" Hearing the faint word, "Monster..." Seeing an even larger shade standing in his shadow. Horrified he kicked the beast hard. Just as it scattered into numerous tiny fragments. Then all the fragments got up and ran back at him. "NOoooooo!" Hadlin shrieked. Kicking furiously at the monsters. Scarcely noticing the bluish light escaping the boy. A light no bigger than a pebble. Hadlin knew exactly what the light was. It was a soul. Then the boys body exhaled into death. 
Thereupon the light fell to the floor. Just as the floor tilted once more. The light was caught fully in the tilt, and rolled under the coat rack. Hadlin had leapt out to catch it, but it was too late. He too skidded across the floor on his stomach. His hand halting under the coat rack. Gathering a handful of lint along with the boys soul. Even as a ethereal voice came from his hand. It was repeating the child's verse, "There is a darkness that hides in the night, like all monstrous things just out of sight. Its just a nightmare you start to shake, still it comes for you asleep or awake. Nowhere to run or hide, from the night monster always at your side." Hadlin couldn't believe what he was hearing, "What?" Jerking his hand out from the dark space. Slowly revealing the ball of fuzz infused with the boys soul. It had one red fiber across its head, and black beady eyes. The dust bunny trembled in his hand. Incredibly the dust bunny was alive. But how? This whole room was filled with anomalies. Only Eidolon can give life. Even knowing that, this creature was alive in his hand. Hadlin whispered, "Don't be afraid." He stroked the dust bunny and started to say, "Whatsit..." Realizing he didn't know the boys name, "You need a name." The fuzz ball still looked worried. Hadlin tried to laugh it off, uttering incoherently, "What?..not." Then repeated it faster, "Whatnot." That was a suitable name. "I will call you Whatnot." 
Without warning something hit the floor hard. Hadlin looked up from Whatnot. All he could see were the ghostly amber sparks wafting about the room. Just like in his dream. He half expected babasova to be standing at the door covered in ooze. However the body hanging in the corner rapt his attention. What in the world? It wasn't shifting with the tilting floor. Some other force was making it move. Certain it had to be shades. What else could it be? Meanwhile Whatnot wildly yanked at his fingers. The dust bunny acting as if he were afraid. Hadlin tried to assure him, "Its o...k." When another tilt of the floor reeled him towards the hanged man. As he tried to keep Whatnot from any further harm. Hadlin landed on his knees with one arm extended outward. Almost too fearful to look at the body. However he had to know what was there. Nearly holding his breath as he looked into the dark space. Something stirred in the shadows. It was half hidden behind the body. Something about the height of that dwarf. Although this was unquestionably no dwarf. Hadlin found he couldn't even move. His mind entranced with the monstrous thing. This had to be the elusive babasova. A gray skinned monster. Wearing blackened old dirty clothes. Babasova shifted to get a better look at Hadlin. Its twisted face set with bulbous eyes. Then it gave him an almost sinister lopsided grin. Hadlin started to turn and run. Nonetheless a stringer descended from the ceiling above him. At that point the babasova stepped out into sight. Its body growing taller with each passing second. Much like a bellow expanding with air. Hadlin had heard stories of the babasova. Each story described the monster rather different. However several features remained the same. It was always tall and dark. Hadlin yanked at the stringer close to his neck with one hand. Then squeezed Whatnot tighter in the other. Hearing Whatnot's voice clamor for him to run. Unsure if he should be more afraid of the stringer, or the babasova. At that very moment the monster reached for him. Hadlin wasn't going quietly. Even as he wrapped the stringer around the monsters arm. 
Abruptly the room stopped tilting. Then the front door burst open. Hadlins first thoughts were to make a run for it. Still and all his mind was changed in an instance. That instance arrived on the doorstep with two more babasova's. Of course there had to be more than one. Each of the monsters looked rather different. One male, one female. Thank Eidolon that he didn't run straight into those monsters. Hadlin nearly forgot the monster next to him. Even as he made a run for it. All three monsters were after him. He dove under the table, and ended up on the other side. Standing in front of the fireplace. The glow from the fireplace casting eerie shadows of the beings on the opposite wall. Each shadow looking no different than the other. Nevertheless the monsters evidently had to be singular creatures. The two creatures from the door blocked his escape outside. That's when Hadlin remembered the coat rack. It was an exit to another place. Who knows where. Should he dare take the risk? Oddly it was as if the third monster had read his mind. Blocking his way to the coat rack. Then it gave him that weird lopsided grin. In that moment one of the other creatures at the door ran at him. Queerly the monster blocking the coat rack ran at the same time. Hadlin darted back under the table. Watching the two monsters run into each other. All at once the room began to tilt again. The tremor sent both monsters towards the fire. Hadlin had used the table to keep from rolling. Seeing his chance for escape. Hadlin crawled across towards the front door. Unmindful of the third monster. It was standing between him and the door. Then another tremor tilted all towards the door. Even as two of the creatures were pulling at his arms in a tug of war. He was screaming, "NOOOooooo!" While the third creature came at him with that sinister grin. Its mouth stretching wider and wider the closer it got. He was going to be eaten. Hadlin's thoughts pleaded to Eidolon. However he couldn't help shrieking, "AAAHhhhhh!" 
Everything happened so fast. The monster swallowed him, and the darkness devoured what was left. Hadlin was terrified. Could he survive this? Doubtful... How would he breathe? Maybe he would get digested first. He tried hitting and screaming the monster from the inside over and over. Strangely the beast was being bounced around. Hadlin guessed what was happening by the trauma he felt to his own body. Could his inside attacks truly affect the monster? Or maybe the other two babasova's were attacking it? It didn't matter either way. Just as long as the beast pays for eating him. So he continued his assault from within. Yelling with each and every strike, "Take this!" Then the monster hit the floor hard. Expelling him from the monsters mouth. 
He rolled several feet away. Thanking Eidolon for this second chance. His body stopping right in a puddle. Hadlin blearily looked out into the endless night before him. They were somehow outside. Seeing the stunned monster next to a rock. Which it now had shrunk back to its smaller size. If that wasn't odd the next thing was beyond a doubt downright bizarre. A house nestled in the arms of a large twisted tree. The roots of the tree shambled like an octopus across the ocean floor. Hurrying off into the dark cover of the woods. The Canaan before him was in a perpetual darkness. That darkness glistened with tiny specks of color. As if the real Canaan were trying to bleed through the veil of darkness. 
Hadlin pushed onto his knees in the puddle. Checking if Whatnot was alright. The fuzz ball made a garbled sound. That's when Hadlin noticed a pale glow in the puddle. He glanced down at his reflection. The light was coming from inside him. However that light beheld many more truths than he wanted to know. Why he couldn't use his divine powers? As horrifying words replayed in his head, "Oh shit kid you're not even real." Seeing the wooden face of a khadaver doll staring back at him. 
He was the doll.

Chapter 4: Nocturnia

That face...That creepy doll face. It was just how he remembered it. The same brown hair, same long neck. All attached to a gangly looking nine year old body. 
Hadlin could even recall he had a family. A mother, a father, and an older brother Bobbee. Bobbee always called him Nil. Teasing him that he was nothing, nil. 
How can a doll remember all that? He just couldn't understand. Nothing made sense. At that time Churl's voice replayed in his head, "Oh shit kid you're not even real." What did he mean by that? Did Churl know that Hadlin was going to be a doll in this world? How did he know? Only Eidolon sees all the sons of men. Eidolon the creator of life. 
Then a new question arose. Why would Eidolon do this? Seeing that expressionless doll peering up at him. "Why?" He felt crushed. "This can't be happening..." His anger rising within. "Why me?" If only that stupid face would stop looking back at him. His mind hissing for it to go away. "Go away!" Hadlin howled, "Go Away!" Taking his frustration out on Eidolon, "Why did you do this to me?" The silence was like salt in a wound. He had to strike out at something. That creepy image in the puddle the nearest target. Down came both fists into the water, hissing, "What have I ever done to you?" 
At that moment lightning streaked across the darkened sky. Followed closely by thunder rolling. He could hear the rain, but not feel it. Could dolls even feel? Regardless if he could feel or not his distorted image was ghastly. As what was left of his reflection in the ripples turned a ghostly white. He jumped at the unexpected sight, "What in Canaan?" Hadlin looked closer, and the white was now gone. The questionable fact was what was that thing? Hardly able to process everything that has happened to him thus far. Nothing made sense anymore. He just wanted to go back to being a boy, and go home. 
At that moment lightning lit the sky, and the face was obscured. Hadlins eyesight drawn to the dazzling sky. As every raindrop glistened like diamonds. Strangely he could see it all, but none of it penetrated the veil over Canaan. Canaan remained in a perpetual darkness. Except for tiny sparkling pin-points of color outlining the land. Mostly greens and browns along the edge of the trees. Within the veil all was dreary and gray. 
This definitely wasn't the Canaan he remembered. It had to be some other place. No place he'd ever remembered seeing. Flabbergasted his thought churned out loud, "What is this place?" Whatnot wiggled nervously in his hand. Its muttering sounding very much like an answer, "Noc..ter..ne..a..." The muffled sounds malformed into what sounded similar to a word, nocternea. What's nocternea mean? Though he was first and foremost still amazed the fuzz ball could talk. Secondly what was Whatnot really trying to say? He had to ask, "What?" Whatnot shrugged its none existent shoulders, but never uttered a sound. Hadlin couldn't let the word go. Nocternea somehow sounded familiar. Like a lost bit of knowledge nagging the corners of his mind. Surely he should know this. Hadge always seemed to know many things. This nonetheless wasn't one of them. 
A thought occurred to him, "The book would know." Hadlin threw Whatnot on his shoulder, giving orders, "Keep an eye out." The fuzz ball gave him a grunt. Even as he began digging into his pocket. Not a normal pocket mind you. It was like reaching into the middle of a room, and never touching anything. Then all at once the book was in his hand. All he had to do was wish for it. At the cost of a pinched finger between the pages. Shocked by it all he couldn't help but howl as he slipped his finger from between the pages. Cursing the stupid book for biting him. It had never done that before. 
Holding the book before him he called upon the voices, "What is nocternea?" More importantly he asked, "What is this place?" Just the same the book was as stubborn as Whatnot. It never uttered a sound. What was going on? He shook the book trying to get its attention, "Hey!" He carped, "I'm talking to you." 
That's when he heard a splash, and noticed Whatnot pulling on his collar. In the next moment he heard noises. It wasn't the book. As he glanced back at the place the babasova had been. It was gone. Hadlin fearfully scanned the woods around him wondering, "Where did it go?" Whatnot was screeching, "Run!" 
A thin layer of electric fog had crossed over the path in which the tree had ran. As it crackled and popped. Hadlin could no longer see the forest through the fog. Only obscured shapes. Stringers hanging here and there that had not been there before. Then lightning struck once more outside the veil. Revealing puddles of water that had formed. However it wasn't puddles. It was a mire. Akin to the mire he'd fought Lillith. Something was hunched on a growth in the middle of the mire. The shape looked nothing like the babasova. It had to be something else. At once it slipped into the water, and was gone. The only sign it had been there were ripples in the water. Hadlin couldn't believe what he was seeing. Positive the mire wasn't there a few minutes ago. 
Suddenly the din of something small herded its way through the fog. Just as hundreds of the iridescent red beetles were running Hadlins direction. That's when he knew what he was seeing. "Oh Eidolon!" Hadlin began to yell, "Mephisto!" He didn't even have time to get to his feet. The beetles were already upon him. Though they oddly passed him by. Hadlin was surprised they didn't attack him. Could it be because he was made of wood. No, it was something much, much worse. It was as if they were running from something. Something that had been hiding in the bowels of Hell. Doubtful Lillith could put such fear into the little fiends. Besides he'd already taken care of her. 
Hadlin watched the fog begin to clear, and the mire was now gone. Just the forest as it had always been. Not a mephisto in sight. So what just happened? Was he hallucinating? Still searching for any signs of the monstrous beetles. Hardly noticing Whatnot still jerking on his earlobe. The dust bunny had been trying to get his attention for some time. It was yapping, "Run! Run! Run!" That's when Hadlin could see for himself why the little pest kept after him. 
Something was climbing out of a puddle. Could it be the same creature from the mire? Surely not. How could it get from there to here? It made no sense. As he watched the foamy water from the mire slide over the creatures backside. The same thick substance from the mire. The creature was truly here. Hadlin started to worry if there could be more of them. Nervously looking from side to side. All the while holding the book tighter in his hands. 
Then a noise came from behind him. "Wha..." He turned around. Half expecting to see another creature climbing out of a puddle. Assailed by hundreds of tiny squeaks. Just as lightning lit everything once more. Discovering a mass of tiny shades wallowing in his shadow. Each no bigger than a fingertip. Why were they there? Straight away he'd jumped to his feet gasping, and stomping. The tiny things running in every direction. Hadlin stopped short of chasing the tiny beasts in the direction of the unknown creature. 
That creature was now crouching next to the puddle. Its identity still nameless. However when the thing glanced his way unfathomable fear ran throughout his body. A fear unlike any other the Hadge had experienced. All the voices within and around him screaming to run! "Rrrunnnnnnnnn!" In view of the shades running headlong into the larger creatures path. One by one the shades were snatched up, and eaten. Hadlin was convinced the book could not help him. 
Whatnot screeching louder than he'd ever had, "Rrrrrrunnnnn!" Hadlin did just that. He turned and ran. Running straight into the overgrowth. Hot on his heels he could hear the pounding of the creatures feet. His mind shrieking to Eidolon, "Help! Help! Help!" Oh Eidolon he was so afraid he couldn't run fast enough. Now he knew why the mephisto were so scared. He himself was terrified. Certain he could never outrun it, so he'd do the next best thing, hide. 
Like an answer to his prayers a hollowed out tree stood before him. Hiding inside were hundreds of shades. Hadlin gave them no mind, because he was more afraid of the creature chasing him. Quickly he pushed his way inside, and the shades poured out. The shades running every which way. Hadlin could hear the larger creature chasing after them. Stopping only to crunch on its catch. Then chase after some more. Barely able to keep his wooden body from shaking. Hadlin had no idea what the creature could be, but it was deadly. Deadlier than most of the monsters from Hell. 
Then his thoughts fell back upon the idea there could be an opening into the bowels of Hell? Why would the monsters want to come here? Wherever here may be? For all he knew this could be a part of Hell. 
He could hear the crackling of the strange fog drifting throughout the forest. However the deadly creature had grown quiet. Much too quiet. "What's it doing now?" Hadlins mind was at attention, straining to hear. He indeed itched for a look, yet was terrified to do so. Twitching right and left, until he dared to glance around the tree. At first Shocked to find that the tree was gone. Secondly he had no idea what happened to the tree. Then third he was left out in the open. To his horror the creature squatted merely a few feet away. With its loose skinned back to him. If he wasn't terrified for his life he might've been revolted by the long loose skin. 
All the while Whatnot was yanking on his ear. The fuzz ball pointing for the tall grass. Straight away Hadlin dove into the overgrowth. Shades scrambling out of his way. All the while he was hoping the beast hadn't heard him. Soon to follow was the sounds of crunching again. Hadlin certain the unfortunate shades he'd stirred from the grass had been eaten. He had to move now. While the thing was busy. 
Dragging his body deeper into the woods. For what seemed like an hour. Until at last he couldn't hear the creature no more. Sure the monster had to be out of range by now. As he peeped out over the tufts of grass. The creature was gone. Hadlin sighed with relief, "Thank you Eidolon." Then proceeded to pray the monster kept going the other way. He just couldn't bare to crawl any longer. Even as he raised a bit higher in the grass. Getting a better look all around. Whatnot appealing for him to stay hidden, "Its dangerous." Hadlin hissed, "Hush..." By all appearances it looked clear. So he bravely raised up on one leg at a time. First leg nothing. Second leg nothing. Thankful he was now upright. He could cover more ground this way. However for the time being Hadlin planned to remain close to cover. He trudged onward through the weeds. Destination unknown. Whatnot still clamoring, "We're gonna die. We're gonna die." Hadlin threatened to flick the fuzz ball, "If you don't shut it..." 
Stalled by the sound of a whimpering child. He let his hand fall back to his side. Whatnot incited, "Its a trap..." Hadlin pointed at the fuzz ball. Even as Whatnot bit its fuzzy lips shut. The crying was coming from the bottom of the hillside. Where several trees had fallen. Khadaver trees at that. He wondered what could kill the magical trees. That was one more difficult question he couldn't answer. So he would just focus on the task at hand. Discovering the source of the crying. Warily they followed the sound. Unsure of what they may find. At the bottom the cries were even louder. The sound coming from the other side of a rotten tree. The tree diseased with black chanterelles. Exactly like the chanterelles in the lost woods. Hadlin couldn't smell the mushrooms, but would bet they too smelled of death. 
Just then a twig snapped under his foot, and the crying stopped. In its place he could hear breathing. Peeking around the end of the tree he could see a figure. The small figure curled into a ball. It had to be a boy no more than five. The boy wore striped pajamas. His strange short straw like hair quite telling. Hadlin leaned closer asking, "Are you alright?" 
Suddenly the boy looked Hadlin in the eyes. Surprised would hardly be the word he'd chosen, as horror flickered across his wooden face. The boys face was made of burlap. While the edges were pulled tight to the scalp, and unraveled to look like hair. He had huge shiny black eyes, and a slit for a mouth. The boy cried out, and tried to run away. Hadlin caught him by the arm trying to soothe the child, "Its ok. I can help you." However mentally he wasn't quite sure he could help either of them. Meanwhile Whatnot had been clinging to his ear, whispering over and over, "Don't trust him..."
Unexpectedly the child grabbed the hand on its arm, and held it in place like a vise. The boy had an evil look on his face, cooing, "You're gonna die." Hadlin was yelling, "Noooooooo!" Then without thinking countered with his book hand. Striking the child on the side of the head. Immediately guilt took over. As he kept repeating, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." Trying to keep the child from falling. The child slipped through his hand. Falling against the rotten tree. While the sack boys body smashed black chanterelles on its way to the ground. The boy was as lifeless as the materials that formed it. 
Everywhere the rotten gook seeped from the black chanterelles. On the boy, down the tree. Inside the gook were scores of tiny grayish orbs. Each squirming as if it were a newborn fish. Hadlin was drawn to one that kept flickering to a shade of black. His mind couldn't wrap around what it could be. In a matter of seconds the nucleus of that orb turned black. Black as the pupil of an eye. The eye covered in a transparent protective shield. Then it began to rise from the gook. Blinking in Hadlins direction. Surely as if it were watching him. No matter which way he leaned the eye would still be watching. Then it flew off into the trees overhead. 
Hadlin had recognized the thing. It is an ouray. An invulnerable microbe capable of killing entire planets. He watched as even more had taken flight from the gook of the black chanterelles. "Wait a minute..." Hadlin had a dawning thought, "He had seen the black chanterelles in the lost woods of Elysium." Why were they there? If they had spread everything would have been dead, plants and animals alike. The only thing that had stopped it was the closing of the book of Elysium. So that Elysium went back to the day the book had been opened. Who would want to kill everything? Without plants and animals there would be no people. Without people there would be no souls. Lillith was a soul eater. So it was doubtful she had planted the ouray there. Churl was harder to define. He was inhumanly crazy. Nonetheless what would he get out of it? Then there was the old witch lady Egdah. How was she involved in all of this? 
Suddenly Whatnot let out a screech, "Yowwwwwww!" An ouray had flew at him. Hadlin swatted the thing away. However swatting at one was useless. Since they were buzzing around them like a cloud of gnats. He was betting that being a wooden doll would make him immune to the microbes. After all he wasn't exactly alive. On the other hand he was made out of the same wood as the khadaver trees. With these khadaver trees being covered in black chanterelles. The same substance the ouray grew from. Hadlin shook the last thoughts from his mind. Growling at the little pests swarming him. Then began to swat in earnest at them with the book. With the hope that the book would kill them. Sadly the book had missed all but one. The others had escaped off into the woods. "That's not good." Hadlin breathed heavily. He was rather concerned over the fact the ouray seemed impervious to the book. How could he fight an enemy like that? Hadlin had to find someway to destroy the microbes before they spread. He needed to find the one that was hit. It had fallen next to the sack boy. 
That's when Hadlin became aware that the boy was gone. Had the boy gotten up and ran off? Surely he would have noticed something like that. Evidently not, seeing that the spot was now vacant. Oddly in the boys place was a page from the book of Canaan. The page smeared with some of the gook. "What?" Hadlin was confused. He hadn't even seen a page fall. Though he was swinging the book like a madman. 
Hadlin started to retrieve the lost page. Looking it over for any signs of defects. However the page appeared faultless. Through the blue flames Hadlin caught sight of the ouray on the ground. The page magnifying the microbe. He inspected the ouray even closer. A transparent honeycombed membrane encased the clouded eye. The cloudy fluid began to fade. Until the nucleus became visible. Then the eye blinked several times before becoming fully black. It had merely been stunned. Then just as suddenly it took flight. Buzzing nervously here and there, but never getting too close to the book again. 
Hadlin had a unsettling thought, "Two things had survived a hit from the book." He had gave a questionable sigh, "How could that be?" The notion propelled his mind further, "Could something be wrong with the book?" It was strange he hadn't heard any voices from it so far. From his experience being the Hadge he'd never ran into this problem. 
All at once the ouray darted to the left in front of him, and then to the right. Was the microbe testing him? Then the ouray darted over the rotten trees. Hadlin was determined not to lose the little blighter. 
Snatching the page in his free hand. An odd feeling came over him. It started at his hand, and up his arm, and halted within the entrance of his mind. As he tuned into its worldly knowledge. Understanding this place is Nocturnia. Nocturnia is where the night creatures dwell. A shadow realm that coexisted with the earthly planes. Why was he here? Then answered the question just as quickly, "A living doll is unnatural." Whispering, "Unnatural as all the night creatures in this realm." Then a trumpet sounded loud and clear. Inescapably a sign from his world about the end-times. Times far beyond the Apostolic age. Far into the future. The age of awakening. As each and every vision warned of natural disasters, famine, and so on for many years. Then an even darker warning played in his head. Be wary of those in positions of trust. For trust may not be helping hands. Rather wolves in sheep's clothing. Those wolves will herd the suffering into camps for slaughter. A depopulation zone. Burying millions in disposable coffins. Keeping only those who will be managed. He could feel his heart breaking. Unable to witness anymore atrocities.
Hadlin shoved the page inside the book like it was on fire. It was the only way to stop the terrible visions. Praying Eidolon, Yahveh, Kami, God, to whomever every individual called upon would stop these events from unfolding. A sadness rolled from deep inside upon the understanding of such evil. Hadlin knew that that same evil had something to do with why he was now stuck in Nocturnia. It was also in direct correlation to his doll form. Evil is a master manipulator. The question was, "How?" And, "Why?" 
He begged Eidolon for the answers. Steadfast that he alone had to find the answers. For Eidolon helped when help was needed. Then Hadlin began to wonder, "Do I have to save this place?" Better yet, "Can it be saved?" Glancing at the book he didn't see how. The book of Canaan doesn't seem to work. Nor did he have the key to bind it. Besides this place was full of dark creatures. Eidolon wouldn't so freely let them go. So it remains, "How can he save a world when he can't even help himself?"

Chapter 5: What's in a puddle? 
The crackle of the wandering fog emphasized his situation in these woods. Pointing to the reality that the deadly creature was still out there somewhere. So he best not stay in one spot too long. 
In the next moment Whatnot's cries drubbed all else. Just as Hadlin realized the fuzz ball had slipped from his shoulder. He dropped the book. Then sprung forth to catch the ball of fluff. Exclaiming, "I got..." His hands caught the puff ball. Although they'd fallen against the rotten tree. Hadlins words losing its initial effectiveness, "youuuu....." While the impact smashed him into the black chanterelles. 
Instantly he slid over the belly of the tree. Twisting around as he slipped. Ending bottom first into a puddle of dark gook. One hand landing directly in the puddle. Quickly he removed his hand. Even as the black ooze made a slow trail down his arm. At that moment he felt like he was waking from a dream. Was this what you call the awakening? Remembering the sludge covered creature standing in the doorway. Aside from the fact it was no creature. It was him. His thoughts going to his mother and father. What had he done? 
Hadlin closed his eyes wanting it all to go away. Except his eyes were drawn to the second fallen tree. He recognized that tree. It was the same tree from the dense part of the forest. The animal trail led right up to it. However it was not entirely as he remembered it. The tree was much smaller, and the forest around not as dense. "How can this be?" Hadlin aiming the question at Eidolon. He received no answer. 
Then an odd little creature about the size of a cat jumped onto the tree. It stood several long moments on its hind legs. Changing to an array of colors, and halted at cadmium. Surely it was some kind of frog. Markedly it was wearing pants, and suspenders. Thereupon it sat down on a knot. Tilting its head sideways at Hadlin. Hadlin didn't know if he should talk to it, or run for his life. Even as he gathered the book in his free hand. 
Then the frog spoke, "You look baffled." Talking frogs? He just couldn't believe it. The frog introduced himself, "My name is Reed." He smiled and added, "Reed Oakley." By now Hadlin definitely couldn't speak. All he could do is nod. Reed asked, "Do you know the mandela effect?" Hadlin had no idea. The frog went on to explain, "Its when you remember things differently than they are." Reed giving examples, "Like this tree, or me." Hadlin babbled, "It doesn't make any sense." The Frog chuckled, "No, it doesn't." affixing his belief in the matter, "Dreams seldom do." Then Reed tilted his head again, asking, "Are you awake?" Hadlin was even more confused, "What?" Reed clarified, "If you are truly awake." The frogs webbed hand showcased the world around them, "Then everything would make more sense." Hadlin couldn't understand how anyone could make sense of this place. Nocturnia was full of evil creatures. Reed stated more plainly, "Open your eyes and see the truth." 
That's when Hadlin remembered Whatnot. Glancing down at his folded hand, and hearing the angry mumbles from inside. Hadlin started to apologize to the frog for the interruption. Nonetheless the frog was gone. Where did it go? Hadlin was quite confused. He couldn't even be sure the frog was there in the first place. In the meantime Whatnot had grown louder. Hadlin unfolded his hand. Begging the fuzz balls forgiveness, "I'm sorry." Whatnot growled in response, making it a point not to look in Hadlins direction. Hadlin replaced Whatnot on his shoulder, stating, "I really am sorry." A tiny noise ensued, "Hmmph..." Certain time would soothe the fuzz balls ire. 
Then Hadlin was taken aback by the hundreds of ouray taking flight around him. The ouray had began simply as a fungus. Its introduction to the khadaver trees somehow had altered bioactive compounds. Even so he couldn't comprehend how this microbe evolved into a living, breathing, moving life form. There was a missing element in its evolution. Whatever was missing would also explain how he and Whatnot were alive. The ouray all headed in the same direction. Where were they going? Hadlin had to know. He had to hurry, because the last of them were vanishing through the trees. 
Then he too hurried around the trees. He could hear a sigh from his shoulder. Taking no notice of the fuming fuzz ball. Barely managing to keep up with the ouray. Throughout the obstacles of trees Whatnot kept howling, "What are you doing?" Repeating, "What are you doing?" The fuzz ball was clearly irritated, "Are you crazy?" Getting louder as they went, "Don't follow them!" Hadlin alas answered, "I have to know where they are going." Whatnot cawed, "This is stupid!" Hadlin disregarded the rambling lint ball. Chasing the ouray around tree after tree. Still unable to guess where the microbes might be going. Then the ouray darted through a wide thorn patch. 
Without thinking Hadlin had also ran headlong into the patch. He could hear Whatnot screaming, "Nooooooo!" Thorn after thorn snagged at his clothes. However the thorns made nary a scratch to his wooden body. As he exited out the other side. Seeing the ourays sift straight through a nearby cluster of cattails. By the massive amounts of cattails he'd guess a sizeable marsh area. A number of unusual insects were making sounds. Somewhere a frog was croaking. He wondered if it perhaps it could be Reed. This place was teeming with life, but the terrifying part was how many were monsters. He was only interested in the ouray. Whatnot could see where they were heading, and squabbled in advance, "Oh no, not in there." Hadlin gave the fuzz ball a firm look, making it perfectly clear, "You're just here for the ride." 
Then barreled through the weedy stalks of the cattails. Dislodging several communities of pixsquitos. Purplish human-like insects. The angry little bloodsuckers kept buzzing around him. Whatnot kept making sounds of distress, as it too evaded the pixsquitos. Hadlin was sure the pests would give up after finding out he's made of wood. However they followed him straight through to the other side. Out onto the springy cushion of the edge of the marsh. 
From this spot he could see the ouray diving towards the water. Why? Was there something in the water? If only he could examine just one. As if a prayer had been answered an ouray dove right in front of him. Thanking Eidolon for another chance. Try as he might, but he just couldn't catch it. The ouray vanished beneath the surface. Whatnot was laughing under his breath, "I could've done better than that." Hadlin had blocked the fuzz ball out. Still looking hopelessly at his empty wet hand. Wondering, "What am I going to do now?" A new thought occurred to him, "There are hundreds of ouray in those black chanterelles." Feeling a bit more confident over the loss, "All I have to do is go back." He started to mentally chart his way back. 
Up till the point of seeing hundreds of shades around the marsh. Much worse were all the babasovas. Why hadn't he noticed them before now? At that moment he heard a babasova behind him. It had walked right up to the cattails. Whatnot uneasily jerked at Hadlins ear. Trying to get his attention. He glanced back at the cattails. Though he could see nothing but stalks. He knew it was there. How would he get back now? Better yet how was he going to get out of here? Withal he was stuck right where he stood. Curiously watching the creatures wading in and out of the water. What was going on? Each and every creature seemed to gather around this watering hole. Almost like its own eco system. Then his thoughts revisited the deadly creature from the mire. It too had been wading in a puddle. What was it about the water? Hadlin began to rationalize the happening, "I don't think its the water. Puddles are just puddles." It was no big deal. Deep down a nagging voice argued that it was a big deal. 
Hadlin could hardly think with a pixsquito flying at his face, and Whatnot whining in his ear. His hand swatted at the little pest. Scarcely noticing cattails parting, and a babasova stepping through. Happening only a few yards away from where he stood. Hadlin met the eyes of the babasova. Weird shiny metallic gray eyes. Hadlin begging Eidolon to save him somehow. Simultaneously they were both set into motion. The babasova moving towards Hadlin, and Hadlin running for firmer ground. Praying the babasova behind him didn't join the commotion. Nor any other monster for that matter. 
Even before his eyesight left the babasova a darker creature appeared behind it. It was almost as if every creature had seen the dark creature at the same time. As shades and babasovas alike began to run away from the marsh. Whatnot too had began crying out, "Runnn!" Hadlin kept right on running. As a screech echoed through the timbers. Surely as if something had died. The dark creature had to be the deadly beast he'd encountered before. His body still trembling at the thought of the beast. What was that thing? Hardly taking note of where he was going. He just had to get as far away as he possibly can. It appears the beast may be busy for some time. Seeing that many creatures were hanging around the water hole. 
As he was running he began to hear tiny voices calling for help. "Look." Whatnot was directing his attention to the ground. Glancing towards his feet he saw dark glittering splotches of ooze. The same type of ooze that had covered his body. Around the ooze rocks were crying out to him. Nearby the ooze had splattered wildflowers. Those wildflowers were also calling out to him. Reaching for him as he passed. Hadlin had to get away from here, and ran faster. Here and there along the path random inanimate objects called out to him. Sticks, leaves, a child's shoe. Was he dreaming? Could he be just plain crazy? No he could see stems and leaves reaching out to him. He come to the conclusion that whatever was happening had to do with that dark beast. Seeing that the splotches were a trail left behind by the beast. What kind of beast could it be? 
Whatnot began to yell, "Watch out!" Hadlin hadn't realized until it was too late he'd walked too close to a honeysuckle vine. It was no ordinary vine. It was now alive, calling, "Help. Help..." The vine had caught hold of his wrist on his book hand. Which rendered the book useless. Whanot kept wailing, "Noooooo!" Then curled deeper into the collar of Hadlins magical clothes. All the while Hadlin was in the process of escaping not one, but now two vines. As the second honeysuckle vine tried to wrap around his other wrist. Hadlin exclaimed, "Oh, no you don't!" Ripping free from the vines. Landing flat on his stomach. 
He could see a clearing from where he lain on the ground. It looked safe enough. Safe from dastardly vines like those. All he had to do is make it to the small clearing. Then there would be nothing but trees. Hadlin jumped to his feet, and ran for the clearing. Leaving the vines behind him. While the fuzz ball continued to whimper from its hiding place. Hadlin wanted to laugh at how easy his plan was executed. Now all he had before him were the protection of trees. 
Out of a swatch of tall water grass the psychedelic frog appeared. Hadlin had stopped abruptly. The frogs color went to goldenrod. Reed leaned against the grass, calmly stating, "I wouldn't go that way if I were you." Then the frog pointed towards the honeysuckle instead, claiming, "That ways much safer." Hadlin couldn't believe that after fighting the vines off. Then he looked from the frog to the trees, asking, "What's wrong with the trees?" The reason was apparent, as numerous sets of shiny metallic gray eyes were hidden among the trees. Mumbling his thoughts aloud, "Babasovas..." The frog contradicted his claim, "Ah, those aren't the babasova. They are just babasova's boogeymen."  Hadlin turned back to the frog, crying out, "What?" However Reed had vanished once again. Meanwhile his mind rattled a hundred miles per minute, "What's he mean they aren't the babasova?" Utterly confused, "So what's the babasova?" Could it be that deadly beast? Why would it kill its own creations? The answer was clear, it wouldn't. 
At that time he noticed footsteps coming his way. Whatnot was alert, "Something's coming." Just as Hadlin spun from the clearing he noticed several trees were gone. If they were trees at all. He had a mind that they were boogeymen. There was a tale of old that boogeymen can take many forms. Regardless he had no time to think of them. Heading off towards the vicious honeysuckle vines. Even as he fought his way through the ropey vines. Freeing his limbs time and again, only to have to do it again. Whatnot kept screaming, "They're getting closer!" Hadlin at last feeling relieved he could see the other side. However his relief was short lived. As he stepped out into a large puddle on the other side. 
Instantly he felt himself falling. "What's going on?" His mind screeched. He had fallen into the darkened puddle, or rather through it. The downward motion slowed to a near crawl. Seeing shade after shade jump into the same puddle. Horror-struck Hadlin gasped, but it didn't stop his descent. "Noooooooooo!!!" He screeched on his way down. Praying Eidolon would help him. Then the surface of the water engulfed him. 
Next thing he knew was that his head broke the surface of the water on the other side. He was baffled on what just happened. Until he realized this was the real Canaan. It was dark and raining, but it was real. Actual droplets were falling from the sky. A drenched Whatnot kept mumbling something like, "We gotta get outta here." Clinging precariously to Hadlins collar. Even as shades of all sizes swam to the edge of the puddle. Then teetered off into the surrounding overgrowth. He could imagine ouray and even larger creatures using the puddles as well. It explained how the ouray had invaded Elysium. This was clearly some kind of gateway from the shadow lands. Hadlin was quite hopeful, "This could be my way home." He started to reach for the edge of the puddle. 
At that moment he felt himself being dragged back into the puddle. "Noooooooooo!!!" He didn't want to go back. Water began to fill his mouth again. He coughed and choked all the way down. Fighting whatever had a hold of his leg. Convinced it had to be the vines. It was the only thing around when he fell. Thereupon he was hauled back into the dark side. Dangling over the puddle by his leg via the dastardly honeysuckle vines. All he could do is curse the creeping vine. Whatnot barely clinging to his collar. No longer looking his normal fuzzy self, but rather a wet blob. Hadlin longed to be back in the water. It was the way home. 
Alarmingly the vine had an accomplice. A huge black spider. The spider persistently shortening the length of the vine between them. Its shiny metallic gray eyes affixed to its victim. All eight eyes. It had to be one of the boogeymen. This is proof they can take multiple forms. Right now he had more things to worry about than proof. "Oh..oh..." Hadlin fearfully chimed, "Eidolon!" He tried to swing the book at the spider. The effort was in vain as his fingers caught between the pages once more. Hadlin was cursing at the dang book. Knowing full well the book couldn't be doing this on purpose. After all it was just a book. 
Then lightning alit everything once more. That's when he noticed another boogeyman standing behind the spider. Eerily this one gave Hadlin a crooked grin. It was the same one from inside the magic tree. It had tried to eat him. He wasn't so certain that grin was a good sign or not. The next thing he knew the boogeyman grew nine feet tall. Whatnot started howling at the sight. "Noooo!" By then the smiling creature had already reached around the spider, and broke off the leg holding onto Hadlin. Then discarded the leg several feet away. In the process Hadlin was pulled aground. The hurt boogeyman began to screech. 
Whatnot was screaming, "Run!" Hadlin didn't have to be told twice. He jerked the vine free from his leg. Then jumped to his feet, and ran as fast as he could. Pixsquitos along the way being disturbed by his presence. However all Hadlin could think about was finding another puddle. He had to get back home. "There's one." He was hopeful. Though Whatnot sounded disheartened, "Not that way!" It was blocked by two boogeymen. 
Hadlin tried to sound hopeful, "Its o.k." He said, "There are more." However Whatnot didn't sound quite so convinced, "Its too dangerous here." Just around the next tree was another puddle. Nonetheless it too was guarded by four boogeymen. How would he ever get home? Monsters were everywhere. They were climbing in and out of the puddles. He had to go back, or risk being seen.
Hadlin quietly went back the way he came. Backing into the tree he'd just stepped around. Whatnot was frantic, "Watch out!" Hadlin spotted those same shiny gray eyes hidden in the treetop. It had to be a spider. Praying it hadn't seen him yet. Just as something wiggled from out of the ground. "Ahhhhhhhhh!" He leapt over the wiggling mass. Rolling in the dirt quite a few feet away. What was that? Discovering that tree roots were pulling themselves from the ground. His eyesight fearfully falling back to the spider in the tree. However there was no spider. Nor was there a tree. "What?" He was mightily confused. In the trees place stood a boogeyman. 
"Run! Run!" The tiny voice on his shoulder screamed. Hadlin was off and running once again. Was he being followed? He could never really be certain. However his mind began playing tricks on him. Everywhere he looked he kept seeing those shiny metallic gray eyes. In the trees, in the grass, and in the rocks. "Dear Eidolon they are everywhere." He cried. Then looked over his shoulder to a monster chasing after him. 
Whatnot was yelling, "Watch out!" Now there was one in front of him also. In its wake that unfathomable fear returned. As his body shook to its core. Why was he feeling that way now? He hadn't the time to worry over it. As he dove from between the two boogeymen. Rolling into the tall weeds. Quickly he was assailed by an even greater sense of fear. Just as something moved in and out of his line of sight. Swearing the dark figure had arose from a carcass on the ground. A hunched emaciated creature with long skin and fur hanging from its head and back. Other than that all it had was a mouth from one side of its head to the other. It was the same terrifying creature from the path. 
Suddenly it dawned on him that it planned to eat them all. Whatnot had been screaming this whole time, "Run!" Hadlin glanced up in time to see dozens of boogeymen running for their life. However the smiling one had reappeared. It rushed up to Hadlin looking down at him making a strange noise, "nnnilllllllll...." Hadlin was terrified. Though terror meant nothing at all next to the dark beast. Which had turned its unwanted interest upon them. Oddly the boogeyman pulled Hadlin upright. What was it doing? Does it play with its meals first? All the while Hadlin fought against the monster. Nevertheless felt no fear of it. The boogeyman had pushed him away from the approaching dark beast. Pushing him in the opposite direction. Almost as if it were saving him. 
Hadlin hesitated a second before turning to run. He clutched the book tighter. Feeling his fingers get snagged between the pages once more. Although all he could do is worry that the boogeyman was going to get eaten. Constantly looking back as he ran. The dark beast ran headlong towards the boogeyman. Opening its mouth the closer it got. At the last moment the boogeyman stretched an arm up into the treetop, and pulled itself upwards. Tiny shades rained down upon the beast. Even so the dark beast was not interested. 
As it set its sights on Hadlin. Its pounding feet shaking the ground beneath them. Hadlin tried to run faster. Watching the bizarre fog clear ahead of him. Oddly a nine foot tall wrought iron fence appeared amidst the fog. Hadlin hissing to himself, "Who puts a fence in the middle of the woods?" Suddenly realizing he had no where to go. Whatnots voice mimicking his fears, "We're gonna die!" The fence was like a wall that went on in both directions. A blockade bringing him to a utter standstill. He was at a loss for what to do. The beast was too fast to outrun. Too strong to defeat. How could he survive? 
Hadlin turned to face the beast. It was coming up fast. He held the book out firmly in both hands. Praying Eidolon would help. Overhead the storm raged in the real world. The sparkling raindrops quickly filling the puddle below his feet. The puddle expanding from under the iron fence. Withal it was too late. The dark beast was here. The dark beast loomed over him. Its horrifying mouth stretching wider. Hadlins determined thoughts begging it to, come on. This was familiar. He'd done this before. Out in the woods near Boding. He had held the book of Canaan up for protection that time as well. However he knew he had been waiting for the beast. For the carib. 
Carib's are Angels damned for their sins. They cannibalized humans, and its own kind alike. Cursed to starve forever. Since all that it eats disappears before it reaches the stomach. That food is turned into a glittering black mass just before it vanishes. Hadlin had heard whispers that the glittering black mass can animate all that it touches. That could explain all the strange things he'd been seeing. Such as the Khadaver dolls, tables with feet, walking shrooms, and talking rocks. Even so no one has ever lived to tell such a tale. Besides caribs are immortal. There is no way to kill them. 
Hadlin held the book higher. Just as he beheld the fact that in Boding woods he'd held the book with human hands. Eidolon what has happened since Boding woods? As expected there was no answer. Still he had the mistaken impression he'd killed that carib. How else could he get covered in glittering black ooze? 
Abruptly he was drawn back to the present. Almost certain he would die this time. Wherein a page from the book had fallen to the ground. Right away blue flames shot upwards. Creating a wall between himself and the carib. Extraordinarily it felt like two hands reached out of the flames, and shoved him into the puddle. 
Hadlin was falling once again. Struggling to reach the surface. At last he broke the surface of the water. Pulling himself onto dry ground. Hadlin felt disoriented only for a second. Until the overwhelming sounds of the carib reminded him of the danger he was in. He rushed to his feet, extending the book before him. Seeing the beast batter the bars. How long could the bars keep it at bay? Sadly not long enough. 
That's when he noticed the page floating upon the water. Hadlin collected the page. Exactly as the carib reached through the fence. He couldn't pull his arm back fast enough, and the beast clawed him. Carving a groove in his forearm. Hadlin backed away from the fence. Then shoved the page back into the book. However never let his eyes stray from the carib. 
Wisps of fog drifted in, and the crackling grew louder. Until the fog passed over the opposite side of the fence. Completely blocking his view of the monster. Once the fog was gone, so was the carib. Hadlin was too terrified to consider where it had gone.


Chapter 6: Penumbra

The rain come to an end. Puddles were left behind. Whilst clouds spread athwart the land. A thick silver-gray mist. So thick Hadlin could barely see his hands. Likewise the nine foot fence had been lost from sight. However his fear of the carib festered and boiled. Where had it gone? It was just there. Cursing all his luck, because he couldn't see a thing. 
Whatnot kept whining, ''Lets go..." Jerking Hadlins ear when he didn't answer, "Lets go..." Hadlin shushed the drowned fuzz ball. He'd thought he heard something. Something coming from the vicinity of the fence. His thoughts weighing heavily on the fact that the carib may have made its way here. Hadlin strained to listen. Hearing a noise here and there. Still no carib. By then he started to relax a bit. Telling himself, "I'm jumping to conclusions." If the carib had been here he would've seen it by now. He retracted the idea of seeing, given that he was in the midst of fog. 
That's when he heard the water. As if it were spilling over something. Followed by the waves of the water crashing along the sides. Hadlin was beyond alarmed. Something was coming out of the puddle. Hearing each splashing step it made. It sounded quite big. Whatnot even sounded worried, "Lets go...I don't like this place." Hadlin felt the same way, maybe more so considering the loud splashing. The first thing that had come to mind was, "Carib." Terrified Hadlin inched his way backwards. His heartbeat increasing with every step. He couldn't see in front of him, nor could he see behind. The carib could approach from any side. He was basically a sitting duck. Hadlin clutched the book tighter. Nearly jumping out of his wooden body every time leaves or twigs crunched under his feet. Where did the creature go? He didn't hear anymore sounds. 
The silence seemed more deadly than any sound. Hadlin continued to back up. Whatnot started to yank at his ear again, making a whimpering sound. Hadlin noted the fuzz ball was pointing behind them. Despite the warning Hadlin had backed up against something large. His arms restricted to his sides. His heart feeling as if it burst from his chest. That's if a wooden heart can do such a thing. Hadlin tried to twist around to see his enemy, and fell backwards to the ground. Expecting to see the carib on his way down. Whatnot was howling in his ear. Just as two dark limbs passed over him. The limbs making a wide pass back and forth. However the sounds reminded him of a bush. Hadlin murmered, "What in Canaan?" He grabbed one of the limbs. It was a limb of a pine tree. He got on his hands and knees. Taking a closer look. When even more limbs came into sight. Discovering that two pines were sitting side by side. The greatest thing was there was no fog at ground level. He released the limb. Watching the limbs collide against others. The motion unearthing a hidey-hole beneath the two trees. Which would've been otherwise hidden by the tree limbs. 
Leaves crunched somewhere behind him. Terrified he had no time to think. He had to find somewhere to hide. Withal the hidey-hole was the obvious spot. In he crawled under the pines. Slithering into the hollowed space. Realizing for the first time Whatnot had been yanking on his ear. The sounds drew closer. Hadlin turned just in time to see the shadow of something pass the pines. Soon thereafter the sounds faded away. Then he breathed a sigh of relief. Whatnot was whining, "I want to go home." Hadlin wanted the very same thing. 
Truly looking at the hidey-hole for the first time. It was a child's stronghold. A place to protect them against bad things. It had succeeded in saving him. The hole was lined with a dirty old quilt. A musical tin crank carousel, a wooden heart, and people made out of sticks. Hadlin dared to crank on the music tin. It no longer could play music, nor could the horses scarcely make the turn around. In spite of its other defects a door opened on the centerpiece. 
Inside the door was a candle. The candle glowed with a bluish flame. Hadlin by all means was confused, "How can a candle still be lit?" His first thoughts were that someone was still close by. He warily glanced  through the fringe of the tree limbs. Sure if they were out there he would see them. A new thought occurred to him, "Could've the shadow been the owner of this stronghold?" That would mean he scared them away. Looking back at the candle it was curious how the wax didn't seem to melt. How odd? Hadlin reached in the carousel half expecting to get burned from the flame. However he never caught fire, nor was it really a flame. 
It was a page from one of the Edge of Darkness books. Just as the page unrolled in his hand. Which book he had no idea. Utterly surprised he mumbled, "How did this get here?" The page covered in dirty fingerprints. In the face of dirt he could see the words on the page churning. Churning from one language to next. Then halted on a written word he could read. Written on the page were the words, "Beware of the...." Without warning the page burst into blue flames in his hand. Then was drawn into the book of Canaan. All before he could read the final word. "What the..." He exclaimed, and nearly dropped the book. Certain the page was part of the Canaan book. As a result the book snapped down hard on his fingers. "Argghhhh!" Hadlin roared at the stupid book, "What is wrong with you!" Then shook it in the air. As if the book in fact cared. Whatnot on the other hand shushed him, saying, "Something may here you." Whatnot stumbling over his words, "us..." All the time Hadlin had been glaring at the limpid little fuzz ball. That look was all it took for Whatnot to stay quiet. Then Hadlins gaze returned to the book. Postulating how a page ended up here. Better yet a page that appears to have come from the book of Canaan. He couldn't help but wonder, "What was going on?"
At that time he noticed a name carved into the heart. He picked it up for a closer look. The name was Emme. Emme from his dreams? Could she actually be real? Whatnot had said the name Emme. Could it be one in the same person? Hadlin turned back to the fuzz ball on his shoulder, asking, "Tell me about Emme." Whatnot nervously shivered even more, hardly able to answer, "She was a girl..." Hadlin advanced the conversation, "How did you know this girl?" Whatnot stuttered, "Sh...She was in the same orphanage." They didn't have anything like an orphanage in Hadlins time era. Although he understood what it was because he was the Hadge. Hadlin urged, "The name of the orphanage?" 
Whatnot said it so softly it were as if he were afraid someone would hear, "Penumbra." Hadlin turned away from the direction of the fence. Leaning up closer to the fringe on this other side of the pines. He spread the limbs wide open. Thankfully the fog had began to clear. This side faced a huge gray stone building. Out front was a sign which read in huge letters, PENUMBRA. This is Penumbra orphanage. Emme is real. She lived in this place. In that ominous building. Hadlin telling Whatnot, "You're home."
Hadlins eyesight followed the building upwards. Going as far as the fog would allow. The building appeared to have been abandoned for some time. Seeing that the windows were boarded up, and stones were falling from the structure. Everything above the second story was enveloped in fog. Just as he noticed something move in the second story window. A figure through the cracks in the boards. He could barely see it. Nonetheless he was convinced it was a young girl. It had to be Emme. At once Hadlin thought, "Its her." The rational side of his brain begged to differ. How long do children stay children? How long has Penumbra sat in disrepair? The math didn't add up. Still he knew it was Emme, and he had to find her. First he had to find a way inside. His eyes traveled over the sagging porch. Held in place by what was left of the stone columns. The porch itself was hidden mostly in part with overgrown bushes. Stone after stone crumbling away from the threshold. 
Inexplicably he noticed movement. Something was shifting at the nearest end of the porch. Concealed by the remnants of a dead bush. Even so he could make out the shapes of two childlike figures. What were they doing? Were they hiding from something? As far as he could tell they were trying to climb through a hole in the stone porch. Nonetheless the hole was too small. Forthwith the children stepped out of the bushes. Then made their way to the front doors. They were strange looking children. One boy, one girl. Both wearing dark Edwardian style clothing trimmed in white lace. The children's skin was abnormally pale. Each walking rather stiffly. Nonetheless picture perfect of a child from the twentieth century. How is it possible? 
Hadlins mind went back to Emme. Shoving the wooden heart in his pocket. He had to talk to those children. Hopeful that they'd heard of her. Hadlin exited the pines. Heading towards the children. Straight away Whatnot is growling in his ear, Noooooo..." Hadlin comes to halt only a few feet from the pines. Impatiently pointing at the fuzz ball, "What is your problem?" Whatnot scarcely hacked out, "Not..safe..." Hadlins tone quite crisp, "You're being foolish." Then pointed towards the door the children had just entered, "They are just children." Whatnot balked the matter, "No..." Claiming, "They are not." Hadlin threw up his hands, stating, "I've heard enough!" 
Then made a beeline for the playground, which stood between him and the building. Eerily the swings and merry-go-round creaked. Hadlin could hardly see how with the lack of wind. Then there was the stains on the playground equipment. Peculiar brown stains. His mind echoing the thought, "Something's not right..." That's when he became aware of being watched. He nervously glanced at every window, yet he saw no one. His mind rehashing the boogeymen from Nocturnia, or could it be something else entirely? Now he found it difficult to move any further. Although standing out in the open would not to be advised either. 
In the wake of the unknown threat a child's cries could be heard. However faintly the sounds. It was still cries for help. The sound seemed to be coming from behind the dead bush. Noticeably the same place the two children had come from. Hadlin had to answer the call. Rushing towards the bush. Seeing a small debris field at that end of the porch. The debris just under a hole in the stone wall. Two small hands desperately clawed at the hole. A voice cried from inside. "Help!" The voice cried louder, "Its going to get me!" Hadlin looked through the hole in the porch, exclaiming, "I'll help you!" Inside the hole was a small cavity under the porch. That cavity had a second hole which led under the house. A giant spider was climbing through the second hole. However it was no spider. It was a boogeyman, and it was starting to transform. Hadlin was already down on his knees tugging at the stones. They wouldn't budge. Seeing a large stone he picked it up, yelling, "Watch out!" The child moved just in time. Even as the stone came crashing into the hole. Then the stone came crashing against it again. Just enough to loosen a few small stones. Though big enough for a child to crawl through. Hadlin helped the child through. It was a boy vastly different in appearance than the other two. He was wearing modern clothes. Hadlin couldn't understand how he ended up here.
At that moment a humanoid like hand wrapped around the edge of the hole. The boogeyman was trying to get out. Hadlin waylaid the boogeyman right in the face with the stone. They had to get out of here now. He dropped the stone, and started to yell, "Ru...." Though realized the boy had already escaped. Now he must do the same. He bolted through the bushes, and around the house. He had to find a place to hide. Almost swearing he could hear something behind him. All the windows were too high to reach. Then he came across the basement door. It ramped up to a window with a loose board. Once he gets inside he can look for Emme. Although his goal was to find Emme. He had an uneasy feeling about this place. How did it get to Nocturnia? Or could it be the other way around? Either way Nocturnia is where the unholy thrive. Does that mean Penumbra is an evil place too? It didn't matter one way or the other. He had to go inside. Withal that was happening around him he had to get inside now. The footsteps were getting closer. 
Hadlin climbed up to the window. Up and over he went inside the dark room. Just in time to see one of those strange boys stop near the window. Whatnot whispering, "Don't let him see you." Hadlin had already ducked out of sight. Seeing the boy look in all directions before moving on. There was a shine to the boys eyes. The same metallic shine he'd seen in every boogeyman's eyes. Whatnot was right. Those things are not children. 
Hadlin inched his way further into the room. He could almost swear something darted across the floor. However it was gone in the blink of an eye. Chalking it off to a bad case of nerves. Because now he was seeing things that weren't really there. Quietly he located the door. Which was halfway across the room. Next to the door were a pair of shiny metallic eyes. A boogeyman was in the room. Quickly the eyes blinked away. Then he heard footsteps running round and round the room. What was it trying to do? Why didn't it just attack him? Soon after the boogeyman began to crawl up the wall. Then onto the ceiling. In an instant the sounds were gone. What was it doing? Hadlin had to get out of here now. Before the monster stops playing and attacks. He turned in the direction of the window. Though there was no window. He must've got turned around somehow. Hadlin turned in all directions. However still he could find no window. What is going on? Where has the window gone? A window can't just disappear. 
Hadlin was outright rattled. Why had he come here? The answer resonated through his mind, "Emme." Emme was why he'd come. He had to find her. Being caught by a boogeyman was not in his plans. As he searched the darkness above him to find the monster. His eyesight had adjusted to the darkness. Seeing a large chunk of plaster missing from the ceiling. Although no monster. Hence his eyes fell to the flowered wallpaper. Where corners appeared to be peeling nearly everywhere. Still no monster. Where did it go? Thereupon his eyes fell to the door. It had been left ajar. Could the boogeyman have escaped through the door? Hadlin went to door to find out. 
Immediately on approach he could hear footsteps in the hallway. As he peeked through the crack. He witnessed a boy. One of those strange children entering the door across the hallway. Hadlin glanced back at the room he was in. Certain something was still here, and watching him. Well he would gladly let them have the room to themselves. Slipping out the door. Then pulling the access closed. Inside he could hear footsteps again. Thusly marking this exit off his list of escapes. 
Hadlin faced the door across the hall. Then looked to his right. A set of double doors. Most likely the front doors. To his left a stairway. The wooden floor was worn from the doors to the stairs. On this side of the stairs was a large darkened doorway. He could only guess it led to the dining room. His eyesight panned back to the door across the hall. However stopped at a wall cabinet. Hanging just above the cabinet were two oval picture frames. One image of a boy. The other of a girl. It was the same Edwardian style children he'd seen outside. It appears that the boogeymen only have to see a likeness and in turn mimic it. Whatnot tugged on his collar, "Lets check the big doorway." Pointing out the large doorway near the stairs. Trying to get Hadlin to explore the safer option. Safe by means of no monsters. That reminded Hadlin of the door across the hall. He ignored the fuzz balls suggestion, and walked softly to the door. 
A strange static sound was coming from inside. He had to know what was going on. Whatnot begged him not to. However he had to know. At that time he slowly cracked the door opened, and looked inside. Two of the strange children sat in front of a television. The old fashioned television screen was naught but static. Just as the door in his hand creaks. The children had jerked at the sound too. They jumped up from the floor, and ran for the door. Hadlin was in motion at the same time. Without regards to the worn floorboards. He fell flat on his face. Knocking Whatnot and the book sliding across the floor. Hadlin leaps to his feet. Grabbing Whatnot up, asking "Are you ok?" He hasn't enough time to get the book. Besides it was still in motion, and sliding towards the doorway near the stairway. Nor did he have time to make it to the front doors. Slipping into the cabinet under the two pictures. 
Hadlin watches the children from a crack in the cabinet door. They had followed the sounds of the book. At any rate he didn't see any signs of the book. The strange children never returned. Hadlin waited until he thought it was safe enough to find the book. Sure it slid towards the large doorway. He slipped out of the cabinet. Then replaced Whatnot on his shoulder. Thereafter headed in the direction the infamous book had gone. 
On the wall next to the doorway was a hall tree. It looked exactly like the one in Elysium, and in the living tree. How odd that one would be in an orphanage. That's when Hadlin began to notice the noises coming from the large doorway. Rather terrifying noises. So terrifying he didn't even want to peer inside. Still he was certain the book was in there somewhere. It couldn't be too far from the doorway. Hadlin stopped just short of stepping through the doorway. Whatnot urged, "It looks safe." It was in fact a dining area. Several long tables were filled with all kinds of mouth-watering foods. While the room looked warm and inviting. 
Suddenly two hands reached out from behind him. Whanot was whimpering. The adult hands covering Hadlins eyes. They had pulled him backwards. Stopping only when he was against the hall tree. A voice whispered to him, "Shhhhhhhh...." It breathed, "They will hear you..." Then the fingers spread apart. At that moment he could see the dining room again. Rather this time its true form, old and decrepit. The lavish foods were blackened settled on broken down tables. Hadlin was momentarily shocked. Hearing the male voice in his ear again, "You don't remember me do you?" It was true. He had no idea who it was, or what was going on. 
Just as the two strange children appeared at the doorway. They were covered in blood. While the boy seemed to be chewing on a toe. Hadlin hadn't any time to even run. He was frozen with fear. Watching the gruesome little beasts walk by. Walking straight out the front doors. Once they were out of sight he breathed a sigh of relief. How did they not see him? Half expecting the voice to speak again. However noticed that the hands were gone. What in the world? Where did the man go? Had he been imagining it all? Hadlin twisted around to see the mirror directly behind him. Doubting that anyone could've been behind him in the first place. Nothing but the troubling image in the mirror. The image of a different place entirely. What was going on? All he wanted to do is find that stupid book. 
Then he heard whispering. The sound reminded him of the book. How could that be? The book hasn't worked since he's come to this place. Hadlin followed the sounds anyway. Which led him to a door nestled under the stairs. The door was left ajar. It was possible the book could've slid inside. Besides he couldn't just leave the book. All the while an inner voice telling him not to go. Whatnot even tried to persuade him not to go. Hadlin responded, "I'll leave the door open." Whatnot gave him a blank look, "What good will that do?" 
Ignoring all warnings Hadlin went into the basement. Following the growing whispers. The wooden steps creaking under his feet. The basement was cluttered with boxes, and spider webs. Whatnot was complaining, "I don't like this place." Hadlin had blocked the fuzz ball out. Sure he was getting close to the whispering. Stopping at the sight of an old picture frame sitting among a few burnt timbers. Its edges had been burnt. The frame and glass shattered. Not much was left of the photo inside. Still Hadlin examined the photo. A black and white group photo. He recognized Emme right away in the photo. This was proof she was here. Whatnot kept making noises. Just as Hadlin looked up at the hole in the concrete wall. It was the same hole the boogeyman spider had tried to catch the boy. Briefly he wondered, "Where did it go?" 
That was before it dawned on him that this whole building had been burnt in a fire. Suddenly burnt timbers came down all around him. Whatnot cried out, "Ahhhhh!" Even as Hadlin tried to reach the stairs. However there were no stairs. In its place was a large spider web. So where is the spider? Hadlins eyes were drawn to the hole in the basement wall. The spider crawled out as if on cue. Transforming into a humanoid form as it headed in Hadlins direction. Hand over hand it clung to a web. Much like an acrobat. The distance between them growing shorter. 
When even more rubble caved in on them. Hadlin had been thrown several feet back. Landing where the stairs should have been. With Whatnot landing not to far away. Most of the upper floor had collapsed into the hole with them. That's when he thought of the ghostly figure from the second floor. Did all this mean Emme was dead? The answer was most certainly yes. Hadlin was determined he wasn't going to die here. Gathering Whatnot up close to his collar, telling him, "Hang on." Pushing boards and other debris from his body. He found that he was neither fast, or strong enough to escape the heavy load. 
Even as the spider now stood over him. Pulling him out like a thread through a needle. Hadlin was scared. What would happen next? Out of that dark hole came a horrifying figure. Scared was nothing compared to the terror raging through his body. It was the carib. The spider dropped Hadlin to the floor. It turned just in time to lock arms with the carib. Hadlin wasted no time to watch. He knew the outcome. The boogeyman was going to die. Hadlin had to escape. To where? If he remained in this basement he hadn't a snowballs chance in Hell. First he had to get out. The web was his only chance. As he rushed to maneuver the sticky web. His nerves on end knowing the carib would be after him next. 
At the top he could still see the khadaver hall tree. The shiny mirror reflecting a portal out of here. His way out. Never so glad in his life that khadaver wood was hard to destroy. The only thing that bothered him is that he didn't know where the portal will take him. Though right now any portal was better than here. At the top Hadlin leapt from the web to the hall tree. Exactly as the carib took a swipe at him. Hadlin begging Eidolon to save him. The carib was right here, right now. Hadlin wasted no time in slipping through the mirror. Turning just in time to see the carib make the leapt also. Whatnot was shouting, "Its coming!" However Hadlin could not let the monster through. He had to stop it. 
Even as he bashed the mirror with his arms. Shattering the portal to pieces. Seeing hundreds of images of the carib in the shards at his feet. Until the shards turned black.


Chapter 7: Meet the Grimiore
	
Hadlin Stood trembling amid the blackened shards. Helplessly wondering, "What do I do now?" As one rebounding problem throbbed within his skull. How to save Canaan without the book. He had no way to go back to Penumbra. Even if he could go back he had no idea where to look. Then there was the quandary with the carib. Going back would be a death sentence. For now he could only move forward. Forward that is without the mirror. 
Throughout his foot had been toying with the shards of the mirror. How do you even make a magic mirror? It was all quite curious. By this time the blackened shards started to twitch. How bizarre? At that point the shards began to liquefy. That liquid migrating to meet at one central spot. Coming together in a globular shape. Thereon the glob began to change colors. Whatnot suggesting, "Looks kinda like that frog." Hadlin agreed that it did. Which replayed the memory of the frog named Reed in his head. Reed changed colors as well. Then the glob stopped at a silvery white. Whilst its matter changed into a malleable texture. Hadlin could only look on as the events unfolded before his disbelieving eyes. Having no idea what this thing could be. However he couldn't just leave it here. He started to pick up the glob. Noticing a slight discoloring to his wooden fingers. Dismissing it as no more than dirt. Nothing a good scrubbing couldn't take care of. Then continued onward with his task at hand. The glob flexed in his palm fairly similar to flesh. Still he couldn't make heads or tails of the thing. He would have to keep it out of harm's way until he could figure it out. Then placed it securely in his pocket. Assured that it would be safe in there. 
Just as something small and dark flew at his face. "What in Canaan?" Hadlin was instantly swatting at the thing. Whatnot cried out at the same moment, "Get away!" When Hadlin turned around there were dozens more. Dozens of ouray. All with their penetrating gaze upon him. In fact the entire room was covered in black chanterelles. To the point you couldn't tell the furniture apart from the wall and floor. What were they doing here? 
The more important question is, "Where is here?" Hadlin was positive the door would lead him to the answer. Seeing that he swatted at the clouds of ouray on his way out. Whatnot was telling Hadlin, "Run faster!" Hadlin stepped out onto a dirt path. Right into fog. His thoughts associating it to the fog of Nocturnia. However they were nothing alike. The fog here was rather thin, and the area still visible. There were trees everywhere. A scattering of houses dotted the landscape. Roughly hewn structures. Everything marred in black chanterelles. This was some sort of village. Though he didn't see a soul or animal in sight. On the other hand it was nighttime. Explaining away the absence of people. They were simply asleep. Whatnot was complaining once again, "I don't like this place." Hadlin sounded a bit cross, "You don't like anything." Oddly noticing that their voices were the only sound he heard. Where was all the din from insects? Hadlin shook the thought. He was making something out of nothing. 
Then again he started to trail the fog to its origins. The fog was coming from the black chanterelles. It wasn't a fog at all. It was spores. They were spreading. Subsequently he began to think the village had been abandoned. The spores kept growing thicker. Even as a whisper hearkened through the village. Was that the wind? Then another whisper came from a different direction. His answer was most assuredly, no. It couldn't possibly be the wind. Already tracing where the sound may have come from. Hadlins eyes resting upon an outbuilding. Not a soul to be seen. So where are the whispers coming from? 
That's when he noticed a page from the book. Instantly wondering, "Is the book of Canaan here?" How did the book make it through the mirror? Could that be where the whispers are coming from? It didn't make sense. The book wasn't responding to him. Why would it suddenly start working now? Hadlin walked up to the page. Finding another not far from the first. He didn't understand why the pages kept falling out. Therefore he wasn't anticipating the vibration from touching the page. The page warned him, "Beware." At first he thought it was his imagination. Then picked up the second page. Straightaway he had two voices warning him, "Its here." Hadlin questioned the pages, "What's here?" Nonetheless the pages never acknowledged him. Still they warned, "Run." It went on and on, "Run while you can." By that time he realized that there were even more whispers around him. Moreover the whispering weren't coming from the pages. A chill ran up his spine. Even as he looked up from the pages. 
Just then a ghostly figure of a man walked straight at him. Hadlin lunged aside. While Whatnot was howling in his ear. All he could do is watch the residual figure walk by wringing his hands. The man sounded distraught, "They're all dead. They're all dead." Then another vaporous figure appeared by the outbuilding. By that time he was spinning in circles from all the whispering. His tattered mind focusing on one thing only, "What happened here?" In the wake of all the whispers he heard a new sound. Someone was crying. Could that mean someone was still alive? Hadlin had to find out. Following the cries. Whatnot argued, "You don't know what's out there." Nonetheless he had to follow the sound. Which led him to one particular house. A one room house, with a window. The chanterelles were everywhere. Even on the door. 
Hadlin carefully opened the door. Black chanterelles squishing in his hand. That's when he noticed the discoloration on his hand had grown darker. It appeared to be spreading. He hadn't time to worry about such things. Scrambling inside the tiny shack. Hadlin was horror-stricken at the sight before him. A pregnant woman lain on the floor. She was covered in dark pustules, and discoloration. The woman's ghostly figure was weeping over her stomach. She kept saying, "My baby. Save my baby..." Though it appeared the baby had already been taken. 
As he suddenly became aware of a bloody trail leading out of the house. Ensuing was the sounds of a baby's cries. "Dear Eidolon what is happening?" Hadlin cried out. How did the baby get outside if everyone is dead? It meant not everyone was in fact dead, or something else entirely was here. His mind falling back to the page he found in Penumbra. It had read beware of the... Then there were the cryptic messages from the pages he'd found here. He had no idea what they all meant. However it was certain dark forces were at work. What form will the dark force take this time? Almost too terrified to find out. Even so saving the innocent newborn was his main concern. 
Hadlin shoved the pages in his pocket. Then reminded the fuzz ball, "Hang on." Whatnot settled deeper into his collar once again. Even as they were out the door, and searching for the babe. Seeing that outside the ghosts had now increased in numbers. Walking this way, and that way through the village. As a consequence seeing the real enemy may be a problem. However tracking the baby's cries was near impossible with the echo. Finding it hard to determine any direction at all. Hadlin kept turning in circles in the center of the village. Praying Eidolon would help him find his way. 
When he observed something very unusual crouching inside the outbuilding. The same outbuilding he had found the pages nearby. It was too dark to tell what it could be. Still he caught the glint of two red eyes. Whatever it was, it was assuredly not a ghost. Soon after he came to the realization that the cries were coming from the direction of the creature. His first thoughts were that the creature itself was making the sounds. However after seeing the pregnant woman, there had to be a child. All the same Hadlin was too terrified to move. 
Then the creature plodded from the outbuilding. Its arm clumsily longer than its legs. Running on three limbs. Given that one arm was holding onto something. Most assuredly the missing baby. In view of a tiny leg dangling from the crook of the monsters arm. The monster moved from one sheltered spot to another. Mixing in amidst the trees, and brambles. Hadlin was right after the beast. Whatnot sounding quite frustrated, "Well, don't chase it." Still Hadlin was still no closer to figuring out what the thing may be. He couldn't let it get away. Not with the baby. Then he too had followed the beast into the trees. The monster zigzagged through the trees. Hadlin would've thought it were an attempt to outrun him. If not for the fact the thing kept turning back to look at him, or would adjust its speed for him to keep up. The beast was playing with him. What was this thing? It was still too dark to tell. Starting to think it wanted him more than the baby. Could this be a trap? Hadlin argued the idea, "How could it?" Whilst explaining it away, "I've only just arrived in this place." Wherever this place may be. 
That's when Hadlin thought he noticed bluffs through the trees. Being that it blacked out stars and half a moon. Confident the chase would be ending very shortly. Just as he began to pick up on the sounds of running water. Around the next few trees they had come to a creek. The creek flowing along the edge of the bluffs. Curving inward to follow the large hollow in the rock face. Within that hollow the waters were unusually calm. A glow emitting from somewhere below the surface. Hadlin yelled at the beast, "Just give up!" Unexpectedly the creature ran straight into the creek. Heading directly towards the hollow among the bluffs. Hadlin had no idea what it was doing. It was traveling right into a dead end. Hadlin had halted at the edge of the water. Thinking he would just wait for it to realize it was a dead end. 
Then out of the blackness he heard several stamping sounds behind him. He turned just in time to see three creatures heading his way. Three undead villagers, blackened by chanterelles. Hadlin wasted no time before diving into the water himself. Seeing the monster in the hollow disappear below the waters. Nonetheless it never came back up. Where did it go? The words falling from his lips, "The baby..." He had to hurry, and save that baby. Jumping into the water. Whatnot clung to his collar, crying, "What are you doing?"  Hadlin toned the fuzz ball out. Swimming faster then he thought he could. Catching a glimpse of the dead villagers in his peripheral vision. All of which were still coming after him. At most very slowly. "They should just give up." He thought. However they kept fighting the waters. It was certain they would never give up. Hadlin was alarmed by this. He swam as if his wooden body were on fire. Reaching the hollow in no time. 
The glow pointing out tiny figures in the water. All of which were no bigger than a finger. Slender creatures with many arms, and two large eyes. It was sea monkeys. Artemia Salina, which is a salt water shrimp. The tiny sea creatures were drifting in the illuminated waters. Just as Hadlin had spotted where the illumination was coming from. A cave entrance below the water surface. Before he could dive under a voice spoke up. "Don't go." Hadlin stopped and looked at the sea monkeys wondering, "Did they just talk?" Then another spoke, "I saw a monster." They did talk. Hadlin admitted, "I saw it too." Informing the little monkeys, "But I have to go." He said, "They have a little baby." One answered, "Okay." Another added, "Be careful then." He responded, "As careful as I can be." 
Then he dove under the water. As an afterthought hoped Whatnot was still hanging on. The entrance three feet from the top of the water. Shortly Hadlin came up on the other side. Into a pool of water. Whatnot choking, "I'm tired of water..." Hadlin was absolutely amazed by the sight before him. Columns of stalactites and stalagmites. The threshold of the cave was all aglow by a network of taraxacum flowers. Soon reality came crashing back around him. As the baby's cries echoed throughout the cavern. Quickly he exited the pool. Seeing that there was only one way out of here. That was straight through the natural columns. Hadlin ran into the dark beyond the columns. Getting a sense he was running downhill. 
The weird and wondrous darkness slowly dissolving into another kind of light. When bioluminescent mushrooms began popping up around him. The mushrooms lighting his way. As sure as if they'd sprung forth just for him. Then he noticed wall sconces and lamps alit by the same mushrooms. Below his feet was a moss like carpet. Worn in places. Uncannily the cave began to have pieces of broken furniture along the wall. Such as armchairs, tables, and china cabinet. Almost like a giant house. The deeper he went the more he felt a wind pushing against him. Eerily that breeze whipped over his ears. At times sounding like words. "Hadge......" Then he thought he heard noises coming from behind him. Hadlin knew better than to listen anymore. Focusing on the baby's cries. The cries were getting louder. He had to be close. 
When he rounded the next corner the cavern abruptly came to an end. Opening up to a massive underground city. Which looked to be made of black vitrified glass. This was Dragonvale. Dragonvale is on Nirvana. How did he end up on this world? His eyes drawn back to the ledge. The ledge of the cavern overlooked the city by thousands and thousands of feet. A fall would kill you. That's when he noted the monster crouching on the edge of the ledge. Its piercing red snake eyes staring right through him. Plainly it had no place to go from here. Hadlin held out a hand, and said, "The baby." The red eyed creature never even blinked a response. Instead it turned and leapt from the ledge. 
Hadlin stopped short of the edge, screaming, "Noooooooo!!!" Nevertheless it was too late. Whatnot rumbled, "Don't even think about it." Then he heard the sounds of stamping feet. Looking around in the direction of the sound. However he already knew it had to be the undead villagers. He had two choices, die by zombies, or die by falling. Hadlin didn't want to be eaten alive, and chose the latter. Letting himself slip over the edge. Instantly the strange wind caught him. Slowing his descent. However the giant gap was much deeper and darker than the city of Dragonvale. Only a dragon can fly into the city. All else straight to their death. Here and there along the rocky walls mushrooms began popping out. A little bit of light here, a little bit of light there. 
Howbeit the deeper he fell the larger everything grew around him. On the other hand maybe he was growing smaller. Either way the illusion was disorienting. Even as giant caps appeared below him. Caps of mushrooms. Possibly nine feet tall, and some even taller. A jungle of mushrooms. Hadlin landed with a thud among the mushrooms. Spores shooting all around him. Rather like glowing fireflies during a summer evening. There were even a network of taraxacum flowers growing down here. 
It was an extraordinarily fantastic place. Hadlin couldn't help but reach for one of the flowers. Realizing the fungus was now halfway up his arm. It had to be the black chanterelles. Soon he would be covered in the ouray. Suddenly something excreted from the floret of the taraxacum flower. The yellowish liquid landing on his infected fingers. In a matter of seconds the discoloration was gone. Swiftly he determined that the flowers had to be poisonous to the black chanterelles. 
At that time he heard the baby cry. Even as he searched for the sounds he was rubbing florets down his arm. Before he'd even had a chance to jump to his feet something fell around him. It was three pages from the book. Where did they come from? Hadlin looked up towards the ledge. There were no pages on the ledge. If there had been he would've seen them. He'd scooped the pages up as he arose to his feet. Feeling panic coming from the pages. Their voices louder than ever before, "Get out!" One screamed, "RUN!" He could not. He had to find the baby. 
Just as something clicked behind the stalk of a mushroom. Whatnot jerked on his ear, "Something's over there." Hadlin shoved the pages in his pocket, and carefully moved in that direction. Sensing the evil long before the monster came into sight. Then there it was crouching in the center of the cave. Still shrouded in a strange darkness. The slits in the red eyes taking all of Hadlin in. Hadlin stood some feet away. He held out his hand to the demon, saying once again, "The baby." At that point the monster lifted its head slightly grinning. Assuredly plotting some evil plan. When a darkly familiar voice came from the creature, "You want the baby?" Smugly unfolding its arm from its body, and threw the little one at Hadlin. Laughing, "Take it!" Hadlin scrambled to catch the child. Holding it safely within his hands. 
Realizing for the first time what it was, and his voice faltered, "Its a Dirty Debbie Doll?" The grime covered doll wearing a white jumpsuit answered, "Welll Yeaaaaaa..." He nearly dropped the thing. As the doll began to become distorted. Stretching and twisting into a page. Getting the idea there was never a baby. Hadlin could hardly believe his eyes,  "What in the world?" The laughter from the monster grew much louder. As it threw another page at Hadlin. This page turned into Reybe. The emaciated dog was under the monsters spell. Even as it growled at Hadlin, and readied for an attack. The monster still laughing, and said, "Or maybe you would like this better." Another page came flying at Hadlin. The page transforming into a humanoid as it went. It had become Churl when it landed. Relating the same terrible fact, "Oh shit kid, you're not even real." 
That's when he realized Churl's sinister voice and the monsters were one in the same. Coming to another conclusion. So it was this monster behind him in the mirror at Penumbra. Hadlin had hardly enough time to think as the creature threw out two more Churls. He began screaming at the thing, "What do you want from me?" All at once the monster stood upright, exclaiming, "What do I want?" For the first time the monsters gray leathery skin was exposed. Covered all in grimacing faces. The book of Canaan. Every page had tried to warn him of the book. Now Hadlin realized what he truly was encountering. 
He was face to face with a grimoire. A Grimoire, Book of Doom, Edge of Darkness, or Satan's bible. Many names were given to this evil book. Evil overflowing with the darkest of magic's. That explains why the book of Canaan wouldn't work. At any rate it didn't explain how it was moving. The grimoire leaned its head closer, saying, "I want you." Hadlin yelled back, "My soul is not for sale!" The grimoire laughed again, "I am not the Devil." Taking a step in Hadlins direction, "I will just take your soul." Hadlin not sounding as confident as his words would portray, " I am the Hadge." The grimoire took another step closer expressing, "That is exactly why your soul is so much more sublime." It was laughing again, "Everybody wants it." Hadlin started to argue. Without warning the grimoire pounded both fists into the ground, shrieking, "Enough talk!" Whatnot was trembling at the sound, and hid under Hadlins collar.
Everything seemed to move in slow motion. As the attack was set into action. Hadlin squeezing the page harder in his hand. Praying to Eidolon up above to help him. Exactly as the page burst into flames. Exercising from his hand. Thereupon it flew around the room like a fiery blue serpent. Wings like wildfire. Whistling as it flew through the air. The flying blue beast is a Kamisus. It swiftly dispatched the other pages from the fight. Soon the other pages leapt into blue flames as well. Each transforming into a different sentry. One a Griffin, another a Manticore, a Cerberus, and a Golem. With those sentries burning brightly between the grimoire and Hadlin. The grimoire was furious, "Those are my pages!" 
Suddenly the little frog Reed appeared from out of nowhere. Wrapping the grimoire in a net of taraxacum flowers. The grimoire started screaming. As if the very light had been burning it. Hadlin hadn't realized something was standing behind him. Until a large dark hand clasped around his face. All he'd seen was a lopsided grin. Convinced it was the boogeyman from the moving tree. Why wasn't anyone helping him? Did they not see what was happening? Could they not see the boogeyman? The boogeyman's gravel tone had a menacing sound, "Nn....." Hadlin tried to fight it. He would not give up his soul so easy. 
However a darkness overcame him. Tumbling into the darkness, sort of like a topsy turvy room in a funhouse. Apart from the fact there are no funhouses in Nirvana. He was sure of it.


Chapter 8: Where the truth lies

Out of the blackness there it was. That same menacing sound, "Nn...." The sound was familiar. Where had he heard it? Suddenly Hadlins eyes popped open. He knew exactly where he'd heard the sound. Staring the guilty party right in the eyes. Two shiny metallic gray eyes. It was the boogeyman. The same one who had been stalking him. Where are the sentries? Hadlins eyes never left the boogeyman, but he knew something was off. The mushrooms. He couldn't see the mushrooms. The sentries were now just pages on the wooden floor. A wooden floor? What happened to the cave? What happened to the grimoire? This couldn't possibly be Nirvana. 
Hadlin allowed his vision to stray a bit further. The walls appeared to be carved from the inside of a tree. With a rustic table and two moss covered chairs settled next to a window. He was disturbed by another sound coming from the boogeyman, "Niii..." Hadlin refocused his attention on the monster. Somehow it had brought him here. That explained the topsy turvy feeling. That didn't explain what the beast wanted. Nor did he feel like being on the menu. Squarely as the beast took a step forward, Hadlin stepped towards the table. Imparting a chair as a weapon, and yelling at the monster, "Not gonna happen!" 
Flat-out his vision of the boogeyman started to blur. What was going on? The transparent anomaly kept shifting before his eyes. Amassing on the upper frame of the chair he held. That mass started to churn with color, and take shape. Until he realized it was Reed the psychedelic frog. Its color settling on purple. Reed held out a hand, saying, "You are safe here." Letting him know, "The grimoire was left in Nirvana." Whatnot nervously peeked out from under his collar, but decided it was safer inside. While Hadlin gestured towards the boogeyman, not sounding so confident, "What about that?" Pointing out, "That thing tried to eat me!" 
Thereupon the boogeyman dropped its eyes to the floor, and slowly backed away. The frog jumped to the monsters defense. "Oh, he won't hurt you." Hadlin begged to differ, "Its a monster." Another half spoken sound escaped the beast, "Ni...." Even as it transfigured before Hadlins eyes. Changing into a three foot tall little man. With green vines interwoven into its white hair and beard. Hence finishing the sound it was making, "il...." Hadlin recognized the dwarf from the tree. Whilst the dwarf repeated the word, "Nil." Did that thing just call him Nil? How could it? Only his brother Greibo ever called him Nil. Hadlin was unhinged by mixed emotions. Setting the chair back on the floor. He had to know if that monster were his brother, "Greibo?" While the frog somehow ended up sitting comfortably on the chair with its legs crossed. Greibo went on to say, "I cannot keep this form for very long." Hadlin questioning that fact, "Why?" Bearing upon, "What happened to you?" Greibo answered, "The babasova." Indignation rising in his voice, as he pointed at Hadlin "See what its done to you." Hadlin knew too well what has happened to him. Well not every detail. 
Hadlins thoughts strayed to their parents, wanting to know, "What about mom and papa?" The dwarf looked heartbroken as it responded, "You really don't remember?" Hadlin could hardly find his voice to answer, "No...." Reed too appeared sad, saying something confounding, "The very heart of a youkai is magical." Hadlin inquired what the frog was talking about, "Youkai?" By that time the hairy little man was standing in front of Hadlin. He raised his chubby hand close to his mouth. Then said, "This will help you remember." Thusly he blew into his empty hand. Likewise a fine sparkling powder tickled Hadlins face. As he watched Greibo begin to distort in front of him. Changing back into the boogeyman. 
All throughout he started to feel the effects of the powder. Grasped by that same topsy turvy funhouse experience. Seeing that the world as he knew it was torn into bits and pieces. Those pieces scattered and changing like pieces of a puzzle. Hadlin becoming petrified as the pieces wouldn't go back together. Waiting until all the pieces had turned black. Practically like a dream. Until he thought he heard the sound of the wind. Then felt the breeze brush his face. Instantly his mind halted on the feeling. How can he feel anything? He hasn't felt anything since he's become a wooden boy. What was going on? Hadlin had to know. 
Opening his eyes. Here he stood in the dark woods not far from his home in Boding. Oddly right in the place he'd began his horrifying journey. Still he did not know how he come to be here. It was as if everything before that moment in time was somehow forgotten. Hadlin heard a snake hissing from somewhere out of sight, "Itsssssssssssss..." Worrisome since snakes were bad omens. Almost at once he knew something was wrong. He shouldn't be here. As fear was pounding through his veins. Curiously he heard nothing else. Even all the creatures of the forest were afraid. 
Suddenly he noticed a dead animal on the ground. By the way it looked it had been there for some time. However with the carcass came an overwhelming fear. That was not just a dead animal. It was a carib. Why in Canaan was he out here with a carib? Had his brains been addled somehow? Hadlin had to get away. However even before he could turn and run the carcass started to move. It didn't take long for the carcass to rise. The loose skin and fur clinging down the backside of the creature. Its emaciated form shifting in Hadlins direction. Popping its jaws to stretch its mouth wider. He had no idea how to stop this thing. For Eidolons sakes, it was immortal. He needed some sort of weapon, and he needed it now. 
Sensing a substantial object already in his hands. Adjusting his hands to get a better grip. Realizing it was the book of Canaan. Where had the book come from? He hadn't the time to figure it out. The carib was lunging at him. In that same instance his inner voice was squealing, "Gonna die...Gonna die..." Raising the book up just in time. Nevertheless the carib swallowed him whole. Straightaway the carib began to shake. Stumbling to the ground. Until it exploded. Coating everything in the magical black bile. 
Out emerged Hadlin covered in a blackened mass. Still in a state of shock. He could hardly believe he survived a carib attack. The book of Canaan had actually killed a carib. Even so the book was now oozing with the glittering black bile. It had become contaminated by the substance. More than likely it explains how the book turned into a grimoire. Short of explaining how to turn it back to normal. Hadlin suddenly recalled where he was again. He had to get out of here now. Before the panotti, or enenra start making their appearances. He commenced to put his hands on the ground. However the book was in his way. He needed the use of his hands. Searching the length of his blackened robes for someplace to put it. Discovering the entire hem of the robes were turned up on the outside. Making one giant pocket all the way around the garment. Granted that the pocket were already full of bile, but the book was also covered in the stuff. So it mattered not. In any case he shoved the book out of his way. 
Then planted his hands in the slick substance on the ground. Stumbling to his feet amidst that bile. Hadlin knew he was running out of time. Considering all that was happening around him. Noting the whickering breath of the khadaver trees. Which creaked back and forth with the disquiet of the coming storm. The creatures of the forest were everywhere among the trees. Vairies, Sprites, Farisees, Brownies, Pixies, Shrooms, jackalopes, to Hobs, and Gnomes. The wind gusts had began to propel dust and leaves every which way. Hadlin had to leave before the panotti showed up. Therefore he headed off in the direction the forest creatures had fled. 
Without warning thunder and lightning streaked throughout the very heavens. Not far off he heard the sounds of breaking twigs. Dratted it had to be those bothersome panotti. Even as numerous small figures emerged from out of the haze. It definitely was the panotti. Although this time he knew what they were after. They had come for the book. Their kind meaning the troll family. Trolls are guardians of the books. Panotti have very keen hearing. He couldn't understand how anyone could've gotten close enough to the book to steal it. Be that as it may the panotti haven't learned the book is already open. That would mean the book couldn't have been taken for long. 
Suddenly it hit him like a rock, he had the book. Nonetheless he didn't remember stealing it. Much less having the power to open it. By then the panotti had him surrounded. Speaking a language all their own. However this time Hadlin knew what they were saying. They kept calling him babasova. What? He couldn't believe what they were saying. He was positive he was not the babasova. Still he found he was doubting his own reality. Could he be the babasova? "No..." He'd thought about it, "Its just not true." Praying to Eidolon that the truth would be known. 
Just then a loud vibrating howl permeated throughout the forest. Followed closely by the sounds of crashing trees. It was too late the enenra were coming. Then another deafening howl. Followed by more and more crashing trees. The chaos was all around them now, and it was moving this way. Everywhere the animals were running towards safety. More than leaves began to fall from the treetops. Giant branches kept falling all around. The panotti had all but forgotten he was there, mumbling about the enenra. 
At that time something seized Hadlins foot. Seeing that a charge coursed through his body. That charge creating a flood of white light around him. Within that light dust grew heavy and fell like tiny droplets to the ground. Then someone called his name, "Hadge..." An ethereal voice he needed not a guess. He had been blessed by his Lord. This blessing was for him alone. That is why no others could see what was happening. In the end he was gently settled on the forest floor. 
Swirling beneath him was a smoky mass. The enenra had come to claim him. Though it was not time just yet. He had much more to learn. Scrambling away from the smoky beast. The smoky mass rose up to take the shape of a half man/half beast. Half the size of the trees. Shortly thereafter it began sucking dust and debris into its body. Somewhat like a tornado. This tornado was picking up speed. That's when the enenra let out a godless howl. All creatures cringing out of pain. 
Hadlin took this time to make a run for it. Running in the same direction that all the animals did. It didn't take long for the panotti to come chasing after. The path was impeded by many limbs old and new. Hadlin had led the little beasts straight up to the rotting tree. Although this time it was so small he could step over. What was going on with that tree? Every time he came upon it the size would change. This time even the frog was gone. On the other side he sidestepped the thorn bush. Then avoided the spot the enenra would appear. 
The devilish smoke beast rising up and out. Just as the panotti appeared from over the rotting tree. Running straight in the enenras path. As the smoky beasts multiplying arms caught them up one by one. One arm would slam them to the ground. While another would pick them up and do it again. Hadlin didn't have to think twice. Leaving the panotti and enenra behind to play. He didn't even have to look back to know what happens. Since he'd done this before. Concentrating solely on what's ahead. Avoiding the obstacles in his way. Hearing enenra after enenra rise up behind him. Through the crowded forest of gnarled khadaver trees. Through thickets and ropes of vines. All hampering any pace. Weaving this way around a tree. That way through a bush. Then up and over stumps, or rocks. Many times the path was blocked. Still he had to keep going. Seeming like hours. 
Eventually the trees began to thin out. Hadlin recognizing he had to be close to the edge of the woods. However his foes were still behind him. At that point the trees thinned out to a rocky clearing. The clearing lead up to a road. A road made up of dirt and nearby rocks. At last someplace more familiar. One direction the road led to Emmaus, and the other passing by the tiny village of Boding. Home, how he missed it. Withal that has happened this time he knew right where the path began. There it is! Hadlin at last reached the gentle slope. Nervously glancing back for the panotti. Happy to see that he was staying ahead them. 
Then scaled the path downward. It was a long way down the ravine. Even so the village had come into sight. Looking no less than it would on any other night. Large khadaver trees dotting the rocky glen. Trees sprinkled in an array of light. Many colors of light. That oddly only appeared here in Boding. As luminescent plants and mushrooms bejeweled every tree. While oil lamps hung outside every door. Each dwelling nestled with fences and gardens. A stone path marked its way through town. Just the sight of it made him feel more at peace. Soon he was walking the path to his home. Watching the jerboas hop through his flower bed. Little rodent like creatures with pointed ears. He was whispering at them on his way by, "You should go hide." Shooing them with his hands, "Go. Get!" 
Then turned his attention to the eerie darkness of his home. Having a terrible feeling he may not like what he discovers inside. The front door was left ajar. Creaking back and forth in the wind. Certain he'd closed the door on his way out. Warily he went inside. Then barred the door shut from interruptions. Thankfully taking a deep breath, as he leaned against the door. He was home. Though it wasn't the warm welcoming he was expecting. From the moment he stepped through that door he knew he had no parents. All his memories of his mom and his papa were not even real. The truth be known is that the khadaver trees in Boding were especially fruitful. High concentrations of magic gathered at their core. That magic forming into beings. Each being unique in their own special way. Three tree spirits to be precise. Magical spirits called youkai. Hadlin was one of those three. Him being the youngest. Along with the eldest Jubel, and the one he calls brother Greibo. Throughout time people have painted youkai as demons. Sadly Hadlin couldn't help but think that maybe he was a demon. After all the panotti had called him babasova. 
Hadlin took several steps into the darkened room. It felt like he'd just walked into a dream. What was once dark was now marred in shadows. As tiny embers of light dusted the room. That coppery light breathing life into the ever shifting walls. The walls were breathing in and out. Just as stringers came reeling down from the ceiling. Hadlin certain something awful has happened. His eyes darting from one bed room door to the next. 
Creeee...eeeee..eeee..ee. The front door behind him creaked open. He'd barred that door shut. Turning around just in time for the door to click shut. Standing just inside the entrance was a blackened thing. Humanistic in shape. However whether it was male, female, or an it was hard to tell. Since it was covered in sludge. The grisly thing is that the creature was dragging a limp body by the hair of its head. Then dropped the body onto the floor. There lay Jubel dead by the hands of this beast. How? Jubel was a youkai. Hadlin was horrified. Nervously taking a step back. 
That's when he noticed something swinging from the ceiling. It was a body. Oh my Eidolon, he wanted to scream. There hanging from the ceiling was his brother Greibo. All bodily fluids draining to the floor below. To the floor of a magical khadaver tree. That magic growing things that shouldn't exist. Even as a shade climbed up through the cracks. Somehow Greibo's soul had gotten trapped inside one of those shades. Hadlin then glanced the room over. Shades and boogeymen of all sizes were all over. Some he would even describes as tall shadow men. Hadlin looked back at the blackened beast at the door. Its identity had become quite obvious. 
This is the babasova.  He could hear the verse recite in his head, "There is a darkness that hides in the night, like all monstrous things just out of sight. Its just a nightmare you start to shake, still it comes for you asleep or awake. Nowhere to run or hide, from the night monster always at your side." Head on the babasova stalked across the room. On a track straight for Hadlin. Horror-struck Hadlin tried to move in reverse. Ending up tripping on something on the floor. Falling flat on his backside. Turning his head in time to see a khadaver doll look back at him. Screaming, he tried to get up and run. 
Just as the babasova loomed over him. Hadlin feverishly begged to a higher power, "Eidolon! Please save me!" His mind kept crying out, "Heelpp! Heeellpp meee!" Even as the babasova leaned into him. Clutching his head between two vice like hands. Hadlin clawed at the hands. It was to no avail. This was an immortal beast. Bam... He could hear the panotti bouncing off the window. The babasova's face now mere inches from his own. What did it want? Bam... The panotti would not give up. Just as the babasova began to inhale Hadlins essence. Its face still obscured by a sludge covered hood. Bam...There the sound goes again. Hadlin felt his life-force slipping away. Regardless of what happens now he knew what the beast wanted. It wanted to absorb all the youkai magic for its own purposes. What evil purposes did it have? BAM! The sound was unusually louder that time. 
The enenra must be here. It was too late he couldn't hang on any longer. Just as smoky tendrils spread its fingers around the babasova. Squeezing the beast until it ceased its actions. Hadlin could not run. He could not even move. The enenra would just have to take him. Meanwhile the babasova escaped into one of the bedrooms. Hence the enenra chased after it. Forgetting all about defenseless Hadlin on the floor. The enenra stopped at the doorway. Then in a matter of seconds it reached its hands inward. Digging into each side of the doorway. Tearing great handfuls of wall away. Creaking and groaning as it went. Without delay the smoky beast was pouring into the chamber. 
Bam! Came the sounds from the other room. Bam! The self destructive panotti were slamming against windows. Soon Hadlin heard the sounds of glass shattering. The panotti had finally broke inside. Followed by screams, and other noises. Soon thereafter the floor began to swirl. While a fading verse from the bible come to Hadlins mind, "From demons to monsters, to hairy ones crying to one another. Where hath the night creatures taken to dwell." The enenra intends to take everything. For all the evil things will be caged in the shadows. Caged within Nocturnia. Exactly where he had been imprisoned. Hadlin took his last breath. Exhaling the last sound he would make, "Eidolon..." The winner was death. 
Fear had escaped like a white light. Echoing his name over and over. "Hadge..." It breathed, "Hadge..." Someone was calling him. He had to know who. Grasped by that same topsy turvy funhouse experience. The puzzle pieces kept turning. Until a ugly dark grinning face came into his line of sight. The shiny metallic eyes penetrating to his very soul. Calling his name. "Nil....." 
When he realized it was the ugly face of his brother Greibo. He was sorry to say back in Nocturnia. Hadlin wiped the remains of the magic dust from his eyes. It had felt like a dream. However he now knew the truth about the three youkai's. In that moment the frogs words came crashing down, "The very heart of a youkai is magical." That's what the evil babasova wanted, magic... 
Hadlin had unknowingly reached into his pocket pulling out Emme's wooden heart. Somehow it was connected to the truth and lies. How? As his thoughts darkened over the babasovas deeds, and he snarled, "I will be taking it back..."

Chapter 9: Heart of the matter

Hadlin was gasping for breath. Upon his knees on the floor. Living the moment of his death over and over. As his tears tumbled down like rain. Tumbling down onto the wooden heart in his hands. If he weren't so distraught he would question how a doll could even have tears. Well that was the least of his worries. As indignation against the babasova boiled over, "I will find you." In the meanwhile Whatnot had been patting his shoulder. 
Hadlin was completely unawares the heart shifted in his hands. Taken aback he was now standing. Staring at the wooden heart. Whatnot was making a surprised sound. Greibo's voice came from behind him, "What is it?" Hadlin hardly knew, "I'm not sure." The heart looked like it was trying to beat. While its dark brown color turned a lively greenish. The wood began to twist and turn. Reshaping into vines. Two handful of vines. Those vines metamorphosing into a baby-like figure. That spindly infant continued to grow into a young girl. Hair sprouting from its scalp with pale blue eyes. The larger it grew the whiter its skin and hair had become. Until it was large enough to jump to it own two feet. Landing directly in front of Hadlin. The girls body and hair not stopping until it had reached Hadlins height. By then it was no more than a white cloud. Staring at Hadlin in the same curious manner in which he looked at her. All the same this girl didn't unnerve Hadlin. It were as if he knew her all his life. Even to the point he knew her name. 
As the sound of her name eased over his lips, "Nieye..." Nieye smiled, yet never made a sound. Off somewhere behind him he heard Greibo say something about magic and trees. Surely she was some kind of khadaver tree spirit. How did Emme happen to have the heart? His dulling thoughts wanted to know more. Nonetheless he could only focus on Nieye. Whatnot had been poking at him, "Don't trust her." Even as the ghostly child yawned and stretched. Stopping only briefly to give the fuzz ball an icy look. Then began to dance around Hadlin. All the while rubbing her feet on the floor. Coming up behind the fuzz ball. At which time she touched the dust bunny. Just as a charge moved from her finger to the ball of fuzz. Instantly Whatnot was howling, "Yoooowwwww!" 
Hadlin scolded the ghostly girl, "Nieye, that was not very nice." She stood before him looking ashamed, but in truth not really. Whatnot was still carrying on, "She's evil!" Hadlin silenced the fuzz ball, "Hush." Then sternly called her name once more, "Nieye." Nieye gave him an angelic look, and said ever so sweetly, "I thought you wanted to find the babasova?" Hadlin began to answer, "Yes, I..." Thereupon realized he was no longer standing in the room with Greibo and Reed. 
Everything around him was dark. Anxiously questioning the girl, "What have you done?" Whatnot echoed the his words, "What have you done?" Hadlin was already examining this new place. From the walls, up to the ceiling, and down to the floor. It was all covered in ouray. As thousands of eyes were watching him. When Nieye's answer finally come forth, "This is home." Home referring to the runaway khadaver tree. The babasova had taken over his home. Infesting it with her disease. The ourays stares were relatively entrancing. Hadlin standing in the same spot for some time. He couldn't be sure whether minutes or maybe hours had gone by. 
When he noticed a crinkling sound. It sounded just like paper being waded up. Then out of the darkness from behind him two small human-like creatures emerged. Just as Hadlin recognized this room. Behind him was the front door where the babasova had stood. Exactly from where the creatures had emerged. The creatures were not even a foot tall. They were clothed in dried leaves, with twigs nearly the same color as their hair. The creatures had to be brownies. He recalled many brownies playing around his tree in Boding. Though at some point they had stopped visiting. Hadlin had no idea why. 
The brownies were skipping headlong in his direction. He stepped aside just in time for them to pass by. Seeing that Nieye looked very excited to see them. She was skipping right along with them. However the brownies never seemed to notice Hadlin or Nieye. As they passed directly through a wall of ourays on the opposite side. All he'd seen before Nieye followed the brownies through the wall was a flash of blue. 
Immediately certain those weren't even real brownies. They were pages from the grimoire. Hadlin ran up to the wall yelling her name, "Nieye!" No answer. "Oh my Eidolon." He was fearful. "What am I going to do now?" Whatnot was shaking his head, and said, "I knew it. She's crazy." Hadlin rolled his eyes at the fuzz ball. Then went back to studying the wall. Positive a solid wall lay behind all the ouray. His mind overran with questions. "Were those brownies pages? Could the grimoire be here? What did it want with Nieye? How was he going to save her?" He just couldn't stand here. He had to do something. Then he too ran recklessly through the ouray wall. Even as Whatnot was screaming, "What are you doing!" 
Out from the other side he stepped into another cookhouse. Whatnot was breathing heavy, as if he just ran a mile. This room leaked from the floor above. He witnessed the black chanterelles discoloring aged white cabinets. The plague had even made home of an old metal ice box. Most shocking of all were the brownie shapes hidden amid the chanterelles. It seems the brownies had become entombed here. That's why he hadn't seen them anymore. He hadn't the time to mourn the little creatures. 
Catching a glimpse of a lower cabinet door closing shut. Hadlin made a mad dash for the cabinet, still yelling, "Nieye!" Jerking the door open. All the same he was not expecting to find just a normal cabinet. His mind had envisioned some secret passage. However inside were two pages. The pages settled among the pots and pans. He had been right about the pages after all. Shoving them into his pocket. While his mind kept shrieking, "Where is she?" Throughout he'd been wildly pulling pans from the cabinet. Whatnot threw up his fuzzy hands and said, "Oh well, she's not here." Hadlin blew out an angry breath, but never got to say a word. For the dust bunny had toppled into the cabinet. Landing in a far corner. Whatnot cried and cried over the incident. Hadlin growled at the fuzz ball, "For crying out loud." He could hardly see why Whatnot was carrying on. After all he was made out of dust and hair. Then reached in, and plucked Whatnot out. Soundly instructing the little beast, "I don't want to hear anymore from the likes of you." Whatnot was moaning all the way to Hadlins shoulder. 
During which Hadlin noticed a strange soot creature. It had slipped through a crack in the corner of the cabinet in no time at all. That crack was a sliding door on the rear panel inside the cabinet. Which had been left open merely a fraction of an inch. Hadlin discovered an invisible chain trapped in the corner of the door. A psychic chain. One had been used to imprison Hadyn in Hell. He would almost bet this chain was attached to Nieye. Why? At the time it didn't matter, because it would lead him to Nieye. Hadlin secures the chain within his pocket. While Whatnot hides under his collar once more. Then takes a deep breath, and opens the sliding door.  
Almost instantly he is sucked through the doorway. Hearing the door slide shut behind him. To his unimaginable horror he is falling, and helpless to do anything about it. Haphazardly neither arms or legs could steady the roll of his body. His only ally was the speed with which he was falling. The fall was forever in slow motion. As he tumbled amid an imaginarium of rooms. Much like being inside a dollhouse. There were parlors, dining rooms, bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchens, and so many more. Each decorated in a different freakish way. Some the furniture would float above the floor. While others the furniture would be on the ceiling. One pantry had jars in the form of heads. 
Room after room soot creatures kept ducking out of sight. The deeper he fell the more prevalent the black chanterelles became below him. Until nothing lay beneath him but a deep black void. He had to reach one of those rooms before its too late. Hadlin flapped his arms like a bird. It didn't work. Then he tried running through the air. That didn't work either. Everything he tried was a failure. No matter how hard he tried to reach a room he just couldn't get close enough. Then more rooms went by. The ouray plague was notably getting thicker. 
Suddenly the chain jerked in his pocket. Nieye was no longer falling straight down. She'd gone in one of those rooms. He just had to find out which one. Best way would be the rope. Grabbing it hand over hand, and climbing towards the wayward dollhouse. The rope was leading him to a long wallpapered hallway filled with doors. At last he reaches the hallway. Thanking Eidolon that he didn't fall into the abyss of ouray. The objective now was this long hallway before him. His first thoughts were, "What are in all those rooms?" He would make it a point to find out. Then hurried off down the hall. With the rope as a guide to where he needed to go. Stopping to glance at each and every door. Only to discover the doors are all padlocked. As he's running down the hall the doors are getting bigger. By the time he reaches the end of the hall he's only a few inches tall. He could no longer open a door even if he wanted to. None of that mattered since the rope led him straight to a hole in the wall. Which had been hidden under a curled edge of wallpaper. Nieye must've gone in there. Hadlin looked inside. 
Amazingly a child's room was beyond the gap. Seeing several pairs of children's shoes off to one side. In the middle of the floor was a city of small dollhouse. Which were connected by roads, grass, and trees. Whatnot appeared to be getting nervous, begging, "Lets not go in there." Hadlin wasn't bound to listen, "I have to find Nieye." All the while Whatnot was whimpering. All the same they climbed through that hole in the wall. Hadlin really had no idea what was on the other side. 
Once inside the room the hole sealed up behind them. Filled with black chanterelles. Hadlin backed away from the viral substance. Backing into one of the shoes he'd seen on the floor. Warily he turned towards the shoe. Seeing that there were shoes of all kinds piled to the ceiling in that corner. Why were there so many discarded children's shoes? What happened to the children? Still hearing Whatnots whines getting louder, "Lets go, lets go." Hadlin hissed at him, "Will you ssssshut up." The way back was no longer an option. 
That's when Hadlin felt the rope tug in his hands. Followed by the sound of crinkling paper. He turned just in time to see Nieye. She was running straight through the middle of the dollhouses. Hadlin took off after her, shouting her name, "Nieye!" Whatnot acting terrified, "Its a trap! Its a trap!" However by the time Hadlin made it to the houses she was gone. Although he did notice something else. All the windows in the houses were lit up. Inside were matching male and female dolls. All the dolls appeared to look quite similar. Everyone having red hair, and red striped clothing. It was oddly familiar somehow. Then one of the dolls turned to look at him. 
He nearly tripped over his own feet trying to run away. His mind still in disbelief, "That doll didn't just move, or did it?" By then he was already stumbling out of the doll town. His mind focusing on his objective. All he had to do is find Nieye. Sensing the chain tug once again. His eyesight falling upon a large door. The chain was pulling him in that direction. That's when he noticed Nieye crawling under the door. 
Instantly he was running towards her yelling, "Nieye!" She glanced up at him laughing. Then disappeared under the door. Hadlin nearly stopped in his tracks. He knew something was not right here. Nieye saw him, and didn't stop. Wondering, "Was that really Nieye?" Then he started to think how the pages could look like anyone, or anything. Could that have been a page in the form of Nieye? The conclusion didn't really matter. Seeing that the chain led him straight to that door. Moreover the chain will lead him to Nieye. 
That's when he noticed several soot creatures watching him from under the bed. Neither bothered to hide their curiosity. Hadlin hurried along before they got any ideas. Crawling under the door. The path defied by dirt, dust and other debris. Despite that he arrived on the other side. This room was empty of furniture. All there was to see was a bucket in the middle of the floor. 
Upon entering the room Hadlin had seen Nieye slip into the bucket. He too scrambled to the bucket. Soot creatures everywhere watched him. Nearly unnerving him. To the point he was worried they would attack. Nevertheless he had to reach Nieye. Thinking hard on the fact, "How will I be able to see inside the bucket at my size?" Along the way he perceived something wasn't quite right. Upon reaching the bucket he'd grown several feet in height. At least now he didn't have to worry about seeing into the bucket. Although the bucket was empty when he got there. How? Hadlin tilted the bucket to look underneath. There was no hole in the bucket, or the floor. What is going on? Then water dripped on his head. Well that explained why the bucket was here. However it didn't explain the absence of water. Where did the water go? 
When he noticed a large shadow darken the room. He set the bucket back in its place. Seeking the origin of the shadow. The shadow had welled up from behind him. Its source was the grimoire which now towered over him. Soot creatures had gone into hiding. So would Hadlin have liked to also. As he nervously stepped backwards. He really had no where to go. 
Just as he fell into the bucket. Hearing his body scrape the inside of the metal. The metal rung over and over in his head. Feeling the sensation of his body shrinking as he fell. Even as he passed through the bucket and floor. Falling into the room below. Landing on a pile of garbage in the floor. Still he was safe. Though he anxiously looked back up at the ceiling. He was half expecting the grimoire to come crashing down upon him. Instead humongous drops of water came falling down. The drops imploding randomly around him. Hadlin tried to avoid each impact. Omitting one major flaw in his plan. His weight and the water made the garbage begin to shift. As he rode the garbage slide down to the waters edge. With all his fears he'd all but forgotten Nieye. He sure hoped she was okay. 
All the while he'd thought he was hearing voices call for help. Where was the sound coming from? Hadlin followed the sound. It appeared to originate somewhere under the rubbish. On closer inspection its not rubbish at all. It was food. At that time a banana peel started to inch out from beneath him. Right away sending him reeling against a potato. A voice came from the potato, "Watch where you're going." Startled he lands on his back in green jello. The jello springing him gently up and down. Allowing him a better view of the room. The room already had signs of black chanterelles. His eyes falling to several brownie forms under the chanterelles. Surprised to find out, that this was the room he started from. 
Just as an egg came crashing down, and broke its crown. With its yolk come spilling after. Not far from the bed of jello he was laying upon. Three partially grown shades were throwing things. They had every door open in the cookhouse. From the ice box to the cupboards. They were taking bites out of everything. If they didn't like it, it ended up on the floor. Which seemed like almost everything ended up on the floor. Hadlin was afraid they might think he was food too. So he rolled off the jello, and out of sight. Though he happened to land right in the yolk. Hearing another voice yell for help. At first thinking it was the egg. In any case that egg couldn't be put together again. However the voice was coming from somewhere else. "Help!" It shouted, "Help!" Hadlin sifts through the garbage. Trying to locate who was yelling. 
Until at last he comes upon a strange flat can. The sound was coming from inside. Although it was too dark to see inside the partly raised lid. Hadlin fought to open the metal lid. Until the lid had rolled back enough to see inside. There were five tiny fish inside. All calling for help. Whatnot was holding his nonexistent nose. Hadlin could hardly blame them for not wanting to be eaten. All the while glancing over his shoulder at the wild shades. They were devouring everything in their hands. "Shhhhhhh..." Hadlin tried to calm them down, "I will help you." 
Even as he was pushing the can towards the water. Then proceeded to dump them in. All the fish still looked nervous. "Thank you." One said, "I know a way out of here." Hadlin nodded, "Show me." He jumped in the floating can. What time the fish started to push him in his makeshift boat. Hadlin hadn't noticed the shades throwing anything for a while. Turning just in time to see them looking in his direction. Fretfully shouting at the fish, "Hurry, they are coming!" Hadlin could see a mouse hole on the far wall. That had to be the escape. It was only the distance of half the room. Nonetheless at his size it might as well be fifty miles. Nervously glancing back at the shades climbing down from their posts. 
Suddenly he felt a tug on the chain. It yanked him towards the mouse hole, and into the water. Leaving his makeshift boat behind. Hadlin glanced back at the oncoming shades. Making a swim for it. Feeling the waves of the shades pulling him back and forth. Seeming to never make any headway. Then at last one large wave hit. The wave slamming him against the wall near the mouse hole. Hadlin was stunned for a short time. Seeing that the wave had swept several other swimming creatures at the foot of the door also. Coming back to his senses he could see the ominous shades standing over him. Whatnot was crying out, "Aahhhhh!" 
Hadlin scrambled into the hole. Tripping over a rusty nail. Granted a hand had followed him inside. Quick to wits made him think of the nail. As he picked it up, and stabbed the hand after him. The hand was hastily withdrawn. Just as the encircling chanterelles sealed up the mouse hole. Hadlin had barely made it through to the other side before they had sealed this side as well. 
He bolted across the worn beige carpet. Whatnot screaming from his shoulder, "Run!" Turning just in time to see the virus creeping up the wall. Extending its reach in record time. The black chanterelles were consuming everything in its wake. Hadlin found he couldn't run fast enough. The virus was catching up to him. 
Suddenly the chain jerked him forward again. Hauling him within a foot of an old fireplace. Oddly a pale light illuminated the hearth. It had to be Nieye. Convinced Nieye had gone up the flue. He had nowhere to go but up. Hadlin looked back at the now blackened room. The virus releasing its dark spores. He had no more time to waste. Running the last leg into the fireplace grate. Climbing the grate was time consuming. Although once on top he could clearly see the chain from here. The unusual light in this space had made it visible. He would have to climb before the virus reached him. Unsure if that was even a viable solution. Doubting he could out climb the virus. Seeing that he couldn't even out run it. 
In a flash he was climbing the chain. Before long realizing many eyes were watching him. By and by the number of eyes seemed to increase. Some daringly moving in his direction. Close enough for him to make out the soot creatures. Still he had no idea if they would attack or not. Forthwith some of the lower sooties were running for cover. All Hadlin had to do is look down to know why. The black chanterelles had entered the fireplace. If he didn't find a faster way out he would end up just like the brownies. One by one the sooties would pass him as if he were standing still. 
Until a wonderfully crazy idea hit him. He just had to wait until the next one tried to pass. Here it came. Hadlin leapt from the chain onto the sooties back. It went wild at first. Whatnot was screaming once more. Nonetheless the sootie had a greater fear of the virus heading it way, and forgot about its hitchhiker. Hadlin coming to the conclusion they really weren't so frightening after all. As he precariously clung to its back. Riding the little beast all the way to the next floor. The soot creature shook him loose at the next hearth. Then hurried along its way. 
This room was an exact duplicate of the room below. Right down to it worn beige carpet. However Hadlin had now found what he was looking for. "Nieye!" He cried. She had been wrapped in the psychic chains. Unable to move from the floor. Withered back into a vine-like state. Hadlin had rushed right to her side. The path getting easier as he went. As his body began to grow. By the time he spoke again he was full size once again. "Nieye!" He exclaimed, "Are you alright?" All she could do is moan. Nieye couldn't even respond to his touch. Whatnot was looking hopeful that he may be rid of the girl. Hadlin had hardly noticed the room darkening around him. Nor that something else had come from the fireplace. 
Until that terribly familiar voice spoke from behind him, "You'll never be real." Then the grimoire began to laugh. Whatnot crawled deeper under the collar. Hadlin leveled a contemptuous stare at the evil book, hissing, "You did thiss..." The grimoire kept laughing, as it circled the room, "It was too easy." Hadlin was furious, "Stealing her magic!" The book smirked, and said, "I'm not done yet." Hadlin stressed every syllable, "I think that you are done!" He would fight for Nieye until the very end. Win or lose. Just as the pieces of the puzzle started to fit together. Nieye was the heart of this khadaver tree. She is the heart of a youkai. The very heart of a youkai is magical. It all made sense. Hadlin just noticed that the other end of the chain was attached to him. They had been linked all along. He jerked the chain holding Nieye in place. Chain, Nieye and all were propelled towards him. The impact was shocking at first. As he absorbed the magical organism into his body. Filling the hole in his chest that had been empty for so long. He now had his heart back. He'd lost it when the babasova had attacked him that day. How could he not remember? Nor could he remember how Emme ended up with his heart. Hadlin already felt different. As love filled him throughout. Likewise his body began to transition from wood to flesh. In awe he held up one hand, watching it change. 
The grimoire tried to stop Hadlin before he completed the change. Roaring with insanity, "That magic is mine!" Hadlin held the book at arms length, yelling at it, "You have no real magic book!" Without warning the book began shooting out pages. Those pages turning into all sorts of monsters. Regardless they could not harm the Hadge, and fell harmlessly at his feet. Hadlin went on to say, "You are an invention of the father of lies!" By this time the room started to fill with the black chanterelles. Giving the grimoire hope where there was none. 
Even as light began to emanate from Hadlins skin. Which seemed to keep the virus at bay. In kind it kindled a phrase through his head, "Out of darkness, into his light." At what time Hadlin reached for a handful of pages, telling the book, "Maybe I don't know how to reverse the evil in you just yet." All the while his hand molding the pages into a ball. Then heated them into a tiny golden sun. Thusly adding, "But I know how to prevent you from harming anyone else." 
At which time he shoved the ball of light into the grimoire. Fusing the pages into its spine. It shrieked as if it were in pain. Shrinking back to a normal size. Until it fell upon the worn beige carpet, as just a book.
Chapter 10: The babasova

"NOOoooooooo!" A booming screech echoed all throughout the khadaver tree. Whatnot made a nervous sound. Then he held his non existent ears. Had the babasova discovered Hadlin had made the book inactive? 
Unexpectedly the floor and carpet started to pop and crack. Followed closely by sizzling smoke, but no fire. The flooring turning to charcoal right before his eyes. Then turned the edges of the charred wood into dust. The charring took only a matter of minutes. Without Hadlin having scarcely a chance to get the words out, "What in Eidolons name?" Before his weight began to crack the charred floor. A piece of the floor fell here. Then a piece would fall there. Hadlins feet kept dancing from spot to spot. All in an effort to stay ahead of the collapsing floor. Whatnot had been crying the whole time. 
When a big chunk of floor fell through. The book, pages, and the chanterelles were the first to go. Whatnots cries grew louder, "We're gonna die." Hadlin corrected the fuzz ball, "We are not going to die." Though deep down he really had no idea what was going to happen. Seeing that all exits were blocked by chanterelles. A fall was inevitable. 
Consequently the whole floor caved inward. More than likely to their deaths. As Hadlin and Whatnot both screamed the way down. Praying Eidolon would intervene on their behalf. All around them the walls were thick with chanterelles. Even as the walls spread outward into a giant dark space. The dark getting darker the deeper they went. Granted he was lucky at being able to see in the dark. Now that he was human again. 
Whereupon he started passing large pillars. Pillars of chanterelles. Those masses of chanterelles capping with an overload of the virus. At which point he was noticing the caps moving. Much like giant eyelids blinking. With a giant sized ouray inside. Some even larger than he was. Every eye watching him go by. Among other things a miasma of spores permeated the space. Mixed in the miasma were thousands of tiny ouray. 
At that moment he smacked into one of the giant eyes. Horrified he was yelling even louder, "Aaahhhhh!" Fighting to get away. Sliding over its glassy surface. Until he was freefalling once more. Thereafter he smacked into another and another. Hitting things all the way down. Before coming to rest at the bottom. 
There he lay half conscious on his back. Feeling the floor shift under his body. That squishy feel had to be chanterelles. Which felt like a living entity. In spite of that he could sense a whole different presence in the room. Surely as its eyes were bearing down upon him. Followed closely by the notable sounds of its breathing. He was definitely not alone. Who or what could be out there? Almost too terrified to find out. Despite his terror he had to know. 
As he opened his eyes to a set of eyes looking right back at him. Hadlin was instantly shouting, "Aahhhhhh!" Trying to back away from the creature before him. Up to the point he realized it was two ouray that had been staring at him. Sighing out of releif. At last becoming aware that Whatnot was trembling. Hadlin himself was afraid for the breathing had never went away. He had to get out of there. As he rolled over onto his hands and knees. Whereas a giant eye opened under him. 
Straight away he jumps to his feet, yelling, "Aaahhhhhh!" Stumbling over the uneven surface of the chanterelles. Having no idea where he is going. This place was much too dark to tell even with his eyesight. From out of that darkness he started hearing many sounds. High pitched squeaks and clicks. The sounds were coming from everywhere. Hadlin asked the fuzz ball, "Did you hear that?" Whatnot never answered. He was still trembling as if highly terrified. 
Suddenly Hadlin had ran into a tree. As limbs tried to wrap around him. Moreover he realized it was not a tree at all. It was a boogeyman. Which transformed before his eyes. He ran the opposite direction of the monster. Running headlong into a giant spider. Hadlin stopped short of the arachnid. It too was a boogeyman. He ran away from that beast as well. Sensing it was not to far behind. Shortly after something crashed into Hadlins lower legs. Nearly knocking him off balance. His first thoughts were that it was another boogeyman. What form had it taken this time? When he looked down at his legs to see hundreds of shades. They were wallowing around his ankles. As more and more were adding to the accumulation. Furthermore he could see all the shiny metallic eyes closing in on him. Hadlin had to escape before the monsters trapped him. However it was already much too late. 
Seeing that when he lifted his leg he fell flat on his stomach. Screaming the whole way down. Landing on several pages. The shades had scattered out from under him as he had fell. Once he'd hit the floor they came piling back on top of him. Just as something larger grabbed him by the leg. It had to be one of the boogeymen. Thereon he was being pulled out from under the shades. All the while he was screaming louder. When his hand passed over one of the pages. He clutched it in his hand for dear life. While he prayed to Eidolon to save him. 
Suddenly blue flames shot up into the air. Shades tried to run for cover. Boogeymen appeared stunned. Those flames twisting into the blue flying beast Kamisus. Soon after other pages leapt into blue flames as well. Well over a hundred pages. Each transforming into a different sentry. A Griffin, Chimera, another a Manticore, a Cerberus, a Golem, a Kirin, an Ayan, and many other things he didn't recognize. The blazing sentries attacking the dark creatures. Followed closely by the sounds of screeching. Which went on for what seemed an eternity. Hadlin rushed to his feet readied for any attack. 
At which time the booming voice echoed through the space, "What have you done to my book!" Soon after the book of Canaan comes hurdling through the air. Tumbling many times before stopping with its pages open. Only feet from where Hadlin stood. Forthwith the sentries changed back into pages. Then were sucked into the book. In the end the cover of the book slammed shut. The space had gone all quiet. Except for the angry breaths of the babasova. Hadlin was turning in circles trying to locate the creature in all this darkness. Finding the babasova's games tiresome, and yelled, "Show thyself!" 
Out of the darkness came boogeymen. A harpy with shiny eyes, flying in from behind him. A hundred hander beast appeared off to his left. Then a wendigo to the right. Thereafter a giant spider appeared before him. Hadlin was horrified by the gruesome monsters around him. Pleading for Eidolon to save him. Save him now. As the spider shot a web in his direction. Entrapping his legs within the sticky substance. 
Quickly he went down on his knees. Even as the hundred hander grabbed one arm with a dozen of its hands. At the same time the wendigo seized his other arm. While the harpy dug its claws into his back. Withal the monstrous things around him he feared the babasova the most. Searching the darkness for it to appear. Hadlin cried out, "Why are you doing this?" The babasova cackled by his show of fear. Listening to the babasovas breathing walk circles around him. Though remained hidden in the dark. Hadlin focused on that breathing. He'd heard that same breath before in his home. Standing over his helpless body. His own breathing had become erratic. He was jogged from his thoughts by the sound of the booming voice, "Here let me remind you." 
As tiny embers of light dusted the room. Those embers were in fact glowing spores. The coppery spores lighting much of the space. Including the dark figure standing in front of a doorway. The babasova was here. It slowly and purposefully moved in his direction. He could hear Whatnot crying. Just as the boogeymen backed out of the babasovas way. With each and every step the babasova became more defined. It looked like an old woman. As the light shifted over its wrinkles it morphed into an elderly man. "Churl?" Hadlin certain his expression matched his boggled mind. Shadows were playing tricks with his eyes. Intrinsically it was evil trying to keep all in the dark. The manlike figure now loomed over him. Horrifyingly Hadlin could not move, nor could he scream. Praying that Eidolon would help him. 
At what time the evil creature grappled Hadlins chest with its foot. Shoving him back to the floor. Holding him in place. Surprisingly Hadlins hands grabbed the babasovas leg. He wasn't sure how or why his body suddenly decided to work, but he was thankful that it did. The old man gave Hadlin a hard stare. Hadlin stared right back. It was a standoff. Up till the babasova gave him a freakish half grin. At once the glimmer dissolved away, and truth beheld. Standing over him was an old hag with the legs of an owl. 
Instantly Hadlins heart leapt to his throat. He'd recognized this woman. She had come to his village long ago. Hiding in the trees. This woman was Lillith. A much older version. She was the one who was stealing magic from the youkai. As being the Hadge he remembered Lillith from his journey into Hell. Although by that time she had changed into a hideous monster. Which led him to believe that the events in Canaan created a sequence of events in other worlds. He could prevent all the terrible things that happened in Elysium. If only he could stop Lillith right here, right now. 
All hope of that idea ended when Lillith dug her nails into both sides of his face. Ranting and raving, "You are not me! I made you!" Hadlin would've liked to know what she meant if it weren't for all the pain. Screaming to the top of his lungs. All the while she'd been inhaling his scent. Trying to siphon his soul. Bit by bit he could feel it tearing away. Hadlin fought at first until the pain had become blinding. Begging Eidolon to just let it end. He could take no more. 
All at once Lilliths memories came to him. He had no way to stop it. Knowing they shared much the same memories. That a jeweled snake came in a dream. It explained how she could have all that she desires. Wealth and power. All she had to do is open the book of Canaan. Then kill a carib. Somehow that act had split her soul. The caribs magical bile had brought the khadaver trees to life. Creating a special place for a youkai to grow. Afterwards she could take their magic for her own. She didn't anticipate half her soul would adhere to a youkai. Which turned out to be Hadlin. Once she had that final piece she could follow the rest of the snakes plan for the worlds. Hadlin could not let that happen. For he knew who the snake really was. It was the father of lies. It was the Devil himself. He had to stop them. 
Praying even harder to his Lord, Eidolon. Feeling the light of Eidolon fill him from within. Hadlin opened his blue eyes to see the witch still above him. As a sphere of white light filled the space around him. Time had stopped within the light. While dust and spores fell like raindrops within the circle of light. From everywhere and nowhere an ethereal voice invaded the senses. "Hadge... Hadge awaken." It was almost definitely a male. At once assured it was the voice of Eidolon. Hadlin grateful that he had come to help him once more. Even as the white light absorbed into every pore of his body. 
Then he dug his fingers into the chanterelles under him. Allowing that light to burn brighter than it ever had. Lillith fell backwards, screeching. While the shades and boogeymen did the same. Gradually the light traveled through the black chanterelles.  Traveling all through the khadaver tree. Little by little the virus began to dry out. Lillith is screeching to the top of her lungs, "NNnnnoooooooooo!" Still she can't get close enough to Hadlin to stop him. Seeing that the light is burning her skin. 
Eventually the chanterelles changed into dust. Even as the dust fell into a pitted landscape. Soon the ouray turned a sickly gray, and it too had fallen in the pits. The remaining dust was converted into raindrops. Which filled the many pits left behind by the chanterelles. In the chanterelles wake a network of taraxacum flowers started to appear. Marking the gravesite of the ouray. Moreover the room grew brighter still. As shades and boogeymen began to turn gray also. Some turning to dust while other escaped into the puddles. 
Finally Hadlin arose now that the khadaver tree was nearly free of evil. All that remained was the babasova. Lilliths maddening screams still filled the chambers, "What have you done!" Swinging her arms wildly like a tantrum. Her skin changing into a leathery gray. She was changing into the sheol right in front of him. She screeched again as she ran at him, with claws extended, "Noooooooo!" Although had to retreat from the light. Thereupon Hadlin used his light to force her into a corner. Reminding her of the fact, "You stole from the youkai." By then she was whimpering, "Nooooo..." Even as Hadlin placed a hand on her forehead, and siphoned the youkai magic from her body. 
She sat crying for how long he did not know. At some point her cries could be comparable to a laugh. Voice quaking, she tried to speak, "You can't kill me." Hadlin couldn't be certain if he could or not. It would not be an effort of not trying. He thought he'd killed her in Hell, but here she is. Then she laughed even louder, "How would you find your precious Emme?" Hadlin snarled back at her, letting his light dim, "What about Emme?" Lillith arose, and said, "I know where she is." Hadlin was insistent, "Tell me!" By that time his light had gone out. Lillith stepped from the corner looking positively evil, "I think not." Hadlins insistence grew much more impatient, "Tell me!" She was looking rather smug now, "There is a problem." Hadlin was on edge by this time, "Due tell." She gave him a crafty little smile, "Well." She said, "I will require your life in trade for hers." Hadlin was out-and-out confused, "What?" Stuttering, "No..No!" Lillith turned her back on Hadlin, stating, "Then she will die." Hadlin held up a hand, "Wait!" He needed time to think. She then asked him, "Do you not believe me?" Hadlin couldn't answer one way or the other. "Look." She said, pointing at one of the puddles. 
Immediately he thought Lillith was trying to escape, yelling, "Get back!" Until he heard the sounds of children coming from the puddle. Hadlin looked into the gateway. It was Penumbra orphanage. Though it was before it had burned. He barked up at the witch, "What is this?" Lillith pointed out, "The fire has already started." Then gave him an insidious grin, "She doesn't have much time." Not long after two strange children went inside the building. Although the eyes revealed them as something other than children. They were boogeymen. Outside children were laughing and playing. Each red haired child wore matching striped shirts. At that time he saw the fire raging in the second story window. He had to save Emme! 
At once Hadlin tried to enter the puddle. However was stopped by a boogeyman. The boogeyman had turned into a set of iron bars. Barring his way through. Hadlin shook the bars screaming, "Let me through!" Lillith asked, "Will you make the trade?" He couldn't just let her die. Frantic Hadlin was shouting, "Yes! Yes!" Breathing erratically, "Whatever..." She hissed, "Ssssay it." Hadlin agreed, "You can have my life for Emme's." Lillith looked truly happy. Ordering Hadlin, "Back up." He was asking, "Why?" She was hissing, "Do it or the girl dies." Hadlin backed up to the edge of a puddle. 
Hearing a shuddersome hiss come from inside the black pool. Bravely he stood there feeling as if he'd done this before. Just as a figure stepped into view. It was the gorgon he encountered on Elysium. Her unblinking ice blue lizard like eyes bulged out in his direction. The entrancing stare of death scintillated in her gaze. Mesmerizing all that look upon her. Turning them to stone. Hadlin realized all that too late. He wasn't stone, but nor could he move. The puddle had cushioned the effect where he only had paralysis. How long the paralysis lasted he didn't know. Sure it would be too late by that time. Hadlin attempted to speak, "What is this?" What about Emme? Lillith pulled a red haired girl up from the pool of Penumbra. The girl looked scared. Then said with a sickly sweet voice, "She is safe." Hadlin knew that wasn't Emme. Emme had platinum blonde hair. He'd never seen her wear a striped shirt. Besides that girl didn't even recognize him. He had been duped. Hadlin could see the betrayal in her eyes. Then could only watch as the witch shoved the girl to the floor. 
At that point Lillith was laughing, "Was it the shirt that gave her away?" Thereupon answered herself, "Yes, yes." She admitted, "I have a whole room of these dolls." Hadlin could almost kick himself for not remembering the room of dollhouses. Lillith trilled on, as she pointed towards Whatnot, "He was one of my dolls too." Hadlin didn't want to believe it. However the evidence was clear, the boy has red hair, and wore a striped shirt. Had Whatnot spied on him the whole time? By then Lillith crowed the final nail in the coffin, "Emme doesn't exist." Adding for good measure, "She never existed." Hadlin couldn't except the thought that Emme didn't exist. He knew in his heart that she did. Lillith was cackling by now, "Just like your parents don't exist." At last saying, "Just like you don't really exist." What is she talking about? I am alive. Almost wanted to think he could move, but right now he couldn't. By that time she spat the rest out, "Killing the carib was at a great cost." She was breathing heavy, "Half of my immortality was torn from me that day." Saying the rest as if it were distasteful, "And turned into the likes of you." At that point she hissed, "Soon I will rectify the problem, and take the other half of my soul back." 
At that point the vine-like tendrils wrapped around Hadlins body. Then pulled him into the pool. He watched as the gorgon popped her jaws. After that swallowed him whole. Hadlin knew the outcome to this. He remembered finding the bones, and soul in the gorgon on Elysium. Churl had wanted them so bad. If it had been Churl at all. For all he knew Churl really didn't exist. He was starting to believe the world around him wasn't even real. Nothing more than a stage of lies. 
Hadlin started to cry deep down inside to the Lord, "Eidolon, save me from this evil." As the warmth of his light kept him company. While his love of Eidolon reminded him that, "The Lord will save the faithful."
Thank you for reading the second book:
HADAGERY, Book of Canaan
Cover art by:
Damaged Brain Designs:
http://damagedbraindesigns.bigcartel.com/

HADAGERY, Book of Elysium
First book
Available now:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/396576

Still in the works:
HADAGERY, Book of Eden
Third book
HADAGERY, Book of Nirvana
Fourth book
